	Great hotel quiet location ideal for weekend away!	We stayed at the Apex for a weekend in November based on the reviews from this site. We were not disappointed. We stayed in a King Deluxe room on the first floor and the room was HUGE! The bathroom had a large bath and a walk in shower.My only gripe was that the pillows were terrible! The standard ones are feather so I would suggest ordering extra or foam ones for a more comfortable night.The room was VERY quiet for London as we could only hear the wind in the trees of the small square opposite our window. It is within 3 minutes walk of Tower Hill tube station, which will take you to Embankment which is only a 5 minute walk from Leicester Square etc. Ideal for Tower of London as it is just across the road. We didn't have any food in the hotel as there was a pub just around the block that did full English breakfasts for £3.99 which was OK for us. There is also a pizza place, noodle bar and various other eateries within a 5 minute walk. I would also suggest walking over Tower Bridge and walking towards London Bridger on the South Bank as there were a multitude of places there.All in all a fab weekend at a fab price.	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent hotel very pleasant stay!!	We stayed overnight at the Apex City of London, this weekend, it was very, very nice. The rooms were very clean and welcoming with everything you would need for an overnight stay or longer. The hotel is very modern and spacious and is set in a quiet sidestreet in easy walking distance of the tubestation. The staff were most helpful nothing was too much trouble. Lovely breakfast with lots of choice. We will definatly be staying again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great place to stay on business	Stayed for two nights nearing the end of a long week working in London. Getting to the hotel was like coming home. The front desk staff couldn't have been friendlier nor more accomodating. My room was available right away. Room was clean, large for UK standards, huge comfortable bed. Lovely large bathroom with modern seperate shower. Two people could easily negotiate this bathroom. Complimentary water in the rooms was nice too. Didn't have dinner in the restaurant, but did have beverages. Bar is open until 1 am, which is nice since most places close at 11 pm. Close to tube stop and tower of London. Agree with other reviewers, don't know why this is a 3 star property as it was easily 4 in my opinion. Only challenge was getting a taxi in the morning during rush hour. On a side street, so I had to take a quick walk to the tube station - little effort considering all the good things.	
Nov 9 2009 	Absolutely brilliant place to stay for business or pleasure.	First of all, Apex City London lives up to the outstanding reviews on Trip Advisor. We arrived after a 24 hour flight from Australia at 7am in the morning, it is literally 5 minutes from the Tower Hill tube. The staff made us welcome until our room was available. The beds are fantastic, as is the free WiiFi. The toiletries are great and the staff can't do enough to make your stay pleasurable. We used it as a base to explore all of London and we found Tower Hill a quieter part of town. The gym is excellent, and better than most Hotel gyms.There is a Pret a manger nearby and it was great for a quick bite or lunch on the go.Rooms were spotless, and we liked it so much we upgraded to a deluxe room for the last 3 days. It is worth the upgrade. I would stay at Apex City London on any return to London. Don't look anywhere else this place is it for tourists and business in London.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent choice for the City.	Stayed for 3 nights in Oct 2009. It is a great location for the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, and doing business in the City. Lloyds office and Leadenhall Market a 4 minute walk and plenty of food choices nearby.  The staff was helpful but definitely opt for the buffet breakfast as the in-person service was painfully slow, by any standard.  Most taxi drivers seem to know where it is and finding a cab is VERY easy - if they're not out front there's one a block away in any direction. Good Tube options with Tower Hill a block away, Monument, and Bank all very close.  The only thing to be aware of is that the location is solidly in the City. If you're going to be running around all over London, beware. Either plan on taking the tube and making a transfer, or spending a lot of time in cabs. With zero traffic it took 20-25 minutes to get there from Paddington, and in thick midday traffic a full HOUR to get back TO Paddington.  Decent bar but not a thriving bar scene after hours. Overall relaxing. I paid up for the Superior King room and was amazed by the size of the room as well as the bathroom. However beware - shower head is tiny and low pressure.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great London hotel in a quiet location near the Tower of London	Stayed Saturday night to attend a birthday party in London and although the party was over near Hyde Park we were really pleased we chose the Apex. It is smart, very modern and the service efficient. Highly recommended.	
Oct 25 2009 	A good base to see London	We were given a room upgrade during our 3 nights stay here in September. The room was spacious and well appointed as was the bathroom. The bed was big and comfortable, and the room was quiet at night. Didn't spend too much time in the hotel, but it was located near a very good pub for meals and a short walk from shops, tube station and The Tower of London. We booked this hotel based on what Trip Advisor had to say about it, and were not disappointed.	
Oct 23 2009 	great location	Well located, well priced modern hotel. Very nice waiter served breakfast and professional service from all staff.	
Oct 22 2009 	The nicest hotel I have ever stayed in	This hotel is in a fantastic position, close to the Tower of London and very close to several tube stations. The Reception staff were most helpful with maps and directions and various suggestions to make the most of our stay in this lovely hotel.The rooms are outstanding with several little touches that really improved our comfort, the bed and bedding were amazingly comfortable, and the breakfasts were truly out of this world, I have never stayed in such a friendly and luxurious hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	NICE ENOUGH	Friends and I stayed at this hotel in September, had the basic room. Very modern, but rather impersonal I thought. Breakfast was lovely as they come and take your order from the breakfast menu - nice to be looked after by someone rather than the buffet style for a change. Lovely young man on duty the first morning and then it all went a bit pear-shaped on the second morning, had to ask a couple of times for someone to take our order and then ask again for tea/coffee/toast etc, but not that big a deal. What I will say is that the shower was hopeless. It was like a hand-held style that I would say at best, dribbled! Not sure I'd go back to be honest, not sure why, just didn't bowl me over. That said, I would recommend it as it was a nice, modern hotel and they had a good offer on at the time, which I think has been extended, so worth checking out.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fantastic Value	We recently had a weekend break in London, using the Apex as our base.What a good choice we made. We has a standard room and it was more than adequate, Comfortable, clean, convenient and very friendly staff. After long days sightseeing the local Wetherspoons is very convenient half way betenn the Tube and Hotel. for a nightcap.Can't wait to go again.Keith &amp; Debbie, Manchester.	
Oct 19 2009 	A lovely hotel	I recently stayed at the Apex hotel for my boyfriend's birthday, where we came to London to relax and to see a show.I booked online with Late rooms (and got a v. good deal). We arrived in London and after much Tube hopping we left the station to find the hotel was 2 minutes walk away in an ideal location (brilliant)On our arrival checking in was quick and hassle free. We have a choice of which floor and smoking or non-smoking then we made our way upto the room. It was small, but cosy, was spotless and very tidy, it was excellent.We didn't eat at the restuarant or drink at the bar, as the food was a little pricey, but this was to be expected!The hotel had free internet access. The staff was attentive and extremely helpful and even when we asked for directions to the show, they recommended the cheapest way and most convininet way to travel.We checked out 2 days later with a smile on our faces. Again, the checking out was quick and hassle-free, and they'll even store your bags for you until you need to depart for home.The only that was annying was the location of the plug sockets. They were behind the TV which was a pain when using the iron and also when using the hairdryer as the cord wasn't long enough.Other than that it was fantastic, I would definately go again and would recommend it to friends and family (they should visit late rooms first though)	
Oct 19 2009 	Pleasant enough hotel shame about the room service	This is a nice enough hotel, well situated in a quiet road and close to underground and bus stops. No complaints about the room, again nice enough with a decent size bathroom, although the view was of a huge brick wall! As we were only there for a one night theatre break we weren't too bothered about that. However, on returning to our room after the theatre, we ordered some supper from Room Service. This arrived fairly promptly, but a short while later Room Service rang through and asked my husband if he would go down to Reception and pay for it, as they had failed to ask us for credit card pre-authorisation when we checked in. We felt this was an unreasonable request considering it was getting on for midnight and were trying to enjoy our supper, but he reluctantly went and Reception did apologise, but it was pretty annoying all the same. We decided to heed the hotel's warnings that the restaurant gets very busy for breakfast at the weekends, so we pre-ordered breakfast in our room for the next morning, and requested for it between 10.00-10.15. It arrived at 09.40! My husband was still in the shower, so by the time he had finished, his breakfast was cold. What is the point of asking what time you would like your breakfast delivered, if Room Service are then not going to take any notice?!!	
Oct 15 2009 	nice place - great location	Only a few mins walk from tower hill station on the victoria tube line, 5 mins walk from the DLR stop. Nice modern hotel. pret a manger 2 mins away if breakfast isn't included in your rate. Stayed on the 4th floor. Room was a little small ( standard for London) but was spotless clean. large bathroom with walk in shower. Staff were very helpful and allowed us to check in early on the day of arrival. Breakfast was fine - standard buffet selection. Bar was quite pricey - though there are a few bars within a few mins walk.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent modern hotel	I loved this hotel. Great location (2 min walk to Tower Hill tube station), friendly &amp; helpful staff, modern &amp; large rooms. The best breakfast - everything from a full fry up to pancakes &amp; waffles..amazing! I could not fault this hotel. The only small thing i didnt like was the bedroom windows are locked and the only way to open them is call reception and someone will come to unlock them but they dont leave the key with you so you have to call them again to lock them! I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Convenient to the Tube and Tower of London	My daughter and I stayed at the Apex Hotel for a couple of days after traveling around during her spring break from college. The staff at the Apex Hotel was friendly and efficient. The room was upscale and comfortable. We enjoyed having the chance to watch a DVD from the hotel's collection. The Tube stop was just a few blocks away, but be sure to get directions so that you don't wander around like we did. While we were there, we visited the Tower of London, which is huge...you could spend an entire day there. We brought home the little yellow rubber duck that was in our hotel bathroom for a souvenir of our time as Apex Hotel patrons.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good Name> good Service> excellent stay	had to book the hotel at the last minute. had trouble with booking online - reservation desk was closed but left name and my number. when i called to book the next day, internet rate was honoured. furthermore when i decided to extend the day by 1 more, i was offered the same rate buy the hotel staffhotel is very close to tube station &lt;5 mins walk and next to famous tower of london. and getting anywhere into london is made so easy by the fact tube is so close by.what i find most interesting and love about this hotel is that it had free wireless internet service, so you can plan your weekend, or look for deals to you heart's content without having to worry about paying ridiculous prices of internet use.if you love your sport, like me, then you would be glad to have sky sports channel as part of the TV channels (for free) in you room, so you dont miss any football/rugby/cricket games if you are away from home.if you fancy a nigt-in, you can get a free dvd from front desk to watch on a flat screen tv.second time i stayed at this place, no change in service. totally felt relaxed and hassle free. staff very polite and helpful as usual.thanks. C u soon	
Oct 5 2009 	Peaceful	We stayed in this hotel in late September. Although in busy part of London it was quiet at the weekend. Overall the staff were very freindly and the accommodation excellent for our needs	
Oct 5 2009 	a hidden gem	my boyrfiend and I stayed here at the weekend. we thoroughly enjoyed our stay!we were upgraded on arrival, greeted by very friendly staff, given directions to anything we needed. room was lovely, with lots of extras, warm. conceriege were so accomodating and friendly. free internet to plan our days activities and print any maps needed.it is very close to lots of tourist attractions, there is a tube station outside if you need to travel further afield, very good especially if you are travelling to take the train to the airport.we really enjoyed our stay here and will be recommending this to friends.	
Oct 3 2009 	Awesome hotel with HUGE BEAUTIFUL rooms	This was a fantastic hotel! Very near a tube stop and the Tower of London. There are plenty of places to eat nearby as well. We stayed in a basement room that was great, very quiet and quite large. Hotel had a very cool look and was very clean. The only complaint I had was on the shower (it is separate from a huge tub). Water leaked out onto the bathroom floor so we ended using the bath mat as a water dam to prevent the leakage. The bed sheet was also not really wide enough for the bed but we managed. The free internet was a welcome surprise since many hotels charge ridiculous fees for it.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights in Aug 09 and loved it. After a minor hiccup checking in the room turned out to be fantastic, staff great and very clean all round. The location is great with easy access to Tower Hill Station, the Tower of London and the Tower Bridge, but it's a fair way from the rest of the touristy areas. Use the tube and this is a great place to base yourself when visiting London. Great service.... great hotel.	
Sep 30 2009 	Overpriced rabbit hutch	After spending a couple of days in London at the Premier Inn County Hall, I had to stay down for one night on business. Thought I'd choose a hotel closer to my work venue AND go upmarket - the client was paying. So I went on Laterooms and found the Apex; £168 room only (Queen room), down from a normal price of &gt;£300. Great deal I thought. NOT. The room was 1/2 the size of my one at the Premier Inn. OK there was a bar of soap and some smellies. The internet didn't work. I connected reception - no good. I spoke to the techncial support people- no good. I gave up. Apparently 12 more guests were having the same problem.hAll in all, overrated, overpriced and small rooms. AND they wanted to charge me £15 for a breakfast. I went to a cafe down the road, full English for £4,50 !!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Hotel	The hotel is beautifull and the price is great!A little far away from downtown London, but really close to a subway station.	
Sep 28 2009 	Very good hotel	This is the second time we've stayed at the Apex and the second time we've found it to be a very good place to stay. Rooms are fairly spacious, the first time we had (although we didn't realise) a superior room with extra space for a sofa and table, this time we had a standard room which still left enough spacce to move about although the truly enormous bed does take up a fair amount of room. Everywhere was clean, staff were efficient and polite and the bar snacks &amp; continental breakfast we had were nice. There were a few minor gripes, no shampoo in the bathroom on the first day, we had to remind the breakfast staff that we wanted toast each morning and the bar service one afternoon was non-existent. But, if that's all I can find to complain about then I consider myself very lucky!Location is good,and even the 7 tube lines disrupted by 'planned engineering works' didn't inconvience us too much. Highly recommended.	
Sep 28 2009 	An amazing hotel - exceeded expectations	There is nothing to fault about our stay at this hotel - staff were friendly and professional and the room was very clean, spacious and modern. Despite being minutes away from the tube station and some large roads, there was absolutely no noise within the room, with enough space between rooms so other guests can't be heard. We booked a budget room but there was definitely nothing &quot;budget&quot; about it! Bottled water and a variety of toiletries (replaced every day) were a nice touch. We really enjoyed our stay and will definitely be going back! A top hotel without the 5-star price tag - what more could you want?!	
Sep 28 2009 	Superb	Excellent hotel - rooms were great, clean and contemporary. Extras were nice - complimentary water, tea, coffee etc, full size ironing board, iron, and a fridge. Liked the touches, such as being able to play the TV into the bathroom, and the little rubber duck! Staff were pleasant and very helpful. I thoroughly recommend this hotel, the location is great for the underground, close to tower bridge and tower of London, and within walking distance of Southwark, St Pauls etc. Handy Pret a Manger next door, and a couple of bars close by, plus their own very nice restaurant and bar. Nice and quiet area. Couldn't have asked for better, surprised it's classed as 3 star on here, as it's probably best hotel I've stayed in for ages, within Europe &amp; US!	
Sep 27 2009 	Great staff	Very friendly staff and a good-sized comfortable room. Pleasant location (near St. Katherine's Dock).The only downside was that my room wasn't ready until 3.45 p.m. which was somewhat inconvenient. Recommended otherwise, however.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Value!	Was thoroughly impressed by the Apex--service was impeccable as was the room. The room safe didn't work on arrival and the maintenance guy replaced it straight away. Will definitely stay here again. Free bottles of water in the room is a nice touch-as is the choice of pillows on the bed (foam or goosedown)	
Sep 22 2009 	one of the best stays we had in London	excellent hotel..the staff is so helpful and pleasant. everything is modern, in excellent working order. the perks of telephone rates and free internet were greatly appreciated by this new york city couple. we ate several meals in the Addendum, and it was excellent and the room service is prompt and served very nicely.we had special needs over the weekend wherein we could not travel: it was a pleasure to be in our lovely suite (junior suite very nice) in this excellent hotel.we will stay there any time we are in London.	
Sep 21 2009 	Absolutely brilliant hotel	This was the best all round hotel that I have stayed in when visiting London. A total surprise, as I was not expecting it to be just as good as it was. Very modern and spotlessly clean, just a few hundred yards from Tower Hill underground station and the Tower of London. Within easy walking distance of St Katherine's Dock with it's many restaurants. Perfect for anyone visitng the eastern side of London.Upgraded to an executive room which was spacious and well equipped. If you are tired of tiny grubby hotel rooms then this is the place for you. Breakfast was excellent and this is the only hotel in England where the bacon is cooked properly. Usually you get a greyish pink limp offering on your plate masquerading as bacon {why can nobody else in England cook bacon properly?} but here it is crisp and delicious. It was accompanied by pancakes and maple syrup. PerfectThe staff were unbelievably good, with both receptionists helpful and professional, while the concierge was the best that I have experienced in the UK.We had tickets for Coldplay but I would have almost preferred to hang around the hotel!A terrific stop over and will definitely use it again.	
Sep 17 2009 	first class base to return to after a busy day's sightseeing	We spent 3 nights at the Apex and found the staff very helpful and courteous, the room very clean and spacious and the breakfasts were excellent. We couldn't have asked for any more and would certainly go back.	
Sep 10 2009 	Excellent design of rooms energy-saving elegant and trendy	Very neat and elegant decoration, full of all kinds of energy-saving ideas - light bulb, toilet flushing, etc.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great value for money	We paid 99£ for this hotel including breakfast and thought that the price was very fair. Our room was nice, clean and modern with a well equiped bathroom. The breakfast was good, all you could want like pastries, juices and lots of fruits except cooked things like sausages and eggs (which I don't like anyway so I didn't mind). Service is superb in this hotel: staff are extremely friendly and welcoming. Free WiFi in our room worked well too, so really no complaints at all. The hotel is not very centrally located, but you've got a tube station right around the corner (Tower Hill). This is where you want to stay if you don't have a massive budget and still want to enjoy some luxury.	
Sep 9 2009 	Superb Choice	Deciding to stay at the Apex London was a superb choice. Perfectly located only a short walk from Tower Hill station and the Tower of London it was readily accessible to all that London has to offer. At the same time the location was quiet being down the wonderfully named Seething Lane opposite a small park. The room was large by London standards and had a stylish, modern bathroom with a large bath and separate shower. The “rubber ducky” was a cute touch. The “king” bed was firm but comfortable. There was an ironing board and clothes iron and hair dryer and well stocked tea, hot chocolate and coffee options. There was a wide screen TV and wifi access. The only thing lacking was a clock or clock radio. The continental breakfast was better than most we have experienced in large hotels with great varieties of bread, fresh fruit, beverages and cheese along with generous special options such as smoked salmon. Cooked breakfasts were also available, but really not necessary to get a good start to the day.The hotel has a restaurant which we didn’t try, and there were lots of other eating options nearby and over the other side of the Thames after a short walk over Tower Bridge.There is also a gym which we were too busy to use.Staff was helpful and friendly, with special mentions going to the breakfast maitre de and the concierge. We stayed for six days and it was a nice touch when the breakfast maitre de remembered our name after the second day and our beverage order – and it is a large hotel. We are now on the road to Edinburgh and after our experience in London we are booked into the ‘Waterloo Place’ Apex there. One good piece of advice is to check the hotel specials before booking. We managed to get an off-season price in late summer.	
Sep 3 2009 	Apex is at the apex	Having a course for 5 days in London City is not a bad idea at all. Add to that the excellent hotel, and you can add those days to your holiday total. Apex staff were very helpful and Wi-Fi in the room was very good. (My room was 550). I had a technical problem the first time, at 23:00, but the receptionist and technician helped in no time.ROOM: Large, with twin bed, warm cover for my taste, but manageable. Large screen TV when trying to fall asleep or to wake up. Two phone sets, and free local calls helped when I used my Phone card. There were no open-able windows but the climate control was excellent, it could warm and cool, depending on your feel. This is important, as you usually get only one option, depending on the time of the year.BREAKFAST: The breakfast was continental, with plenty of fresh fruits (watermelon, melon - two varieties, strawberries and pineapple), smoked salmon, fruit or plain yoghurt, mortadella, ham, parmaham and Milanese sausage, cheddar, edam, ementaler, brie, various cereals, fresh apple and orange juice, white and full grain bread and deli. I hope I did not miss something, it was the same every morning, but I can not complain.LOCATION: 200m from Tower Hill tube station, 500m from Monument station. Walking distance to Fenchurch Train station and from bus stop for 15. It was very close to Tower of London. Reaching city centre could be a challenge since you have to change lines, but you could walk the last 500m. It has access for disabled.	
Sep 2 2009 	Top quality thoroughly professional and great value for money.	My fiance discovered this hotel on line and we based our booking on the outstanding reviews it had previously received. These were fully justified and our 3 night stay taking in the sights of London was superb. On checking in the staff at reception were particularly friendly and upgraded us to a luxury room at no extra cost! The room turned out to be fantastic with an extremely comfortable quality 6' bed, full sofa and a huge flat screen TV. The sound system even had speakers mounted in the ceiling of the bathroom! The sound insulation and black-out curtains ensured undisturbed nights of sleep and the whole place was spotlessly clean with a very high standard of decor. The linen was Egyptian cotton and there were even bath robes and slippers provided. The dining room was first class with discrete, friendly, cheerful and thoroughly professional staff and the continental breakfast splendid. Whilst this hotel is located only yards from the Tower of London it is some distance from the majority of London's 'sights' and 2 tube journeys from the West End theatres. This is the only aspect that we can criticise and we've tried hard to be as honest as possible. This hotel gets our 'thumbs-up' and is highly recommended.	
Sep 2 2009 	A hit in the City	Our first stay at the Apex City of London in August was most enjoyable.We were pleasantly surprised with a room upgrade, which unfortunately we weren't able to make the most of as we were out and about.The room was spacious, tastefully decorated, extremely comfortable and with a fantastic bathroom (big bath and separate walk in shower).The Tower Hill tube station is nearby, but we preferred to take the bus number 15, which takes you past St Paul’s cathedral right into central London, with the bonus of a few of the old buses which I miss so much!The staff was friendly and helpful.Highly recommended!	
Sep 1 2009 	Superb - Clean Great Location Spacious...generally Excellent	I chose this hotel after reading the Excellent reviews on here, and i wasn't disappointed!My girlfriend and I stayed for the night on Bank Holiday sunday whilst visiting the Natural History Museum and the Tate Modern. The location was perfect for us as we came into Fenchurch street, which is about 2 or 3 minutes walk away...its at the end of the road opposite The Grange Hotel (next to the back entrance of Fen Street), and is also about 5 minutes walk to Tower Hill Underground. As we had Travelcards we used the Underground to get South Kensington (11 stops on the District/Circle lines) for the Natural History Museum and also later in the evening to Leicester Square (6 stops to Embankment then 2 stops to Leicester Square). The following day we took a nice stroll along the Thames to the Tate Modern via the Millenium Bridge, i would say its about a 25 minute walk. As a few people have mentioned, we received a complimentary upgrade from City King Room to Superior Room, which we loved...it was very spacious, unfortunately the view wasn't but that didn't really bother us. We were very comfortable and loved the Bed, Bathroom, the big flatscreen TV (had the main Terrestrial channels aswell as Sky Sports 1,2 &amp; 3, plus the News channels and Foreign ones) and the general ammenties...aswell as the Rubber Duckie in the Bath too! The Bath was really big, and with myself being quite a big guy was really comfortable in it. The Shower was also huge, easily fitting 2 people in if that takes your fancy! We paid the general price for the hotel of £99 which didn't include breakfast, i thought this was a really reasonable price for a lovely hotel in a good location. I did see some deals later that did include breakfast for a similar price so would probably do that next time as i did think the breakfast was expensive (£12 or £13 i think)...we ended up just eating out across the road in the Wetherspoons pub (Liberty Bounds) which is about a 1 minute walk to the back entrance to the right as you leave the hotel, if you are happy with a Wetherspoons then i would suggest it as its one of the better ones i've been too, plus its cheap food and drink.I thought the receptionists and concierge were very friendly and helpful aswell, and was very impressed with the casual seating area (lots of sofas and comfy seats) where i saw people using the free Wi-Fi on their Laptops. We ended up taking our drinks from the Bar to our room, but would have easily been comfortable sitting there. Overall i would definately use this hotel again, as we both loved it! Plus after reading some positive reviews of the City Budget Rooms (Basement rooms), would consider this as the price is very reasonable! But i suppose if you are after a room with a view then this wouldn't be your thing.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent location	5 minutes walk from Tower Hill, located in the city of London. Reception (and bar area) very welcoming and modern.Room slightly on the small side with and old fashioned TV (LCD would be more appropriate) but bathroom area very roomy.Bar and restaurant get lively in the evening, slight downside was the 12.5% service charge on ordering drinks, although this is discretionary.Would recommend and would stay there again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Will most certainly be back again	stayed for 2 nights mid week while doing some tourist sights with my mum. Excellent location beside tower hill tube station. Hotel was tip top, bedroom has plently of space and the bathroom was huge and extremely clean, friendly staff, great choice of breakfast, couldn't fault our stay and would recommend to all :-)	
Aug 28 2009 	Just what I had hoped for	Good location for T of L, st.Pauls and can walk to Parliament square along the river, or the Eye. Tucked away. Most convenient .Everything very immaculate. Good cheap pub close and restaurants. People very nice.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent	Good location, quiet street, 5 mins from Tower Hill Station. Helpful staff, good size room, very clean and very good price. We will stay there again	
Aug 27 2009 	"Left to my own devices I definitely would...go again"	Can't fault the hotel for anything,We were attending a concert at the O2 arena so the location(round the corner from the Tower Gateway DLR) was perfect for us.Check in was executed as it should be,the Deluxe King Room was as described on the website and the Bar area at the front of the hotel had a nice atmosphere.My wife had a problem with her passport and the concierge dealt with the matter admirably.All in all a hotel that delivered the goods as per it's websites promise which is not always the case with other hotels we have encountered.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Location Perfect Rooms Really Nice Staff	This hotel is in a great location, just around the corner from Tower Hill station and the Tower of London.The rooms are very nice, they have an excellent interface for their TV's, it provides component video in, etc.	
Aug 26 2009 	Nice contemporary hotel	Nice contemporary hotel tucked away on a quiet street just by Tower Hill tube station. Friendly efficient check in with free upgrade which was a nice touch. The room although modern was lacking somewhat. Old fashioned huge TV and radio with manual search. Scuff marks on the wallpaper and skirting boards, The carpet was torn where furniture had been moved. However, the room was nicely decorated with contemporary furnishing and bedding. The bathroom had a separate walk in shower big enough for two and bath. Nice toiletries and plenty of them. The toilet seat was round and very uncomfortable (we both thought so). I presume this was just a quirk of this room but to flush the toilet took huge effort and muscle power. (room 610) There is a fridge in the room but nothing in it. It is handy for storing snacks or drinks. Generally it was very quiet for a London hotel, but there is construction going on nearby which started at 0700 in the morning. Also there seemed to be quite a lot of after party noise around 0200 in the morning, not sure if it was from the hotel or local bars but it did last quite a while. Continental breakfast is minimal and really not worth getting out of bed for. The only member of staff who was unfriendly was the man who greeted us (grudgingly) and showed us to our table. Everyone else was friendly, professional and efficient. We had difficulty accessing wireless internet in our room and used the meeting area in the lobby free they even brought us an extension lead to charge our laptops without being asked. Overall I would recommend this hotel. However, be aware it is a bit pricey and there is not much going on in the way of nightlife or convenience stores as this is in the city and therefore geared for the business traveller. Very handy for the Tower of London.	
Aug 26 2009 	Clean comfortable good value.	Booked this hotel for 4 nights with 1800hotels at a great price which included the continental breakfast. We checked in at noon the day we arrived and pleasantly found our room to be available. We had a comfortable and quiet room (looked like this was an expansion that was part of an old church that looked down into a courtyard) with a king-size bed, flat screen television, large bathroom with full-size shower and separate tub, and most importantly air conditioning as it was very hot and dry during our stay.The continental breakfast was very good including deli meats, cheeses, smoked salmon (during the weekday), yogurt, granola, juice, coffee, and a variety of baked goods. A separate menu to order from was available but completely unnecessary.The staff bent over backwards to ensure we were happy. Since the Circle line (Underground nearest the hotel) was closed for construction during the weekend, we relied on double decker buses to get around then and the staff was very accommodating to help us find the bus routes that ran 24 hours to get around town, even calling their information line for us to answer questions.The only negative was the tube closure near the hotel over the weekend. However, the hotel is a 5 minute walk to an alternate stop (Bank) and bus service was extremely convenient as taxis are very expensive in London.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Hotel - Modern Building 	Stayed her as a surprise for my girlfriends’ birthday. The hotel was very clean and the staffs are very friendly.Stayed in a “Superior King Room”, this was very nice. Separate bath and shower.The only disappointing part of the whole weekend, was the breakfast. Continental options were very limited and the main breakfast wasn’t much; small beans, one sausage, mushroom and 2 eggs, personally not worth the £15.There are many café’s/pubs within a couple of minutes of the hotel, so would use them the next time we stay.	
Aug 24 2009 	Beautiful Trendy Central Located and Brilliant Service (accommodating a Coeliac)	Travelling from Australia I was in transit for 30 hours and absolutely exhausted. My flights landed very early in London (6am) and by the time I got through immigration I was on the way to my hotel just after 8am, hoping desperately that they would allow me to check into my room early as all I needed was a shower and just a little sleep to peep up (note, check-in is 2.30pm). The staff was very accommodating and whilst a room wasn't immediately available, I waited in the lounge for a little less than an hour while they made up a room. Initially I thought my 'city king' room was a little small, but it was really well fit-out and actually quite comfortable meeting all my needs (especially the ensuite having a separate walk in shower and bath, which came in handy when soaking my sore feet after a day of walking around London.My main concerns about travelling to Europe this time, was my dietary requirements thinking that I would need to ensure I was carrying some gluten free products at all times (especially touring the other European countries) yet, I was absolutely astounded when I asked the waitress, in the hotel restaurant at breakfast if they had gluten free bread and they did. Providing it to me with no additional charge. Note for other coeliacs, as it was early Sunday in the business district when I got my act together, the local tescos was closed although waitrose supermarket was only a short 15-20 min walk was open by 11am for me to obtain some gluten free snacks for on the road. They had a small centralized selection of bread, rolls, ready-made cakes, muesli, rice-cakes &amp; snack bars. I also checked out Tesco’s the following day which didn’t appear to have as many options. I did quite a bit of research considering where to book my initial accommodation as I joined a tour 3 days after arriving in London - whether to stay at the hotel where my tour leaves from, which would have been convenient but had mainly terrible reviews or stay central to London and make my way to the set-off point on the day of the tour. The reviews won me over with booking this hotel &amp; they were very well justified. I can confirm the pictures of the hotel on the website are very current. My tour departed early Tuesday morning at 6.30am in Victoria and therefore I had the concierge organize my cab to collect me at 6am and he was also kind enough to organize my breakfast to be delivered to my room at 5.45 (15 mins before they officially start delivering breakfast and 45 mins before the restaurant is even open for breakfast) - Again another brilliant example of the staff going out of their way to accommodate their guest. I was very grateful &amp; very impressed. I ended up booking my accommodation directly through the Apex Hotel website - as a short break package which included a continental breakfast every morning and saved me around $50AUD a night compared with booking through either expedia.com or wotif.com (which didn’t have a breakfast inclusion). Overall I have stayed in a lot of different hotels around the world and this one is truly world class without blowing the budget. I would definitely stay here again and recommend all to do so….	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent stay	Just had a very enjoyable stay at the Apex, chosen because of the reviews on this site. We stayed just one night, and found the staff, room and service hard to fault. The feel is modern, with some nice views towards The Gherkin. The hotel is within a two minute walk from Tower Hill tube, and close to the Tower of London. The location is quiet, a couple of pubs close by.Our room was 'superior', we got a free upgrade, and was not huge, but was perfect for two.	
Aug 24 2009 	Just fantastic	Just returned from a weekend stay here and have nothing but praise for the place.The location was great - 2 mins walk from Tower Hill tube for easy access to the whole of London and being in the &quot;city&quot; it was very quiet at night.We booked the Deluxe King room on the top floor, which was fantastic. It was so nice to have a modern hotel room for a change, rather than the typical old fashioned rooms one gets used to. The view out of our window over Tower Bridge was especially good - and all for about the same price as a basic box room in the west end. Look no further.	
Aug 23 2009 	An appalling experience at the Apex City of London	This weekend travelled to London with a friend for an event hosted at the Google Headquarters.We booked our stay at the Apex City of London on the basis of the excellent reviews it had on Trip Advisor. Unfortunately from the moment we arrived our expectations were wholly subverted and the service just wet downhill.We had booked our reservation online in a Superior room but had been promised an upgrade to a Deluxe room due to a mistake in advising us on the size of the room by the hotel's online customer service advisor - my friend and I required separate beds, or at the very least a sofa bed; we had been told the Superior room would fulfil both these needs, but then after double checking via phone I was told this was incorrect, and was eventually offered an upgrade to a deluxe room. On arrival at the hotel we were told that the room had not yet been paid for, despite providing credit card details when initially booking. It turned out that the credit card details were only taken to reserve a room for us, and no payment had been taken. However, if we did not turn up to the hotel, it would be magically possible to bill the card, according to the wonderful lady at reception. This would have not been a major issue, apart from the fact that as the trip was not being paid for by ourselves, we did not have the credit card. We told the lady at reception (initially served by Aga, and then passed onto another female colleague, whose name I do not know) that we had had a visit to Harrods arranged by one of the store manager's and asked whether it would be possible to store our luggage whilst we visit the store, before it closed, as it would be rather pointless for us sitting there waiting for the person paying for the trip to email the hotel with the card details. However, this request was refused, surprising considering the excellent customer service that the hotel's reviews often mention. So as we waited for the card details to be emailed, we sat at the hotel bar, offered no drink or snacks, let alone a glass of tap water. I returned to the reception desk on two occasions to check whether the information had been emailed, to hear the receptionist (the second one that served us, not Aga) talk to someone on the phone she addressed 'darling' multiple times, giving me the impression that this was a personal, and inappropriate call, but then what do I know.. This happened twice and I was kept waiting each time for her to finish the call before checking the email. Eventually as the email came in, and I complained about the delay once more, I was told that I would have been able to leave the luggage at reception and return later - she forgot to mention this when I originally asked. Well, thanks to this receptionist's utter incompetence we were delayed by an hour and a half.Finally as the card details arrived, I checked twice to confirm that our room had been upgraded to a deluxe room, and this was confirmed by the concierge on duty at the time, and both the receptionist's that served me - I thought to myself that at least they had got one thing right. So we went up to our 'deluxe' room on the sixth floor...\At first glance the room was just 'okay', it would do as a standard room, but for a room they describe as 'deluxe' it was not up to scratch. On a quick inspection of the review the bathroom counter had marks on it and there was a brown stain on the curtain. Other than this the linen was good, although the pillows were too soft; the TV was very small, surprising as the hotel website described their TVs as being widescreen and with a Bose surround sound system in Deluxe room. Kindly, the hotel had included two bottles of water in the room too - they didn't last long as neither my friend or I had drank anything since arriving at the hotel, put off by the extortionate prices the hotel charged for even water - it would have been nice to have been offered a drink during our delay. Whilst mentioning the room, I want to compliment the lady in housekeeping who cleaned our room on both days - she did an excellent job, and was always polite and friendly when we passed by her.However, the room description clearly did not meet that on their website for deluxe rooms, so I contacted reception by phone just to confirm we were put in the right room, which we apparently were.After returning that evening the staff at reception had changed, and we were greeted by a gentleman who was very friendly and polite - a nice contrast to the staff I had previously met. When we reached the room, we realised we had forgot toothpaste, and the gentleman at reception said he'd bring some up to the room. We also then decided to order a DVD (there is a nice selection) and called reception to order one; the person at reception told me to ask the person who delivered the toothpaste, which I found a bit rude considering he would be sent down 6 floors and then up again, and thought considering it had only been a minute since requesting the toothpaste, it could have been done in one trip. Anyway, the toothpaste soon arrived and it was personally delivered by the polite gentleman we had earlier met at reception, I mentioned the DVD to him and apologised for making him make a second trip, but he was very polite, and friendly - excellent.After spending Saturday at Google (we arrived on Friday evening) on arrival at the hotel the receptionist who first served us, Aga, hurray. I decided to ask her about the room again, because the website clearly said the deluxe room had a Bose surround system, and from what I could see there were no speakers whatsoever. She confirmed this was correct, and then told me that we had not been put in a deluxe room, despite yesterday confirming we had. I told her that she herself had confirmed we were being put in a deluxe room, but she repeatedly told me that she did not remember this (if any hotel manager is reading this perhaps you could check the memory of your staff before hiring them in the future, it always helps). I eventually spoke to another gentleman, Gaurav, who was very apologetic and polite.After going up the room I called to speak to Gaurav again and told him about the other problems we had experienced as well - he was again very apologetic and said that as no manager as available he couldn't esculate our complaint till Monday (we were checking out on Sunday morning). He said that he could upgrade us into a deluxe room immediately but we decided there was little point as it was already 11PM and we were checking out in the morning. He sent us up two glasses of complimentary wine, which was nice of him. He also offered to upgrade our stay next time we visited, but, quite frankly, I won't be visiting again - but is that really a surprise?So there you go, that's my stay at the Apex City of London. It certainly didn't live up to the 4 stars it has and the many positive reviews it has on this website. I had to deal with several utterly incompetent members of their staff, and other than the housekeeping lady, the gentleman who brought our DVDs up, and Gaurav, the service we experienced was, and on this note will conclude with my opinion of the entire stay, dismal.	
Aug 21 2009 	Very pleasant stay	Everything is Ok with this hotel. Clean, luxurious, continental breakfast very rich, free Wi-Fi, Complimentary newspapers, room service, location.Would recommend and would stay again!	
Aug 20 2009 	Great hotel base for seeing London and coming back to your own relaxing space.	We stayed here in a City King room based on the reviews of this site and I wasn't disappointed at all! The room was just around the corner from the Tower Tube Station and made life easy getting to anywhere in the city (we bought a 3 day Tube pass, so we hopped on and off it all day). The Tower of London and the nice river walk is very close. When we arrived in London after traveling 18 hours with no sleep, I didn't think I was going to have the energy to do anything that first day. After checking into our hotel, taking a shower (nice shower and bathroom) and a little nap in the comfy bed I was ready to go. First stop was the Tower of London since it was right there (get the 2-4-1 deal on the web). I enjoyed the location and the nearby pubs (financial district felt safe, even at night). It was nice to relax after a long day of running around London. The bed, A/C, bathroom, and shower were great. The staff was also wonderful and really helpful. We did have the continental included and I found it to be very filling, and was a healthy start to the day. We didn't order from the menu, so I can't comment on that other than did look a bit expensive, but that's just London. We saved my money for nice dining experience elsewhere in the country during our trip and ate at the hotel for breakfast, cafes for lunch and pub for dinner. We was on the 7th floor, so I outside on the walk around I had a great view of the Tower Bridge (especially at night with all the lights).If I had any &quot;non-positives&quot;, it would be the room wasn't very big. It was just big enough to get around in, but it did have a corner chair, a desk and a nice flat screen TV on the wall. There was a good sized closet, small frig and a safe. I went to London with the impression of the rooms being average to small sized compared to other places, so I wasn't surprised. The bathroom was a nice size though, bigger than my guest bathroom at home by far.HINT- Watch their website for deals and book way ahead of time. We got a great deal and saved 50% with a promotion that was going on.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful Hotel One Block From Tower of London	We arrived at Gatwick at 6:30am this past June 10, 2009, and had arranged for London Country Tours to transfer us to Apex City London. We dropped our luggage at the hotel and had a short half a block walk to the Tower of London. They checked us in and held our luggage in a secure area until our return. The bell service was outstanding, and were a great help on our departure as well, that included calling our transportation service when they were a bit late picking us up. We spent a few hours at Tower of London, and returned to Apex City to relax in our rooms; we had booked two rooms. One for the teenagers, and one for the adults.The rooms were clean, and spacious, with a large bathroom with separate bath and shower. There was an outlet to convert to our 120v for a shaver, as well as overhead speakers from the TV if wanted; I have never encountered that in a hotel bathroom before. The supplied shampoo, conditioner and lotion were in large 125ml bottles. The rooms had free wifi service, a small refrigerator, iron and ironing board, hairdryer, and a digital safe. The service of our room was outstanding.The continental breakfast included a tray of cold cuts, salmon, and cheeses, as well as fruit, cereal and pastries; more than adequate for us to eat in the morning. Walking towards the Tower, there were at least three pubs, two of which had good food menues. Two to three blocks in the other direction takes one to the Fenchurch Train Station, and Fenchurch Street were I was able to find a Jessop's Camera Store to purchase a battery charger for my camera. There are a couple ATM's at bank branches there as well. Fenchurch Station had a drug store for toiletries and softdrinks and water, and if one really had to have american fast food...a Burger King.The location was great for our purposes in proximity to The Tower of London. Besides the Tower tour, we had arranged tickets for The Ceremony of the Keys at the Tower . The ceremony was over by 11pm, and it was a short walk to our hotel after it was over. Transportation to the rest of London was quite easy from the Tower Hill Tube Station two blocks away, or the Thames River Boat that has a stop at The Tower of London pier. The boat trip up the Thames to Westminster Pier by Big Ben was a nice sightseeing tour from the river. We had been asked why we would pick the East End as opposed to West End of London to stay, and the proximity to the Tower of London was the answer. The Apex City London provided us a quiet, modern hotel for our chosen location by the Tower of London, and insured that our vist to London would be filled with many fond memories on this first stop on our European vacation.	
Aug 17 2009 	Lovely Hotel Fantastic Value for Money in a Great Location	The fact that this hotel gets such great reviews made the choice of staying here very easy. I have always stayed in budget accommodation when visiting London before but got such an excellent rate for the Apex I went ahead and booked it for 2 nights. The hotel is in a great location just a very short walk to Tower Hill underground station and very easy to find. It is in a great location for the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, St. Paul’s etc. I stayed here on the weekend so I imagine this area of London is probably much quieter than it would be mid week which isn’t altogether a bad thing. Checking in was straight forward and hassle free. My room was located on the top floor of the hotel. Didn’t have any spectacular views but the room was lovely and very bright, had a very comfortable bed and the bathroom was lovely with a separate bath tub and shower and generous sized toiletries were provided. I didn't spend an awful lot of time in the hotel.Breakfast was included in my rate but only a continental breakfast I was told when I arrived down in the morning and if I wanted an English breakfast I was told I had to pay extra. This annoyed me a little. So I just had the continental breakfast and I felt there could have been a much better selection to choose from at the buffet. The breakfast room was a little on the small side and filled up very quickly but it was nice and bright and the staff were very pleasant.	
Aug 14 2009 	Book Now!	Excellent accommodation and well located. Staff are friendly and helpful - Tube and Tower of London on the doorstep. If dining out there is a good choice of restaurants within walking distance either side of Tower Bridge.Loved the rubber duck!!	
Aug 14 2009 	Conveniently located to major sites with lovely accomodations.	I was not certain the Apex would live up to it's online photos and praises, however I need not have doubted. It was even more beautiful than I had hoped. I loved it's sleek, minimalist decor throughout. What a lovely new age look amidst the old, historical buildings all around. We did not avail ourselves of the restaurant or room service as we preferred to experience all of the nuances available to us about town. Should we have, I have no doubt the food at the Apex' Addendum, would have been every bit as outstanding as the rest of the hotel, albeit a bit pricey compared to the local pub specials we enjoyed.	
Aug 14 2009 	fine but not amazing	The hotel was modern, clean and fresh. Breakfast was very good. Staff pleasant and very helpful. A nice hotel but perhaps a little too business orientated the bar area is small and not very atmospheric. Nice room though with some nice touches. Good location. Room service menue was a bit limited.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent City of London Business Hotel	Very nice quality hotel in a very conveient location for the City of London. Also not badly placed for tourists as the Tower of London is just nearby, along with good transport links to the rest of London.Check-in was not great though - they put us in a smoking room without asking us. But when I complained they upgraded us to a nicer room to apologise. Apparently the whole 2nd floor is smoking, so watch out for that. Also that first room was very dark, so try and get a room higher up!Our upgraded deluxe room was very nice (see attached pictures from phone). Widescreen (CRT) tv, free internet (ok speed) and a big bathroom with separa shower. The bed was super-king, but a bit uncomfortbale (could feel the springs). Room service was ok quality and delivered quickly. Lots of good chain restaurants in the surrounding area.	
Aug 13 2009 	No internet access! If you need to stay in-touch choose an alternative.	The Hotel is ok. Booked through 800-Hotels and received free breakfast. We used &quot;Addison Lee&quot; for LimoService for 76,00 from Heathrow, clean &amp; fair. Location is a bit off the usual tourist tour, plan an extra 10,00/taxi trip to get to the PicCirc. Unreliable (free?) Internet Service proved to be very frustrating. They were unable to solve the problem. We need to be in touch around the clock. Too bad.	
Aug 12 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	I was quite skeptical when I booked the hotel. After numerous reviews of dozen and dozens of London hotels, I had an impression that there is no way to get a nice hotel, with decent size of rooms and bathrooms, with A/C and in good location at my price range. I was so delighted when I entered my room at Apex of London. Very modern, clean and beautifully designed, good size of the room and bathroom. Bathroom had a bath tub and separate shower with all the modern appliances, granite counters, and big size toiletries. Free WiFi! Location just great – close walking distance to the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, and Themes River walk. Bus, Tour buses and tube stops just around the corner, and also river boats just next to the Tower. Nice restaurant downstairs and bar. Surprisingly quiet place although just steps from the major busy street. All the staff was very attentive and pleasant. Will definitely stay again. Planning trip to Edinburgh, hope Apex hotels there are as good.	
Aug 10 2009 	Lovely room friendly staff 	The hotel is located right by the Tower of London and lots of restaurants, pubs and cafes. The hotel staff were unfailingly helpful and friendly; we arrived too early to check into a room on our first day but were able to leave our bags and when we returned that evening we were told that we had been checked in as soon as a room became available so all we had to do was to take our key and head straight to a room. Breakfast is served in a nice café / lounge area which looks out onto a small park opposite the hotel. The room we stayed in was spacious, with a huge bath and huge shower and even came equipped with a rubber duck.	
Aug 10 2009 	Believe the reviews - this place is good	On 20 July 2009 we stayed just one night at the Apex and were delighted with both the hotel and the service we received. The location is good at just 2 mins from Tower Hill tube station. The double room we had was well equipped with a good firm bed. The iron and ironing board in the room is a useful touch. The air-con is good for the summer months. The hotel has good facilities for leaving luggage before check-in and after check-out. All staff were professional and friendly. We'll absolutely use this hotel again.	
Aug 10 2009 	best hotel I have stayed in in London to date great value and service	Convenient yet relatively peaceful location. Great rooms and excellent service - nothing too much trouble.I ate alone in the restaurant and did not feel uncomfortable -very reasonable prices for London and better quality than most hotels I have stayed in.	
Aug 10 2009 	A lovely contemporary hotel with friendly staff	We stayed one night in the Apex hotel in London. Our new favourite hotel!BookingWe booked on the Apex website and got a superior room with cooked breakfasts for £140 for the night. This was about the same price as the cheaper websites.I did not receive my email confirmation for my room ao I used their “Webchat” facility to confirm my booking, which allows you to speak to a very friendly operative. Very useful.LocationThe hotel is next to London Tower, it has all the transport links near and is accessbale by the circle line, but unfortunately for us there was maintenance works on the tube during our stay and the closest station (Tower Hill) was closed, meaning a longer walk. a lesson learnt would be to check the travel information before you book, especially if you have difficualty walking far.Check-InStaff were very friendly and happy to help. We arrived early and they did their best to get us a room quickly. As none were available we were happy to leave our bags and go out sightseeing until later. When we came back they had a room waiting for us. Check-in was smooth and they offered to take our bags to our room for us.RoomWe had a superior double and it was lovely. It was situated in the new annex and had a contemporary feel. The room was a generous size, bigger than most hotels we have stayed at in London, and had a window that stretched the full height and length of the wall. We had a generous, very comfy, double bed (my boyfriend noted that it was the best sleep in a hotel he has had!), lots of wardrobe space, a hairdryer, tea, coffee and hot chocolate, biscuits, shoeshine, sewing kit, a desk with lamp, 52” plasma TV with digital channels, free water and a massive en-suite. The bathroom had all the freebies, and had a huge shower/wet room and a free standing bath. Lots of towels were also available. More importantly though it was clean.BreakfastWe had ordered the cooked breakfast at time of booking and my partner had the full English which looked lovely and not greasy and I had poached eggs on toast. My only complaint was no salt in the water when they poached the eggs, but I can live with that. We also could help ourselves from the buffet, which had the usual hams, cheeses, cereals, pastries, bread and fruit. What was on offer was very nice but not loads of choice, so I am glad we went for the hot option to. But it would have been more than adequate. Overall we had a lovely stay and would definately return.	
Aug 9 2009 	APEX or Average ?	Are standards at Apex lowering ?The near by building site is causing noise and disturbance for some months to come.They want full payment in advance.VAT extra.Dont expect help with your bags.We paid for a superior room , but it did not show.Looked dull and cheap.(Room 220)Draws in wardrobe faulty , one poor arm chair ,one bar of soap for first 5 days had to be moved between basin ,bath ,and shower.Cheap towels .Bathroom speaker for TV sound was good.Old TVHad to ask for robes and slippers , slippers too cheap.Smallish lifts , public spaces too hot .Breakfast room still not working smoothly .Coffee and toast poor , expect the fresh bread to run out. Good free newspaper supply except at weekend .Ate dinner on a Sunday never again . Room menu dull.So not on top form ,looks more like good 3 star.Lets hope for better in November when the second of 3 London Apex hotels opens.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location!	This hotel is in a great location, easy to get to from Paddington, we were impressed with rooms, service and attention to detail. Staff very efficient and friendly. Rooms very high standard, lots of nice extras like, robes, slippers, lovely toiletries, nibbles. Breakfast was included in room price and was great ,Continental, smoked salmon, cheeses, croissants, yoghurt etc. We were so tired after walking around London for 2 days we stayed in on last night and hired a DVD from an extensive range at hotel ( no charge for this ). We visited Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square ( to see Blood Brothers..Amazing! ), Covent Garden, Mayfair and on last morning lovely walk down to Tate Modern via Tower Bridge. Getting around was so easy from Location, bought a one day Zone 1 card ( can use on train and bus) cost approx £5.60 and used it over and over to hop on and off tube to various locations. Only wished we could stay longer, but will definitely return to hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great place to stay	My husband &amp; I together with our 15mth old recently stayed here for 3 nights and have to say it is one of the best hotels we've stayed at considering the price. We got a special prepay rate which included contintental breakfast for 135 pounds.We had booked a deluxe room but as I had requested a rollaway bed for the little one they contacted me and told me they would be downgrading us as the standard room (99pounds per night) actually had a sofa bed which they would make up for us. They then refunded the difference without delay. On arriving we unfortunately couldn't go straight to the room but they took our bags for us and when we returned at the time they said, the room was ready. Even though the sofa bed was made up the room still felt quite spacious and made us wonder what were we missing in the deluxe room! As previous reviewers have said the bathroom is a decent size with plenty of toiletries. Lovely butter biscuits &amp; cookies to accompany your tea, complimentary water and the fridge was great for us as it meant we could have cold milk for our little one when required.Staff were all very friendly and even though we were the exception having a toddler, it wasn't a problem. Continental breakfast more than adequate, even if we have seen more impressive ones. The only other negative I can think of is that our room didn't have a lot of natural light as the window was tiny and also it got very hot so we had to constantly have the aircon on which was quite noisy. Apart from that the rooms are well soundproofed and we didn't hear anything - and I'm a very light sleeper.If we ever have to stay in London again we'll definitely stay here. There's a little park opposite the hotel and a bigger one a minutes walk. Tower Hill tube station 2 mins and Tower Gateway a 5mins walk (which is great if like us you fly into London City). Although it is in the City area and a lot of places do close at the weekends, there are a number of restaurants within a couple of minutes walking distance still open at weekends - especially at St Katherine's Quay which is only about 10mins from the hotel. I definitely would recommend this hotel!	
Aug 4 2009 	Highly recommended	Getting a decent hotel in London without spending a fortune can be a real problem. I would highly recommend the Apex. It is a located in the City but the Tube is 100m away so getting anywhere is not a problem... there are a lot of attractions nearby anyway such as The Tower ( just across the road), Tower Bridge, St Paul's etc. and its close to the Docklands railway so convenient for Greenwich.The rooms are much better than any similarly rated hotels I've stayed in in London. They are large, clean and modern with fridge, flat screen TV etc.Staff are very helpful ( ask them about transport to and from Heathrow)	
Aug 3 2009 	Lovely hotel in a good location	We stayed at this hotel for our tenth wedding anniversary and we had a lovely weekend. The weekend started with a delayed flight but this 3 hr delay was all forgotten when we got to the hotel. It was close to Liverpool Street Station (where we arrived on the Stansted Express) so we walked. It was about 5 mins walk from the Tower of London and Tower Hill tube station. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the room was spacious and clean. Everything we needed was in the room, including a fridge and an ironing board and iron. The only food we had from the hotel was a light breakfast in our room but there were no complaints there, it arrived on time and was exactly what we asked for. We made use of the extensive list of DVDs to hire (free). We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 3 2009 	good location and value	We stayed here in the weekend from 31 july till august 2nd. The cabdriver couldn't find the hotel at first, because it's a new hotel and because the surrounding streets and buildings are under construction a lot at the moment. When we got there we saw a nice hotel with a handsome interior. Our room was spacious and the bed was large and really nice. The bathroom was also good with a seprate bath and shower. The service in the hotel was also good, and guests receive a complimentary newspaper everyday which was nice. The bars and shops in the area were closed on Saturday and Sunday, so we had to walk a bit or take a cab to find somewhere to eat, but the location was still good. The hotel is right next to the underground station Tower Hill and next to the Tower of London and the Tower Bridge. Would stay here next time!	
Aug 2 2009 	Best hotel in London	Arrived early to find very friendly staff welcoming us. Wanted to leave bags, but were told we had been upgraded AND we could get straight into the room! Brilliant.And what a fab room it was. Luxuriously decorated with a very large bed and lots of pillows. The luxury carried forward into the bathroom with a HUGE bath and a seperate walk-in shower room, and lots of lovely toiletries.A large flatscreen TV and a mini fridge completed it all. We did have a hiccup (our fault) when it got to 11pm and we realised we'd forgotten toothpaste, but a quick call to reception sorted us out and within 5 minutes they were at the door with a couple of small dental travel kits.We didnt have breakfast but with a Wetherspoons so near, we didnt require it. Plus the pub also serves food right up to 10pm...good news for us as we didnt get back until 9.30pm.Other positives include being 5 minutes away from a tube station, and about the same again to the open top Bus Tour, Tower of London and London Bridge.Brilliant area, superb hotel, fantastic staff. Even my cynical hubby said he wouldnt stay in any other London hotel now. Nuff said!	
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent	London City ApexFrom the off we were welcomed to the hotel by very friendly reception staff and to our surprise were given a free upgrade to the best room type in the hotel. I guess that since it was Friday all the business guests had left hence free upgrade.The room was huge with large super kingsize bed, 32 inch flat screen, and massive wardrobes. Only minor down side was the view from our room, at the top of the hotel, looked onto a building site. We weren’t in London for the view from our hotel so didn’t matter a jot.The bathroom was again huge and very luxurious. A deep single bath, walkin shower and full height frosted external window added to the feel of the hotel. Toiletries were excellent though unfortunately at 125ml we couldn’t take them on the plane with us.At just over £100 for the room in London, the quality suggests this is a steal. Sure you have to take a tube to get there. But who cares when you get a spotlessly clean room you might not get in a hotel in the centre of London costing double the price and nowhere nearly as clean of good quality.We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 1 2009 	must stay here if in london	lovely rooms with great room service twice daily!! all staff very helpful and polite- great location 2 min walk from tube. Upgraded us has it was our 1st wedding anniversary- amazing room!!	
Jul 31 2009 	I totally agree with all these other reviews.	I had high expectations after reading all the reviews on this hotel. My husband and I were above satisfied with our stay at Apex of London. We had a deluxe room overlooking a little park across the street. Location - Because this is in the business district, many places close early around the hotel. We had a difficult time finding somewhere to eat around 8-9pm, but then I remembered that another reviewer said that there are plenty of options across the water. That was true, and it's an easy walk to get there. Still, note that some places stop serving food by or even before 10pm. Overall, the location of the hotel is still great for easy sightseeing, and a quiet night's rest.Room - Our room had a couch and coffee table and we had no issue with space at all.Amenities - There were slippers, robes, and an iron and ironing board. In one closet there was a kettle with coffee, tea, and a pack of hot cocoa. I can't stand it when hotels fill their mini-fridges full of expensive items. Well at Apex, also greeting us in the closet were a few snacks(Pringles, jelly beans, cookies) that weren't replaced everyday, but was still a very nice touch. Plus, there is an EMPTY mini fridge which was very handy for storing extra drinks and whatever else you wanted cold. Like others said, the bathroom toiletries are huge (shampoo, conditioner, lotion and body wash). We stayed for 3 nights and we didn't even use up half the bottles - they are over 4 ounces each! I would think this is a huge expense for the hotel, but it's certainly generous and different. The fitness room was also very, very nice, and on the larger side of hotel gyms. I never saw anyone use it though. We also took advantage of the free in-room wifi. If you need to print something, there is a printer in the lobby that is free of charge too. We also borrowed a dvd one night from their dvd library which was fairly large. To our surprise, they also have a few 'adult' dvds, but note that you will have to ask for it, and sign it out.Staff - Like others have said, friendly and super helpful. There was an issue with the lobby printer when we were trying to use it, and one of the staff behind the counter let us immediately use his computer and printer to get what we needed.Breakfast - The continental breakfast that is included in some bookings consists of various danishes, loaves of bread on a breadboard, about 4 different kinds of dry cereal, a couple kinds of dried fruits, platters of fresh cut fruit, glasses of various yogurts, platters of cold cheeses and cold cut meats. They bring you a personal pot of coffee or tea to your table, as well as toast. We found the continental breakfast to be very satisfying so we never upgraded to a hot breakfast, but on our last day which was a Sunday, they were offering the hot English or Scottish breakfast for no extra charge. Not sure if that's a regular Sunday occurrence or not.It was an awesome stay, and our high expectations were thoroughly met!	
Jul 31 2009 	Four Star Hotel with Five Star Service	I stayed at this hotel on TripAdvisor recommendation and it was all of that. The room was excellent (I was upgraded to a superior room as it was our anniversary). The service was friendly and helpful, from Check-In through the stay to Check-Out. The breakfast was excellent, though a little pricy if you went or the Braveheart Breakfast. I am always up for a challenge. the location was quiet but only 5 minutes walk from Tower Hill Tube Station. For me personally, the quiet was worth being removed from the Centre of London. For some, it might be a little too far away from the hubbub of the City. The only downside of the stay was that I had my daughter and boyfriend join us for the evening and when we asked whether we could have a pot of coffee and some tea at 11.15 pm on the Sunday, we were told there was no bar service and we could find tea and coffee in our room. The Service Notes stated that there would be bar service until 11.30 pm. That was the only hiccup in an otherwise perfect stay.	
Jul 28 2009 	I hated to leave!	This is by far the best hotel or B&amp;B I've stayed at in London, and I travel here regularly. Their international staff are impressive - from the quick to assist bellmen to the friendly and helpful reception personnel - and In particular, the breakfast staff, whose warm smiles make you feel right at home in the mornings. And the breakfasts were well above the norm in quality and taste! I particularly enjoyed smoked salmon on toasted but and grain bread, and Greek yoghurt with fresh whole berries in parfait cups.The entire hotel has a fabulous, calm ambiance, with muted colors, good lighting and stylish furniture. Just walking in the corridor had a wonderful rich feel. The workout room was also well equipped.The room had a super comfortable bed, 4 pillows and a duvet I didn't want to move from each morning. Layout, lighting, fabrics, furniture and bath facilities were both functional and fostered a totally relaxed feeling. The free in-room wireless worked perfectly. Plush towels, spa toiletries and the rubber ducky in the tub was a cute extra in the bath.The location is superb for restaurants, the Tower, walking along the river and accessing other parts of London. After 3 nights, it was a disappointment to leave - the accomodations and the friendly personnel! A fantastic base in London.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent location friendly staff service as it should be.	We booked in expecting a windowless room as we'd gone for the cheapy rate. We got a room on the 7th floor which has access to a balcony with great views over Tower Bridge. The room was clean, nicely finished and had free access to a list of DVDs. We didn't get to use these as we were out all night. Breakfast was attentive, the continental included fruits and yoghurts or you could opt for a menu item. We managed to leave property in the room but one phone call to concierge on our way home got them back in the post to us. There is no parking but this is fairly normal in Central London. Concierge have maps of nearby secure parking.	
Jul 22 2009 	Luxury at budget prices	We spent a weekend in the Apex in London, we had previously stayed in a sister hotel in Edinburgh and thought it was fabulous so when we decided to go to London it was the obvious choice. The hotel is in a good location a few minutes from Tower Hill tube station. The reception area and staff were both impressive, there was never any trouble helping with luggage or calling a taxi. The rooms are well appointed, slightly smaller than those in Edinburgh but still comfortable, there was also a good selection of toiletries in the bathroom which was unexpected for the room rate we paid. We had some cocktails in the hotel bar; they were delicious though slightly overpriced but nothing too outrageous, just hotel prices.I have recommended this hotel to friends.	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel for value location service and cleanliness.	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel for a weekend break, it was very good value for money for a 4 star Hotel in London. We have stayed at other London Hotels and paid much more, but this one had the lot, price, location, service and cleanliness. We would definately go back. There are several pubs and restaurants in the immediate area so if you don't want to stay in for food and drink it won't be a problem (Weatherspoons is just round the corner, and a full English breakfast for £3.99 is a bargain). Butlers Wharf, just over Tower Bridge is also worth a visit for Restaurants and shops. Tower Hill tube station is only a 3 Minute walk away.The local area is also good, felt quite safe walking out at night (some areas in London can be a bit dodgy). One thing we noticed was that some of the smaller local pubs and restaurants did not open Sat and Sun, they probably make enough money in the week from their business customers who work in the local offices.	
Jul 17 2009 	Excellent - will be back	After a lot of research we decided on this hotel. We stayed in the budget rooms which are in the basement. They were absolutely devine. I could have moved in! The only downside, which I knew anyway, was that there are no windows down there so you can't see what the weather is like! Area was perfect for us. Busy all throughout the day sightseeing etc so came back in the evening to freshen up and go for a drink and a bite to eat. Quite a few pubs around. Weatherspoons, All Bar One, Hung Drawn &amp; Quartered, Pizza Express. Cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
Jul 17 2009 	Hidden Gem in London	We recently stayed here for 3 nights and had a wonderful stay. We were upgraded from a Superior King to a Junior Suite which was LOVELY! The room was very big, a separate sitting area and bedroom. The decor was great...lots of attention to detail, the room was very clean and the bathroom modern. The mini-bar was all free...so rare these day...which was a great touch. I would highly recommend this place! On the downside, while the sheets were great (very soft), the bed wasn't very comfy...in need of thick mattress pad, and the towels were thin and very scratchy. However, it was easy to look beyond that because everything else was so nice. Another downside is the location, depending where/what you are doing in London. It was a bit far from most major attractions, but quite close to a few as well. I really enjoyed our stay here!	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent Hotel and very good value	Everything about our stay was first class, from the moment we walked through the doors to be met by one of the very friendly staff to our check out. The only slight moan would be a lack of proper view from the hotel window, apart from that the room was perfect, offering everything and more from a 4* hotel. The continental breakfast was excellent and the menu for the evening meals seemed very reasonably priced for a London hotel of this standard. The location is very good as you are only two minutes walk from Tower Hill tube station. Overall great value for money given what you can pay for hotels of a lesser standard in London.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fabulous modern trendy hotel	Stayed for 2 nights with my boyfriend. Booked on a special travel agent's rate, extremely good value for money. We booked a city double room but on arrival were told we were upgraded to a deluxe! Fab! Check in smooth, receptionist was very friendly and helpful.Our room was fairly large, double bed, sofa, big tv, fridge, walk in shower and bath. It was made up to excellent standards. We were even given complimentary pringles and jelly beans! The decor was very modern and chic, very clean room and bathroom. only slight negative was didnt like the pillows or duvet cover, pillows very squishy and covers rustled all night, but thats just personal taste! Our room was serviced to high standards, and for a £20 refundable deposit, you could have a choice of dvds to watch. We didnt use the restaurant but I ordered a sandwich to our room which came quickly. The late night room menu was very limited though, basically a bowl of soup, some sandwiches and ice creams. The hotel is a few minutes walk to Tower Hill tube station and around the corner from various pubs and restaurants. All in all a lovely hotel to stay at	
Jul 12 2009 	Fab!	We have just spent two nights staying here for a leisure weekend in London. What a fab hotel, great spot, only two minute walk to Tower Hill tube station and the Tower of London. Lovely comfortable room with a sofa bed made up for our son. Includes a safe, air conditioning, separate bath and large walk in shower, fridge and so quiet. Spotless and lovely bath products including a rubber duckey which was a big hit with our son. You cannot get better value for the quality and service. The area is quiet but we got the tube to the Embankment - the West End, within 10 minutes for lots of restaurants, shows etc. Friendly professional staff, free internet. We didn't have breakfast with our deal but it looked fab and next time we will indulge - Stay there!	
Jul 11 2009 	Just perfect!	Chose this hotel after recommendations on TripAdvisor and was really impressed! We went to London to celebrate my husbands birthday, I had booked a standard room but on arrival we were upgraded to a premium room on the 7th floor with a great view of Tower bridge. The room was great, spacious and really clean with comfy beds, our room even had a small terrace.The location is in the business district close to the Tower of London and Tower bridge so not centrally located although this was definately not a problem with the Tube station being very close, also the boats running on the Thames are just a short walk from the hotel. We did try the hotel restaurant one night, it was quite OK but I would still recommend a walk to St Katharines dock close to Tower bridge where you'll find a lot of different restaurants, a really cosy area.We had booked the full English breakfast but next time we will just have the Continental breakfast (included in price for room) with great yoghurt, lots of fresh fruit, different kinds of bread, ham, cheese, salmon... enough to keep you full for the better part of the day. :-)All in all, a perfect choice with spacious, clean rooms, totally wonderful and friendly staff and a quiet and calm location - we will definately be coming back!	
Jul 9 2009 	Close to Tower of London and St. Paul's Cathedral	We stayed at the Apex on a Saturday and Sunday night. This hotel is in the business district, so weekend rates are pretty good. The Tower of London is across the street. The service was excellent, and the room was very nice. There was free wi-fi, iron/ironing board and a large safe in the room. There was a heat wave in London, so we really appreciated the air conditioning!! All the amenities were really nice. We had breakfast in the hotel restaurant the first morning, but it was pretty expensive for what we got (and we're not big breakfast eaters). The next morning, we walked to the corner and had coffee and muffins/croissants at Pret A Manger, which was wonderful, and a lot cheaper!!	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent	We stayed in this hotel the weekend before last and had an excellent time. The hotel was conveniently located (2 mins walk from tower hill tube and the tower of London) and we found it very easy to get around. We were particularly surprised by the ‘extras’ that you don’t normally get in hotels of this price range, toiletries, tea/ coffee making, free in room safe, bottles of water. The bedrooms were well equipped and stylishly fitted out, not the normal bland budget hotel interior and the staff were really friendly. Also on my rate continental breakfast was included which was excellent, a good selection of cereals, bread, pastries, cold meats, cheese and fruit- all fresh and tasty. I would definitely stay there again and would have no hesitation recommending the place to friends and family who visit the city.	
Jul 7 2009 	great place to stay	Free internet was a great perk to staying at this hotel. Also the location is convenient and quiet. The rooms were awesome. Great value and service.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very Good Hotel - Service Could Be Better	Booked this hotel through 1800Hotels.com after reading reviews on trip advisor.We paid £106 / night including continental breakfast for 2.Reception: Staff very helpful, some minor problems with the computer system checking-in but no trouble to ourselves. One of our keycards stopped working after the first night typically it was on our way back from breakfast so everything was in the room but a quick trip down to recption and confirm who I was and I was furnished with 2 more with no issue.Rooms: We stayed in room 238 an end of corridor room, it had king bed, nice walnut finishing, a good size desk, 30&quot; &quot;old&quot; CRT TV bathroom with shower and bath. A word of warning however the wardrobe has limited hangning space, we had 6 hangers and just enough room for them, the iron and ironing board are stored in the wardrobe - good to have them in the room but a bit of a pain for hanging stuff up. As others have commented the rooms were spotlessly tidy, including the bath room. Next to the wardrobe there was anothe cupboard containg free room safe, fridge and kettle with teas.Breakfast: We managed to get the continental breakfast included in the room which noow looks like a good deal, as breakfast was the least efficient part of the service at the hotel and paying the £15 or so per person would not have have impressed me for what was on offer. 1st morning they struggled to get tea and toast out - arriving some 20 mins after prompting and also prompting for buttter and jams. 2nd morning there seemed to be a change and everything ran very smooth - a credit to the young waiter who was serving us. 3rd morning normal service resumed, table had no side knives, milk or butter and toast only arrived after prompting again. My thoughts are that even the least sharpest of tools in the box should be able to get the hang of setting a table, asking guest tea or coffee and bringing out some toast. The waiting staff are not ver efficient at clearing tables either so it can get a bit crowded on your table!Breakfast was reasonable not a wide selection, 6 cereals, 4 cheeses, 4 hams, couple of breads, couple of fruit juices, fresh fruit and some yogurts. On the whole it was sufficient but they didn't seem to stock up the trays very regularly either - not a patch on a Raddisson Breakfast.Location: The hotel is well located for central London, the DLR is 5 mins walk, Tower Hill Tube station 3 mins walk, you have a Weatherspoons pub a couple minutes away, along with an All Bar One Pub, Pizza Express, Pret a Manger and Subway just round the corner as well. If you skip the breakfast option probably weatherspoons all day breakfast or something from pret would be a more cost effective option. I never used the freee WIFI so can't comment but think this is a great option to have.All in all the hotel is very good based on cleanliness, location and rooms, I would go back but am aware of the hotels shortcomings so may do it a little different. If they could work on their breakfast I would say it would be better value for money.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very helpful staff	My travel agent tried to tell me not to stay here because it is in the business district. I'm very happy that we did not take her advice. I is neat the tower of London and since we went to Wimbledon the underground direct line we just up the street.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very nice place and a good location	I stayed with my wife in the deluxe room.Pros- clean and modern design hotel- great location- nice staffCons- breakfast not worth the price, the cold bar is poor and the fry-up (eggs, sausage, etc...) takes about 15 minutes to be prepared- no minibar on the room (not even in the deluxe one)- construction site nearby, quite noisy	
Jul 4 2009 	Amazing Experience	Wow what a hotel! The room was spotless, the only downside was a lack of teletext on the plasma tv on the wall, however that is just being picky!The staff although not the best at English did well once they understood and couldn't do enough for us. Starting at the door the doorman took my suitbags from me and hung them up whilst we attended to the booking in at the reception. We were given 1st class service by 1st class people.We thought breakfast was included although this was not the case, perhaps something others should confirm with reception at check in.All in all a 1st class stay in a 1st class hotel.Will definatley return someday!	
Jul 3 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	I booked one of the value (basement ) rooms because of the low cost, and I was expecting one of the small but modern and clean &quot;W Hotel&quot; rooms. So when I walked in to a room much larger than anticipated, I was thrilled. The room itself is a nice size, plus there is an alcove with a small sectional sofa and a (I believe 42&quot;) plasma television. The room was clean, comfortable and spacious.The staff was polite &amp; helpful and the location was fantastic. There are tons of restaurants in the area and the Tower Hill underground station is a 2 minute walk away. We grabbed take-away breakfast at the neighboring Pret every morning then ate on benches in the lovely Trinity park (right next to Tower Hill station-- former home of the notorious execution site. There is a memorial there to Thomas More, Bishop John Fisher and the countless others that died there). I also suggest walking to the nearby St. Katherine's Dock-- we enjoyed both The Dickens Inn and Mala, a delicious indian restaurant.The Apex is primarily a business hotel so we did stand out a bit as tourists, but who cares? Highly recommended.	
Jul 2 2009 	A gem of a hotel!	I usually HATE staying in London hotels - feel ripped off by the prices for substandard accomodation and lacklustre service. Therefore, after years of searching for a hotel that meets my needs both when in London for business and for leisure, I am delighted to have found a hotel that bucks the trend and has restored my faith.The rooms are wonderful - so comfortable and modern and very well finished. The staff are always friendly and helpful and made you feel valued.The position of the hotel - so close the the Tower and the Thames - make it accessible for a relaxed walked around the city and offer a wide range of amenities.This is the only hotel I would recommend in London!	
Jun 29 2009 	Well taken care of...	My wife and I booked the Apex in London 6/25-28 in anticipation of our first ever voyage to England from the USA for a 5 day Rotary Convention in Birmingham, followed by 3 days in London on our own. I had done extensive research and found terrific reviews consistently in Trip Advisor for this hotel as a 4 star. Apex is 2 blks from the Tower Hill tube station and Tower of London. It was very clean and orderly which I cannot over emphasize, our room had a limited view of the London Bridge overlooking a small park and other buildings along with the king sized bed in the Superior King, we also had a sitting room and couch, with desk (all electrical was located here and had a mirror) and TV w/Bose Stereo (free 128 dvd library if you want it). Hotel rooms in GB seem to be smallish vs USA, but we were pleasantly surprised! I was able to unpack and put all my items away in well thought out side closet with drawers (my Radisson hotel did not have drawers so had to have my suitcase out). The amenities for full toiletries and coffee/tea with complimentary snacks and bottled water was well done. Again, I took note that they didn't just provide tea or coffee mugs, but cups and saucers! We were also greeted with white Terri Cloth Apex robes and slippers in our room, a journal for your London visit if needed and complimentary newspapers. There was a separate shower and deep tub, where normally you find these combined. Everything was well maintained, nothing appeared worn out, all electrical worked well. We had a fridge to use, if needed, and of course a safe. We had access to the internet and email with a hotel provided system, service was outstanding and concierge service was very helpful for first timers to the city. Restaurant was quite good (burgers are hand prepared and thick), and we were able to package a continental breakfast with each morning of our stay through Travelzoo.com, but hotels do not commonly offer such a package anywhere in London that I could find. I really had to hunt. Lastly, the hotel does offer some packages for dinner and theater discounts, etc, but we never took advantage of this as I had already made separate plans. They also had a large exercise room with equipment in the last level which we never accessed either. Very clean, accomodating and friendly service, professional appearance, good food and orderly. There were no surprises or hidden fees as we checked out. If coming from USA, bring 2 and 3 pronged electrical adapters - the desk had one 3 prong for me to use, but the 2 prong could not be used. We had to plug the 3 prong into the outlet, and the 2 prong in this adapter so U.S. 2 prong electrical devices could be plugged in. Oddly, GB hotels do not have any electrical in the bathroom by the mirror except for shavers so the hairdryer (hotel provided) and the curling iron for my lovely wife had to be used in the sitting room. At least there was a mirror there, as the other hotel didn't even have that. That aside, and mostly seeming to be a national reality rather than for this specific hotel, we highly recommend Apex City of London!!	
Jun 25 2009 	Quality good value hotel near the tower of london	I have to say that the staff were excellent and couldn't do enough to help us. The room was very spacy with good facilities.We ate at the bar and the quality of the food was good, if a little pricey (standard 4 star hotel prices).The hotel is very close to the tube making it relatively easy to get to the west end. You are also right in the heart of the tourist area for the tower of london. One advatage of the city location is it is quiet at the weekend.Would reccomend this to anyone. Very good value at £80 per night for a room.	
Jun 25 2009 	A comfortable clean and modern hotel	Booked the Superior King room for £110 for a Saturday night and got a really nice room with comfy large bed, large bath and walk in shower. Lovely and quiet overlooking a church with the tube station a short walk away. Will use this place again	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel - 4star hotel at bargain prices!!!!	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a 3day break in London and I would happily recommend it to anybody looking for somewhere to stay in London. The hotel is located in a business district near Tower Hill tube station and so there is easy access to the centre of london, west end etc. The staff are pleasant, polite, helpful and extremely efficient. The rooms are spacious and well appointed with a large shower and seperate bath. The only downside to this fantastic hotel is the lack of ameneties open late at night, as it is in a business district, all shops close early! This isn't really an issue though, once you know about it you can just stock up earlier in the day!!!!! Definitely worth staying in!	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel with faultless amenities.	Highly recomended to anyone booking a hotel in London. This Hotel is superb &amp; within a bus ride of everywhere significant to see or do in London. The staff are very proffessional. The hotel is faultness.	
Jun 16 2009 	Almost faultless	Stayed here on our way back from holiday, to meet up with friends in London, and we were very happy with the hotel. Quiet (for London), well situated, helpful staff and great rooms.The only detraction was breakfast - friends had praised the Apex hotels for their breakfasts but we had a very different experience. It took 3 requests for a pot of tea, the toast was stone cold, the table wasn't properly laid, the cereal 'selection consisted of cornflakes,branflakes and muesli, the pastry selection was minimal and the service generally poor. The staff spent too much time clearing and not enough time serving or replenishing; we were not happy.The rooms however, are excellent - spacious, well equipped and comfy (if a little warm - the a/c wasn't the best).We'd stay again, but only for the location and the rooms.	
Jun 14 2009 	First class	My partner and I experienced first class service at the Apex City of London Hotel. He booked it for me as a suprise romantic theatre weekend and I was not dissapointed. The service was efficient and friendly, not to mention helpful. The room we had was on the 5th floor. It was a coner room and was very spacious and the fit out and decor was very stylish indeed. I wanted to take all the soft furnishings home with me....and I have very discerning taste! The bed was confy and the area is quiet in the evenings so we had a great nites sleep. The bathroom had a very roomy shower cubicle which was big enough for two and a rather nice bath. I would def stay here again..if only to sample the gym downstairs which looked great and very underused. (It was empty when I went to check it out). Well done Apex, cant wait to come back.	
Jun 12 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last weekend and we would be more than happy to recommend this hotel to anyone. The whole hotel had a modern contemporary feel to it and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and couldn't do enough for you. The room was clean modern with fabulous facilities, fridge, iron tea/coffee and plasma tv, excellent bathroom and luxury products which were complimentary.We had breakfast included in our stay and this was great too. Lots of choice and the buffet you could eat as much as you like!	
Jun 7 2009 	Superb hotel in a great location and great value too!	We stayed in a Deluxe King Room with a view of Tower Bridge, and thought it was very good value. The room was large, comfortable and very clean.As well as the advertised perks such as a Bose CD/DVD sound system, large wide-screen TV, bath robes &amp; slippers, separate bath and shower, good quality toiletries, fridge, safe, free wi-fi, free morning paper, etc. there were other little touches which we weren’t expecting, such as a free DVD library and a cute rubber ducky in the bath tub!If we were being hyper-critical, then I guess the only thing we might mention was that the “view of Tower Bridge” was a bit limited – we could see most of the bridge, but only quite small and in the corner of the window.All the staff we talked to were very friendly and helpful, and really did make us feel welcome. They checked us in early, helped us with directions, sorted out the stereo system when we couldn’t figure out how to work it, took our picture with the hotel’s green cow (an interesting artwork in the lobby), and were just generally happy chatty people.The full Scottish breakfasts we had, including haggis and black pudding, were very tasty and set us up for the day.The hotel is in the business district which means it is very quiet at night if you’re after a good night’s sleep, but it is only a few hundred yards from Tower Hill tube station so it’s easy to get about too!All in all we were really pleased that we chose this hotel, and will almost certainly be going back again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Will go back again	We were offered this hotel when the one we wanted (london Bridge) was fully booked - we were not disappointed. The hotel is a stones throw from the Tower of London and Tower Bridge and just a minute from the Tube at Tower Hill. Being in the heart of the financial district it is busy in the week but nice and quiet at the weekend. We had a standard room but to be fair it was much better than the name suggests, the rooms are very nice with enornmous beds and walk in showers plus bath, and air con, fridge, and safe.The continental breakfast is fine with lots of choice and was included in the price but the full english was over priced - you may consider booking room only as there is a Weatherspoons pub just on the corner of the road which does breakfast for £2.99; they had quite a bit of our custom over the weekend as the drinks in the hotel are overpriced.All things considered we would definitely go back again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Best Budget Hotel Ever!!	I have just returned from a one night stay at the Apex City of London Hotel, staying in one of their budget rooms. I was a bit worried about what the room might be like as it didn't have a window and was billed very much as a 'budget room'. I have to say that when I got to my room I was very pleasantly surprized to find the most luxurious budget rooms I have ever stayed in.I am one of the fussiest people there are and complain about everything so it is not often I am impressed, so hats off to the Apex. I will def stay there again and will recommend to everyone I know.	
Jun 3 2009 	Huge comfy modern rooms close to the City and Tower of London	I stayed here whilst at a conference in Old Billingsgate Market.The rooms are great, really big, really comfy, really modern. The bed was really comfortable.The bathroom was huge with big walk in shower and bath.Plasma TV, coffee making facilities, safe, wifi, ironing board, and all mod cons.Location is great for the city and tower, docklands etc.Breakfast was fantastic... huge range of delicious foods.I loved this hotel and would definitely stay here again on business or pleasure.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great hotel in London	We stayed 2 nights in the Apex London hotel and felt very comfortable.Clean, big and modern rooms with a nice bathroom (deluxe). Fair rates. Quiet street. Tube and bus station just around the corner as well as Tower Bridge and Tower of London.Great hotel for a weekend or business trip.We will come back for our next stay in London.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent value in London	Stayed one night in the Budget City Room. It was basically a standard room in the basement, so therefore no window. It was excellent value for a London hotel. The room was very spacious - a large bed, a L-shape sofa, coffee table, a desk/dressing table, massive TV, walk-in shower, large bathtub...However, the breakfast was disappointing. Expensive (£25+ for the two of us) and the food was terrible. The coffee was the worst I have ever had. Great location for Tower of London.	
Jun 1 2009 	Super Modern Clean Hotel - Stay here!!	Really super modern hotel and i'm picky.The room was very clean and modern/boutique style. The bathroom was clean and very lavish with a seperate shower room and a very large bath (this was just a standard room!).The room has expensive furnishings including a 40&quot; LCD TV with Sky included.I would definately stay here again for the value; this was £100 whereas a Travelodge would of cost me £85! I would definately pay the extra every time. I have also stayed at the Apex in Edinburgh which is just as good.It is also only literally a few minutes walk Tower Hill tube station, very close to London Bridge area. It has a restaurant/bar but if you want a cheaper lunch option then is a pret sandwich place just next door. Also has a All Bar One accross the road so there are alternatives.	
May 31 2009 	Great Hotel in a great location	This hotel is a very clean en modern hotel. It's location is just 2 streets away from the underground at Tower Bridge. Rooms are spacious en very nice.Staff is helpful and they even gave us a room at 9 o'clock in the morning when we arrived. Would stay here again!! Not the cheapest, but certainly the price worth it!!	
May 28 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!!	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The rooms are very modern, spacious, and clean. The bed is extremely comfortable and has a duvet cover. There is a big LCD TV, a fridge, iron and board, and closet. The bathroom is spacious and has both a shower and a tub. The toiletres provided were good quality (shampoo, soap, conditioner) and were in medium sized bottles that lasted us the full 3 nights. We had chosen the room with no windows to save some money and it didn't make any difference to us that there were no windows because the room itself was so nice and big. The reception desk was very friendly and offered us great suggestions for food - we were looking to try Indian food and were directed to one fine dining resturant Lovage which was wonderful and a cheaper alternative on Brick Lane street which had an abundance of excellent Indian restaurants as well. The location of the hotel is convenient - the tube station is only a 3 minute walk away and less than 20 minutes on the tube to get to any of the major attractions. Reception also stored our luggage for free when we checked out because we weren't travelling till later in the day and check out was noon. There is free internet access as well although we didn't use it - I think the hotel provides you a code to enter when you use it. Overall, I had a great stay in this hotel and would defintely return! For the price paid (about $140CDN a night) it was well worth it as the rooms felt luxurious to me!	
May 25 2009 	Stylish clean hotel with excellent service.	We took our 6 year old daughter for a weekend in London. Though ostensibly a double room, the hotel were happy to set up a sofa bed for her. The room was clean and stylish with an excellent bathroom (seperate shower and bath). Service in the restaurant was uniformly excellent, staff being particularly attentive to our little girl which always scores highly with me. An excellent hotel at a very reasonable rate.	
May 20 2009 	Great hotel in London - great value	Superb boutique-type hotel a few steps away from Tower Hill tube station. Very nice rooms, friendly staff ... worth the stay in London. Best value I have ever had in London!	
May 18 2009 	Customer service needs improving...otherwise great hotel	My friend and I stayed at this hotel on 2 occasions in May. First, I will describe what I liked about the hotel. On both occasions, the rooms we were given were top notch - spacious room and bathroom with excellent amenities such as iron &amp; board, hairdryer, lux toiletries and even a cute rubber ducky. The beds were so comfortable we had trouble waking up in the morning!Now the not so good. As we stayed during the weekends, it was a real hassle getting to West End / Oxford Street as the yellow (circle?) line was closed for upgrading on both occasions. We had to walk to Bank station, which was 10 mins away. Getting food was difficult as most places in that area were closed during the weekends. That being said, the east end attractions (Tower of London, St Pauls, etc) were easy to get to and Old Spitalfields market is a mere 15-20 minute walk away.Customer service definitely needed some polishing up. I wanted to make some calls to a UK mobile phone and called reception to enquire the charges (as the pamphlet in the room did not specify charges for calling a UK mobile line). Reception said they will check and call me back, but they didn't (I waited 15 minutes) so I called them again and was transferred to the concierge desk. The guy whom I spoke to was not sure but he said &quot;should not be more than 20 pence&quot;. So I made a 6 minute call and upon checkout, I was horrified to see that I was charged 4.20 GBP for the calls. That worked out to be 70p per minute! After explaining myself, the reception lady agreed to take the charge off my bill, although she did it in a most rude and unfriendly manner.All in all, a good hotel if you are coming for business or visiting the east end. Do check the tube schedule for any planned closures on weekends. If we had known that the yellow line was not operational, I doubt we would have chosen to stay at this hotel. It would also be better if the service staff showed more warmth in their smiles and attitude, and go the extra mile to help their guests.	
May 18 2009 	Truely exceptional	I have been meaning to write my review several times now. I have stayed at The Apex on several occasions for business reasons and we have had multiple room bookings. I find it a great hotel to stay at. Good mannered polite staff, lovely clean building throughout, very nice bedrooms, very clean and very well laid out, can't fault them. Nice bar, it is great the way it is all laid out ,open plan rather than being locked into a rooms. Love the idea of the Al A Carte service for Breakfast, means you get a nice hot fresh breakfast, also more importantly the hotel are not wasting money throwing excess food away. More hotels should be learning from this. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, whether you are visiting london on business or for a social event. There customer service is exceptional. So to all the staff and mangement at The Apex hotel keep up the good work, you are delivering a great product.	
May 17 2009 	Great Location for Business	This hotel is a great location for the business I am in, nothing is anymore than 5 minutes walk away. Service during breakfast is not the best, primarily it is a communication issue, they can't understand me and I can't understand them. Appreciate we all come from different language speaking countries but assuming english is the language of the country I am staying in it gets a little frustrating having to repeat requests 2 and 3 times.I am not sure why the Apex does not have in room movies, cost I would assume, but this needs looking at as not to many people me including want to walk downstairs to book a dvd out. Think this needs looking at as it is assumed by many 4 star hotels to be common place.Overall though I would stay here again and I also advise my staff to stay here, as although the comments above are 'nice to have's' they are minor in the whole scheme of things.	
May 17 2009 	Will definitely stay again	I chose this hotel after reading the review on trip advisor. Room was good. No flatscreen TV though. Bathroom was lovely and the toiletry products were excellent and not stingy size. The decor is modern and discreet. We had two twin beds and would have preferred a King but to fair we never asked to change so don't know if we could have. Liked the layout of the room as It made it feel bigger having a TV with seating area, almost like a mini suite. The room was not a bad size for a London Hotel.Staff were very efficient when checking us in and out. Bar staff were also good.The location is Ok, good for touristy stuff on South Bank and Tower of London. As it is in the city it is absolutely dead on weekends. We got caught out as there was lots of tube maintainence going on so the nearest lines (circle / district and Metropolitan) were closed. We walked from Bank, no more than 10 mins.	
May 15 2009	We Shall Return	My daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. We appreciated the ambiance, the cleanliness, spacious room, lovely linens, and special bath products. The service was excellent and the location to the London Tower was exactly what we were looking for.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent base for an excellent weekend	Arrived early despite the best attempts of London transport. Very pleasant check-in and easy luggage storage. When we arrived back later, we found our room to be everything we expected - very clean, comfortable, really good shower, comfortable bed (no views though, but not expected).Eating locally was not a problem, only 5-10 minute walk from St. Katharin's Dock. Other establishments locally as well. Breakfast was good with an wide choice.Overall a very good London hotel	
May 8 2009 	weekend in london	Excellent location good service helpfull staffBreakfast is disappointing and expensiveRestaurant is overatedoverall a good location from which to explore london	
May 8 2009 	Great location staff and rooms!	I booked a twin room at this hotel through Xcapewithus, unfortunately (unknown to me)they ceased trading the day before my arrival. On arrival when I attempted to check in the girl on reception informed me that the reservation had been cancelled the previous day, she was very helpful and sent my friend and I off to the bar for a complementary drink while she attempted to find out what had happened. On discovering the cause of the problem she was most apologetic that there were no longer any twin rooms available and the only room she could offer us was a budget city room. She suggested that we try the room for one night and if it didn't suit she would see what else was available for us the following day.Despite the minimal natural light (these rooms are in the basement) we were very pleased with the room, it was very spacious with a super king bed, sofa, desk, huge TV and a fabulous bathroom. Our only gripe was that the bed was too firm for our tastes but only cos we are both side sleepers.All the staff were very pleasent and nothing was too much trouble for them. As for the location of this hotel, it's a 2min stroll to Tower Hill tube station and there are plenty of places to eat nearby. The wetherspoons on the corner does a great breakfast for less than £5!	
May 5 2009 	Once again an excellent stay!	We have now stayed at this hotel 6 times, over the past few years.Every time we have had an excellent stay.We have never had the same room, or even style/decor of room. I like how each has it's own individual feel to it.Our rate included continental breakfast, and we had a full english for £5 supplement.The staff were great, and can say no more other than look forward to my return in July.	
May 5 2009 	Very good hotel with excellent service	Very nice, clean and quite hotel in the city. Very friendly and helpfull staff. Good value for money. Will defenitely stay there again	
May 4 2009 	An excellent hotel offering 1st class customer service	I visited this hotel on a theatre break with 3 friends. We were celebrating a friend's 50th birthday and from the moment we arrived at this hotel the service we received was exceptional and professional.Rooms are fab:comfy bedspristine bed linenlarge walk in shower and bathfridge, safe, hairdryer, ironing board and iron in roomspotlessly clean.Breakfast in the hotel was included in our price and this too was exceptional, we were delighted by the service provided by Paul (manager of restaurant?). Nothing was too much for him or his staff who made our breakfast a very pleasant and enjoyable experience. Thank you.We did not have a view but it did not make a difference to us as we were only in our rooms to bathe or sleep. We had an &quot;ouch&quot; moment when we purchased a round of 4 drinks at the bar and the bill was £30!!!In all, this is a little gem of a hotel just a few minutes walk to the tube station at Tower Hill, so if you don't mind being a wee bit out of the biz, then try this hotel - you will not be disappointed.N.B.Buy an OYSTER card to travel on London Transport - saved us a fortune.Go and see &quot;WICKED&quot; at The Apollo - a fab show, even 2nd time around!	
May 1 2009 	Not sure how's it so high	I stayed here for one night. I couldn't fault the hotel. Unsure why it's so high on the list. Good value for Money, location good and very clean. Rooms on the small side but then again it is London	
Apr 29 2009 	Great value for London	I can recommend this hotel, as it has a perfect, quiet location near the Tower and in the heart of the City of London. The room was very clean and nicely decorated and good sized for a London hotel. The only bad thing was the sound of the air-conditioning even when it was turned off!	
Apr 28 2009 	great hotel	had a 2 night stay at a great hotel with very freindly and polite staff, exellent breakfast, upgraded to a deluxe room (worth every penny) extra room made huge differance, 2 mins from tube &amp; public secure parking would recommend this hotel to any one and would return any time	
Apr 27 2009 	great value!	Very good. 3 minutes from Tower Hill station, a 10 minutes walk to the Tower Bridge and the Tower of London. The hotel is modern, clean, quiet. Staff are very helpful (my gf had her wallet stolen in Camden (watch out for pickpockets!!!) and they helped us all the way). Our room was on the small side but it was just as we expected it to be. Bathroom was spotless and had high quality amenities Continental breakfast (included in the rate) was excellent and the staff serving it could match a 5 star hotel. The bar has a good selection of drinks, the cocktail served are top-notch. An excellent hotel. I would go back there in a minute.	
Apr 26 2009 	New clean excellent location 	Stayed for 1 night in April. Very clean room, ammenities for new and stylish, and the free wireless was great! Location is close to Tower Hill tube station. Great for short stay in London.	
Apr 25 2009 	Amazing for the price	I stayed at the Apex for one night while in London to watch the London Marathon. I stayed in one of the hotel's &quot;budget rooms&quot;, which are rooms in the basement that have no window. For barely GBP 50 per night, this was quite a steal, as the Apex turns out to have some of the largest and best appointed rooms that I have ever come across in the uk. The basement rooms are great in all respects but for the natural light, and that's probably not such a big deal for many visitors. Spacious, beautifully furnished, great bedding, large bathroom with separate bath and (large) shower and fancy toiletries. Free wifi is unusually fast. And just a stone's throw from the Tower of London. Great deal!	
Apr 23 2009 	Enjoyed 3 delightful nights at the Apex	For £300 incl. continental breakfast we spent 3 nights from Friday to Monday on this up-to-date hotel. Although we came at 11 am, we were checked-in quickly and also got a nice room with some &quot;view&quot; (if view includes seeing surrounding buildings and narrow streets), a huge bed, a 40&quot; flat screen TV and possibly the best designed bathroom I've encountered in my hotel-visiting career. The spacious walk in shower was plainly sexy, and there was also a bath tub in the bathroom as well as some nice complimentary toiletries. The concierge service was friendly and helpful, with everything from hailing a taxi via making reservations at restaurants and carrying our bags. You also get a free wi-fi connection during the stay, and that's convenient in the 21st century.We enjoyed breakfast every morning, and although a continental breakfast isn't my favorite way to start the morning, I enjoyed every crumb of toast and every sweet piece of pineapple and other goodies. The breakfast is also available through room service, but we didn't have breakfast in the room. Nevertheless we ordered 2 club sandwiches, and although a bit small, they were tasteful and fair value for money. The fries, though, were probably the most ordinary I encountered on my 3 nights spent at the hotel. The Apex is only a 2-3 minutes walk from the Tower Hill underground station and therefore only 3-4 minutes of walking from the historic Tower of London and it's iconic neighbour, the Tower Bridge. With the tube you're only 10 minutes away from Westminster/Big Ben, but architectonic masterpieces as the Gherkin and the Lloyd's building is only a 5-8 minutes walk away. I would definitely recommend this hotel to every person who is considering a stay in London, and especially during the weekends I predict you will get a very good deal at your stay!	
Apr 22 2009 	Couldn't have made a better choice!	MrReaves took me on a weekend trip to London for my birthday this past weekend. After reading review after review, it seemed impossible to find a hotel in London that was affordable and not a total dump. How lucky we were to have decided on the Apex!We arrived before check-in time, and we were almost immediately greeted by the reception staff even though there were several other people in line ahead of us. The check in was exceptionally quick, and our small carry-on bags were taken by the concierge for storage while we explored!The hotel is located catty-cornered around the block from the Tower Hill tube stop. **Opt for this one instead of Aldgate if using the Underground to get to the hotel.** It is also located very close to the Tower of London and within walking distance to both the Tower Bridge and London Bridge.We took our time getting back to the room, and it was awesome except for one minor problem that we didn't find until the morning.....but I'll get to that......We had Room 355. It looked out onto an alley where construction is being done on the building next door. We never heard the first peep from the alley. If this is because we arrived on Friday and the British are too polite to make noise all weekend, then they are my new favorite people! The room had a king bed with 4 comfy pillows. There was a large flat screen LCD mounted to the wall with several media ports built in to the wall underneath--most notably a USB port. They also provide free internet for 24 hours, and we had no problems when using out laptop to search for fun stuff to see and do.Here's the one problem, but to be fair, we had read about this on some other sites with hotel reviews. The shower is magnificent--plenty of room and heavenly water pressure, BUT the water from the shower decided to detour the drain, and it ran out into the bathroom floor. Not just a little bit---A LOT! There is even a sign on the door telling you to dry your feet before entering the bedroom! The shower door was glass, and it had about a 1&quot; gap between it and the shower floor. Aesthetics are one thing, but ignoring practicality for the sake of keeping the bathroom looking neat is not good. This is the only reason that I didn't give it 5s across the board. I did leave my concerns in the comment forum with the hotel website, and I am waiting for a reply.We spent 2 days in and out of that place, and we were always welcomed very warmly by the staff. Check out was also very efficient, and we had to leave at 4am on Sunday!! We can't comment on the restaurant at the hotel other than to say that it was always full of folks dining or just having glasses of wine or just hanging out in what I called the Cozy Room (it's lined with couches and throw pillows and nooks and crannies).Overall, I would most definitely stay at this hotel again, and I would suggest that my friends stay there as well. Also, we got the best deal on the room through the hotel's website, so be sure you check there as well as with the discount sites.	
Apr 19 2009 	A First Class Base for London very near Tower Gateway on DLR	A first class base for London, very near to Tower Gateway on DLR which was ideal for our arrival at London City Airport. We were most impressed with the helpfulness and courtesy of all the staff we encountered, especially Karol the concierge and Paul our Head Waiter at Breakfast. The breakfasts were fabulous, our deluxe room was spotlessly clean and spacious with an excellent walk in shower. The in -room entetainment system was new and very impressive. It was Easter Weekend and the hotel ( and London!) was fairly quiet but even if busy I am sure the service would be just as good.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great Hotel	This was my second stay at Apex Hotel, first in London City. Check-in was quick. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a Deluxe Bedroom. When we entered the room we could not believe how big the room was. It came with a sofa and a 40&quot; LCD TV. Luxury comes to mind. Came in handy in watching the football! The bedroom was well docorated and clean. Staff were extremely friendly. Didn't have food at the hotel so cannot comment on that. The location of the hotel was great. A few minutes walk from Tower Hill Tube Station and near to a few well known eating places. The area was quiet at night. The only thing I didn't like was the bed. They were too comfortable. But maybe that is because I am used to a firm bed. If you are used to soft beds then it should be no problem for you. We came for a romantic few days away and got exactly that. I will recommend this hotel to everyone. It is a bit expensive but its well worth it if you want to be away from the hustle of the buzzing city centre.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent Location and Value - check if room has window!	We have recently stayed in this hotel. I booked on the internet and was amazed at the fantastic rate (£59 excl VAT) for room only. The hotel is very stylish and the room was lovely - bathroom spacious and had everything we needed....except there was no window. The room was located in the basement so whilst it was quiet, I think I'd have preferred a room with a window. It was too late to ask for a room change as we had already used a couple of the facilities and didn't check in until very late at night. Location of hotel was super - right near Tower Bridge and the Thames clipper stop. Would recommend and revisit.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great hotel good location	After reading about all of the hotel rip offs in London I was wary but everything about this place was positive. The decor was very up to date and clean, there were more small amenities than I expected, and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The location was excellent with one small caveat. It is a two minute walk to Tower of London and Charing Cross tube station but, since this is the business district, restaurants are pretty scarce, particularly on the weekend. That said there is a Pret cafe several doors up which was great for a quick snack (closed Saturday) and you can be in Trafalgar in about 10 minutes by Tube. If you like it quiet it's perfect. Room was not large but was quite comfortable by London standards.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great choice	Modern, comfy beds and pillows, free internet in your room is a big plus, friendly and helpful staff and everything works! Rooms are nicely furnished with clean lines and excellent modern and roomy bathroom. Location is great - can walk to many tourist attractions and 2 mins from Tower and Tower Pier so have great access to river Thames and cheap river transport. Safe and quiet and great choice for single female traveller.	
Apr 12 2009 	one night at the apex	found the apex on booking .com, the hotel was perfectly situated for the sights of the pool of london being a short walk from tower bridge etc.The hotel was very modern with a lot of focus on design and lighting which worked very well, the room itself was top notch, very modern with all the mod cons you would expect including flat screen tv and a nice sofa to watch it on, our room had a view of tower bridge.I would recommend this hotel especially if you can get a deal on one of the late booking sites, left in the morning feeling like we had been somewhere special.	
Apr 7 2009 	Modern Bright and Clean	Lovely bright modern hotel.Rooms were excellent and the service was very efficient but friendly.Tried one of the breakfasts and sorry we did not try more.Close to Tower Hill station for access to down town, across the river has excellent new restaurants and pubs as well.Robert Duffy	
Apr 6 2009 	Great Location near the River	We stayed at this hotel for one night, it is located in a quiet square close to the Tower of London and the River Thames, it also had free wifi. The rooms were lovely, very clean and spacious. In the evening we walked along the embankment at the side of the river. The breakfast was very good with lots of choice and a excellent full english breakfast. All the staff were friendly and helpful. We would stay there again.	
Apr 2 2009 	Amazing city stones throw from Tower bridge.	One of the best hotels I've stayed at, pricey but worth it. The staff went out of their way to help you and ensure that your stay is a good one.	
Apr 2 2009 	Ideal for a special long weekend in central London but on a budget	Staff were ALL really welcoming and attentive and gave good advice. Breakfast (continental) was so good we didn't bother with a cooked one but they looked good and were served quickly. Room was modern, very comfortable, all the usual facilities including big TV and walk in shower. All clean and smelled pleasant. Very convenient for tube, river transport to 02 and Westminster. Conference facilities looked OK too. A great find - we will be going back soon!	
Apr 2 2009 	Ideal hotel	Would stay here again. Very pleased with our budget room and the service we received during our two day stay. Hotel location is ideal for sightseeing and very close to the tube station. Planning on staying here again very soon.	
Mar 31 2009 	Simply the best	I have stayed in many hotels over the last twenty years and the Apex stands out as a beaconof excellence in an otherwise sea of mediocracy. The hotel is located within a very short walking distance of Tower Hill tube station which is well served by the CIrcle and Disrtrict lines. The rooms and public areas of the hotel are the cleanest I have ever seen, and the young staff are a credit. This is the only hotel I have tsayed in where I cannot find fault. This is the only hotel to stay at if in London.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great location very comfortable bed quiet great bath very clean good value.	I stayed at the Apex City of London hotel for a weekend break sightseeing 27th and 28th March 09. Clio in Reservations had been extremely helpful with my booking, and I found the rest of the staff to be very friendly and helpful also. Bathroom was spotless, with a huge deep bath, which was wonderful, a great shower, and the toiletries were lovely, and plentiful. Bedroom also very clean - the bed was huge and very comfortable - I had a great night's sleep both nights with no outside noise at all. There was a fridge and safe in the room - both of which I was glad to use. I had paid the extra for the full breakfast when I booked, and you could have it in your room if you wanted (which I did the first morning - it came at the requested time and everything was nice and hot) although the fare laid out for the Continental breakfast also looked delicious so I would probably just have that next time. Location is excellent; just 2 mins walk from Tower Hill tube and lots of buses, and a couple of nice pubs nearby which also serve food. I was out sightseeing every day and it was lovely to come back to such a peaceful room, soak in the bath, and relax with all the extra cushions provided on the bed! I would definitely stay here again, and would recommend the hotel to friends and anyone I know travelling to London. The weekend rates are very good for such a high standard of accommodation, and very good value for London. Rates during the week are higher, though, as being in the City of London which is still largely a business district, it attracts business visitors through Sun to Fri. All in all I could not find fault with anything about this hotel; I really enjoyed my stay there and will definitely book Apex City of London hotel on my next trip to London!	
Mar 30 2009 	Probably the best deal in London!	You would be hard pressed to find a place in London that has a better location and rates than the Apex. It is located down a quiet lane within very easy walking distance of Tower Bridge and Tower of London! The rooms are quite nice, nothing to complain about. I paid for a deluxe room and got upgraded to a junior suite which was awesome! The only down thing is the food there is crap and finding something as simple as water or a coke can be at best a frustrating task! Overall, it's tough to think of a better location and better price, especially considering it's London where expensive is the norm!	
Mar 23 2009 	Another perfect stay at Apex	This was our second stay at Apex, and again it was perfect. Booked same Deluxe room, very spacious, clean, full of light. Like the previous time, the airco was a bit too cold but there was an extra heating device in the room this time which provided enough heat. Personnel very kind, bar is nice, we did not try the restaurant though.Location is very good, though not as central as Piccadilly or Covent garden, everything is accessible with the tube, a short 3 min. walk from the hotel. There are also bus lines going to the center of town.For the price (booked early on internet at a very interesting rate), we never had a better stay in any other hotel in London. I will definitely go back to Apex every time I go to London, and I always recommend it to all friends and family !	
Mar 22 2009 	Efficient business place with a nice decoration	The apex is conveniently located and offers a better value than other hotels in the city. the staff is nice, freindly and helpfull and does it best even if the hr policy of the hotel seems to consist of employing non hotels professional which english needs to be polished. Rooms are great, especially the so called luxury which are junior suite at very affordable price for London city. Free Wi-fi internet in the room. Great food at the restaurant as well as in room service.	
Mar 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed 3 nights in March and loved the hotel. Rooms were spacious and staff were generally friendly. Excellent location and overall good value for money. Will definitely stay again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great hotel.	Great hotel, situated opposite to the Tower of London and a couple of minutes walk from Tower Bridge and a tube station, close to a few bars and restaurants which was handy, fairl close to the rail station that brought us from London city airport. Friendly staff, big room, comfy bed and nice interior.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Location Great Value	Just returned after 3 day City Break at the Apex. Having arrived in the City at 08:00 worrying about baggage showers etc we were delighted to have our room available at 09:30 (how rare is that) A chic modern hotel 5 minutes walk from Tower Hill underground. Reception staff attentive enough to sort a slight hic in our booking very quickly . Although we didn't spend much time there our room was spacious with huge bed big plasma screen and all mod cons Definitely one to be used again in the future. Only criticism bar prices where we got caught just once but wont get caught again	
Mar 9 2009 	Great hotel would definately recommend.	Myself and 3 female family members stayed here for 2 nights from the 6th of March for a girly weekend break in London and we absolutely loved this hotel. We had a nightmare of a taxi journey from Gatwick airport as the taxi driver got lost and ended up driving us around in circles which ended up taking a good hour chunk out of our first day in London and we were all pretty grumpy by the time we got to the hotel but our mood was not long in changing once we saw the hotel. The staff at reception were very nice and friendly and we were checked in very quickly and efficiently. We had booked 2 standard twin rooms, both of which were non smoking, we had to ring down to reception to change one of the rooms to a smoking room as 2 of our party were smokers but this was done with little hassle. The view was not great but this did not bother us at all and if you want a room with a view you have the option of upgrading. The beds are extremely comfortable and the rooms are spotless, and very modern. The bathroom in our room was lovely and big with a wet room but unfortunately my sister and mother were not so lucky, you had to climb into the bath to take a shower but as they were only given this room at the last minute due to requiring a smoking room we did not complain about this. The location is great, we were delighted to see that we were only a stones throw from Tower Bridge and the Tower of London which look amazing when lit up at night time. It is a bit of walk into the city centre especially if you don't know where you are going so we just hopped into a taxi which was reasonable. We had continental breakfast included in our rate which was lovely, as there was a great choice in the continental option, juice, tea, toast, pastries, cold meat, cheese, yoghurts and fruit. On the 2nd morning i paid 5 pounds extra for the hot breakfast which was nice but quite small. The only thing it would not recommend is eating in the hotel restaurant, the food was only ok and there was not a great choice on the menu. Overall, this is a great comfortable hotel, with lovely friend staff, all of which i must compliment. I would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend this to anyone looking to book a couple of nights in London.	
Mar 8 2009 	Feels like our second home	I have stayed at the Apex, City of London with various members of my family on at least 12 occasions. The facilities are excellent - the food is to die for and the staff are the friendliest I have come accross. We ALWAYS get a warm welcome and the service and consideration from the Restaurant manager is second to none. We visit London regularly to visit our family and we wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else!!	
Mar 4 2009 	class elegant and relaxing	stayed in the apex for a weekend and was delighted with everything from the check in to the room service ( still top class at 3.00am) to the check out.Sad to leave as we were there for a fun weekend in london and the apex helped round of a great weekend will be back soom	
Mar 4 2009 	Superb modern facilities	Me and my family stayed in this hotel for a weekend trip. We booked budget rooms, which are advertised as having little or no natural daylight, but were half the normal price. As we planned to be out most of the time, and only in the room at night, we decided to risk it. It was absolutely no problem, and did not detract from the excellent standard of rooms we were in.The bedrooms are very modern, spotlessly clean and include a huge LCD tv with good channels, tea and coffee, free wifi, fridge, free water, great bathroom with power shower and fancy toiletries.We flew into Stansted and got the Stansted Express to Liverpool Street Station. The hotel is 10 minute walk away. Although on Saturday and Sunday the immediate area is dead as it is the business area, we walked to Brick Lane in about 15 minutes, and had a great balti curry. We were all delighted with this hotel, and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 4 2009 	A real 'gem' in the heart of London!	An outstanding hotel in terms of friendliness, welcome and attentiveness to the customer. It is a hotel that rewards frequent visitors to the Apex City of London. On our recent visit we were offered a 'free upgrade' to one of their luxury rooms. In addition, the quality of the food at breakfast is first-rate, again with attentive staff on hand.My wife and I always look forward to returning to the Apex City of London, where we know we will be guaranteed an excellent stay - immensely good value too!	
Mar 3 2009 	Excellent value for money and freindly service	Stayed at the Apex City end of Feb for my birthday , everything was great even to the little duck in the bathroom, a nice touch also was water in your room ,also nice toiletries better than most, the room very modern and clean with a comfy bed, all the staff very friendly and obliging, the breakfast not your usual buffet, but everything freshly made which was a nice change and lots and lots of toast of which you usually have to ask for more, in all a very good experience will be back in August if not before, also the Apex are opening two other hotels nearby in the city.J. Naylor	
Mar 1 2009 	Excellent stay	This was my second stay at the hotel.Got an amazing price from Lastminute.com supersale. Towerhill tube stationw as closed so I got train to aldgate which is a 10-15min walk to the hotel. Checked in was a breeze , I was given a room in the new section of the hotel which is accessed to the right of the check in desks.The room was really nice , modern , 42inch huge lcd tv, really nice bathroom. Tv channels inclde sky sports channels.Toiletries were really nice , huge bottles of shampo, conditioner, moisteriser and shower gel.Free WFI included in room , good fast service and easy to connect to.We didn't have brekfast included but the room had a empty fridge to store food.The only problem we had was the rooms are fully sound proofed we could hear the neighbours shouting and had to call receiption to ask them to speak to them.We got a good night sleep once they had spooken to the noisy neighbours.	
Feb 28 2009 	Hotel ideally situated near tube business district	Situated in a business district and close to the tube, this hotel is an ideally situated.Check in was fast and friendly. I arrived way ahead of normal check in time but a room was available so I could get myself installed in the room (superior king room)For london standards the room is quite big. There was a king size bed which fills up 90 % of the room. A big tv screen and a small desk fills the rest. Not too much space to walk about. The king size bed is actually made out of two beds. They did a good job hiding it (I only found out during my last night) but I would still prefer a real king size bed.Bathroom is pretty spacious with a powerful shhower and a separate bathtub.The hotel has excellent gym facilities which are open 24/7. Ideal for late night or early morning workouts.Internet access via wifi is free. Big advantage.I did not have breakfast there as London offers a lot of choice and my experience with business hotel breakfast is below par.Check out was again fast, professional and friendly.If you can get a decent rate, consider this hotel.	
Feb 24 2009 	A hidden gem of a hotel	My 3rd stay in this hotel, and I can't praise it enough, clean, modern, great service, good value, and great location, very quiet and peaceful, but still remaining close enough to all the sights. I am in London again in March and have already booked another room.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great Room and Staff	What a great hotel! Highly recommend booking a superior double room - as some good deals out there. The room was amazing - huge comfy bed, good size sofa and big TV, funky lighting and great photography framed on the walls. The bathroom also has speakers so you can hear the radio in the shower!! All staff very polite and friendly. Nearest tube station 2 mins walk away and you can walk along the Thames and be in Covent Garden in 25 minutes. Will 100% be back to this hotel.	
Feb 21 2009 	More of a Business Hotel	Spend 3 nights over the weekend in early Feb 09. It is located within the London financial district and about 10mins walk to Tower Hill Tube Station. You can walk to Tower of London within 15mins. The room is excellent with nice pictures hanging on the wall, flat screen TV mounted on the walk, free Wireless Internet and local calls. Bathroom is very comfortable with bath tub and shower seperate. The toiletries provided are great however no slippers though. This is more of a business hotel and not many restaurants are opened around the hotel during the weekend.	
Feb 20 2009 	Another great stay	Our fourth stay at this hotel - and of consistently high standard. Welcomed back - a nice touch. Travelled with elderly parent and requests for nearby rooms followed on each visit. Rooms not large but spotless, tastefully decorated and quiet. Good location near Tower of London and nearby tube. Staff welcoming and helpful. We didn't bother with full English breakfast - the continental breakfast was plentiful and varied.	
Feb 18 2009 	Very Family Friendly very welcoming Enjoyed the Stay	The service right from the start was excellent. Our daughter enjoyed the friendly attention while checking in. we enjoyed a quiet evening in our room and it was so quiet that we felt very relaxed. The room had everything that we needed. The location was perfect for the Tower of London and the metro system was so close for travelling anywhere. The best thing about the hotel was the service at breakfast, nothing was to much for the staff. There didn't seem to be anything to dislike about the hotel.	
Feb 18 2009 	If you can find a better hotel in Central London for the money I'll eat my hat	We stayed at the Apex with a couple of friends back in November, almost entirely based on the TripAdvisor reviews here. We paid just over £110 a room including VAT for a Superior King, and for that money we weren't expecting anything too amazing, especially considering some of the rooms have been described here as a bit pokey and not too exciting.Well, how wrong can you be. We were placed into a newly refurbished block which can't have been open more than a week or two, as I am fairly sure from the state of the room that we were the first people ever to stay in them. There was the very slight smell of fresh paint, and everything was absolutely spotless, it was like the hotel room equivalent of a show house.Sure, the room wasn't huge, but the TV certainly was, a big 42&quot; plasma monster taking up much of your field of vision at the bottom of the bed! The bathroom was also immaculate with the obligatory Apex duck (which my missus has since adopted, although sadly he floats upside down, the poor big-headed duck). The location was great, although admittedly you need to go a few tube stops round the Circle line to get anywhere with a good number of bars and restaurants, but you're only a 3 minute walk from Tower Hill station so that suited us fine.The only negative point from our stay is that the bar shut up shop about 1am, when the bar was half full - call me old fashioned, but when I stay at a hotel I expect the bar to stay open until the last patron leaves, or at least until some time a bit later than it did, but it's a very slight niggle in an otherwise excellent stay. Staff were excellent and went out of their way to make sure we enjoyed ourselves. Free wifi as mentioned elsewhere is such a small gesture but makes a huge difference to customer satisfaction - I get so used to paying £15+ for 24 hours in London hotels, when all I really need is 10 minutes to look something up. So more plus points here.The follow-up email I received a week or two after staying urging me to come on here and write a review did explain the rather large number of ratings and reviews for this place, but they all seem fairly spot-on to me, and the place really is good for the money considering the location. Would definitely stay again.PS - I don't really own a hat, so if you do find a better hotel for the money, I won't really be eating it, though I'd love to know where that hotel is!	
Feb 17 2009 	I won't stay anywhere else in London now....the Apex is unbeatable in every way	I am surprised at some of the reviews on here. To be honest most of them are good but the negatives I would say are unfounded if you have done your research.1. You are not in the centre of London here (you are in the City) - this is good - it's quiet and more relaxed.2. The breakfast we had was gorgeous (we had a full english) - the waiter was extremely attentive. Compared to other hotels in London we thought it was cheap!3. Yes VAT is added on top - isn't that the same with every hotel? I don't understand how people who book online don't know the total cost as it is very clear on the website4. The shower was hot....again I don't understand how people cannot work out how to use the shower to get it hot? Basically, we loved it and have booked to stay there again in March. We have also recommended it to many friends who were also very happy with their stay. For a weekend stay, it is the best value hotel I have ever stayed in for the pure fact it is extremely well furnished (the furniture is modern but looks expensive and bathrooms are stunning), it's very clean, the staff are very friendly and check in and out very efficient. On top of that the free toiletries are HUGE and smell gorgeous! You just don't get that anywhere else in London unless you pay double the price. I really don't think people appreciate how expensive London hotels are.The only negative I have is that we had to go out so didnt get to spend more time in the room!Again, thank you to the staff - the price went down in between us booking and staying there, which I noticed when looking at the price for my friends that wanted to stay there. The staff straight away moved our booking to the new cheaper rate. We then were given a complimentary upgrade when we arrived.Please don't read in to any of the negative comments, you will not be disappointed if you stay here.	
Feb 16 2009 	Comfy stylish and big bed	This hotel was a great base for seeing the sites like London Bridge and The Tower of London. We stayed in the delux suite which was very spacious. The bed was huuuuge and very comfy. The bathroom was clean and modern with a powerful hot shower. We didnt eat breakfast at the hotel following other comments but popped 2 mins round the corner to Weatherspoons and had breakfast for £8.	
Feb 16 2009 	Fantastic Stay at Apex city	Absolutely top class hotel, cant believe its only 3 stars. The decor was very stylish and modern, very clean surrounds, just a 3 min walk from Tower hill tube. Check in was prompt and friendly. We'd the stay already paid for and didnt need credit card deposits or anything. The room itself had a lovely wide bed, flat screen tv, dvd player, iron &amp; ironing board, hair dryer, everything you could need really. I agree with fellow reviewers, the bathrooms are excellent, huge walk in shower, huge bath tub, nice big fluffy towels refreshed each day. The breakfasts are served downstairs in a lounge area, just off reception, we had included in our booking price the continental which was all you needed, buffet choice of cereals, apple/orange juice, milk, water, fruit, yogurts, ham, cheese, salami, toast, bread rolls, tea/coffee, croissants, pastries, muffins. A wide newspaper selection for your morning catch up. Great breakfast! Check out was very quick also very effficient. Would definitely stay here again, great value.	
Feb 16 2009 	Solid Foundation Minor Flaws	This is a lovely hotel very close to Tower Hill tube stop. Easy walking distance from Bank tube stop too. We stayed for 1 night on 14th February 2009. The hotel was easy to locate and in a very quiet street. Upon arrival the staff at reception were nice and helpful, the speed of service was not the fastest I have experienced but nothing to worry about. After we checked in {we stayed in a Delux King - Room 614} we took the lift to the sixth floor and found our room easily enough. The room itself was a good size, enough room for a sofa, bed &amp; desk. There was also the biggest TV I have ever seen. The bathroom was lovely, with a walk in shower and a deep bath, all very clean and new looking. Our stay at the hotel was excellent, the staff were friendly, the room was spotlessly clean, and the facilities were excellent. We have stayed in lots of high end hotels and this one was in our top 10. I would highly recommend it. Gay Friendly.***Now for the flaws***Although there was not many flaws with the hotel I always think its worth mentioning them however small.Firstly the TV picture quality was not good, the TV was hugh but watching it was difficult. The pillow covers didn't fit the pillows correctly. The selection or tea and coffee was a joke. Only English Breakfast and instant non-brand coffee. The room was £165 a night and this was not to standard. There was a crack in the toilet bowl, which just looked unsightly. In the morning one of the other guests was playing music extremely load, it even covered up the building work from outside. Although the sound system in the room is Bose and very clear, its not too good if you on in a neighboring room. Non on the windows were able to open. Obviously a safety feature but if you want some fresh hair its difficult. And thats about it really. Nothing too bad with the hotel. All On all its a nice hotel	
Feb 12 2009 	Free wifi = good for business	This is definitely one of my top three hotels when staying in London for business purposes, for the following reasons:1. FREE WIFI (A lot of other hotels take note - we need this!!!!)2. Excellent bathrooms (toiletries are particularly impressive, as is the plastic duck provided at no extra cost)3. Excellent in-room dining menu.I hate being ripped off for Wifi when staying in a hotel and Apex thankfully buck the trend in this area. It doesn't cost much to do but the result is repeat custom from myself in the longer term.	
Feb 11 2009 	Stylish hotel with great rooms in City location	We were looking for multiple rooms in the City of London in January 2009 and chose Apex initially due to it's modern and stylish look. The arrival and check-in was smooth and sleek and we were welcomed at the door by the assistant general manager himself. The reception staff were extremely courteous and helpful. We were treated to an upgrade in the standard room and once in the rooms we were not dissappointed. Very clean, well laid out rooms with lovely beds and the bathroom was also impressive. The shower however was the most pleasing, a huge walk-in shower, very hot, very strong water supply available and plenty of it.Pre-dinner drinks in the evening were spent in the lovely ambience of the lounge bar among freinds where we enjoyed a wide range of beers and spirits. The location of the hotel also made it easy to choose where to eat with so many restaurants nearby. So many sights of London to see too in this area.Breakfast is served just off the lobby and serves an a la carte breakfast menu with fine service in calming surroundings.We enjoyed our stay and will definitely book again. We wholly reccommend it. N.Ginger	
Feb 10 2009 	Great City Break Hotel	We stayed at Apex City of London Hotel when we visited London for my birthday. It was booked as a late deal and was excellent value for money. Located in the centre of London, it is actually just round the corner from the Tower of London, and only 10 minutes away from the West End by tube where we went to see a show, infact had the weather been good we could have probably walked it! When we arrived we found a well presented hotel, very clean with a modern-retro décor. We were greeted by professional yet very friendly check-in staff and whizzed through the check-in process. We stayed in a City-King room, which was just lovely. Although the room was small it was immaculately clean, the décor was fantastic and the room contained all the necessary items for a weekend break. I particularly liked the fact that an iron and ironing board were available in room. The bathroom was great with a bath and separate shower and full compliment of toiletries, I need not have packed my shower bag at all. Wi-fi internet access was available in room and the first 24hrs were free, ideal for anyone who cannot bear to be without an internet connection. My favourite novelty factor of the hotel though was the multicoloured cow in the hotel foyer - genius! Would I stay here again? Most definitely yes!	
Feb 9 2009 	so pleased!	I decided to book the apex on the back of the great reviews here. so pleased! We arrived on Friday night at 9pm and we were tired and cold. The room was so nice that we decided to do something unusual for London tourists....stay in and order room service! It was very good.....mussels and chips yum yum!! the room and bathroom were spotless. the room was a decent size although the bed and bath were a little on the small side. These would literally be my only criticisms of the place, and even then I'm nit-picking. We paid for breakfast when we booked. This was continental and there was plenty of choice.....fruit, yoghurts, cereal, bread and lots of patisserie. Service both on the desk and at breakfast was superb.location was really handy and it felt like a safe, smart and well-maintained area. We were there at the weekend however and it was DEAD as it is a business area and probably has a better buzz Monday-Friday. We passed about ten restaurants that were all closed on a Saturday night. So you may well have to go further afield for real nightlife/eating out....but you're in London so that's no bad thing! i would definitely go back to this hotel!	
Feb 9 2009 	Bad	This hotel is made for people who are in London for business and who are unlikely have time to enjoy the room. The rooms have a size of prison window. They are dark. No view whatsoever. The bathrooms are below average. I only booked it because I tried their sister in Dundee (which was nothing like this) so certainly would not recommend the London one.	
Feb 9 2009	Location not great but okay!	Rooms were clean, modern with hair dryer, iron which was good. There was a CD/DVD player if you wanted to bring music. We couldnt figure out the air conditioning so we were cold the whole time which was not good as it was snowing outside so we wanted to come in to a cosy room. There was a power shower but the water was never hot it was only tepid! We informed the reception of this on departure and they said that there was a safety button on the shower. I could not see this and I was sorry I had waited until we left to mention anything because cold showers were not pleasant. The hotel is located in the financial district and everything closes on saturday and sunday, there was no shops, pubs etc open so you had to go on the tube to see any signs of life. Liverpool Station is approx a 20 minute walk away which isnt too bad. I like this hotel, no major complaints. If I was to return to London I would stay somewhere more central (ie somewhere on the Central line) Staying in this hotel meant we were getting taxis alot.	
Feb 5 2009 	Nice Hotel Poor Service	We booked this hotel on 1800 Hotel and got a great price for two nights B&amp;B. Then my husband upgraded our room before arrival to a deluxe room for an extra 120 pounds. The Hotel is right beside the underground station, right hand side of the station, about a two minute walk down a lovely side street. The hotel is very modern and clean, our room was lovely on the third floor looking out the front, it was a large room with a big flat screen TV and couch area, nice bathroom and big shower.The breakfast was disappointing though, we thought when we upgraded that we would get a full cooked breakfast but we only got the continental breakfast which was just OK. The service in the restaurant was very slow, and I had to ask for tea and toast three times one morning. The day we were leaving the weather was terrible, very heavy snow and the Airport was closed. We asked for a rate to stay another night and was told they wanted another 250 pounds for one night in a standard room, well we stayed in another hotel near the Airport for 54 pounds which was great.I did like this hotel, room was lovely but the service was not great, it is very handy for the underground station and to walk along the Thames River.	
Feb 2 2009 	Lovely Hotel breakfast rip off	We stayed here from Friday 23rd til Sunday 25th January. Was really impressed with the hotel, the room was lovely, small...but then we didn't come to London to stay in the room. Bathroom lovely and immaculately clean.On check in, our rates were confirmed, and we decided to pay for one morning's breakfast (as I fancied an old school greasy spoon for the sunday morning). Big mistake. For £15 it really was a joke. The continental breakfast was really disappointing. Choice of cereals almost non existant, only bread, no croissants, and a tray of ham and cheese. The cooked part was ok, but very greasy and included the strangest tasting black pudding i've ever had!The hotel is amazingly quiet for being in the centre of London, beds really comfy so we had 2 nights of wonderful sleep! Really close to tube stations and bus stops.On check out, our bill was a lot more than was quoted to us on check in. The difference in room rates was explained as VAT charges, but strangely the VAT had clearly been added under each night. The receptionist, as polite as she was, was foreign and it was difficult for her to understand us and vice versa. After a lot of to-ing and fro-ing and us refusing to pay a higher charge, they eventually relented and charged us the proper rate.Also, they will preapprove your credit card for hidden extras. Hubby didn't mind this as we had no intention of charging anything to the room, but if you don't have too much left on your credit card it will decline. I had a problem with this as feel it is unfair, if they do not want anything charged to the room it should be clearly marked on your account.All in all, would stay here again, perfect location and lovely hotel, but I would definitely NOT pay for breakfast again, there is so much nearby a lot cheaper and probably a lot nicer!	
Feb 1 2009 	Good Hotel	First time staying at this hotel, usually stay at the London Bridge Hotel,but fancied a change. So glad we did! Room was large with a sofa which made it more pleasant to watch tv. The bathroom was a good size. Everything was very clean and comfortable. We got a good deal through Alpha rooms, which included continental breakfast - which was more than adequate. Dining room very pleasant. The tube station is literally a 5 minute walk away. Overall a good experience. We will definitely return!	
Feb 1 2009 	My new favourite hotel	I stayed in Apex City of London hotel on Friday night and it was by far the best hotel Ive ever stayed in. The staff were lovely, especially the receptionist, I think her name was Kasia. Every staff member was always smiling and very helpful. I got an upgrade to a lovely room, which was spotless, and had an amazing bathroom, with a huge bath and walk in shower. The little rubber duck on the bath was also a lovely addition, even though it didnt float. I ordered a burger and chips from the roomservice menu which was delicious. I cant wait to come back with my boyfriend and stay for a longer trip. Definatley worth a visit. One piece of advise though, if you are getting the underground, I think it says on the website that you can use Aldgate station or Tower Hill, but its much easier by Tower Hill	
Jan 27 2009 	Good hotel but...	This is a very nice hotel located next to the Tower of London. Quiet location, central to the city, but not the West End or shopping. Nice area across the river (Shad Thames) for dinner at night. The hotel is priceworthy and nice, but breakfast is not included and is NOT worth the £15 they charge. They heartily recommended the breakfast so we took it. Disappointment... We came to the breakfastroom 20 minutes before closing and had to wait 10 minutes for a table. Don't know why, there were many free tables, but we were told to wait by a rather stressed out waiter. There was hardly anyting left, not even bread. We asked for more bread, and the waiter just looked at us.... So not worth the money when you know what kind of breakfast £15 buys you in London...Otherwise the hotel seemed clean and nice enough. We had an upgraded room and that was nice. Upon arrival they had not put an extra bed in our room as requested in two e-mails (Ibrought copies of mails, have had bad experience before...)That delayed our check-in and they tried to have us pay for upgrade to larger room to accomodate us, but then upgraded for free which was appreciated.All in all, very nice but not perfect.	
Jan 21 2009 	Our Second Stay at the Apex	This was our second stay at the Apex.Again, our room was lovely - however slightly smaller than the first room we had. Good spacious bathroom, with separate bath &amp; walk in shower. Our only dissapointment was the breakfast...It was my other half's Birthday, so I treated him to Breakfast. Not impressed by the service...I ordered what was on the menu as Belgian Waffle(S) with Banana and Cream, and the other half ordered Porridge with Blueberries &amp; Maple Syrup. We were bought out A Waffle (singular) and Pancakes? By the time that thecorrec dish - Porridge - was bought out I had finished my Waffle. For the cost of the Breakfast - even on London prices - I was extremely dissapointed and felt ripped off, as the waffle was definately not made in house but bought from a supermarket.We made a complaint on check out the General Manager, which was resolved to our satisfaction.One tip would be to get breakfast outside of the hotel.... Even for london prices its very expensive - especially when there is a Wetherspoons a stones throw away! At least there you pay for and expect things to be just microwaved/re-heated! I must admit that the evening and lunch menu did look good so would be willing to give those a try on our next visit.I have also booked the hotel for my parents Anniversary later on in the year, so can only hope that the hotel will continue to deliver the hight standards that I have passed onto them!	
Jan 20 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Apex City of London for one night after a day's Christmas shopping. The room was beautiful and the staff were so helpful. Breakfast was first class and once again all members of staff were so attentive. We cannot wait to stay again.Vanda and Clive Jones	
Jan 11 2009 	Lovely modern hotel great quiet location.	We stayed here on NY Eve, with some friends also in the room next door. We booked cheapest rooms, but were upgraded on arrival. It was only the next level up and the room wasn't big, but the bed was a lovely King Size with a huge 37 inch LCD TV at the botoom. Room was very quiet, if a little dark unless you angled the bed-side lights, but we didn't worry about this too much.Hotel is in a nice quiet location close to The City, and close to Tower Hill Tube. I would imagine it gets very busy in the week, but on NY Eve everywhere nearby was closed save for the odd pub. It didn't matter as were off elsewhere for NY celebrations.Upon check out we thought our rate was £119 inclusive, but the rate advertised was ex VAT so beware of this. Perhaps our mistake but we expected £119. Anyway all in all it was a great hotel, with no problems to report, other than we couldn't get hot water for a bath at 5pm, but shower was hot, weird one that.Will stay again, in fact we are planning a return for Dec 31 2009 already.	
Jan 5 2009 	Cold but good hotel	Basically it is a good hotel for the money you pay; about 83 pounds per night (booked in august 2008) Stayed 2 nights, in two different rooms. In addition, 1 pound = 1 euro at the moment, extra advantage!As the other reviewers were saying the staff is ok, the location is very good, clean spacious rooms and nice gym etc. We didnt take the breakfast because of the high cost, just walk down towards saint pauls cathedral and numerous places can be found to grab a nice sandwich for a few pounds. The hotel has a few flaws. In the bathrooms several items were not properly mounted on the wall. Also no heating in the bathroom. Unfortunately the heating system was broken on the 6th floor and our first night was therefore a bit cold. We complained several times at the front desk and got another room (upgrade), which was ok. In conclusion, we had a great time!	
Jan 3 2009 	A bit upset	I really enjoyed to stay here over the christmas holiday, the staff was kind and mostly very helpful (except when housekeeping took one of our keycards from our room). The linen were really noisy, so you couldn't turn i bed without waking up the person next to you (weird problem, I know). Beds were a bit hard, and the air condition was on the fritz, it was nowhere near 25 degrees in our room (more like 19-20). Nice room, spacious minifridge and bathroom. As usual, we got a view facing an alley... Our room was located very near the elevators, so we could hear the voice coming from there every time the doors opened. Well equipped gym!Located very close to the Tower Hill underground station, so you won't find a better hotel at this price anywhere this central.The thing that really bothers me, is that they reserved the cost of the stay at my creditcard, without saying they did so! This means that they reserved 400 pounds on my creditcard, even though I payed in cash the very next day! I payed on december 23rd, and I STILL haven't gotten my money back! I am in dire need of that money, but the hotel has totally ignored my e-mail about it.I can understand that they want to reserve the amount for safety reasons, but they should tell you about it - and inform you that you might not get your reserved money back in a couple of weeks!If you're staying - don't pay in cash if you need your money. Other than that, it's a nice hotel.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Hotel	This is an excellent hotel which is about a 2 minute walk from Tower Hill tube station.It's a short walk from the tower of london and plenty of bars and restaurants in the near viscinity.Room was excellent - large shower and bath, also a large bed with a sofa and flatscreen tv. Bottles of water left in the room each morning and tea making facilities topped up.The only reason i've given it 4 stars instead of 5 was due our double bed being 2 singles joined together and problems with the air con in the room. Apart from those minor problems it was excellent.We ate breakfast aroung the corner in the wetherspoons pub as it was £15 for breakfast in the hotel,there is also a gym in the hotel which looked well equipped.Other plus points were the dvd player in the room and free rental service of about 200 dvd's,also the staff were very helpful and kept our bags till the afternoon after we had checked out.	
Jan 2 2009 	Lovely modern hotel	Stayed overnight here as a theatre package for our daughters christmas present and was pleasantly surprised it was a lovely clean modern hotel near to the Tower of london with easy access to the underground. Our rooms were nice and had the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in! No views out of the windows though just buildings and offices but other than that it was great. Staff were very helpful and couldn't fault the breakfast, delicious!	
Jan 1 2009 	Lovely hotel	My daughter and I booked this hotel onroute to spend time with my family at Christmas,i thought it would be rather expensive but was very surprised when i paid an absolute bargain online and got breakfast included!The hotel was in a great location,as was catching train from Fenchurch Street station(just 5 mins away!),plus right on top of Tower bridge,so made a nice place for a little walk and visit.My daughter was very excited about the hotel when we arrived and even more so the room(well i was too!).The hotel looked stunning in all its festive lights and trees,the staff at the reception were lovely and we was even offered help with our bags to our room,very nice!We had booked a City room,we had a large kingsized bed and large walk-in powershower/bath,all modcons,coffee,tea etc,cute little toilitries and the duck of course!We even had a dvd player and you could hire films for a hire charge(which would be reimbursed to you when you returned the dvd).The room was rather warm and you couldnt open the windows,but there was air conditioning which you could change to suit you.Our breakfast was included in the price and there was a great choice,continental or full breakfast,with pastries,fruit etc,anything you wanted!The staff in the restaurant were very attentive and anything you asked for was got for you!Right now,i only have a couple of things which i wasnt too happy about(although these things wouldnt put me off staying there on another occasion),these were the room at nightime,i had asked for the quietest room possible(as my daughter and i are light sleepers),but was put in a room at the front of the hotel and was told the traffic wasnt noisy,but it was!I would have liked to have opened the window,but the noise would have been worse,so glad i couldnt!The other thing was just one thing at breakfast,although it was tasty and a fab choice,i wouldnt ask for scrambled egg again,as it was the oddest i had ever seen or tasted!It was orange and sloppy,so left that!So if you are thinking of staying at the Apex City Hotel London,then if you can get a bargain or its just a treat,then go ahead,you wont be disappointed!Hope this helps...	
Dec 29 2008 	Great Hotel	Lovely hotel, staff great. Loved the decor and the rooms. Found it quite strange you had to ask staff to open the windows for you, but overall, hotel was great.	
Dec 29 2008 	Loved the Apex hotel	i thought i should write a review about this hotel.When we arrived early morning the room was not available but we wee able to leave our luggage in a room and they took my mobile number and text me when the room was available.So when we went back to the hotel after the text we were given room 316 on the third floor i booked a deluxe king room witch is three up from the basic room, it was huge had a massive bed and a sofa area with a huge plasma TV. Room came with bathrobes, toiletries and slippers, as well as a Nespreso maker.We were given complimentary drinks voucher each and a box of chocloates too - and of course the rubber duck in teh bathroom!the hotel is about 5 mins from Tower Hill station and about 5 mins from two pubs although we did not use them.Our rate included brwakfast and we were entitled to continental including cerials, jams, bread, pastries, fruit etc and also a full english! very tasty!overall this is a truley wonderfull hotel located in a good and convienent location and would i reccommend it to my friends - YOU BET I WOULD!	
Dec 15 2008 	Another excellent review	I would like to add my own brief contribution to what seems to be a long list of 'satisfied customers' following a stay at the Apex City of London for a 'birthday break ' with my wife 12-14th December 2008. Your previous reviewers have commented on the high quality of the surroundings, decor etc which we endorse, but for us , the key feature of our stay was the genuine courtesy and high standard of service shown by all staff at all levels. Without being patronising or obsequious the management and staff were clearly committed to looking after the welfare of the guests. Thank you.	
Dec 14 2008 	Fab fab fab!!!	The Apex is in a fantastic location for local attractions and transport and is a hotel full of modern chic and luxuries. The room was spacious and clean with all the mod cons and treats you could ask for, we didn't ask for the rubber duck but it went down well anyway!!! Warm, comfortable and relaxing, this is by far the best hotel we have stayed in for a long time. The staff were generally very helpful, even hailing a taxi for us, something we are definitely not accustomed to!! We cannot really grumble about the hotel but lets try!! The only real negative was breakfast. The food was lovely, although no beans, well thats not entirely true, you can have beans but you have to ask!! The staff were the main problem. It probably wasn't intentional but headless chickens springs to mind!!! We did expect more in a hotel of this calibre but were sadly let down on this score and had to beg for cutlery, tea, toast, and other such oddities!!!! Luckily this didn't ruin our trip, we would definitely stay in this or another Apex hotel and although you probably can find cheaper accomodation, you won't find better for the money you will pay here, which is pretty reasonable really for all the added extras. On the whole, loved it!!	
Dec 12 2008	Nice hotel but small rooms	We really like this hotel and got a great weekend deal. It is within walking distance to the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, and Tower tube station. The room was small, but clean. There was a nice bathtub and separate oversized shower.	
Dec 9 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed in this very plush Hotel for the weekend 21st -23rd november 2008 for my daughters 21st .We went to see a show and loads of sight seeing . The Apex was very convenient to the tube and was two minutes from Tower Bridge .The staff were really friendly and hotel was faultless especially the rooms .We also booked breakfast which again was excellent .We had a brilliant weekend mainly due to this hotel and we will be definately booking it again!!!!!!!!Mr J Walmsley	
Dec 5 2008 	Amazing hotel	I love this hotel, the chic decor and comfort of the room was fantastic. Located very close to the metro, makes visiting all the sights very easy. A fabulous find and a fantastic place to stay.	
Dec 4 2008 	Great bedrooms	The room was great. Was a deluxe on top floor. Great views etc. Bathroom looked great but was unheated so a bit too cold. Also the shower leaked on to the bathroom floor. Small problems really. Hotel interior was really well designed and the location was very handy, 2mins from nearest tube stop.	
Dec 2 2008 	Stylish and modern hotel	I stayed here in November 2008. The hotel is on a side street which means it is quiet as it is away from the road traffic. It is ideally placed for tourists (e.g. close to Windsor Castle) and for business people. The hotel is very stylish and modern. Check in was a bit slow. The room was a decent size, modern and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The only problem with the room was that the TV was too big for the size of the room. The comfy settee, which could not be moved, was too close to this large TV. You had to watch the TV from the bed otherwise you ran the risk of getting eye strain. The bathroom was impressive with a bath as well as a separate shower. However there was a smell of damp coming from the shower. The restaurant was bright and airy on the ground floor overlooking the street. I only had breakfast in the restaurant which was good with a reasonable selection. However the cooked breakfast was a bit pricey for a modest portion. Overall a decent and comfortable hotel.	
Nov 30 2008	Great value	Having decided we'd extend our annual shopping trip to London into an overnight stay, I was after somewhere representing good value for money. We got three rooms for myself, my wife and the three children, coming to a total of about £ 400 including breakfast. The rooms are new, clean modern and stylish. This represents terrific value - I should add it was the weekend, but even so very good for London. The location is good, very near Tower Hill tube, with cheap parking in Minories (£10 overnight Saturday to Sunday).The only gripes are that the room was a bit chilly, the minibar was empty (even though there was a price list) and the shower is pretty half hearted. None of this stops it from being great value though.	
Nov 29 2008 	Brilliant would definatley book again	Stayed here fri night, hotel really modern in its interior decoration. Room small with no view but tasteful clean and well decorated, fab bathroom with bath and large walk in shower. Ordered our evening meal to our room on arrival and the food was the best i have ever had from room service. My only gripe was that it took us ages to find the hotel in the dark on foot because the name sign is in letters about four inches high.	
Nov 26 2008 	Love this hotel!	The hotel was beautiful, very modern. The room was nice and comfortable. And the location was great 5 min from the tower of london. Bus stops near by go straight to all the main tourist attractions in london. The staff were excellent so friendly and helpful. Would definately stay again in a different city.	
Nov 26 2008 	A relaxing experience in London	From the moment we arrived we were treated exceptionally well.The reception staff were friendly ,well organised so you felt expected and welcomed. The bedroom was a super size with all ammenities in place a great place to relax after exploring London sights. After a great night's sleep we had one of the best breakfasts we have had in all our trips home and abroad.The yoghurt is to die for and the eggs benedict as good as any I've had in U.S.A.or Canada and all served by friendly attentive staff.The hotel is a haven within the bustle of London.	
Nov 24 2008 	Great value	Stayed just the one Friday night - a last-minute decision to spend a day and a bit in London to visit Borough Market and the Tate Modern. The hotel was excellent in almost all respects and good (by London standards, almost phenomenal) value for money.It's well-situated (my partner's only complaint was that it was surrounded by some atrocious Stalinist bank buildings) and welcoming.We had a room which was more than twice the size of rooms I've been charged twice as much for elsewhere (in London and in other cities). Excellent service from the desk, and clear identification of what cost and what didn't.Only slight issue we had was at breakfast - the service wasn't what it should have been, but it was very clear that the reason was training of brand-new staff, which we consider excusable (particularly given the standards elsewhere).	
Nov 19 2008 	Very disappointed with the Apex	I booked this hotel after reading the great reviews in Tripadvisor and was very much looking forward to it, however I was greatly disappointed with the customer service. We booked a king bed for 2 nights and were given two single mattresses pushed together; I consider this unacceptable for a 4 star hotel. Both the mattresses were different heights so there was an uncomfortable gap in the middle of the bed and the higher mattress would dig into your back while sleeping. Both of us found it uncomfortable to sleep during the whole stay and had completely restless nights. Our other issue concerned the cleaning service. The Apex is not a cheap hotel and the price did not include breakfast, therefore I would expect at least the rooms to be cleaned properly. When we arrived back after a day sightseeing, we discovered that the bed had not been made, all our towels had been taken and none replaced, all the (nearly full) shampoo, conditioner and shower gels had been taken and again not replaced. The toilet paper and shower cap were taken/not replaced. All in all, it appeared as though all they did was change the cups and glasses. We had to ring down for more supplies and were lucky that there was still someone there. When we checked out we nearly missed our reservation for breakfast as it took a very long time. The man at the desk had no idea how to use the credit card machine, or any of the systems. We made a complaint about the above issues and were asked to fill out a complaint form and it would be looked at. We did this but received no answer or acknowledgement. After several days I then went to the hote's website and filled out a feedback form. I gave full details and asked that we be contacted with some response. Again I have not been contacted or acknowledged at all. While this is not the worst thing that could happen in a hotel, I feel that if you book a room and it is not cleaned and you have no rest in it, it seems a complete waste of money. I would have been happy with some response or apology from the hotel, but my biggest gripe is that I have not received a single acknowledgement of my complaint. Customer service is what will bring a customer back time after time, but this hotel is sadly lacking in it.	
Nov 16 2008 	Love this hotel soooo much	I previously stayed here in June 2006 and thought it was one of the best hotels so I rebooked in as I thought highly of it before! The staff attitude: nothing is to much of a bother to them. They are polite, well mannered and would go out their way to help you! We had a deluxe king room and was bigger than what I imagined! We paid a good rate for the hotel, we ae re booked in for 4 weeks time!Its in a great location ... to catch tube, buses and the thames clipper which I highly recommend rather than tube as you get to see some sites of london. (which was recommended by a MET officier!) I love this hotel... roll on 4 weeks!	
Nov 14 2008 	Great for business travellers	Quick check in, easy to get into room. For a London hotel, in the centre, the room was a good size. The bathroom was huge for the UK, with a large shower and a separate bath. The shower was a power shower - the first in the UK? What bliss!!!Room nicely decorated but in business neutral style, not the stuff that memories are made of. Comfy bed. Didn't like the pillows. Location a bit empty at the weekend, but easy to get to livelier places and there was an excellent Italian (no pizza) within walking distance.Excellent, if I needed to be on that side of London, would book again immediately.	
Nov 13 2008 	Lovely hotel	Had a brand new room, in the brand new wing of the hotel. The room was clean, as it should be, being it was brand new, and was quite comfortable. The TV was at kind of a strange angle to the bed, but wasn't that much of a concern. The bathtub was huge, but unfortunately could not get water hot enough for a bath - although the shower was hot. Room service was prompt and prices were reasonable. Located just steps away from Tower Bridge tube station. Great location for a business trip, but might not recommend for someone vacationing in London.	
Nov 12 2008 	Well located fair price	Well located, close to London Tower, a bit far from tourist center (45' walking, which in fact is nothing!).Staff very very friendly, helping us in any moment.The room was confortable and very clear. It's a fair price for quality received, which is not very common in London!.	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent Value for London	My wife and I stayed at the Apex in October whilst visiting our daughter. At £115 per night the hotel was extremely good value by London standards. In a very pleasant location near the Tower of London and St Katharine Dock the hotel is convenient for many of the more interesting London's sights and only a short Tube trip to the West End. Our room was a good size with a very large modern bathroom, a sofa and a good quality TV/CD/DVD set up. Unusually for London there was very little traffic noise as the hotel is situated in a quiet side street. We would definitely recommend this and we have booked it again for our next visit.	
Nov 10 2008 	Very Nice But Over Priced	A very nice hotel, great location, nice rooms with loads of rooms, however makesure you get a room with a view! I only stayed for one night and had to make time to see the local attactions of London Bridge and Tower of London, both within 5 minuets walk, the only let down was the price of (GBP) £230.00 per night, but you do have to pay for a good hotel in London.Will I stay there again, probably not unless I win the lottery!	
Nov 3 2008 	Great hotel	We were looking for a reasonably priced hotel that was in a good location and we delighted with the Apex! About a 3 minute walk from Tower Hill tube station we found the Apex. We arrived quite early and were able to check in and leave our bags before heading off exploring for the day. All the staff we encountered during our stay were friendly and efficient. We had previously stayed in the Holiday Inn Express in Southwark and paid much the same price for the Apex but the difference in standards was huge. The hotel is bright and modern with super kingsize beds and fabulous showers! We didn't spend a lot of time at the hotel as we were out and about all the time but the hotel would suit those who want to hang around a bit more as the bar and restaurant areas are very inviting. There is also a gym for those feeling energetic. We had a continental breakfast included in our rate and this was very substantial with cereals, breads, pastries, fresh fruits, meats and cheeses on offer. We had a look at the cooked menu and this was substantial offering everything from Kippers, eggs benedict etc to pancakes, french toast and the full english! We didn't sample the restaurant in the evening but it looks good and has excellent reviews. All in all I'd recommend the Apex to anyone looking for a comfortable stay in London. Take time to visit The Hung Drawn and Quartered Pub around the corner. It's pretty quiet around London on Sunday's but we found Wetherspoons down the road to be very welcoming!	
Nov 2 2008 	Luvvely	To get away from things, we decided on a &quot; love weekend&quot; in London. Looking around for good deals, I checked a dozen or so hotels against TripAdvisor and found &quot; The Apex of London&quot;. Great reviews (one of the best in London) and exceptionally low price (130 pounds a night, including breakfast) thru their own website. It is a beautifully designed, crisp and trendy hotel with friendly staff (from all over the world, it seems) and brilliant location. Just a block from Tower Hill Underground Station (on the Circle Line) and two blocks or so away from Fenchurch Street Railway Station you can get to anywhere in London fast and easy (get Travelcard in advance or buy an Oyster card when you arrive; briliant system!!). We flew into London City Airport and we were at the hotel within an hour after touching down (no kidding!!) using the Docklands Light Rail (changing at Limehouse to Fenchurch Street as Tower Gateway was closed). The room - not too big, of course - was impeccably clean, the bathroom (with seperate bath) luxurious, the tv big enough to placate American guests (free DVD's from reception!!) and the bed big and firm with several pillows to choose from. Our Superior room came complete with coffee maker, safe, fridge and ironing board.The staff is international and although not all of them seem fluent in English, they do their best to make your stay pleasant. The breakfast (both English and Continental) is excellent and although we didn't eat at the hotel's resaturant, it was full on saturday night and I'm sure not all were guests of the hotel. The bar - design and lounge music - is laid back and not at all pricey (3. 90 for a pint, 4 quid for a glass of good red wine).Although the City is a ghost town in the weekend (makes for a quiet stay), the hotel is quite close to Spitalfield Market and Brick Lane which are a must-see if you' re into vintage stuff, food from all over the globe, hip people and thousands of stalls selling everything from art and (vintage)clothes to bicycles and used batteries. Brilliant place!!The Apex is also a five minute walk away from the Tower and the Tower Pier where you can catch a River Bus up and down the Thames (west to Waterloo Bridge and east to Greenwich) for a whole lot less than a river cruise! If you like to walk, it takes about 45 minutes to walk along the Thames to the London Eye.All in all a very affordable stay in a luxury hotel with excellent location (if you know how to move about the city). We' ll be coming back.	
Nov 2 2008 	Fab hotel great stay	Stayed at the hotel for one night as needed to find a cheap place to stop in London whilst visiting friends and managed to get a great deal which inc continental breakfast for under £100. Hotel is in the financial area and so its very quiet at the weekend. Lovely room, bit small but would'nt complain, nice bathroom, hotel staff helpful and the continental breakfast was great! Really close to Spitalfields market which I'd recommend to visit on a sunday, all in all would go there again.	
Nov 2 2008	a gem in london	the staff were simply faultless always helpful, smiling and only to happy to give advice or directions. the hotel was very clean, roomy and well furnished. in short I travel quite a bit reference work and I can say I woun't stay anywhere else in london other than the apex. their bigest asset their STAFF	
Oct 31 2008 	50th Birthday surprise!	I booked this hotel solely because of the reviews I had read here on TripAdvisor. The occasion was my husband's 50th Birthday, and I wanted to make sure everything went smoothly.I booked through the hotel website, and added some extras to the stay to add to the weekend.Some things weren't in place when we checked in, but sales manager Scott, really couldn't have done any more to ensure that the rest of our stay was perfect, and for that we are very grateful.About the rooms; ours was a 'deluxe', and very spacious. Climate control quiet and effective. Great bed and pillows, sumptious robes. Quirky little expresso maker in our room was fun and love my Apex duck! (Nice touch). The lighting in this hotel is wonderful, and almost forces you into a relaxed state. The decor is chic and understated. Artwork is good, and if you don't like the COW then you are truly sad!Restaurant food is reasonably priced, brekkie less so, but worth it...Paul the host is charming and welcoming. My husband was off to see the American Football on the first morning and to get into the theme of the day he tried the pancakes, bacon and syrup - said they were great!Any crits? I think maybe some of the reception staff could do with being a little more welcoming, not everyone visiting is a businessman on an expenses account, and a warm greeting makes a lasting impression.Oh, nearly neglected to add, great location, quiet street, 5 minutes from Tower Hill tube, Whitechapel and the famous Jack The Ripper walk close by! Petticoat Lane market 5 mins walk away on a Sunday morning...great!	
Oct 30 2008	Good Location Tiny Rooms	Great location for business trip. All hotels in London are small and expensive. The pictures are a good representation of what you will experience. The place is newer with ok but small rooms. Can't see how two people would share a room of ths size. I like the separate stall shower. Not a great deal of hot water in the morning. Good food for London. BK up at the train station for US travelers. I arrived on a Sunday night and no internet through mid morning Monday. The desk tried to blame this on their &quot;service&quot; and suggested I call them, what BS. A business hotel needs to get the internet working at these rates, even on a Sunday. Good choice overall.	
Oct 29 2008 	Quite Good	The hotel reception and bar look very nice and modern. The room was very nice as well.  It was nice to have a dvd player and plasma screen in the room and also a good hairdryer for once.  The hairdryer proved especially useful since we had the following problems:1) No heating in the bathroom – it was freezing cold. I had the quickest showers ever;2) When using any towel we ended up covered in white fluff and as wet as before…I ended up drying my face with toilet paper and drying the rest with the hairdryer (our friends shared the same problems due to the dodgy towels);The worst part however was breakfast. We just wanted to enjoy a simple English breakfast. Not such a weird request since we were in London. If I had known what a struggle it was going to be, I would have gone down the local pub. We were asked by the person in charge (breakfast room manager perhaps?) about 5 times what our room number was…then he showed us to our table we were just left there with no consideration at all.After about 10 minutes we managed to get on of the waiters’ attention … after being asked about 3 more times what our room number was, he left telling us where the buffet was. The buffet, which was not in the same room we were sitting in, didn’t have the English cooked breakfast food we wanted - it was a cold buffet.He didn't bother telling us that, if we wanted a fry up/toast/tea/coffee, we had to order it from him – so we just waited patiently and finally, another 10 minutes later, we managed to place our order.We asked the breakfast room manager guy to put the bill on our room (by now you would have thought he knew the number by heart). However, when we left the breakfast room he came running after us, waving the bill in the air as if we were trying to do a runner……………NO COMMENT - if you want breakfast just head to Starbucks or to a pub! Surely you will find friendlier and more helpful staff.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great hotel great service handy location	Overall, this was a great hotel and I loved the feel of the place. On arrival, at 9.00am, having taken the sleeper train from Scotland, they couldn't allocate me a room, which I half-expected, but they were happy to look after my luggage and I used the beautiful and well-equipped bathrooms downstairs from reception to get changed. Nice soaps, toiletries, hankies etc.Arriving back later in the day, my room was actually upgraded from that which I booked, so I had a superior double room for just me! (This was a Saturday night). The room was spacious, had a separate couch/TV/work area away from the bed, which itself was pretty big. Didn't have the over-supply of pillows and accoutrements that so often annoys me in other up-market hotels. Room was air-conditioned and I wasn't cold at all leaving it on all night, even in October.The bathroom had a walk-in (no stepping over) shower and a separate bath, both of which were very clean. There were four full-size bottles of toiletries - lemon scrub body wash, tea-tree shampoo, moisturiser and something else (didn't use them all!) I also liked the nice rubber-ducky in the bath!Breakfast was served on Sunday between 7 and 11 am. I was told when I arrived at the breakfast room (itself very nice) that I was having a continental buffet breakfast. Others seemed to be feasting on individually-cooked full English breakfasts so I asked and was told that apparently the rate I booked with my travel agent only included continental! Anyway, the buffet was pretty good, with one highlight being a lovely chef-made natural yoghurt with pineapple compote; also a great selection of cheeses, meats, nice, freshly-made croissants and pains-au-chocolat.The location was great for me. It's only 2 minutes' walk to Tower Hill tube station, from where you can get the Circle and District lines all over the city. So, it's not central, but it might as well be, because transport is so conveniently located.	
Oct 27 2008 	Hard to fault this hotel	Having read other reviews we were confident to pre-pay with the hotel and secure rooms at a very competitive price. We had looked for 2 city-view rooms but on booking only one was available. This was rectified on arrival AND we were given a free upgrade for the second room.Rooms are clean, beds comfortable and our &quot;double&quot; was 6foot wide. The bathrooms are excellent with great showers and a good quality range of toiletries. Excellent hospitality tray and generous electric sockets. The public rooms are similarly spacious and well maintained.The cooked breakfast was, perhaps less inspiring and our friends were disappointed at the lack of vegetarian sausages nor was fish of any sort offered. Many people would be happy with the excellent continental style buffet which is cheaper and includes fresh fruit and good selection of cereals, breads, pastries, meats and cheeses. All good quality.The hotel is in a quiet location (valuable in London) and very close to Tower Hill tube station, No15 bus route into the West End with a very frequent service and one of the stops for the Open-top Sightseeing bus tours. As mentioned by previous reporter they will keep cases for you if you arrive early and/or want somewhere to keep them after check-out.Barry	
Oct 25 2008 	Lovely Hotel in a quiet safe area!	We were two girlfriends that stayed at the Apex for 3 nights. The first thing we noticed when we came from the underground was that the hotel was located in a very nice area, the only people we saw was office-workers. , There are sooo much people everywhere in London it seems, so we thought that the quiet area was great! It´s located only 2 minuits walk from Tower Hill undergroundstation and really close to The Tower.We loved the hotel and our room, though the room wasn´t big (standard twin room) it was comfortable and it didn´t feel small. There was a lot of closet space and a fridge, also an ironing board and a really good hair dryer (in a lot of hotels they have those bad dryers that are attached to the wall that hardly has no power at all). The decor was beautiful, a lot of dark wooden details combined with light colors on the walls. Lovely pictures and nice curtains. The bed was comfy, the only thing that bothered us was that the sheets was TO crisp so everytime you moved the other person heard it. Big TV with DVD and a DVD-library in the reception where you could lend films for a deposit of 20 pounds.The bathroom was lovely, all tiled. A big walk-in shower AND a bathtub (last bathroom I saw in London was so small that I could hardly move in it at all so this was a nice surprise). The staff was very helpful and nice, and the service good. At arrival we asked for someone to go up to our room to unlock the windows (they are locked for safety reasons and have to be open with a key). The maid service was so fast that they were in our room even before we were :-) !We had booked and pre-paid for the continental breakfast. It was ok, but nothing to brag about....... Being from Sweden we are used to excellent hotel breakfast that has everyting one could desire, but of course we knew that english hotels has a totally different take on breakfast. Still we would have wished a bigger variety of bread for example. Some boiled eggs would have been nice and some hot food for example bacon (they have a menu to order from so you can get bacon if you pay extra).Another thing that bothered us was the bath towels!! It was virtually impossible to get dry by using them! I don´t know what they-ve done to them, but I suggests that they buy new towels...... It´s not to nice to get dressed when you are still dripping wet! All in all, we liked the hotel very much and I would definetly stay here again and recommend it to others!	
Oct 24 2008 	Great hotel but in the price	Good hotel but I am surprised it is so highly rated considering the location and prices (by location I mean it is in the City - convenient for business, but not the most attrative part of town otherwise)Everything worked in there; the only thing I found annoying was how hard it was to use the faucets - explained by staff by &quot;green&quot; considerations (to limit water use?)Fun &quot;feature&quot; (if this was on purpose) - female staff having kind of similar funky short haircuts. Not that it was useful, just funny to notice.Food in the hotel is great, but do not go to the pub they recommended down the road (Assembly I think?) - poor maintenance and bland foodWith all the positives, I feel the price was well reflecting the hotel's popularity - found it relatively expensive considering it is still 4-star and not in the best location. I even start suspecting that nice, but &quot;not-luxury&quot; hotels raise their prices as they get rave reviews; than the &quot;great value for money&quot; is gone.	
Oct 21 2008 	Excellent hotel	Very comfortable - excellent breakfast and very well situated - would certainly return and recommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2008 	Fantastic!	Stayed at the Apex for one night after a birthday visit to the theatre and it was brilliant.We booked a standard double room for £100 including tax but on check-in we were informed that we would be upgraded to a deluxe room free of charge. The room did not disappoint - luxurious and spacious, a massive comfy bed and still room for a sofa and a 42&quot; flat screen TV.Bathroom was excellent with a walk in shower, huge bath and complimentary toiletries.The area is very quiet as the hotel is on a side street and we had the best night sleep we've ever had in a london hotel. We saw a show in the Victoria area and the journey to and from the hotel was quick and easy on the tube.If you can get this hotel for £100 or less then it's an absolute bargain, especially as its close to the action...without the hustle and bustle of most London hotels.	
Oct 21 2008 	fabulous apex hotel	we had a fabulous time during our short break in london made even better with our lovely time at the apex hotel the service was impeccable and could not have wished for a better area for the nearby tower of london which was just around the corner,the hotel was so nice that we have booked to go to the apex international edinburgh in november and we feel confident that we will experience the same high quality service that we had in london,regards,malcolm and lorraine,west yorkshire	
Oct 15 2008	Ideal Location	We travelled down this Autumn for the London River Festival.Everything about the hotel was good, its ideal location for visiting all of the festival sites, its very close to Tower hill underground station which was a big help as we came down by train.The staff were very helpful and friendly and the rooms comfortable spacious and well equipped. We enjoyed our visit and the great river festival .We look forward to staying again next year.	
Oct 14 2008 	Surprised at the price!	Myself and boyfriend have just returned from a weekend break in London to celerbrate his birthday and chose after much searching the Apex City of London hotel. Upon searching on the net we did not expect much for the price we paid as this is a 4 star including Breakfast in central London but we were extremley surprised.....In a good way!The hotel is in such a good location for Tower Bridhe and the tube is only a few minuetes away. At night it was nice to see all London lit up and the area was actually quiet... Not sure if thats just a weekend thing though?Check in to check out everything a dream! Happy helpful staff, clean and modern hotel, great bedrooms with all you need and the Breakfast was nice. We paid the extra £5 to have a cooked one and it was so worth it. They even serve a scottish breakfast too! The bar serves great cocktails and had a good vibe about it.We loved the room, high standard, clean, and modern. Bed was very very comfy. We mentioned being there to celerbrate a birthday and was upgraded free of charge and it was nice having little extras like a extra chair in the room, and robes...We will be coming back in the new year and have recommended at least 5 friends to stay there when they visit London in the next few weeks.The reviews do it justice, its even better in real life though!Book because you will not be disappointed!	
Oct 13 2008 	Relaxing	First visit to London for a while actually staying in the city. Had no idea what to expect but need not have worried. From the moment we entered the hotel until we left,the staff were 1st class in everything they did,from the front desk to the kitchen. On entering our room we were delighted with the spaceious and well equipped facillities including the large walk in shower/wetroom ,the kingsize bed and the well stocked tea/coffee tray tucked neatly away in a cupboard along with a fridge. Everything you need is only a phone call away or just ask at reception as you enter or leave,from taxis to breakfast in bed nothing is too much trouble. Has to be one of the best nights sleep for a long time and was completely relaxed throughout the visit. The only way to rate our experience was excellent as anything less would not be fair to the staff who due to their professional approach made our stay complete.	
Oct 13 2008 	Excellent!	I've just spent two days with my wife in this wonderful hotel.My room had a view of the Tower Bridge.The room was spotless, immaculate with a very comfortable bed.The zone is a very quiet one.Even with our windows open we couldn't hear any noise form the street.	
Oct 9 2008 	Beautiful Hotel -- Great Breakfast	The Apex City of London Hotel is a beautiful hotel in a great location. The rooms are small, but they make up for it by providing a great atmosphere! We could walk from the hotel down to the Tower of London and the Tower of London Bridge. Here is a website that provides all their information http://www.apexhotels.co.uk/hotels/city-of-london/ ! They would mail out your post cards for you and their breakfast is very very good! The hotel is also very clean and made us feel like we paid a ton of money to stay there, which it isn't cheap, but it is worth every penny! We also enjoyed the safe walk or taxi around the corner to the London Underground Tube Station! A general London tip: Get the London pass because it REALLY is a wonderful resource for everything and saves you a little cash too! We really enjoyed eating at lots of places on their list!	
Oct 6 2008 	Excellent hotel down a quiet street	This is a very comfortable modern hotel a few minutes walk from the Tower of London, tube and bus services. Friendly and helpful reception, lovely clean room with a bit of space and most of what you could ask for including a safe and drinks making facilities. The only complaint would be a lack of daylight in the room - the small window faced a small dark area outside. As well as TV with a good variety of channels you can hire DVDs for a refundable deposit. If you pre-book breakfast on the hotel website you get a price reduction - the breakfast is fresh continental or combined full English and is freshly cooked - very yummy. Luggage can be stored safely after your checkout time. We stayed at a weekend which meant disrupted public transport and difficulty getting to the Barbican where we were due to meet our son. If going at a weekend and likely to use public transport check the tfl (transport for london) website for station and line closures. Buses 15 and RV1 from Great Tower Street and opposite Tower Gateway respectively also take you into the City. We would happily use this hotel again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Lovely Hotel in a Nice Location	We have just returned from a three night stay at the Apex, City of London, and what a lovely hotel it is. Our room was luxurious, to say the least, with one of the most comfortable sleeps I have ever had in a hotel bed. The hotel is located in a good, safe area, with the nearest tube only a matter of minutes walk away. There are some nice pubs nearby (though not too close, the street the hotel is in is lovely and quiet). The service we received was exceptional and I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 26 2008 	fab hotel great location	we stayed here for two nights for our 20th wedding anniversary and i have to say this is a fantastic hotel in a great location,when we looked out of our window we had a birds eye view of tower bridge.the staff couldnt have been nicer from the minute we checked in which i have to say was the smoothest check in ever,nothing is a problem.we had the breakfast on the two mornings and i would highly recommend this as you got a great feed and we didnt have to eat all day!!the rooms are a great size we had two televisions and two dvd players!!plenty of tea and coffe,biscuits and complimentary bottled water every day,the bed was sooo comfy.it was also so quiet at night but at the same time everything was so near,the tower hill tube station is just around the corner and the tower of london beside you and there are lovely walks along the river.we will definately stay in this hotel again and have recommended it to some of our friends who are going to london	
Sep 24 2008 	Great location and value	We stayed here on September 12th and 13th to take in the Proms in the Park and the Thames Festival. Good sized room on the second floor with a view of the small adjacent park. The room was very clean with a large bed and good sized bathroom with a bath and separate shower - plenty of hot water at a good pressure. It was the weekend but even so the room was quieter than we expected and the heating/cooling worked well although the default setting at 23C was rather too warm for us at this time of year.Complimentary newspaper, great continental breakfast with a good selection of cheese, meats, toast and fruit as well as the usual continental pastries.Location was easy for transport - No 15 bus a short way away, the Tube even nearer and boats available within ten minutes walk alongside the Tower.Good value by booking on the internet and our room was upgraded on arrival.We booked this hotel as a result of the Tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great service nice rooms	My wife and me stayed from friday to sunday. The Hotel was very nice, we had a Superior King room, which had a nice standard, big bed, nice bathroom with shower room and bathtub. All the employees showed excellent service. We had ordered full breakfast and 3-course dinner. The hotels restaurant Addendum had also excellent service and great food at affordable prices.There is a nice gym in the basement.Its situated close to the Tower of London, the subway (circle line), bus 15 and the Thames with river boats. We got there from Heathrow, it takes about an hour if you first take the fast train to Paddington station, and from there changes to the circle line that stops very close to the hotel.Its not &quot;downtown&quot; london, but its easy to get there with bus and subway. Lots of cosy pubs and dining places just outside, that were full of life friday, but dead on saturday. The Addendum was open though, in case you don't want to go downtown.	
Sep 21 2008 	Awesome Stay	We almost can't say enough about our stay here. We booked a deal through a London website similar to Hotwire/Travelocity. We got the rooms for more than half off their average rate. Rooms were very large, nice views and fantastic location.We didn't get a change to eat at the hotel, but it looked niced. Just across from the London Bridge.Rooms are very clean, staff was great, hotel was new and modern.	
Sep 18 2008 	A great place and another great stay	Stayed for a weekend at this hotel in 2007 and had no sencond thoughts about going back when London called again this September.Like the location of the hotel, the rooms are stylish and discreet decorated, the amineties are as they are supposed to be.The staff is friendly and helpfull.Can only say one thing about this hotel. To me it's the only hotel in London.	
Sep 17 2008 	Wonderful	Great location, hotel, and restaurant. There really isn't anything we didn't like. The hotel is about 5min walking distance to Tower hill underground station. 5-10min walk to Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Its a safe area to walk at night. The staff was more than kind, helped with every request. Rooms were clean and quite.	
Sep 17 2008 	Great location!!	Great location - the only niggle i had was my husband booked this for my birthday and they had no notes on the system (even though he did phone to check) and they didn't seem to really care that they had forgotton , wasn't the best first impression! - the standard of english at check in was pretty poor.Great room (could do with a plasma!) good size, really quiet, nice modern decor , nice walk in shower , toilet was really hard to flush which was a pain but having said that would go back, loads of pubs/bars/resturants nearby. We got it though last minute secret hotels def worth the money, would recommend.	
Sep 17 2008 	Very good indeed	My wife and I booked this hotel having read reviews and are delighted to say it lived up to expectation. We had a lovely room - not much of a view but very clean and comfortable.We used room service several times and had good experiences - very quick and good standard for food and drink. Room had ironing board and iron coffee/tea facilities, a proper hairdryer and a fridge as well as everything else you would expect. Nicely decorated with a flat panel TV on the wall with a DVD player as well. They have a good selection of DVD's to use if you wish at no cost - only a refundable deposit.Breakfast had a great selection/choice and we found the staff very helpful. The only slightly negative of the location of the hotel is the fact that none of the surrounding bars/restaurants seemed to be open at the weekend. We were given a recommendation from the concierge which turned out to be very poor (La Reuda - seriously don't go there). Apart from that very good experience and would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 16 2008	another stay another 5* experience	Booked a great deal at the weekend (deluxe room, 516) which has pleasing views over Seething Lane. 2 signs of a quality place: they ask for feedback and they use it. Apart from the spaciousness, the minimal yet really comfy styling, the excellent beds and linens and the overall good service they now offer espresso machines in the room (though admittedly I was happy with the normal filter coffee arrangement) and, er, spotted rubber ducks.Love the walk in power showers, the fact that it's quiet and the aircon actually works. (Even on fairly mild days it can be hot and sticky indoors). The only problem I have is an addiction to staying there. The one flaw - breakfast in the restaurant was surprisingly busy (lots of people staying yet the place seemed empty) and a little slow. Plus I missed out on the tattie scone by ordering the wrong kind of breakfast (the fry up instead of the braveheart). I'll stick to room service instead - quieter and you can order individual items a la carte. Why oh why can't they open more places in London and the rest of the UK - few places seem to get as much right as the Apex does.	
Sep 15 2008 	Could be better	The &quot;power shower&quot; was not very powerful or hot. The staff at reception, although friendly, could not speak English well enough to explain the check in procedure to me. It took 3 of them over 10mins to explain it to me. If they could speak English well enough i would have understood the first time. I was not told at time of booking my room that a credit card is the best method of payment. I didn't have my credit card with me (only a debit card) when i checked in so i have now paid for my room twice. Once as a deposit which will be refunded to me within 7 days, then upon departure they take another payment for the correct value of your overall stay. If you pay by credit card you pay the deposit upon arrival and then get an immediate refund and then pay full balance when you check out.Other than that the room/hotel was clean &amp; tidy and the breakfast was good	
Sep 12 2008 	Perfect room delicious breakfast friendly service - I didn't want to leave!	I booked this hotel via a booking website and got a very reasonable price of £112 including continental breakfast. Upon arrival at the hotel we were able to check in an hour early, but when we arrived at the room I soon realised that the seperate walk-in shower and the flat screen TV were not present, so I called reception to query the booking details. They reception staff advised that there were a few rooms that did not yet have these facilities, but they immediately offered to find me another room to my liking. I was SO pleased when we arrived in the second room (no. 403) - the flat screen TV was great and the room was a really good size (as was the bed!). As for the shower - WOW! You could easily fit 2 people in there and it had a lovely powerful water flow. The colours used in the bedroom included a beautiful orange colour - it was so cosy yet clean and modern too - perfect! I love to stay in hotels and one thing that I always notice is the quality (&amp; quantity) of the toiletries. The toiletries at the Apex were lovely - with seperate shampoo and conditioner - good news for long hair like mine! Any plenty of it too. The facilities in the room were excellent, with ample tea &amp; coffee, 2 complementry bottles of water and with an iron and ironing board in the room - which is a nice touch as in some hotels you have to contact reception to have an ironing board delivered to the room. The staff were very friendly and the breakfast staff were accomodating when it came to ordering a vegitarian English breakfast for my other half. We ate so much we had to lie down and the staff kindly let us check out a little later than specified. I could not fault the hotel room or the food and I am already planning to visit the hotel again. Excellent value for money and the location was great with so many beautiful landmarks in the vacinity. I have already recommended this hotel to several friends.	
Sep 8 2008 	great hotel	Really nice hotel. Convenient location just a few minutes walk from the tube. The room was really clean with a really comfy bed and a great bathroom with seperate bath and shower. Nice and quiet too. No complaints at all.	
Sep 6 2008 	Loved It! An oasis in the centre of London	Booked this hotel for a long weekend in July and had a fantastic time. The rooms were lovely and well equiped with a fantastic huge bathroom and TV with DVD player. We were booked in for room only but ate from the bar menu the night we arrived and the food was great. The bar has a open fronted terrace looking onto a lovely little square and it is hard to believe you are in the centre of London as it is a lovely place to sit and have some food / a drink after a hard days sightseeing. The hotel itself is situated in the business district of the city and the area is quiet at the weekend but the tower bridge tube station is literally a two minute walk away and will take you straight into the buzz of the city.	
Sep 1 2008 	Gem of a hotel	Loved this hotel. There are not many hotels in London that will live up to expectations but this one did. The hotel is spotless, the rooms modern and very comfortable. The staff were all friendly and the buffet breakfast was excellent. We appreciated the generous amount of toiletries in the bathroom and the large walk in shower. The hotel is in a great location as it is in a quiet street yet just a short walk to Tower Hill tube station and the Tower of London etc. I would stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 31 2008 	Apex experience	Really enjoyed our stay.Hotel well situated. Near transport.Lots of tasteful and imaginative touches.Very pleasant and helpful staff.Reasonable price.	
Aug 29 2008 	Bargain for the weekend	Once again we had an excellent stay at this top quality hotel.This hotel does very good rates on the weekend - less than £100 per night - for what is essetially a top quality business hotel during the week.Therefore you are getting top notch service, reasonably spacious and elegantly furnished rooms and a superb location near the Tower of London.Breakfast is extra, but getting pankcakes, waffles or eggs benedict for a leisurely in room breakfast is the extra indulgence that can make the weekend a real treat.I like the location, a few pubs and sites nearby, but to get into town the Tower Hill tube in a few minutes away and taxis to the West End etc are reasonably inexpensive and easy to find...	
Aug 28 2008 	Another glowing review for the Apex.	I stayed at the Apex in a City King room (just the standard category) just for a stopover en route, and it was everything I'd hoped it would be from all the excellent reviews on TripAdvisor.I loved the location- just a minute or two from the Tower Hill Tube station in a very business-oriented neighbourhood that was both very safe and very quiet at night, and fairly bustling with men and women in smart suits during the day. When I arrived at the hotel, backpack-laden and fresh from three months in Africa and southern Europe (and therefore no doubt looking a bit dodgy), I was still treated with extreme politeness and friendliness as I checked in. Every staff member I encountered at the front desk made a real effort to ask me how my trip had been and things like that...I felt very welcome despite my extremely casual clothing and overall state of disrepair.My room had no view, as is pretty usual in London, but it was spotlessly clean and compact, with good-quality bed linens, a flatscreen television and DVD player, and lovely bathroom with a tub and separate walk-in shower (as well as a subtle speaker in the ceiling that could be turned on to play the sound from the TV, DVD, or radio.) Bathroom toiletries were all large (125 ml) and included conditioner, not just shampoo, which I was very pleased with. The hotel's complimentary DVD library is a fantastic bonus too if you're looking for a quiet night in.I ordered room service for both dinner and breakfast (too exhausted to leave the hotel...) and both times I was served by more incredibly polite staff members. The food itself was well-prepared and well-presented by the onsite Addenum restaurant, and delivered while very hot and obviously direct from the kitchens. Decent wine selection and a varied menu, too...most definitely above average room service dining.Overall, I found the Apex to be wonderful value- reasonable rates for central London and a really great property.	
Aug 27 2008 	Possibly one of London's Finest	We (myself and significant other) stayed here for a weekend in January to celebrate an anniversary.I had been searching high and low to find a decent hotel with a half-decent location in London that was affordable since October. This was a tall order, but the Apex City of London far exceeded our expectations.The hotel is in a converted office building (pretty standard for where it's located), and is a stone's throw away from the Tower Hill tube station - getting there is incredibly easy, just don't do what I did and misjudge the distance from the tube to the hotel and walk right past it! Checking in was not a hassle at all, and the reception staff were extremely friendly (we arrived at 10PM) and were happy to help with any queries, their concierge service was also spot-on.To say that the hotel is clean is an understatement, it sparkles - there's a spotless finish to everything, even the rubber duck that they state in the room book that you can keep (I think they know that people would take it anyway!). The rooms have a very clean, crisp modern décor and are rather large in comparison to other London hotels I have stayed in.The hotel itself has a prime location for tourists - a 5 minute walk brings you face-to-face with Tower bridge and the Tower of London, as well as a dock for the Thames Clipper.	
Aug 21 2008 	Modern bright hotel	The hotel is right by the Tower of London and a great place to stay, especially if you plan to see this attraction. The nearest tube station is a couple of mintutes walk &amp; as it's on the District line other attractions are never far away. If you want to stretch your legs you are right by the Thames - It takes about 20-30 mins to walk by the river to the London Eye, (as we discovered one night when the tube line was down!)The hotel is lovely - very clean and modern, friendly staff, great rooms. We were upgraded on arrival, which is always a bonus too! I thoroughly recommend it but I cannot comment on the bar or restaurant as we did not use them - but they looked nice!The Tower area is very quiet on a weekend, but there are some nice pubs near by (eg &quot;The Hung, Drawn and Quartered&quot; - dont let the name put you off its a very friendly pub!) and there are restaurants near by too. It was quiet, but had everything we needed and the tube makes everything else so near anyway in London.Eg of a perfect weeekend in London - Arrive Friday, check in to your nice (Apex) Hotel, then head to Covent Garden for dinner and a show. Saturday, do the Tower of London (Make sure you do the Yeoman tour, as they are full of knowledge and jokes!) then after go to the pub for a great British footie match and a few pints with the locals, then onwards for a curry. Tempted?!I would definately stay here again and think the value for money was excellent.	
Aug 19 2008 	A Great Find!	I was discouraged by the high cost of lodgings in London where our 3 week stay in UK would end, so Apex was quite a find. Not only was it reasonably priced and well located near the Tower Bridge underground, but it was slick, spotless, roomy and felt very upscale. Their cafe was always disappointing, but I'm not sure London is known for its dining experiences. There's a great pizza place not far, and there you'll find great Italian fare. But the hotel itself was terrific and I'd go back there in a heartbeat.	
Aug 18 2008 	Excellent value for money	Stayed for just one night in transit at this hotel and was suitably impressed. Rooms are not huge but a good size and incredibly clean and tidy. Staff were friendly and helpful. All in all, a great experience and considering some of the other options in London, this was excellent value for the price.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great getaway weekend	Booked this hotel for a Theatre weekend for myself and my partner and also for a ruby wedding anniversary present for my parents. We had previuosly stayed at the Apex City Hotel in Edinburgh and on the strength of that stay which was excellent decided to stay here. It didn't disappoint. Room was large and very comfortable and included a sofa in front of the tv which made a change from sitting on the bed to watch TV. Excellent large powerful showers and nice accessories. The Rubber duck is a nice touch, our Edinburgh duck has a little friend now.View out of the window wasn't great.... overlooked the office block at the back but i wasn't there to gawp out the window so it wasn't a big deal.One small criticism.........was looking forward to a couple of nice cold pints of lager after coming in from the theatre but they'd only gone and ran out!!!!All in all a great stay and thoroughly recommended.	
Aug 14 2008 	A perfect stay at this gem of a hotel! A* Service.	There is no doubt that the Apex City of London hotel is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in. It’s small enough to feel personal and ‘boutiquey’ but large enough to provide you with all the luxury extras you could hope for. From the moment we checked in – greeted by smiling staff, I knew it was going to be great. We were treated wonderfully by reception staff, even getting upgraded to a lovely deluxe room. The room itself was gorgeous – big, airy and spacious. It had everything you could possibly need for a few nights away, bathrobes, lovely smelling toiletries, mineral water and snacks, CD player/DVD/TV, squishy sofa with magazines and newspapers and a wonderfully large comfy bed!! We had the room service breakfast on our last morning – they had such a wide range of delicious things, it was hard to choose what to have! It arrived exactly when we had specified and was really fresh and tasty. We also had cocktails in the bar one evening, which was lovely – an extensive list and again, friendly helpful bar attender. Being a musical addict, I stay in London quite regularly and have never come across a hotel as good as the Apex - especially at such a good rate! It is worth every penny. As we stayed on a weekend where the underground service was really poor (half the stations closed!) we had every reason to be grumpy - but the second we walked through the door of the hotel we were reminded that there was at least one great element to our trip!! I will absolutely be staying in this hotel again on my next visit and encourage everyone else to do the same!!	
Aug 12 2008 	Unexpected surprise combination accommodation quality of service and food	I have stayed at this hotel with my son during the weekend of 8 August 2008.The reviews were perfect already. This hotel is indeed truly perfect. The combination of the quality of the service, very kind, helpful and service minded staff make it worthwhile to return to this hotel. Very good tube connection 2 minutes from the hotel. And the quality of the breakfast/dinner/room service is very good.Will definitely stay here again and recommend the hotel to others.	
Aug 12 2008 	Attention to detail attentive staff	We booked a room as part of a package which included admission to a London exhibition and were very pleased we did. A first class room with great attention paid to the small details and friendly, attentive staff made this a very pleasurable part of our weekend in London. Located close to the Tower, it's worth crossing the bridge on foot and strolling down the Queen's Walk (?) to the Globe. Also recommended is using the quicker river taxis as a tube alternative.	
Aug 11 2008 	Style and class at the Apex	Check out the Apex. Reasonably priced within a very short distance of Tower Hill tube and Tower Bridge. The hotel is modern and classy and the rooms fantastic. Great thought has been given to customer comfort and the staff are really friendly. Definitely a hit with us and well worth a visit.	
Aug 11 2008 	Excellent hotel	Stayed here with my wife for a weekend and we were very happy with what we found. i booked based on reviews here and found it to exceed my expectations. My expectations for a hotel are receptive staff, efficiency at reception, and a good nights sleep. All these were met but the room was far better than the price suggests, the service was generally above the level that i would have expected and the location was great.I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends or family. I will stay here again if in London.	
Aug 11 2008 	Loved the Location	I booked direct with the hotel after reading reviews, we wanted something central but modern paid £100 for double room only. Check in was easy. Room was No 413 and no views just office blocks, cant open windows either and the air con was soo noisey we had to turn off but woke up boiling hot. The room was really clean and bathroom was lovely one of the only hotels ive actually had a bath in and shower was powerful. All mod cons and small fridge was handy for bottles of wine.	
Aug 8 2008 	A really friendly hotel	We booked this hotel as a 'mystery' hotel on Lastminute for a weekend break, paying £102 for a room on a Saturday night.It's in a great location, tucked away but easy walking distance to the Tower.It's obviously geared up for business travellers, but at weekends they seem to try really hard to fill the rooms with the likes of us. The reception staff were friendly and gave us a voucher for two drinks in the bar and 50% off in the restaurant. It almost seemed a bit desperate actually, but we didn't get a chance to use them as we had already arranged to go out. I'd have been quite happy to eat there though - it looked fine.The rooms were modern and plush, clean and had plenty of nice little touches such as free mineral water and even a rubber duck to take home!I'd happily go back, preferably at the Lastminute mystery rate!	
Aug 6 2008 	Brilliant	ExcellentWe first saw this hotel in Edinburgh and heard good things about it, so wanted to try the one in London. Checking in was simple, they looked after our bags until our room was ready. The first room was by the lift which has a loud speaking floor announcer in it, so best to avoid rooms near the lifts.We were moved to a better, quieter room with no fuss. We had a back room with no special view but you get the traffic noise if you have one at the front.The room was clean and well decorated, and even had a fridge! Very useful in the very hot weather we had that day. The air con was good too, essential in the heat of July in London! There is a separate shower and a bath. There weren't enough hanging rails for the towels tho. The duck is lovely addition and you can take it with you as a souvenir.We had an evening meal in the hotel and it was excellent. Good choice of wines and cocktails.Breakfast was lovely, had all the continental variety you would expect. For anyone who wanted to have a full breakfast, they had a Scottish (Braveheart) breakfast including haggis!Highly recommended for anyone wanting good value and style in the City of London.	
Aug 1 2008 	A gem in a sea of mediocrity	Finding fault with this hotel is really in the realm of the picky. The bathroom was silly, with the lighting only illuminating half your face, and no towel rails handy for the shower. The window is see through as well...draw the blind unless you really want to entertain the builders and office workers outside. Wardrobe space is tight for two - the ironing board fills up half of it. The phones fall apart when you try to use them; all the usual &quot;Philip Stark, eat your heart out&quot; stuff that we don't need and will be passe in a year. For the rest, the staff are exceptional, the food is terrific, the location is unmatched (pop in the church next door and say hello to Sam Pepys) and it is spotlessly clean - i.e. it pressed all my buttons, Pricey during the week (although you can enjoy eavesdropping on City bankers worrying about their jobs) but a steal at the weekend. In this part of town, it's really a toss-up between the Swissotel and the Apex, but the Swissotel is in desperate need of an upgrade so the Apex is a clear winner, despite the Swissotel river views.	
Jul 29 2008 	Another great stay!	We stayed here for two nights on a weekend package that included continental breakfast. We arrived early to ask if we could store our bags but were told that a room was available for us and that we'd been upgraded! We were also given two drinks vouchers for the hotel bar.The room was great - very clean, larger than a standard room with a sofa, huge comfy bed, bathrobes and slippers and a lovely bathroom with a deep bath and separate walk in shower. Toiletries are very good quality - they smell nice and are in decent sized bottles.Breakfast was good - continental breakfast is a help yourself buffet with cereals, yoghurt, fresh fruit, bread and pastries, meats and cheese so there's plenty to fill you up. Tea, coffee and toast is served at your table and we found the waiting staff to be friendly and helpful.There's free wireless Internet in the hotel although the signal was a bit weak in our room. There was a cable for Internet access though, and that worked fine.We were able to leave our bags in the hotel's storage area when we checked out, which is really helpful.This was the second time we've stayed at the Apex and both visits have been enjoyable. It's my favourite London hotel by far!	
Jul 28 2008 	Stylish London Hotel with excellent all-round service.	Excellent proffesional service by all employee's in the hotel, from the reception to the bar. Rooms spotlessly clean with spacious bathroom. Good selection of tv channels available including sport and movies. This hotel is a gem, a real find which i will be returning to stay in the next time I'm in London.	
Jul 25 2008 	Excellent value around the corner from the Tower of London	The Apex City of London is a find, just a few minutes walk to Tower Bridge tube station, Tower Pier, and the Tower of London. Our rooms were spacious, spotless, and beautifully decorated. Staff were gracious and helpful. Excellent value.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Location - generally good hotel	Stayed in the hotel for two nights. The location is excellent, offering greta views of Tower Bridge but also very handy to the Tube. Hotel is clean with modern decoration. Our room was good, although a little on the small side and we were overlooking the back of an offoce block. Shower was massive, although the room was lacking the little extras that make a good hotel a very good hotel. Breakfast was good.Overall a good hotel, although I have stayed in better in London for around the same price.	
Jul 23 2008 	Excellent Boutique Hotel	Excellent Hotel with very friendly and helpful staff, the rooms were excellent, large, modern and extremely cleanwith everything that you could wish for.Excellent Location, perfect for strolls down the embankment, try to find the More London address by the mayors office for excellent night time views of Tower Bridge.Highly recommended will stay there again and you get a free rubber Duck!!!!	
Jul 21 2008 	Faultless	Friendly helpful staff, a nice room, excellent breakfast and a very good price - this is a great London hotel.Location is a tad out of the way, but excellence of everything else made up for it. Tower Hill tube is a couple of minutes walk away anyway, and maximum half an hour by taxi gets you to the West End.Reception staff and concierge were all exceptionally charming and well-informed. Room was of reasonable size, bed was huge and very comfortable. Bathroom very nice, decent shower, nice upscale toiletries and liked the free bath duck. Decor clean and modern.Will definitely be back.	
Jul 20 2008 	Hello Ducky!	A great place to stay in London, quiet, yet near to the tube stations to get around easily. It is right by the Tower, and the river, we walked along the path near the river, as it was a nice day. A great shame about there being engineering works the day we booked in, but there you are!The room was spacious, and had a relaxed atmosphere. My freind and I had a room with a huge shower, and bath! As my freind said, 'I had to run round in the shower to get wet'! The bath was enormous, just one criticism was the safety bath mat, that moved and I didn't feel very safe getting out.The toiletries were of good quality, and generous sizes. We LOVED the duck placed on the edge of the bath, a great touch!The illuminated room numbers outside each room were really helpful, especially when trying to find our way back to our room after a night out!The staff were very freindly and helpful, sometimes it can feel intimidating in some hotels, but everyone was professional as well as freindly and looked after one of our senior party members, very well.The food was reasonably priced, and very tasty, we had breakfasts, and I thought the room service menus were reasonable too.We had a look at the gym facilities, but didn't go in to use the equipment!I would agree that it may not suit families very well, but we ranged from aged 50-80 in our party, and we still think of London as a different world from where we all come from (Ooop North). We all enjoyed staying, and having some luxury and a great way of starting and ending our recent holiday.Thank you to all the staff, and I would like the owners/and'or managers to know they have a great team of people working there.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Hotel	Great hotel. Large room with 32&quot; flat sceen TV, love seat and a king size bed. Large bathroom with large tub and a shower big enough for a few friends. Room is modern and VERY, VERY clean.If you use the provided robe and slippers, you'll get a clean one the next day. The bed linen was replaced every day. The staff is very quick to meet your needs.The hotel is near the Tower of London and does require a ride on the Tube or a bus to get to central London but with an all day ticket is no problem. Both the tube and the bus are a short walk from the hotel as is the Fenchurch railway station.I would recommend this hotel to everyone except those with small children.	
Jul 15 2008 	Lovely hotel in good location	This was a lovely hotel located very close to a tube station. It was ideal for visiting the tower of london and there were a few places to eat nearby. It was quiet and peaceful. The toiletries were good and there were free rental DVD's.	
Jul 14 2008	Great place to stay	Fantastic hotel, fabulous service and excellent rooms!We were lucky enough to obtain a room upgrade when checking in and this made our 10th wedding anniversary stay very special indeed. The room was spacious and incredibly clean, the staff were friendly and helpful and overall I have no complaints at all!We would definitely stay again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend to our friends and family	
Jul 14 2008 	Great hotel for a budget traveler	When I booked this hotel, it was #1 on tripadvisor...not sure why it's dropped to #6! This hotel is mainly suited for the business traveler which is why it's located in the business district. My husband and I went to London for a weekend getaway, and loved the hotel. We stayed in a basic room for around 90 pounds per night. The room itself was small, but the bed was a King, and we had room to walk around. There is a flat screen t.v. on the wall with a dvd player, but remember it only plays the UK region. We happened to have a U.S. movie and it didn't work. The bathroom is HUGE for European standards. What impressed me the most (and I know this is probably insignificant to most readers) is that they had shampoo AND conditioner! All other countries only give you shampoo, which is frustrating when you don't want to pack your own products for weekend trips. The design of the room is incredibly nice for the price and this hotel could probably charge a lot more and still get as many reservations.The hotel is also next to the Tower Hill tube stop. This was great for the first day, but the city closed the Circle and District lines for the rest of the weekend! This was very upsetting because we had to walk 20 minutes to the next station and after walking around the city all weekend, the last thing you want to do is walk 20 minutes to a tube stop. Of course we were stubborn and did not take a taxi....we were using Dollars! So check with transportation before booking a hotel next to a tube stop if you plan to take the tube most of your stay. Apparently they close several major lines frequently on the weekends for work.Summary: If you want to stay in a nice, trendy hotel and not spend over 100 pounds per night, this is the place for you.	
Jul 9 2008 	Very nice but not for families	We stayed at the Apex for one night (had a flight out of Gatwick the next morning). This hotel caters to business travelers primarily and is in/near a business district. However, you can walk to the Tower of London and London Bridge from the hotel. As it caters to business clientele, the hotel is very well kept. However, I would not recommend the hotel for families on extended stays. As you walk through the hallways, it is eerily quiet and you could imagine the business folks locked in their rooms busy at work. So, we tried to keep our little ones quiet. BUT, the room was immaculate. We had a king-sized bed, love-seat, bathroom with tub and huge shower stall and a business desk. The room was quite large by European standards and the rate was just over 100 GBP/night. So, for one night, it was a great deal and we thoroughly enjoyed the spaciousness of the room as it was our last night in London and an 8+ hour Transatlantic flight awaited us the next day. Therefore, it was nice to be able to spread out a bit. When staying in hotels, cleanliness is near the top of my list and the APEX did not disappoint. As I said, it is just not suited for families.	
Jul 9 2008 	A fantastic stay in the APEX!!!!	My partner and I stayed in the Apex in the City hotel for the weekend and very much enjoyed the experience.The hotel staff were extremely efficient and professional and we were able to check in quickly and easily. We were lucky enough to have an upgraded room for our stay, the room was extremely spacious with very clean and modern decor. Luxury toilettries were provided in the bathroom - along with the complimentary APEX rubber duck! We were also given a voucher to claim a free cocktail in the hotel bar that evening - a nice welcoming touch.The hotel is perfectly located by Tower Bridge and 5 mins walk from Tower Hill tube station. At night you can walk (10 mins) to St Katherine's Docks for bars and restaurants, some of which are open for breakfast if it is not included in your rate.I will definitely stay at this hotel again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Jul 8 2008 	great hotel	I stayed at the apex hotel for only one night but wished that it had been longer!The room was on the 7th floor and had a great view taking in landmarks such as the tower of london, tower bridge and the swiss re tower. The room itself was fantastic, immaculate, modern and chic. It consisted of a bathroom, living room area, bedroom and veranda. The rooms were spacious (unlike many other hotel rooms i've been in) and stocked with everything i needed to enjoy my stay. The staff were great and very helpful, I especially liked the complimentary cocktails on arrival (they were delicious). I have already recommended this hotel to my friends and would definately keep apex in mind for any future trips.	
Jul 7 2008 	Loved the Apex City Of London Hotel	Booked the Apex City of London Hotel for 2 nights based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. I was not disappointed. This is the nicest hotel I've stayed in in London to date. The best points of this hotel are the staff, the rooms and the proximity to the tube station. The staff in this hotel were more than helpfull with all our requests.I will be staying here again.	
Jul 1 2008 	luv a duck	On arriving at the apex city of london at 11.55 am on friday 27th june thinking we could leave our luggage before the 2 oclock check in time in the hotel and come back later, we went to the reception, we where greeted with a big smile from the staff and asked our names and was told our room was ready to go in to wow what service. On entering our room on the second floor we gasped at the size of the bed, all the facilities you would need on your stay was in there, nice flat lcd tv on wall dvd player on glass shelf alarm clock radio on entering the bathroom nice power shower and separate bath what i thought was a light dimmer switch on the wall was in fact a volume control for the sound for the tv for whatever channel you where happening to be watching . you are catered for every eventuality in your room .oh yes the duck was in the bathroom. breakfast was excellent nothing too much trouble for the staff on your beck and call for anything you need ,well it is exactly what it says on the tin you will not be dissapointed with this hotel we will be back fully recomended to all our friends, short walk for underground tower hill ,very quiet over the weekend not a soul about . Mr&amp;Mrs Oldfield	
Jun 27 2008 	Once again amzing	This is our second stay within the year. This time for a special occasion and we bought along 11 other people with us. aged from mid tenties to lat sixties. Everyone member of our group had a wonderful time and loved the hotel. The location is one of the best, a short walk and you are on the river, in the other direction it's less than five minutes to the tube and a short journey into the centre of town.The rooms maybe on the small side, but they are perfectly formed and I still swear they have the best hotel bathrooms ever.The staff are all of the highest standard and make you feel like a true guest without fake smiles and non of the fake chit-chat that some hotels train their staff to speak.I can't wait to stay again and I would recomend this hotel to everyone.	
Jun 24 2008 	Reeeealy nice rooms	This was the nicest hotel room i've stayed in for a while..The location is quite decent as well.	
Jun 22 2008 	Really Impressive Value For Money	My daughter and I spent two nights at the Apex last week. We had been looking for a decent, convenient cost-effective hotel in the center of London. After checking TripAdvisor we decided to try the Apex. We weren't sorry! Being just a five minute walk from the Tower Hill tube station, it was a breeze to get to the Tower of London early in the morning and beat the crowd. The room decor was modern and new (including flat screen TV), the climate control worked great, and free wifi was a bonus. There was no free breakfast (it cost GBP 13.50) but the price was right nevertheless. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great hotel in the city	My partner and I stayed at the Apex on Saturday 21st June for 1 night, paying £111 for a superior king room.We checked in at 1.30pm and were quickly and efficiently assigned room 618 on the 6th floor. Check-in was super efficient and friendly.The room itself was extremely nice, with good quality linens, gourmet coffee, big tv and dvd player, fridge, air-con etc. The quality of the fixtures/fittings were excellent.The bathroom was pretty special. A huge, spottlessly clean bath with a complimentary rubber duck was waiting, along with some good quality toiletries which were massive in size. There was also a large seperate walk-in shower which was excellent. This hotel really excells in its attention to detail. Surround sound in the bathroom which meant you could listen to the tv, heated mirror which prevented the glass from steaming up etc, really sets this hotel apart from many of the others I have stayed in London, especially in the city area.I absolutely loved that local calls were free from your room, as well as a huge selection of dvds from reception which could be borrowed for a small returnable deposit.Staff were excellent, efficient and friendly, especially the reception staff.Perhaps my only one negative comment would be that we had went downstairs to the bar for a quiet drink but found a football match playing on the tv. I can only assume that since the bar area was quiet, the football match was for the benefit of the bar staff.That aside, our stay was fabulous and I am looking forward to staying there again. It would definitely be my number 1 choice and would recommend to my family and friends in an instant.Well done Apex hotel and its staff!!	
Jun 20 2008 	Very nice Apex	Stayed at Apex for 2 nights in January 2008, and on the overall, we had a very good stay.Location is good though not central, but tube is only 5 min. walk away and will bring you anywhere you need. Tower of London also 5 min. away, and the City is worth a visit for both contemporary architecture and old neighbourhood lovers.The positives are the staff, always very friendly. Hotel is very contemporary chic, sleek design, although not cold. We had a Deluxe room on the corner of the building with 3 windows on 2 walls overlooking the City (5th floor) ... Lovely view at night ! Room very spacious (king size bed, sofa, coffee table, big closets, desk area, nice decoration items), bathroom also big (tub, separate walk-in shower). Much more space than what you usually get in London for that price, it really had a little &quot;my own studio&quot; feeling attached to it. All amenities such as kettle, tea, coffee, iron, ironing board, very nice closets with lots of shelves, hangers, drawers, nice toiletries and lovely Apex rubber duck in the bathroom. TV and DVD player, nice selection of DVD's avaialble for free at the reception. The big plus, the small fridge in the room. Not a minibar, a fridge, empty, where you can store your wine and food from M&amp;S to have it at hand for a cosy aperitif after a long day before hitting the town again !On a less positive note, the cleaning, though OK on the overall, was not perfect: dust on all frames, on the bedside lamps .. nothing dirty, but giving it an odd impression for a 4 star ... Also we could hear a lot of noise from water running even in the middle of the night (?), the airco system was also quite noisy and always blew cold, even if you put it on 25 ° ... Cannot comment on bar, restaurant or room service as we always ate outside or brought everything back with us from M&amp;S (5 minutes walk).So all in all, I definitely recommend Apex for the room space, the nice decor, the real &quot;chic&quot; atmosphere and elegant feeling of it.	
Jun 17 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in the Apex. The rooms were spotless and larger than the average London hotel. Staff were very friendly and the food was delicious. I am already looking forward to returning.	
Jun 16 2008 	Loved the Apex	This hotel is very modern and stylish, has everything you could want for a luxurious stay.The bath is enormous as is the walk in shower and the complimentary toiletries, bathrobes and slippers just topped it all off.The beds are very comfortable with crisp white sheets.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and we found everyone to be very helpful.On the downside the hotel is not in the best situation for a weekend away as the majority of what is around about it at the weekend closes as it is mostly used by the business men and women during the week.However Tower hill tube station is a 2 minute walk so everything is accessible and the Original Tour bookings are across the road as is the bus stop for it.We did have a lovely meal at the tapas restaurant across from the Tower of london which is about a 2 minute walk from the hotel, would highly recommend.Would not reccommend the Wetherspoons (which is right around the corner) for anything other than a drink.	
Jun 10 2008 	Smashin hotel great location	Stayed here for two nights and it was an absolute pleasure. The hotel is located only 2 minutes from Tower Hill tube station making it very easy to get around London.The rooms were nicely decorated (modern) with a great shower and lovely toiletries. Even had a cute rubber duck!The bed was nice and comfy and the air conditioning meant a good nights sleep even though it was really mild.Some nice bars and restaurants nearby too.Only problem we had was finding something to eat after coming back from the foo fighters gig - everything shut by midnight!	
Jun 9 2008 	Couldn't ask for more.......	Excellent value (at London prices) for a luxury stay. Initially disappointed having failed to barter a full English breakfast into the price of saying but couldn’t have been more impressed with the quality, service and above all else, the continental breakfast included in the price! Awesome!	
Jun 6 2008 	Great Hotel - We Loved It	The Apex City is a good business hotel which we found perfect for a weekend in London. The City is quiet in the weekend, but the hotel is easily accessible by the Underground. The staff was very friendly and the room both comfortable and clean. All in all a very nice stay, and we will surely come to this hotel for our next visit to London.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great staff and location	Excellent hotel in a quite location beside Tower Hill Tube Station.The staff were very pleasant and helpful and in particular the dining room staff. The accomadation was clean, modern and bright. Eating here was a delight .I would recommend this hotel to any tourist visiting London for it's ease of access to London's underground and The Tower of London	
Jun 2 2008 	Clean bright and modern	Checking in was great, room ready early. Room very nice and clean with lovely toiletries; although it has to be said that we were much too hot despite using air conditioning. Bed comfortable, nice crisp, white bedding. Staff very helpful and friendly, especially young chap at reception who gave us maps and directions, could not have been more helpful.We had choice of cooked and continental breakfast. Good choice of fruits, breads, meats, fish, juices. I am a vegetarian and on first day asked for vegetarian breakfast which when arrived, consisted of tomato, one mushroom, 2 tablespoons baked beans and very small potato cake. This was just normal breakfast without meat but a minute portion. Think they could have given me few more mushrooms and tomatoes and beans to compensate; not very veggie friendly! On second day, waiter got very confused by veggie breakfast and offered us a pancake, which we accepted. Unfortunately when it arrived it was covered with bacon so waiter removed bacon but was unable to remove bacon fat so unable to eat pancake!!! Very nice hotel with very nice staff, lovely clean and fresh but combined with theatre tickets (was in a package) was very costly and room looked right at a brick wall. Would have expected better view for the money.Little bit more difficult to get around from this location than, say, if you were staying at Covent Garden or Oxford Street and this wasnt helped by the fact that there was severe disruption on circle line on the saturday night and on the sunday some stations and lines disrupted because of engineering works (although this was not the fault of the hotel). Just look at map to see if this location suits your needs.	
Jun 2 2008 	Lovely Hotel with a few downs!	I was really impressed with this hotel when I arrived. Check-in was quick and friendly &amp; all the hotel staff are extremely helpful. The rooms were nice - quite spacious and very clean, but they were ridiculously hot. We had two rooms and both of them were unbearably hot. There was air conditioning but it didn't seem to do much.The bathrooms were very nice - but beware of the shower heads - they're not very secure and the force of the water pushed mine out of the wall and almost hit me - they're big metal baton-like things!!! On the first day, breakfast was delicious. All sorts of fruit and yoghurt, meats and fish, buns, bread, croissants, pastries, cereal and a cooked breakfast option. 2 of our party are vegetarians so ordering a cooked breakfast with no meat was fine, However on the 2nd day, too much of a fuss was made about having breakfast with no meat and the guy offered us pancakes instead because it seemed too much of an effort for him to order us 2 vegi breakfasts.When our pancakes arrived, they were stacked high with bacon, so naturally, I said we don;t eat bacon that's why we have pancakes - so, they took the pancakes, scraped the bacon off and returned them to us, covered in bacon fat. The hotel is situated very near to Tower Hill station which is fine. We went to London to see the Lion King and Hairspray and found it OK getting to the theatres, but it was a bit tricky getting back!Fantastic London hotel, with just a few mishaps!	
May 31 2008 	Pefect Hotel staff and rooms	The Apex hotel was warm, friendly and modern. This was my first trip to London and the first hotel in my stop. How I wished it was the only one I stayed in. When I arrived, the staff was friendly and helpful. When I went up to my room, it was lovely and clean. Once I figured out how to turn on the lights (use your hotel room key in the slot) my stay was great. The location is prime. Walking distance to the Tower of London, the Tower bridge and St Paul's Cathedral. The staff was always ready to help and VERY giving. The Hotel's restaurant was nice and the staff just as nice. I can not say enough good things about this hotel. It is on the pricey side, but it was worth it. Nice, quiet location and you could access London via The Tower Bridge dock, buses and tube. When I got to my next hotel, I thought I left something at the Apex hotel and emailed straight away. The manger, Yousif Al-Wagga, sent me a response promptly and by then I found the item. Do not hesitate to book here. Thank you to the Apex staff for making my stay a very memorable one.	
May 23 2008 	Great boutique hotel quiet location	As a regular visitor to London I've had the misfortune to stay at the Tower Hotel and the Radisson West End - both depressingly dated. However I had the fortune to stumble upon the Apex hotel and have now stayed here several times in the last year or so.It's located in the east of the city, close to Fenchurch Street Station but on a beautiful and quiet square. No through traffic and no noisy pubs, clubs or clientele. Close also to the Tower of London and Tower Hill station.Its relatively small, and new. The rooms that I've stayed in have been very modern with a small lounge area with a desk, tv, and dvd player. Large beds, a second tv and plenty of wardrobe space. Bathrooms are clean, modern and a good size - all have had a bath as well as a shower. There are the usual nice touches - 2 bottles of water each night, bed and room prepared each evening, towels, slippers and dressing gowns left out. I ordered room service twice and both times it was excellent. Breakfast was fine, if a little pricey - then again this is London.There is usually a gym (very small) but this has been out of order for a couple of months as its being refurbished - and hopefully made bigger. They do give you complimentary membership of the local Virgin Gym though, which was close by and excellent. The staff appear to be mostly eastern european, whcih can cause a wee problem from time to time - my scottish accent wasn't always understood ! However they were, without exception fantastic - friendly and helpful. The only downside is the price. £255 a night, then vat of £45 on top, made it an expensive stay for 2 nights. However, it is London, it's a great location and an excellent hotel. Worth paying the extra.	
May 23 2008 	Great Stay at London Apex Hotel-Great Price for Value	We stayed at the Apex Hotel during the Pentecost Week End and really enjoyed it ! We unfortunately landed in London Luton and it took us 2h to get there ( we used a very nice taxi company called ladycabs and negotiated the price for both ways), but we arrived safe and sound. The reception was very helpful at checkin and had our luggage stored while we started visiting the surroundings. The room was large and very comfy and had a very nice and large en-suite bathroom. We had view on the back so it was really quiet! There is a large buffet at breakfast with differents breads and viennoiseries, delicious fresh fruit, ham, eggs, cheese ...I asked for margarine, but apparently they do not have it ( the name of margarine in England is called Flora, fyi) We had one dinner at their restaurant. The service is very nice and the food very good ( but it's pricey!). At the brasserie, they serve more simple food, and for a good price for the quality. Overall, I would recommend the Apex hotel-for its great location next to the London Tower and close to the tube, the good price / quality range and the service. However, I will definitely have a close look at my CreditCard Detailed account ( see review below) ... just in case !	
May 21 2008 	As good as the reviews	Perfect location for the Tower of London, although a tube ride to other main attractions if you are seeing the sights.Hotel was modern, trendy, clean and spacious. Staff and general service were excellent.Continental breakfast was really good quality with lots of choice.Lots of nice touches that made this a special stay	
May 20 2008 	great all round	Stayed one night at hotel and could not fault it at all. All the staff on reception were very courteous and helpful. The room was great with nice facilities and was brilliant to stilll be able to book a smoking room in these health concious days. Would use again def.	
May 20 2008 	Beware theives	I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel, and thought the room and breakfast were excellent. Considering the location, I thought it was good value for money as well. However, there was a problem. On booking in, the receptionist insisted on taking my credit card details, even though everything had already been paid for. When I looked at my next statement, I found that somebody had used these details that very evening to purchase two lots of jewellery on-line. As this also required the 3-digit security number, the only person in a position to do this was the girl on reception. My bank refunded the money, and I wrote to the head of security at the hotel. His response was completely dismissive, simply saying the hotel was not responsible, and that I should take this up with my credit card company. There was no interest in identifying who was responsible, which we could have done easily by checking the rota and ascertaining the delivery address for the jewellery. This would put me off staying there again.	
May 19 2008 	As good as the reviews	We used TripAdvisor to help us find a hotel for one evening. I am pleased to say that the hotel lived up to expectations. The hotel is very conveniently located near to the Tower Hill tube station and is in nice quiet location with some bars and restaurants nearby.Customer service was excellent, as was the room itself. Much larger room than other hotels I have stayed at for more money in London. There was a sofa in the room in front of the TV where there was a DVD player with a choice of free DVDs from reception. In room amenities were excellent.We also chose to have room service for breakfast which was delivered on time by a helpful member of staff.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will be staying again on our next trip.	
May 15 2008	A+ for APEX!!!	We have stayed in some (what are decribed as 4 / 5 star hotels) over the years in London and can honestly say NOT ONE has come anywhere close to the quality of this hotel. Ok the location isn't the best if you are looking for plenty of night life (especially at the weekends) but it is the City after all!!!! Asides that it is PERFECTION!!!! The staff a very friendly, the rooms are loveley. The bathrooms are modern and clean. Personally I am not going to waste my time looking through website after website at different London hotels in the future.....I am going to book the Apex time and time again. Trust me......you WILL NOT regret it.......Go on book it...you know you want to.	
May 13 2008 	Fab hotel 	My partner and I stayed in this hotel on a Saturday night and it was one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at. We got there at noon and were allowed to check in straight away although we were probably a couple of hours early and we were even upgraded to a superior room which was lovely and unexpected.It was tastefully decorated, very clean and contemporary. The bed was extremely comfortable, one of the comfiest beds I have ever slept in. The bathroom was fabulous with a double ended bath and a walk in shower, both of which I would recommend using. There were nice toiletries and a cute little duck in the bath. You also have an iron, ironing board and a hairdryer in the room which is very handy.We tried out the hotel bar in the evening, which was great, the staff provided excellent service. I can't comment on the restaurant food as we didn't go but you are given a 50% discount voucher to eat there when you check in and if the breakfast is anything to go by I'm sure the restaurant is great.We booked through Travel Republic and got a great deal on the hotel which included continental breakfast, it was simply one of the best breakfasts I have had at a hotel, I can't comment on the cooked breakfast obviously but suffice to say you wouldn't go hungry with the continental one. The staff were very attentive and you could choose from croissants, pain au chocolat, bread, cheese / ham / salami / smoked salmon, fruit, cereal and youghurts. Was delicious.When we checked out we were allowed to leave our bags whilst we wandered round London before we had to head back home.One thing to note is that it is not right in the hustle and bustle of London so there weren't too many bars open round that area as it's more of a week day trade, but there is a Weatherspoons nearby and the Tower Hill tube stop is 2 mins walk away and you can easily walk over Tower Bridge to get to the other side and have drinks on the River Thames. I was also very impressed with the contact after our stay, I filled out a feedback card and was sent an email the following day from the Manager thanking me for my feedback and asked whether I had any other comments to make.All in all a fabulous stay and my partner has even said he'd bring his mum to stay here. We will definitely stay there again if we visit London.	
May 8 2008 	Apexcellent!	My partner and I had one of our best hotel stays ever, anyhwere at this hotel (and we've stayed in 5-star in Dubai and Sydney with much less)!We booked the room via the hotel website and by the looks of the website, the stay was something to look forward to - and we were not disappointed. Friendly staff, great location, and a wonderful room for such a fantastic price! Added to that, we had the best sleeps we've ever had in a hotel (perhaps we can get the brand-name of the mattress??).Despite the hotel being in the City, the quietness of the area at the weekend was a welcome change from the hustle and bustle of Oxford Street and we could walk around to admire some of the great buildings in the area. Getting a bite to eat was not a problem and getting to and from different places couldn't have been easier with Tower Hill and Monument tube stations nearby. Will be telling our friends about this great find and will definitely be looking to book this hotel for our next stay in London!	
May 6 2008	loved this hotel	this hotel is a gem in London--great group of staff, who were very friendly and were sincerely attentive to all our needs. the room was clean, sleek and cool modern with great bath and fabulous toiletries. well thought out design to incorporate alot of extras. The location is block off the tube and Tower of London so easy to get around. really a great place to stay!	
May 5 2008	Lovely hotel great value	Just home from a 3 night stay in the Apex - excellent!! Well appointed room, with a really comfy bed &amp; pillows. Proper, sensible hangers that you can take out of the wardrobe in their entirety, rather than those daft ones where you leave the metal bit behind! Good shower with plenty of &quot;oomph&quot;, and some lovely toiletries (all in 125ml bottles, which were replaced every day, so will keep us supplied for ages!). Also a nice big bath. Complimentary paper (Independent) every morning.We didn't eat in the hotel, but did have a drink in the bar, which was quiet, but the service was good.Slight issue on check in - reception couldn't find our reservation, but they gave us a complimentary drink while they sorted it out, and were very apologetic, so it wasn't a problem.Quiet location, but only a couple of minutes walk from Tower Hill underground. Will definitely use the hotel again, and will be recommending it to anyone who'll listen!!	
May 4 2008	Amazing Apex	Stayed at the Apex for just one night. Was excellent value for money, plus we got upgraded on arrival. Our room was much larger than expected. Very nicely decorated, all very sleek and modern. Lots of nice touches like toiletries, big selection of tea/coffee, free dvd rental, rubber duck! Very clean and new looking. The service was brilliant. I can't fault it. Will definitely be going back again soon!	
Apr 30 2008 	Great hotel!	We stayed here for the London marathon in April. The room and bathroom were great. Only problem was you couldn't see the tv from the bed because it was in a big cabinet facing a little sofa-but some people might like this. The Decor was perhaps a little gloomy, not as bright and airy as the novotel The kids in the other room had a &quot;normal&quot; arrangement. The TV itself looks a bit dated, a big old flat screen as opposed to the LCD in the Novotel round the corner. £142 including full breakfast.Staff were great, breakfast was really good.tower bridge and the tower are a short walk away.In a really quiet street, had a really good sleep.We loved this hotel, we tried to book again for the next week but it was full.	
Apr 28 2008 	2nd time even better.	My second review of the Apex and I can say that things have probably got even better since my last visit.Check in was swift (Sunday night) I found my room was large and clean and everything worked fine.In the past I commented on the price of the wireless internet, now it is included in the price of your room rate - excellent news!The bar has 1 draught beer and it couldn't really choose a better one Pilsner Urquell - ahhh!I sampled room service on 2 occasions, both times delivery was swift and food of excellent quality.Staff are friendly and helpfull, I was greeted everytime I can through the front doors.I cannot fault this hotel at all if you're staying in the City area of London.I will certainly stay here again, only wish I could affiord to use it with my other half as a leisure hotel rather than a business expensed trip :-(	
Apr 20 2008 	a good clean hotel	Stayed for a weekend. A good hotel and would stay there again, staff were friendly and helpful, and the room was clean &amp; well equiped, and the bed comfortable.Situated about two minutes walk from Tower Hill underground station.Did not eat in the hotel but had breakfast in weatherspoons just around the corner for a third of the price.	
Apr 18 2008 	L@@k no more just book here at the Apex City of London	100% recommended - We stay in London 2-3 times a year and have NEVER returned to any hotel, for one reason or another. We will look no more and only stay at the APEX CITY OF LONDON HOTEL now. Value for money - we had a lovely large and very clean room, tastefully decorated, beautiful clean bed, and super shower room - we found the staff very helpful from front of house to cleaners and they were all friendly - the location was great a stones throw from the Tower and tube station - close to good bars and resturants if you did want a change from the hotel - we felt very safe around the area - we cannot think of one thing that could have improved our stay at all. Thank you to all the staff, we can't wait to come back, oh and thank you for the duck I love him. We will recommend to all our family and friends, see you soon.Mr &amp; Mrs JacksonCounty Durham	
Apr 16 2008 	5 stars for the price of 3	I stayed here for one night, needing a last minute hotel room after a conference, checking in late. I wish I had had more time here and will definitely return during my next visit to London. Room was immaculate and nicely furnished with lots of nice touches like a robe and bottled water. The bathroom was almost as big as the room - the separate tub and shower were great (along with the rubber duck). Hotel itself was very quiet.My reservation included breakfast the next morning and the selection was wonderful with great service.The Apex easily beat the $800 a night hotel I also stayed in during my time in London as far as service and extras.My two minor complaints - when I checked in, the clerk did not explain that I needed to slip my key card into the slot for the room lights (it took me a few minutes of fumbling). Also I loved the toiletries provided, but they were too big to be included in a carry-on bag (over 100ml size).	
Apr 16 2008 	Superb.	Excellent hotel.Great location just round the corner from the Tower of London, very close to 4 very nice bar/restaurants and the hotel has a nice bar and restaurant of its own. Tower Hill tube is 200m away and a stop for the regular and 24hr no.15 bus service into the bright lights of the West End (via St Pauls, the Palace of Justice, Fleet Street and the Strand) is also just round the corner. Often, the no.15 will be that London classic, the Routemaster bus with its jump on/jump off platform at the back.Transport connections for the international travellers are within easy reach. The Circle Line tube for Victoria station (with its rail link to Gatwick Airport), Paddington (for Heathrow), Liverpool St (Stanstead) and St Pancras-Eurostar plus the DLR (for London City airport) stops at Tower Hill.Hotel itself: Our room was quite small with room for the bed and not much more but it was extremely comfortable and the bathroom is very nice with separate large shower.Service is excellent with professional and friendly staff on reception and in the restaurant. One annoying point was the bar charged £6 service to our bill for two glasses of wine even though we were sat at the bar. Should have questioned it (and would have almost certainly got a refund) but I didn't. It's something for you to watch out for.I only usually go to London for the weekend (the city as a whole just seems to get better with every trip....except for the prices!) and this is where I'll stay from now on. Well, here or the New Dawn Hotel. Can't decide. Too close to call.	
Apr 15 2008 	Apex City - Brilliant Hotel	I had only read good reviews about this hotel and we weren't disappointed when we stayed. I was worried it would be too far out but it really isn't that far when travelling by tube but we took advantage of the location and explored Brick Lane on Saturday night and Spitalfields Market on Sunday which were both really interesting.The staff at the hotel were very helpful and looked after our bags before we checked in and after we checked out. The room was very comfortable, it had everything we needed, even a proper ironing board and iron and it was stylish. All for £98 for a Saturday night, including breakfast booked via GTA hotels. I'm looking forward to staying there again.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great hotel	Great hotel, great location. Everything you could possibly want for in your room - proper decent hair dryer, iron and ironing board, well located plug sockets, FREE WIFI, complimentary newspaper, excellent tv channel selection, good amount of towels and bathroom products, complimentary water and above all friendly and efficient staff. Have even just had an email from the manager thanking me for bothering to fill in the satisfaction questionnaire in the room and asking if there was anything that i felt was missing during our stay!I stay in a good number of hotels and am pretty hard to impress, i shall be making the Apex my regular London hotel from now on!	
Apr 14 2008 	Wonderful stay	From the moment we walked into the reception, the staff were very helpful and knowledgable and nothing was too much trouble. We were down for the marathon and everyone went the extra mile to ensure that we were looked after. The location is great for the tube and sightseeing, the rooms are very pleasant and there is a very laid back feel to the hotel.There was nothing that I can find to say about the hotel other than the whole stay was absolutely top quality.Would definately return.	
Apr 6 2008	Great London Hotel	Only had a one night stay, but will definitely return to this lovely hotel As stated by other reviewers, the hotel is only a few minutes walk from Tower Hill tube station and whilst not exactly central, is within very easy reach of all major attractions.The room although not large was well appointed and the beds very comfortable. The complimentary water was a nice touch especially as there was a fridge to chill it in. Decent coffee was also provided as well as tea and hot chocolate.The bathroom was the best we've had in London; the separate power shower especially impressive. Lovely toiletries and a cute rubber duck to welcome us!The standard of cleanliness was excellent and all the staff we met were polite,friendly and hepful.As another reviewer has mentioned, it was also wonderfully quiet and we were not aware of any noise at night. As it was unseasonally warm, it was good that the air conditioning worked well and almost silently.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great Find	Have just returned having spent 3 nights at this hotel and our overall stay was absolutely fantastic. Definitely couldn’t fault the hotel or the staff on anything.The hotel is literally a five-minute walk from Tower Hill tube station. Our flight was early, way before check-in time, but the front desk staff were more than happy to help and checked us in straight away to their first available room. The room was immaculately clean and as stated before was modern and well equipped, especially the toiletries in the bathroom. The breakfast was fantastic and the quality of the food on offer was superb. The hotel itself is extremely quiet – we never heard a door bang or another guest on our floor the whole weekend, despite the breakfast room being full in the mornings!I’m glad I researched Tripadvisor before we booked anything. This is definitely a good find and I wouldn’t hesitate to stay here again when in London.	
Mar 31 2008 	Best London Hotel	I booked this hotel last September on the brilliant website Londontown.com. We stayed 29th February for 3 nights. I travel to London every spring with my cousin and this hotel is the best hotel I ever stayed in. Everything about the hotel was fantastic, every single member of staff where brilliant. We look forward to returning here next spring.	
Mar 25 2008 	Clean modern and friendly	Spent 3 nights in The Apex. I had forgotten to check the exact location before I left home - all I knew was the address and that we should alight at Tower Hill. However, after consulting the map at the station, the hotel was really easy to find and only a 2 minute walk. Arrived on Friday at about 10.30am. Unfortunately, we could not check in yet but were able to leave bags with the concierge. The receptionist was not as friendly as expected, so this was a bit disappointing. The room was average size for a city hotel and was nice and bright. The bed was really big and really comfortable and the decor was modern but cosy. The bathroom had a bath and a separate walk in shower. Excellent toiletries and of course, the rubber duck! There was a full length mirror in the wardrobe and tea and coffee making facilities. There was complimentary sparkling and still water - a nice touch.The breakfast was excellent. We did get a cooked breakfast on the first morning, but the continental (which was included) was sufficient. The staff in the restaurant were very professional and very friendly - especially the maitre d'. The bar area is very comfortable and relaxing and has a great cocktail menu! We did not dine in the hotel but did get room service which was excellent.On check out, the receptionist was much more friendly and so, I would judge the hotel on her rather than the previous one!The hotel is in the City, so therefore it does have a business feel and alot of restaurants and bars are closed at the weekend, but you can easily hop on the tube or a bus and go wherever you like and it is not too far to walk to St.Paul's Cathedral which has alot of restaurants opposite. Next time I am in London, I will definitely stay in The Apex and would consider her sister hotel whenever I am in Edinburgh as a result of this stay.	
Mar 12 2008 	Quiet London 4 Star	It is unusual to find a quiet 4 star hotel in London, the Apex is an exception. A 5 minute walk to Tower Hill tube station (buy an Oyster card - it is worth it) or 10/15 minutes to Tower Bridge and the Thames walkway. The hotel is a modern converted office building in the City which I suggest is aimed at the businessman but great for a weekend break. The rooms are comfortable with tea/coffee making facilities, DVD player (if you really want to stay in your room to watch one), in room safe and other necessities. There is a superb walk in shower as well as bath in the bathroom and lovely toiletries. The few criticisms were that I found the flush for the toilet difficult to push and there was no magnifying mirror in the bathroom or full length mirror. The continental breakfast was excellent. Fresh fruit, ham, cheese, yoghurt, smoked salmon, selection of breads and cereals and nice toast. Even the coffee was good. Another £5 would have got us a cooked breakfast which looked good but we didn't need. The staff were pleasant and helpful - a broken hairdryer was replaced very quickly. All in all a pleasant place to stay and a good substitute for the Guoman Tower Hotel where we used to stay.	
Mar 9 2008 	Exceptional stay	We have stayed in this hotel 3 days for a romantic stay in London.Our experience was fantastic. Everything from the lobby to the room was perfect. The receptionist and all the staff are gentle, friendly and professional. The room are calm, warm, comfortable and nicely decorated. The breakfast is tasty and includes fresh foods (fruits, bread, ..) of quality. The hotel is close to transportation, tourist spots and restaurants while a bit off center.I would definitely recommend this hotel and would enjoy stay there again. Finally, the price (Internet rates) are very fair.	
Mar 4 2008 	Fantastic London Hotel	I stayed in the Apex for a weekend and I can't fault the hotel. Given the cost and small rooms in most London hotels, the Apex was a pleasant surprise. The hotel is very modern and had everything you would need. It is located 5 minutes away from Tower Bridge. The breakfasts were simple and the service was also excellent. The rooms, while small were modern and clean.In light of the relatively low cost of the rooms, I would recommend this hotel for weekend visitors. Our only problem was finding the hotel as it is tucked away. That said, it's close to tube stations, bars and restaurants.	
Mar 3 2008 	As usual a very pleasant stay!	I've stayed 3 times now in the Apex City hotel, London and will go back again for sure (no mice at all)I got to the hotel at 12pm and asked if I could leave my bags to check in later, but the friendly staff member said if a room was available that I could check in straight away. Following morning, went to take a shower and only had 1 bath towel, so called down to get another. Only when I went to get the hairdryer after, realised there were spare towels in the press....should have checked first!Staff are always friendly in this hotel, from check in to check out, room service, bar, concierge, etcLocation is great. Turn left and Fenchurch St station is a few minutes walk, and turn right and you are at |Tower Hill tube, or Tower Gateway DLROh, and for the 1st time, I did some proper exploring down around St Katherine's Docks. It's beautiful here, and I highly recommend the tour of Tower Bridge	
Mar 3 2008 	A Great Find	I needed to book a number of rooms in central London for family attending my brothers wedding. The location is fabulous, tucked away very close to Tower Bridge and the Tower of London.Within walking distance are attractions, restaurants, bars and cafes.I booked the weekend so enjoyed very good rates (about one third of the week night price).Hotel was modern, classy design with a funky-chic ambience. Room was small, but other members of our group had spacious rooms. This wasn't a problem as we were out quite a lot. Widescreen TV and a fantastic bathroom with both bath and walk-in shower, complimentary toiletries were nice as was the rubber duck!Perfect for a city weekend break. Breakfast was typical London prices (£13.00 continental and £20.00 for a fry up) so don't bother with that, a short walk and you will find what you need for a fiver.I parked about 2 mins away in an underground carpark. Again weekend rates were good (£2.50 for sunday) and about £2.00 per hour at other times.All in all, highly recommended.	
Mar 2 2008 	Deserves its ratings	This is an excellent hotel and well deserving of the plaudits it has received from other reviewers. The staff were thoroughly professional and helpful: the rooms are well-appointed and attractive and the hotel itself is in a good location.It is in a business centre but there are plenty of historical sites of interest in the area. Transport to and from other parts of London was straightforward and there is the added bonus of the Thames Clipper which stops at the Tower Pier, just across the main road.	
Feb 27 2008 	Pleasant surprise -- nicely updated well kept modern hotel!	I was in London recently on a 2 day business trip and decided to try out the Apex based on the Tripadvisor rankings. The location was very accessible to the Tower Hill tube station and is walking distance to both the Thames near the Tower Bridge as well as the London Financial district. The check in and check out was prompt and professional. I went up to my room and was really surprised at how updated, clean, and well-kept the room was. The room was decorated in a more modern style, had a king size bed,as well as a small couch. There seemed to be a real attention-to-detail given to the room, everything was crisp and there were no signs of wear-and-tear of any sort. Small touch, but I appreciated that the shampoo, conditioner, and hand lotion were in slightly larger bottles than hotels usually provide. Also loved the Apex-branded rubber ducky that they provide in the bathroom as a courtesy.Overall the experience was a really positive one--I look forward to returning in the future. The only shortcoming, if I had to be picky, is the hotel bar if you're looking to meet up with friends or colleagues. The hotel is located on a side-street that doesn't seem to be well known by the Londoners that I spoke with, and the hotel bar and lobby area doesn't necessarily have a huge wow factor. The night I was there we decided to go to the nearby Gouman Tower hotel bar (walking distance) for after-dinner drinks that includes a wonderful panoramic view of the Tower Bridge all lit up at night.	
Feb 26 2008 	Apex is a great hotel	We stayed at the Apex city of london, for just 1 night. However it was a great experience. We were allowed to check in two hours early and our room had been upgraded automatically. The room was spacious, clean and the king-size bed was huge.The staff were friendly and very helpful.The hotel is situated very close to the tower of London and tower bridge. It is also 5 minutes walk from tower hill tube station, so is ideal for exploring central London.On a slightly negative note, the surrounding area is very quiet at weekends, and there is a distinct lack of restaurants, although there are two pubs nearby which serve food, or you could take the tube into the west end.We would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 26 2008	Thoroughly recommended ...	Stayed for one night in January 08 as we were going to a concert in the O2 and were planning to fly into London City Airport. A very quick and easy commute on the DLR from the airport into Tower Hill tube and a 5 minute walk took us to the Apex City hotel. Our party had 3 rooms and all were modern, beautiful, a great size and well appointed.Was an ideal base for sightseeing as the next day we visited the Tower of London, which was just around the corner, and caught the 'Original London Sighteeing Tour' bus to all of London's other major attractions.Breakfast was perfect and great value. We also enjoyed very attentive service in reception on the night of the concert when we arrived back hungry and in need of some food (something which not all hotels respond well to at that time of night). A memorable and enjoyable stay and thoroughly recommended to all. Will definitely return.	
Feb 25 2008 	Fall in love with Apex...	From the moment you are greeted by the polite staff at the door, and at reception, with decor and detail in really good taste, plus a really good location, and a fabulous breakfast, you will simply love this hotel. Being a seasoned worldwide traveller, trust me, this is a gem...	
Feb 24 2008 	Lovley Room	We stayed at this hotel from Jan 4th - Jan 8th this year. For some reason on arrival our visa card kept getting rejected and so in the end we had to pay cash! We decided on a Deluxe King Room and it was worth the price, the room was spacious and felt very relaxed, which after a hectic day out in london was appreciated. From our window which was at the front of the hotel we could see tower bridge. I dont think the food was worth the price tag though but there is a wetherspoons near by. Overall I think the apex is a charming hotel that I would stay in again. The room was marvellous, the staff polite the only let down was the menu.	
