Nov 24 2009	Nice hotel but watching the sting in the tail!	I stayed here for two nights on the 13/14th November. Its a lovely hotel. The room my sister and I shared was very generous, with two double beds. It was very well appointed and we had two lovely very peaceful comfortable nights. My only niggle was related to swiping my debit card on arrival for &quot;incidentals&quot;. The receptionist said it was commonplace to do this at a charge of £50 per night - that makes my total £100 for the 2 nights. It wasn't until I booked out that that they gave me my &quot;refund&quot; - we had charged nothing at all to the room. To my astonishment they had actually charged my card with the £100 and then told me that the actual refund should reach my bank account on the Thursday (it was then the Sunday) so be warned - they &quot;borrow&quot; your money then pay it back - cheeky or what? is this normal to actually take it then take days refunding it???? still miffed!!! : (	
Nov 21 2009 	Not so business friendly	15 GBP for internet for a 24 hour period; I went to the business center to print some things for my meeting, they thought I was crazy when I said their color printer was out of ink as the page I was holding was all in pink.	
Nov 19 2009	Pros 	Pros - Friendly receptionists, room was nice and clean. Bed was extra bouncy. The buffet breakfast was very good, you have to ask to have your eggs cooked (fried) otherwise you eat the powdered eggs. It was a better choice than the restaurant in the lobby. Cons - Reservations for our group were in place but we arrived at 6am. We were not given a room (even after several pleas) until noon time. This is unacceptable especially when they know travelers are coming in early. - Located in a business district. Even the Starbucks, across the street, was closed by the afternoon. We enjoyed our meals at the hotel restaurants and at Black Friar's Pub across the street. - They eagerly changed our US currency into Pounds but refused to change it back to American money as we left. Their attitude was matter of fact and would not budge. - We used their concierge three times because that's how long it took for someone to answer our questions.... Example: Can we get tickets to the London Eye? - &quot;Yes but my friend has the tickets... stands there grinning. &quot; Is he around?&quot; - &quot;Yes&quot; as he stands there grinning. &quot; When will he be back?&quot; I'll check and walks off never to return. Awhile back I go back to the concierge because someone else is there. The same run around.... and the London Eye is now closed. - Next day after two more trips to the Concierge we buy our tickets for our visit. Over all I would recommend this hotel with information on the &quot;cons&quot; section. Be prepared for the &quot;sticker shock&quot; of even a small glass of wine. It's very expensive in London. If you ask for 100 pounds it will cost roughly $150.00. We learned that sometimes, if you use your credit card (exchanging pounds and euros) that it doesn't cost as much.	
Nov 17 2009 	Comfortable Hotel	This hotel is situated in the Financial district of London so a lot of the shops &amp; coffee places surrounding it are closed on the weekend, for supplies &amp; food at this time you have to go a little further afield. It is located across the road from the Blackfriers tube station although it is being worked on and is closed until sometime in 2010 so check this before you go. Although it is quite easy if on the Circle / District line to get off at Temple and walk, it only takes about 5 – 10 mins. Not sure if this would be the same if you get off at Mansion House. Also the St Paul’s stop on the Central line is about 5 – 10mins as well. Because of its location it is a nice quiet hotel at the weekend The room that we had was upgraded to a deluxe although it looked like a standard room in any other hotel with TV, Desk, Sofa and table. The room was a good enough size though in that you were able to put any luggage in the corner out of the way so you aren’t tripping over it.The bedside table on both sides had a little counter and a shelf but for some reason on one side they put a big red box which on further investigation turned out to be a drawer, really didn’t fit in with the rest of the room. The room did have adjustable heat / cold so you could regulate the temperature, it also did have tea &amp; coffee making facilities with a mini bar. The bed was really comfortable and the curtains overlapped each other so you couldn’t be wakened by the sun shining in which I really likedThe bathroom was a good size with a bath / shower which had good water pressure and there was a lot of towels provided We had breakfast each morning which was the standard breakfast buffet you have come to expect although the scrambled eggs were really good. We also had dinner in the downstairs bar / lounge area at reception as the other 2 restaurants were closed on a Sunday evening and this place had their last food orders at 10pm on a Sunday night. This place only served burgers, sandwiches, pies and salad but is a very relaxing place to sit and have something to eat and a drink. We actually never went into the bar and never saw anyone else in it when we walked pastThe staff were friendly and there was a different concierge every time I went over and the scale of helpfulness did vary a bit between not really sure to very informative but they were able to provide us with a blackberry charger when we needed itAll in all it was a very comfortable hotel just off Fleet Street which is close enough to all other areas and particularly Covent Garden which has more options for dinner / drinks on the weekend	
Nov 10 2009 	Personalized Service Central Location	Great service. The front desk makes sincere effort to ensure you have a pleasant stay. Good location.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Hotel great staff good location a definite yes!	I felt compelled to write a review of this hotel after having a fantastic stay. The hotel was absolutely beautiful inside, blending in with its surroundings - you would easily walk right past it. Upon arrival, a staff member in training was absolutely fantastic in checking us in. When we arrived at the room, the phone rang and reception had asked if our bags had been sent up yet. The room itself (and entire hotel) was absolutely spotless, very modern in appearance, and extremely comfortable. Thoughtful design went into the building, which had two restaurants (Chinese &amp; Italian), very nice foyer/lounge area. Rooms were slightly moderately bigger than expected, a nice bathroom with a big bath. The Concierge was always very helpful, as were all staff. The only negatives would be the walking distance to the nearest underground station at Temple (Blackfriars station is outside the hotel, but closed until 2011). The hotel also lacks complimentary Wi-fi in the rooms, however it does provide this on the Ground Floor and a wired service in the rooms at a hefty surcharge.I’m not easily impressed, but this hotel ticks all the boxes. A definite recommendation.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very modern and excellent location	We stayed at this hotel as we were not impressed with our previous stay at the Strand Palace. I went with my best friend (We are both 27.) This hotel is in a great location for the west end and ideal for those that want to stay out clubbing. We also had very nice food in the pub on the same street. The hotel is very clean and very modern. We would love to stay here again!	
Oct 23 2009 	So nice!	All the staff has been so friendly and helpfull! Thank You verry much! That's all I want to say. The rest of the hotel has been also fine. The Thames is close by, it's a 15-20 minutes walk to the Tower of London	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Crown Plaza. The room was always clean and quiet - the bathroom was really nice - lots of space to put things. We had room service a few times and it was excellent and reasonable. The concierge was very helpful. We were able to walk from the hotel to the Thames. We would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 9 2009 	Fantastic position loved this hotel	I stayed here with my daughter and mother for a week in July while my daughter attended a course. We have never stayed in this area of London and was Pleasently surprised. The hotel suited us perfectly. The rooms wehere nice, airy and very quite. We had a small sitting area which was nice. The position was perfect and as the tube station (Blackfiars)is closed we decided to use the busses. The bus stop is literally outside the door and they are so frequent it was so so easy to get around. The area its self felt so safe and we soon felt like locals. We stay in London 6/7 times a year and will now make this our first choice.	
Oct 6 2009 	Very nice stay	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 10 nights last week. I got an amazing rate off of Orbitz - about half off the per room night so it was definitely within my budget. I'd stay there again if I got a similar deal but am not sure that I would otherwise - it is too pricey for me.I had a lovely room on the inner courtyard. I asked for a quiet room and got it - room 420. The room had 2 double beds, chairs, table, desk, safe and decent wardrobe. The room was spacious and not cramped so I could spreadout over my 10 nights. The bathroom was also very good sized for London. The one issue I had was the height of the bathtub which made it a bit difficult to climb in and out of. Other than that - great water pressure and plenty of hot water. I also got a free paper of my choice every morning delivered to my door. I never tried the food at the hotel and the staff I saw was very nice.I loved the location and it's partly why I picked it. It's the perfect location to walk almost anywhere I needed to which I prefer to do so that I can enjoy my surroundings. Keep in mind that the tube at Blackfriars is closed until 2011 so if you arrive from the airport on the tube - you will need to walk from Temple. it wasn't a bad walk but I didn't have much luggage.	
Oct 4 2009 	ABSOLUTELY GREAT!	We stayed at this Crowne Plaza in September, and while the price is a bit steep, the staff was amazing!They made us feel like a million dollars! We were upgraded when they found out it was our honeymoon, gave us incredible service and local information, gave me a voltage converter so my flat iron would work, scheduled bus tours - you name it!The hotel was beautiful and the room was super quiet and immaculately clean!Very easy transportation and plenty of nearby cheap pubs - I highly recommend Blackfriar's across the street and don't miss The Cheshire Cheese a few blocks away.Only two drawbacks - yes, the breakfast and other restaurant meals in the hotel are ridiculously priced, so go out! And...if you're looking for drawers, forget it.Most European hotels seem to leave drawers and cabinets off their renovation list.What a great stay - we will definitely go back!	
Oct 2 2009 	Good room but don't pay extra for breakfast	Enjoyed a good room for two night using up my Nectar points, so good value to us in that sense. Check-in was quick and friendly. Room was clean and comfortable and relatively spacious by London standards. The bar is pleasant and worth a visit.My main gripe is that they wanted to charge £22 for a buffet breakfast. If they served top quality ingredients freshly cooked, I would consider paying this amount, but I've yet to have a buffet breakfast I would call good quality. I recommend exploring around for better value.My other problem was that Blackfriars underground station is closed for refurbishment until 2010, meaning a 500m walk from e.g. Temple station.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great hotel... as long as your not a young girl...	Hotel is very nice, a lovely lobby area where a piano is played, nice bar, dining area, etc. We had the set menu, which was also very nice, a choice of about 3 things for starter, main and desert, though the choices aren't changed on a regular basis. Location is perfect, about 2 minute walk from St James' Underground, and close to Buckingham Palace. Room size is what you would expect for the price, nicely set out and clean. Although expensive, this hotel is ideal for a few nights, especially business purposes (they have a lot of business rooms avaliable).However... one member of staff was a tad over-friendly. Stepping out of the lift after checking in, I must have looked slightly confused, as the place is a bit like a rabbit's warren with all windy corridors, so a deputy manager stepped out the lift and asked if I would like to be shown to my room. Very helpful, and I accepted. As we were walking, he put his arm round my waist, stroked my back until we reached my room. Half an hour later, I went down to meet my colleagues in the lobby, and he was there and asked if I would like to be shown the business rooms. Should have said no, but wanted to be polite, so accepted. Followed him down there, and then he showed me the spa and the gardens, all very nice. As we walked back, he opened a suite door and asked if I would like a look, I said that I best be getting back, but he inisted, so to be polite, again, I went in. He said: &quot;Isn't it beautiful?&quot; I said, &quot;Yes it's lovely&quot; and he said &quot;Not as beautiful as you&quot; and offered me to go for a drink with him, after saying no, he then said he would send a drink up to my room, which I then said no to again, and this carried on for a while.. all the time him trying to stroke my back and me flinching away. A lot of things can be said from it - yes, the staff are friendly (lol), and yes hindsight says I should have said no, as saying yes may have been suggestive in someway? Anyway.. take from it what you will... apart from this though, I had a very lovely stay at the Plaza.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great location great values; only ok rooms	We stayed at this Hotel in spring of this year. What attracted us to this hotel was that they were able to accommodate my family (wife and to young kids) in a single room which is difficult to come by at many London hotels. The price we booked online was excellent, for London. Upon arrival, we were much impressed by the facade of the Hotel. This favourable impression continued as we went into the lobby to check in. Very modern, chic insides so far. When we got to our room, we found it to be quite small, but this is London so we were not surprised. However, the decor in the room was quite bland. The beds were also uncomfortable for a Crown Plaza. Housekeeping was very good and we had no issues whatsoever.The best quality of this hotel is its location. It is opposite Blackfriars tube station (closed when we went unfortunately) and 5 minutes from St. Paul's. It is only a 15 minute walk to Covent Garden, 15 minutes to Westminster Abbey. What this means is that you are a little walk aways from the restuarants and evening activities but it lent itself to quiet nights in our hotel. Little street noise if any. We would stay here again especially if traveling with children.	
Sep 27 2009 	what a difference a year makes	Last year I stayed here &amp; was very impressed with the service &amp; was keen to return but oh dear; standards seem to have slipped somewhat e.g. even in the first hour we were not informed about a planned fire test &amp; had to go looking for somebody to see whether this was the real thing when the alarm went off. We also had to go hunting for supplies to have a cup of tea. There was inaccurate information in the room about the restaurant facilities which was compounded by further wrong information being given by the person at the desk - it turned out that one was closed for refurbishment &amp; the other would be opening much later than we'd been told. The rest of the weekend was OK but not a patch on my first visit.	
Sep 24 2009 	Good location 	Very friendly &amp; helpfull staff. Big rooms for London. Only down side was the breakfast which wasn't up to the standard of the rest of the service,	
Sep 23 2009 	Great hotel!	Stayed for 3 nights. The room was booked through British Airways. We loved it from the first minute. Check in was a breeze. Very friendly and nice staff in all departemts. Breakfast was delicious, and no waiting in line as is often the case.The room was modern and tastefully decorated. And there were two armchairs. The beds were very comfortable, and the items in the mini bar were moderately priced (compared to other hotels). They also offered complimentary bottled water. Nice!We had absolutely nothing to complain about, and we will stay there again for sure.Highly recommended!	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Hotel with excellent staff	My husband's comment &quot; i find the hotel pretty good, in a great location the good thing about it, no breakfast so watch out which is pretty expensive almost 60pounds for 2person. close to all tourist attractions. All your staff are very nice/accommodating/courteous and helpful, from Lee/Yanis/Mack or Mick(concierge) to the reception : angelo/carlo/ all the girls. The only trouble we had is with the breakfast charges because i made a booking with priceline breakfast included, i was surprised that it's not included and i was told by your colleague that priceline always do that which will have a bad impression in your hotel, should we know that we will be charge for more than fifty pound for the two of us we should have enjoyed our breakfast, we (me and my husband) had cofee, a slice of bread, little fruits, spoonful of egg because i made an arrangement for a tour through your concierge for the evan evans - bath/stonehenge/windsor and the time is limited if we knew we should have eaten more. Wish we had a room with a view. They have everything i expected expect for the breakfast that's why i'm only rating them very good instead of excellent. Another drawback is the blackfriars station being closed but still temple and mansion house station is close by. Would still recommend for people to stay.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great location	Thank you for making my holiday in London a memorable one. Your staff are wonderful and very helpful with our needs during our stay. Your location is a plus, centrally located, I have a very good walking exercise everyday and enjoying the beautiful scenery of London's historical places.If I plan to re visit London, definitely, 19 New Bridge Street Crowne Plaza Hotel will be on my mindThank you very much	
Aug 28 2009 	Excellent Friendly Hotel	Booked a 2 night midweek stay. Am a Priority Club Platinum Member, and booked a Club Room, but was upgraded to a Junior Suite, bonus!The check in staff were really friendly and helpful and answered all my questions and even remembered me by name when I returned the following day to ask a question.The room was located on the First Floor, so the views weren't great but from previous stays, views from the higher floors are nice. The room was exceptionally clean and tidy with a marble finished bathroom. Those booking Club Rooms or Suites are given access to the Club Lounge on the 6th floor. This is decent sized and didnt get too busy during the times I tried it. Free WiFi access is provided along with a wide selection of drinks and canapes. Complimentary continental breakfast was provided in the lounge for those in Club Rooms.Only downside, which is no fault of the Hotel's is London Blackfriars station across the road is undergoing major refurbishment as part of the Thameslink project. So this means the Tube Station is closed so need to arrive by National Rail services or by bus. However the Hotel is ideally situated for most tourist attractions and I was able to get across London with ease from the Hotel.Overall I was exceptionally pleased with my stay and would definately recommend it ahead of all the other Crowne Plaza Hotels in London.	
Aug 16 2009 	London holiday after 29 years away!	I trained at a London hosp. for 6 yrs but left 29yrs ago. This was my first return, together with husband and children (13&amp;11) Stayed at hotel for 6 days- a superb,spacious,calm &quot;oasis&quot; in the centre of London. The staff were so friendly,polite,kind and helpful. Children loved the breakfasts,and I was very pleased to see such healthy choices!Such a good,central location. Nearest tube Temple as Blackfriars is closed until ?2011. Only 30 mins from Gatwick to Victoria, and a few mins to Temple on tube. Don't forget to save money by getting OYSTER Cards for travel in London. Hotel is great to walk to Globe &amp; National theatres &amp; Tate Modern over Milleneum Bridge. Also St Paul's &amp; M&amp;S food shop.We did so much,but the list is too long. You can do a family holiday in London for less money, and we all want to come back again from the Scottish Highlands for another holiday of walking,picnic lunches,museums,art galleries,the Wimbledon tour,Globe theatre (£5 tickets) a Harrods visit (the pets dept!) and different meals out each evening. Enjoy family time with your teens before they get too old!!! Children want to come back for before Christmas to do it all again! We'll see!	
Aug 4 2009 	Breakfasts need some work	Just to confirm this is generally an excellent hotel. However those planning to stay on the 6th floor need to know that breakfast service can be very poor.We stayed for four days and on each of the mornings a big deal was made of setting the table, producing cereal bowls, cutlery etc. Just to clarify we showed up earlier than 9:00 a.m. on each morning (breakfast runs until 9:30 a.m.). A hotel of this quality needs to do better.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Location	I think you could not ask for a better location, main London attractions are only at walking distance and you can find Bus Stops and Tube stations just a few meters away from the hotel. Make Charing Cross your station and take the 15 line. The rooms are neat and clean and staff is very helpful. Some rooms in the 7th floor even have a view to the Thames River. I think this the best choice for business travellers.	
Aug 2 2009 	An excellent hotel in London close to everything you need have stayed before and will stay again!	This was our third stay at this hotel and even after a two year gap since our last stay, we found the hotel to be just as good as it was last time.We got the rooms at a steal, a deluxe room with two double beds for £120/night. We stayed three nights, with the first night on rewards points.The hotel is located in the City of London and is popular with business travellers. It is right across the road from Blackfriars (The underground metro I believe is closed for repairs, but the above ground rail line was still working) and there are many other stations just up the road. At Ludgate Circus there is a bus stop with many routes that will get you to the popular tourist attractions.Reception staff were friendly and efficient, as were housekeeping and concierge. Housekeeping was very quick with delivering any requests.The hotel offers a complimentary morning newspaper to all guests and you can get whatever newspaper you want. You can also pick up an additional one in the lobby if you want, and they didn't have any problems with delivering two if you wanted.There is a Portland convenience store just across the road which is open late into the night, it might possibly be 24-7. Prices there were reasonable. There is also a Starbucks and Costa Coffee within view of the hotel entrance on New Bridge Street. There are some Boots places just up the street where you can get your pharmaceutical goods as well as drinks and snacks.Now onto the rooms, which are beautiful! The rooms are large for London, many hotels don't have rooms which could fit two double beds and still have plenty of room to spare. The hotel has standard, deluxe and exectutive rooms (exec. rooms can't take two double beds for some reason). The TV was an old style one but it had a large screen and plenty of channels including many international ones. Deluxe and Executive rooms have free wired internet, while in the Standard ones you have to pay. Sadly no wi-fi here. There is a business centre which you pay for. The bathrooms were very good with some of the best towels I have had in a luxury hotel. Complimentary tea, coffee, biscuits, small chocolates, mineral and still water is provided and replenished daily.Previous reviewers have commented on the lack of views. The hotel is low rise (presumably building restrictions, same height as all the other buildings on the street) and I don't know what view people would expect in a city block. If you get one of the higher floored rooms you may have a view of St Paul's or a glimpse of the Thames. However, the benefit is that the rooms are nice and quiet.Previous reviewers have also commented on the refurb work in the lobby. I'd just like to point out that this isn't an inconvenience as the lobby previously was just an empty space with a few sofas, but will now be transformed into an area where people can meet and enjoy light meals and drinks. there is definitely no noise coming from the refurb work to the rooms.The only real inconvenience with the refurb is that Spicers is closed. However, Refetorrio is still opened and is serving breakfast in the meantime. We went to Refetorrio for a late dinner. We just had some pasta and a sampler plate as well as wine and it cost £90 for four, not too bad considering it is owned by Georgio Locatelli, who is supposedly michelin-starred. The pasta dishes varied, some of us got small servings which weren't too tasty, while others found it tasty and quite filling. I suppose you just have to be good at choosing!The pub across the road looked good (was busy) but we didn't get to try it. Breakfast is served there until noon and then it is regular food into the night. We went to Chez Gerard in Covent Garden and loved it, I highly recommend. If you would like to have something simple I suggest the Marks &amp; Spencer Simply Food just next to St. Paul's, we all got sandwiches, cakes and drinks, all freshly made for under £20.On one of the night's near Ludgate Circus there was a weirdo who started talking to us. We avoided her and kept walking and she followed for a while until two big dudes came out of the pub and she stopped. I don't see this as a barrier to staying at the hotel, but thought I'd let you know.We are Priority Club Platinum members but there were no real benefits for us, probably because as a group of four we had already booked the best room possible that all of us could sleep in. So perhaps if just one or two people went and booked a deluxe room with a king bed, they might get upgraded to executive.Just a note, getting a taxi on Sundays, especially in the morning, can be difficult. Concierge said that they found it better to go out to New Bridge street and hail a taxi instead of calling because it can take longer if they call. It might be an idea to call reception a few minutes before leaving or checking out to inform them that you require a taxi.The best options to Heathrow or Gatwick are taxi or train. We found the First Capital Connect train from Gatwick very good, as it stopped at Blackfriars and all we had to do to get to the hotel was cross the road!So all in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially at the price we paid. If anyone requires extra information please message me.	
Jul 30 2009 	Not impressed	Upon our arrival we found out the price was british pounds per night rather than the US dollars that we were quoted by ITC Hotels Group. The desk was able to find us another room at a different hotel in the chain but not for the following 2 nights. We stayed two nights at the Crowne Plaza and for the price we paid (195 bp), we would definitely NOT say this hotel was a good deal. We had the larger &quot;club&quot; or executive room with free drinks and canapes in a club lounge. We probably could have gotten our money out of the stay if we drank heavily, but we don't. The bar that you hang your clothes on in the closet in our room collapsed as soon as we hung our clothes on it. The room may have bigger by London standards but it wasn't large by our standards. The rate included a full english breakfast buffet on weekends. The breakfast was less than satisfactory as they constantly ran out of various items. Not to mention that breakfast was served in a conference hall rather than a restaurant. Travel to and from the hotel was also difficult because of construction and the Blackfriars Tube stop being closed. We did not think this part of London was good for a family or sightseeing. The staff was marginally helpful at best with the exception of the desk manager who tried his best to accommodate our requests when we arrived. In the end we were switched to a much less expensive hotel, The Holiday Inn Express in Bloomsbury, which had a much better room for substaintially less, in a better part of London, with a better breakfast and much friendlier staff. Overall, I can't complain too much because we only stayed at the Crowne Plaza 2 nights and we stayed at the Bloomsbury Holiday Inn 7 nights. Who would have thought a Holiday Inn would be that much better than a Crowne Plaza, but it was, trust me.	
Jul 29 2009 	Was UNAWARE of hotel renovations taking place!!	I arrived at the hotel with my partner last weekend for a birthday weekend treat to half a hotel reception, half is 'boarded off' for refurbishment. I would not have minded half as much if i had been informed about the hotel renovations when booking the hotel online and speaking to someone on the telephone to confirm a 'room with a view'..The view was 'Blackfriars' train station (which is also going through major refurb and is a building site). The room itself was a very nice size, and one of the biggest hotel rooms ive stayed in, when in a london hotel..Unfortunatley due to hotel fefurb the hotel's restaurant was not fully up and running..The hotel does have a small gym, but my room card would not let me enter the gym (dont know why)..? The hotel does have a nice bar which offers a range of cocktails..overall i would stay again, just after the refurb!!	
Jul 18 2009 	Ok hotel.	We redeemed our Priority Club points to get this hotel free. The hotel is located within a short tube ride of any attraction. It is very close to St. Paul's Cathedral and the Thames. We also walked to Big Ben from here. The tube station right outside the station is closed for renevation (Blackfriars), but there are several other stations within a short walking distance. The lobby was under renevation when we were there, it will probably be nice when it is completed. There was more construction outside our window, but it did not distract us from sleeping. The only major issue was that the celling was leaking the day we left. Overall, it was an ok hotel. It will probably be better when the lobby is completed and when the tube station renovation and the outside construction is completed (though this is beyond the hotel's control).	
Jul 14 2009 	Comfortable good hotel and value but don't expect to be dazzled	My wife and I stayed at Crown Plaza The City for 6 nights in early July. IMPORTANT NOTE: Blackfriar station is closed until 2011 for renovations, you must use Mansion House or Temple (preferred) tube stations. The staff was friendly and professional but we didn't often see or speak to anyone the 6 nights we were there. After checking in, there was hammering coming from below (there is some construction going on in the hotel), but the front desk quickly moved us to another where it was honestly one of the most quiet hotel stays I've had. &quot;The City&quot; (name of the neighborhood, old London) is close to other places but is fairly bland in some ways and is kind of deserted on the weekend. Overall a good experience, comfortable and a good value but don't expect to be dazzled.	
Jul 11 2009 	A hotel that gets everything right.	I have stayed at some of the best known hotels and resorts in the world but they could all learn something from this hotel. From arrival to departure these guys got it absolutely right. As is often the case it was the small things that made the difference. Reception staff who are warm, friendly and efficent without being obsequious or(as is often the case)indifferent. They were actually training new staff on the reception procedure as we checked in but there was no delay, no fuss, no awkward silences. The staff talk to you as they tap away on their keyboards so if there is even a slight delay you never feel you are being patronised. The restaurant and bar facilities, along with the staff, are first class. No matter what time of day or night the quality of service never falls below excellent. I have never stayed in this hotel before but its the first place I would stay whenever I am in London. And, for any cynics reading this review, I do not work for this company. I just happened to have found a hotel company that treats its guests as people, not cash machines. WELL DONE CROWNE PLAZA LONDON!	
Jul 9 2009 	Lovely London hotel - central with great staff	We stayed here for two nights around our wedding. The staff at the hotel were fantastic and bought us champagne into the room as well as chocolates in the evening. The rooms are spacious and they upgraded my family for free as well which was really kind. The hotel is very modern with lovely bathrooms and it is spacious for London.The location is great, near to the river, Temple tube station and the central sights. The restaurant in the hotel is also fabulous and we had a great evening meal there which i would recommend. The bar is excellent too and has good cocktails and a DJ at the weekend.	
Jul 7 2009 	Fantastic Hotel great location lovely staff	I would highly recommend this hotel. My sister and I stayed here because we got a good rate and after reading the excellent reviews on here.The hotel is easy to find and just a 5/10 minute walk along the embankment from Temple tube station. The hotel will be even more accessable as soon as Blackfriers tube re-opens. The staff were very friendly and helpful and check in was done in minutes. Our room was on the first floor and we'd noticed some roadworks outside the hotel on our way in and were worried we'd be disturbed but the sound proofing is amazing! Ive never stayed in such a quiet hotel room in my life. The room was a good size, modern and spotlessly clean. There were 'White Company' toiletries in the bathroom and a plentiful supply of clean white towels. My sister and I went to see Take That later that evening at Wembley Stadium and were glad to know we were only a few tube stops away from our super comfy bed after an evening of singing and dancing!The next day we walked to covent garden from the hotel which only took us about 20 minutes strolling along with a coffee. I wouldnt hesitate to recommend this hotel or to stay here again and infact im sure I will everytime I visit London.	
Jun 30 2009 	Was good hotel for very good price	This hotel is located on the north side of the City (financial district). Location was good for easy access to Tower of London and Tower Bridge. It is about 8 blocks north of the Tube station. There are a number of buses that go by both the Crown Plaza and Tube station. Tube is excellent for getting around London central. If you are going to be out each day, get the day pass/ticket. Crown Plaza (City) seems to be business oriented. That was fine as we were in town over the weekend. It was a good stay for the price paid.	
Jun 27 2009 	Excellent!	This hotel is inviting, elegant and the services are first class. The staff was polite and accomodating. The rooms are clean, nicely decorated and comfortable. The hotel is close to the tub/metro and the busline. Only negative, no restaurants within walking distance that are open for dinner. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 27 2009 	Fantastic can't fault it at all yet again!!!	We've lost count on the number of times we have stayed at Crowne Plaza, The City, and once again we were not disappointed. We stayed here twice in the space of a week, backing onto our holiday in Croatia. On arrival on the first stay we were lucky enough to get an early check in and an upgrade to a Club Room, we were also upgraded again on our following stay.The rooms are clean and tidy with a nice modern decor. Air-conditioned (although they could do with dimming the light on the air-conditioner as I had to put tape over it during the night as the little green light is just way too bright!), with all the usual mod-cons. Great addition was the plunger coffee, biscuits and chocolates in the room. Always a nice touch.Something exceptional this stay was the staff honesty and hotel security. We were completely in holiday mode and on our first stay left all our foreign curency in the safe (which we left open), value of £350. Once we got to the airport the following day, as we stayed the night at Gatwick for an early flight, we promptly called the hotel in the hope that they may have found it. Obviously unable to provide an answer immediately, we had to board the plane and wait and see thinking our £350 was lost, so the holiday was going to be double the cost! Very pleased on arrival of our flight to pick up our messages with the good news that 'yes' ALL the money had been located and was stored securely in the main safe for our return the following weekend, very efficiently providing a reference number for collection. What a saviour!Could highly recommend this hotel, it is only a 10-15 minute walk to Covent Garden. The service is always exceptional and we always have a great stay.We didn't dine in the restaurant, but could highly recommend a nice local Malaysian restuarant called '54' which is on Farringdon Road (yes you guessed it, No 54.) for dinner.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great modern spacious hotel	Stayed here whilst travelling to London for the night and couldnt have been happier.Firstly, the hotel is perfectly positioned for anyone using First Capital Connect trains (Luton airport, bedford, brighton etc) as the train station for gettting on them (city thameslink) is located &lt;200m away. So we had a nice easy travel to the hotel which was brilliant. The tube station that the hotel is right next to (Blackfriars) is closed for renovations currently till 2011 however Temple statino is a short and lovely walk away along teh thames so not too many complaints there. Location was great for walking to west end theatre, buckingham palace, big ben &amp; st pauls so near all the sights. Quiet hotel.Service was excellent - the conceirge especially was sooo helpful with our requests and really went the extra mile to help us find a restaurant.We received an upgrade to a club room which was brilliant - the rooms were spacius, modern and had all the mod cons - including an ipod dock so we could just slot in our ipod and have music playing. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was great. Rare to find a modern hotel with large rooms in london and i would strongly recommend staying here.	
Jun 23 2009 	Dreary hotel in the wrong part of town	Afraid it looks like I am going to be the dissenting voice amongst these reviews. I was bitterly disappointed by this hotel. Set in a dead part of London, down a dreary back street, it's only redeeming feature was its staff who were efficient and friendly throughout the hotel. The Club level rooms were probably the worst of any Crowne Plaza I have stayed in, poky, dark, dreary,  cluttered with outdated furnishings and beds that are adequate at best. I dread to think what a standard room is like. After several miserable stays in the group's hotels lately, this is the hotel that, after seven years as a Platinum Priority Club member has tipped me over the edge with the group's declining quality in all it's UK locations and take my business to Marriott. If you get a cheap deal, stay here. If you are paying full rate there are better located and higher quality hotels to me had for your money in London.By the way, no mentipn of it on the hotel's website but Blackfriars tube station across the road from the hotel is closed until 2011 making it's remote location even more of an issue	
Jun 12 2009 	nice location	Big rooms, nice breakfast, but parking difficult, and difficult to reach with workts	
May 27 2009 	A Top class hotel with outstanding staff!!!	My husband and i recently stayed at The City hotel and i can honestly say It was one of the best hotels we have stayed at!! We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and the hotel upgraded us free of charge and then sent Chocolates and a hand written anniversary card to our room!!!! That was such a lovely gesture!! The hotel was spotless and very modern and ALL of the staff were so so friendly!! I would 100% go back to stay there and recomend it to anyone!!!	
May 19 2009 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else...	We had stayed at the Crowne Plaza a couple of years ago and were knocked out by the service, comfort and cleanliness. Since then, we have stayed at several other more fashionable London hotels but this time we decided to follow our head rather than our designer-label heart and return for a three-day stay to celebrate my partner's birthday.From the moment we were greeted by Carlo at the check-in desk, one of the so many helpful members of staff that combine to make you feel really valued, we experienced a near-perfect long week-end (the only thing we could gripe about was the weather!).The hotel is modern, spotlessly clean, spacious and so perfectly located. Our room (a deluxe double) was perfect, with a super bed, sitting area and bathroom.It was also so quiet, which meant that we got a really good sleep and lie-in on each of the three days of our stay.From the hotel we were just a 20 minute walk away from Covent Garden, the South Bank, Borough Market, St Pauls..... I could go on. And if we had wanted to use public transport, there are bus stops and an underground station right outside.I simply cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. It might be a little on the pricey side, bur rest assured - you won't get better all round value than at the London City Crowne Plaza.	
May 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel loved it!	We booked this hotel as it was in close proximity to the Royal Festival Hall where we had booked to see a show. Originally we had declined breakfast as this worked out at £15pppn but at check in, for an extra £20 a night we were offered a huge upgraded room with fantastic views of the eye, breakfast in the execitive lounge, afternoon tea in the executive lounge, free alcoholic drinks between 6pm and 8pm and a free newspaper delivered to our room in the morning - a bargin we couldn't refuse! Would definately stay here again.	
May 6 2009 	A little pricey but Rooms were very cool.	We were first put in a room that smelled of smoke, but I went downstairs and as soon as I mentioned it we were quickly UPGRADED and moved to a much better room. The hotel is well suited for business and leisure travelers alike. Loved the close access (literally steps) to the underground and some of the city’s most famous sites. Finally the rooms were nicely decorated in a contemporary fashion and even had a clock/speakers to plug my iphone into (great for an American without an electrical adapter.)	
May 5 2009 	By far the best London hotel i have ever stayed in	Me and my partner were staying in the hotel for my birthday as we booked a package deal to see Dirty Dancing, we have been on alot of package deals in london to see shows and concerts and although the shows are brilliant the hotels are always ok but not great. I had heard people mention the Crowne Plaza, so thought we would stay there, I was Immediately pleased not just by how lovely the hotel looked but by the service i recieved, the receptionist who dealt with us in check in was exstreamly polite and very friendly, she informed us of all infomation we needed to know and got us checked in in no time at all.When we got up to our room,it was amazing the room was perfect,it had everything you could possiblely need, from internet to an ipod docking station. The room was spoltless it was so clean and tidy.After a great night sleep,we made our way down to breakfast and the excellent service just kept coming, the food was delicious.This was by far the best london hotel i have ever stayed in, i enjoyed my stay so much am in the process of booking another package deal later this year with my family.Best birthday present ever!!!!!!!!!	
May 2 2009 	Location + Spotless = Great Hotel	We stayed for 4 nights and our room was a standard--which was roomy enough for the two of us. We had a view room over the street, much better than having to look into the &quot;courtyard&quot; that some rooms have.The room was spotless and the maid we had was fantastic. I used the internet in the business center everyday and it was free.There is a shop directly across the street which is open 24/7, a Costa Coffee one block away, and the awesome Blackfriar Pub across the street.You must use your room card key to use the elevator which is a nice security feature I wish more hotels had although the lifts are painfully slow.Bed was too soft for the husband and a bit squishy for me, but really a minor complaint. I wouldn't want to stay in the heat of summer as the A/C in our room was anemic in its ability to cool the room.I would stay here again without hesitation, we walked everywhere (Big Ben, Imperial War Museum, Cabinet War rooms, etc.) although not everyone is as avid a walker as we are.	
Apr 30 2009 	I would definately stay there again	I suppose under stated on the out side, but once inside its actually awsome when you enter the reception, its huge and very impressive.The staff are tremendous, the hotel itself is superb in every respect,standard, location, very high quality every where.You can also leave your luggage ther almost all day if you are leaving london in the evening.Nice bar below to chill after a night out in the West end. all in all a very chilled out weekend. I would certainly look at other Crown Plaza hotels in the future where ever I go.	
Apr 27 2009 	Enjoyable stay	The hotel is located in a great location, only a short walk to the Tate Modern, Millennium Bridge etc. There is a lot of construction around Blackfriars tube (until late 2011) so it can be a little confusing initially finding the hotel.The rooms were well appointed and modern and they were cleaned well, albeit it quite late (about 5pm) each day. Perhaps the hotel was short staffed but it wasn't a big issue. Most of the staff were helpful except for a grumpy receptionist upon check-in but the rest were quite polite. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to 'Temple' tube station and there are a couple of pubs in the area. All in all the hotel was sufficient for the needs of a tourist / business person.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great hotel great location	Really lovely modern hotel. We had a standard room, which had everything you would need.The bathroom was a good size, with bath and shower. The room was a good size and the bed was amazingly comfortable!The hotel's location is good. It is literally opposite Blackfriars tube station. However, when we stayed Blackfriars was closed so we had to use Temple. This was only a 5 minute walk so not too bad, but will be better when Blackfriars re-opens.We did not use any of the restaurants or bar as we only stayed one night so cannot comment on these, but I would imagine they are of high standard.All in all a great hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	Overnight stay	I have stayed in the hotel a few times as it was close to work. As i have used the IHG hotels alot, and a priorty gold member i was automatically upgraded to a club room, which was fantastic. Wonderful bedroom, bathroom - very roomy.The staff were warm and friendly. Highly recommended	
Apr 20 2009 	Very good option!	Crowne Plaza London City, was everything that we wanted. Rooms were very modern, clean and well equiped. The service of the Lounge was excellent; free drinks and snacks during evenings. The receptionist was very friendly and we get very good service everytime we went to ask something. Buffet breakfast was also very good. Only inconvenience was that our keaycard stopped working many times. Anyhow, very good place to stay if you value good quality!	
Apr 13 2009 	Does What It Says On The Tin	Clean and pleasant hotel away from the hustle of central London but still well placed for access to all the attractions and the river. Good value if you can get the room only 2 for 1 offers available (especially at weekends). Closure of the adjoining tube station is a minor inconvenience - short and nice walk to St Pauls helps wake you up in the morning.Not a hotel if you want glamour (geared towards weekday City business trade) but I would certainly recommend it. Staff are friendly and helpful.	
Mar 31 2009 	Won't frighten the horses!	This is a solid, cookie-cutter hotel from the InterContinental chain. The location is great, offering a bit of piece and quiet from the madness of the West End, but within easy walking distance of theatres, restaurants and shops. It's true that having Blackfriars tube station out of action for a couple of years is a bit inconvenient, but both St Pauls and Temple stations are within an easy 10 minute walk.The hotel itself is very contemporary and is well designed. Staff at reception and in the restaurant were very pleasant and welcoming. The rooms are rather bland, cream walls with pale wood, but are of a decent size. It feels like the rooms could do with a soft refurb, lick of paint, deep clean of the carpets and bathrooms. The rooms aren't in poor condition but with such a modern hotel in the City you'd hope they'd try and keep standards as high as possible. One of the plus points for me, and why I've returned a number of times is because of the excellent sound-proofing. The door to the bedoom is heavy and solid and you very rarely hear any corridor noise, I've certainly never been disturbed here. Air conditioning is effective, though sometimes it's nice just to open a window and you can't at this hotel.We've always stayed at the Crowne Plaza on an offer, this time it was a two for one deal which meant the room rate was approximately £60 per night and represented excellent value for money. Breakfast wasn't included and we paid for that separately. £22.50 for breakfast is steep, and adding a service charge to a self-service buffet is incredibly cheeky! We only ate there as I had a voucher for a free breakfast, I wouldn't recommend shelling out that money if you're having to pay, there are plenty of cafe's nearby, and even a McDonald's on Fleet Street!A top tip if you're driving is that the roads around the hotel offer free parking from Saturday at 1.30pm to Monday at 8.30am. A complete bargain when you consider how much 24 hour parking can be in central London.In summary, a hotel that probably won't have your heart racing, but offers excellent value for money for a weekend trip to London.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great place to stay with a baby	We stayed one night with our 23 month old daughter and 4 month old baby. We had a standard room which was very spacious. A travel cot was provided free of charge with lovely Winnie-the-Pooh duvet and Pillow which our daughter loved. We had our own pop-up bassinet for the baby and the room had plenty of space for us to put up this as well as the travel cot.A nice touch was the complementary bottles of water - not all hotels seem to do this these days.The room and bathroom were clean and I liked that a room key is required to access the lift to the rooms.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 20 2009 	superb customer service	Booked a weekend in London for my Dads 60th birthday.Upon emailing the hotel the night before to let the hotel know it was his birthday, his room was upgraded and a card and a gift were presented from the hotel staff.He said the hotel was in a great location and had a fantastic weekend at the crowne plaza London City.Thanks to all the staff for making his weekend extra special.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great	Arrived for one night on Valentines Day and, very fortunately, was able to check in at 10am. Room was clean and modern with just a little street noise due to 1st floor location. Staff were very courteous. Right next door to Blackfriars underground (but I believe the station is now closed for several months for modernisation so you may need to check alternative stations). The hotel had a problem with their water heating system during my stay and were professional enough to put a letter under the door to explain the problem and apologise for any inconvenience. Would stay again.	
Mar 14 2009 	Would stay here again - great location.	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza in the City on Friday 13th March 2009 following a work event. Check in was very easy and informative – we were into the room in under five minutes. We paid £90 for an advance purchase rate standard room direct from the hotel’s website.The room was a good size, with two double beds and plenty of space for luggage and clothes. The room was clean, the bathroom sparkling and both were well maintained. We had an inside room which still let in plenty of light from the atrium, however we were on the fifth floor so suspect that lower floors may be quite dark.The location of the hotel is fantastic, especially if you want to be close to St Paul’s Cathedral and the surrounding area (although the closure of Blackfriars Station opposite the hotel until sometime in 2011 is unfortunate) and at the weekend it is lovely and quiet. It is only a five minute stroll to the bus stop and a 5-10 minute ride to the heart of the West End. Buses 15 and 23 will take you along the Strand and straight to Piccadilly Circus/Regent Street/Oxford Street West.We recommend this hotel if you are looking for a good standard, corporate style, located in this area of London for a reasonable price. We didn’t use the restaurants or leisure facilities available so cannot comment on these.Liked: Location, room, cleanliness and lack of hassle.Disliked: The firmness of the mattress may not be to everyone’s preference, minor cosmetic damage to lamp and stereo.	
Mar 11 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	The Crowne Plaza The City is a well located smart modern hotel.The checkin was fast and efficient and a nice touch was to be shown to our room by the receptionist.The room itself was a good size and clean with everything we needed.Even though the hotel is located on a busy road there was very little outside noise and overall the room was very quite.A bonus is access to the exective lounge with complementry coffee etc and good views.Even with the closure of the tube station near the hotel transport is not a problem as St Pauls tube is only 10 minutes away and there are plenty of bars etc near the hotel.	
Mar 3 2009	Great Location comfortable relaxing	My 18 year old grand-daughter and I stayed for three days at the Crowne Plaza--I wanted her to see St. Paul's Cathedral, the Tower of London, the Globe, and take a boat ride on the Thames--even in super cold weather. The great location allowed us to walk everywhere. The hotel was comfortable and modern--quiet, with great beds. Maybe not a great view--at least from our room--but on the other hand, once we were on Fleet street we were near some of the greatest sights in the world. I also liked the restaurant, which was relaxing and serving good food. Be sure to go to the Blackfriars Pub right across the street. My granddaughter loved the publ. The staff was helpful, courteous, and I would say, went beyond the call of duty--like the concierge gave us a pass to St Paul's--which we did return, by the way, so someone else could use it. I would stay here again, in a minute.	
Mar 1 2009 	A quiet relaxing place in the city	The location when Blackfriars is open is ideal as the station is right outside the hotel and there's a direct line to the museums in South Kensington. As it was, we had to walk either to Waterloo or Embankment (~30 minutes) to get on the underground.Despite the hotel being on a busy road, with plenty of roadworks, our room was virtually silent. We requested an inner-facing room which although lacks a view (you're not missing much anyway), guaranteed a peaceful night. The two double bed's were quite small but useful if you have family and the room was a very good size. The room and bathroom were spotless and had everything you could need including dressing gowns which was a nice touch in a standard rooms.Service both on reception, concierge, and the bar were all top notch. The bar does add an optional service charge which unfortunately seems to be the standard in London these days, not something us Northerners are used to! But the bar was nice...really trendy, a good cocktail menu, and a decent enough DJ. Great for a pre-dinner drink.There's apparently a jacuzzi and sauna in the leisure centre but we didn't get to try this.My only complaint is the exorbitant cost of the in-room services. A day's use of the internet/movies/music was £45 and £11 for a single movie. Being able to rent music through your TV was a quite novel idea though. The mini bar was also excessively marked up with a small bag of crisps costing £2.75!The breakfast is also a shocking £22.50. Try the Young Vic in-between Southwark and Waterloo stations - £6.50 for great eggs Florentine. Also Babylon at Rooftop Gardens in Kensington is great for a sophisticated lunch with a view (£18-21).I would definitely recommend this hotel and will be staying there on our next trip to the city.	
Mar 1 2009 	The most helpful staff we have come across	We arrived at 10am to be told that we could move into our room imediately by an extremely helpful receptionist. Our standard room was clean, bright modern. The drinks in the bar were on the expensive side but the bar staff were extremely attentive and the atmosphere in the bar relaxed and friendly. On leaving we left our cases with the concierge for the day. After finaly leaving the hotel at 5pm we found that that the underground was shut for repair, unable to hail a taxi we returned to the hotel and despit having officialy checked out at 12 noon the hotel called us a taxi. Thank you very much, we made our flight check in with 5 mins to spare.	
Feb 27 2009 	What a Marvelous Hotel with Wonderful Staff	We took our 7 year old Grandson for his first trip to London, for a week trip, over the February half term. We booked with the Hilton Hotel Groups booking service using their talk to me messaging service, on their web site, after asking what the best deals were for central London, at the best price for 2 nights stay. This booking service was great and allowed us to check out reviews of the hotels that they recommended, by looking them up on Trip Advisor. We got a stunning deal of 2 nights for the price of one in a spacious Club room that had 2 double beds - a luxury room at an incredible rate (cheaper than staying at a Travel Lodge!). From the moment we arrived to the time we left we were treated as though we were really special. Our grandson was over the the moon with how helpful the porter was as we entered the hotel and said - &quot;wow it's just like like being royalty with your own servants&quot;. He availed himself, a couple of times, to calling room service to get extra biscuits, tea and milk and we have to say that all the staff were faultless on every occasion we need to call on them. Planning visits or getting tickets to places was a dream because the concierge let us use the Internet PC's in the business centre - if they were not able to do direct bookings themselves.We didn't bother with breakfast at the hotel as it was an extra £22 per person for English - which to be honest was not at all a good deal. But as we new this when we booked, we were not all bothered about this. There were loads of good eateries just around the corner in Fleet Street and even by St Paul's Cathedral, which were less than a five minute walk away. You could have a full English for less than £6 and a lovely Continental breakfast, for some what less. On the Sunday morning we had breakfast at Paul's Bakery, next to the Cathedral for £17 all in, for the 3 of us and it was delightful, with home made breads filled with fine ingredients. Oddly, though, you could get a 2 course evening meal at the Hotel's posh restaurant for less than £11 per person - although we didn't get a chance to try this out and verify the standard it looked good.If you want to grab an excellent pint of beer and have a really good taste of English food, then soak up the atmosphere at the Old Cheshire Cheese on Fleet Street - it's a must do experience and the open fires were great to huddle around, on the first night when it was a little chilly outside. The Blackfriars Pub directly opposite the hotel is also a cosy bolt hole with good beer and unbelievably reasonably priced, very quaffable house wine. Plus it has a stunning evening view of the London Eye and the OXO Tower, which shine out brightly across the Thames Embankment, if you sit at the outside tables!BUT what really made the week end GREAT was the stay at the hotel itself - pampered luxury at a knock down price in a very, very pleasant area of the city. We can't wait to go again!	
Feb 27 2009 	Reasonable 	Reception &amp; checkout very friendly &amp; efficient. Concierge knowledgeable &amp; very friendly.Stayed 2 nights in king size club room. Room OK but number of cosmetic problems that did no justice to the premium rate charged e.g eye catching scratches on table in dining area (strange because the table surface had a glass top protective cover) and some furniture surfaces looking tired and dull. If you think the inclusive continental breakfast in the club lounge an attraction..think again. On the weekend we were there it conisted of two croissants and half a dozen mini danish pastries....that's it ! apart from automated machine serving beverages. Two other couples walked in while we were there, saw the display &amp; walked out again in disgust. The evening was bettter with a good choice of beer, wine, spirits &amp; canapesThese little disappointments apart, the hotel is well located near tubes and attractions, clean and tidy and worth the money provided you get a good deal.	
Feb 23 2009 	Close to city	stayed at this hotel for two nights using points from Holiday Inn but have stayed at better quality Holiday Inns - expected Crowne Plaza to be better.nice hotel with good facilities including gym. Wifi £5 per hour and room service available.Bar prices extortionate not to mention the optional 10% service charge added to everything.beds were comfy and room really nice.local tube station is Blackfriars - PLEASE NOTE THIS TUBE STATION CLOSES ON 2ND MARCH 2009 FOR 2 YEARS - next nearest tube is 12 mins walk away.would recommend the City Inn, Westminster to a friend first	
Feb 22 2009 	What a Great Hotel	Having searched through a whole host of reviews and hotlels for a theatre weekend.I went for this one what a great hotel. Clean customer service superb. The staff could not do enough for you.A nice touch having to use your room key for the lift for extra security.I did'nt fancy the restaurant for evening meal, but as a previous reviewer said the Blackfriar acorss the road is a great London pub with good food.The only down side for future travellers, the tube next to the hotel is closed from 2/3/09for 18 months!!However the 63 bus from Kings Cross to the hotel is a regular service for £2.00 each	
Feb 17 2009 	Valentines Day in London	Looking through the reviews the most common thread is the friendliness of the staff and I would not disagree. We arrived too early for a room but we were helped with our luggage and promised the room would be ready later. When we returned the reception was fast and friendly and the porter very helpful. The room on the 7th floor was an odd shape but very comfortable with small but adequate bathroom and a coffee percolator. We were going out for a meal but the Spicers restaurant was open and we tried the Valentine Menu which was fantastic, although it was a bit quiet. Unfortunately the hotel boiler went down about 7pm which meant we missed out on a shower and got a bit cold but the hotel response was quick and apologetic. Also the friendliest hotel engineer ever! The hotel is a great location for St Pauls and the South Bank but not quite as easy to get into town, especially when the Tube Station is shut in March. We had breakfast at the Tate Modern - healthy but the most miserable waiters in town.	
Jan 5 2009 	till next time	Just got back. Saw the fireworks at new years day. Great !!Second time we booked this hotel and i think we book it again next time. Again we made a good deal for 4 nights.Besides that it is a very comfortable hotel. The location is very good if you gonna take the subway, its also 20 minutes walking to the London Eye. Its very near the river Thames but dont expect nice views from your room. The standard rooms are comfortable with one or two (very nice) beds. Just the bathroom is on the small size. We liked the rooms very much, its well isolated (from the inside as well) and our room had a glimp of the street. The people working at the hotel are very friendly and helpfull.We had also breakfast including the deal, which was also very good. Yes, we come back next time. We liked it !	
Jan 1 2009 	Quality hotel with excellent location.	My wife and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza City from 29 Dec 08 to 1 Jan 2009. I got a good deal through the Travel Republic web-site, bed and full buffet breakfast for less than £100 per night. Reception staff were very efficient and helpful and all aspects of my booking were dealt with smoothly. The Reception area is large and modern with a roaring gas fire to beat the very cold weather.We were given a complimentary upgrade and the corner room on floor 5 was clean, spacious and very well equipped.Breakfast was adequate for a 4 star hotel and the staff were very friendly and accommodating.My only complaint was with the Concierge service who failed to inform me of any of the New's Years Eve arrangements in the Hotel. I had asked on the 30th December what was available and was told that apart from the £115 per head Gala Function in the Italian Restaurant there was nothing else. I therefore booked a meal in a nearby restaurant. I was then surprised to find an information sheet pushed under our room door late on New's Eve telling me of an alternative £55 per head meal in Spicer's Restaurant, a function with food in the Bar and a discoin the Lobby! Had I known I would have booked a table in Spicer's Restaurant.However, we were able to partake of the disco and our meal at Cafe Rouge was somewhat cheaper.The pub over the road - The Black Friar is of historic interest, very popular and atmospheric, serves proper pub grub at cheap prices and a selection of real ales. Not to be missed.The location of the hotel is helped enormously by the proximity of Blackfriars tube on the District and Circle lines. When it closes for refurbishment for 3 years in March 2009 this will remove this benefit, making the hotel much more difficult to access by tube.Overall a great hotel for the price paid with excellent staff.	
Dec 9 2008	Clean quiet but the view?	The Crowne Plaza City is easily accessible from the Blackfriars tube station (exit 8 I think), and there are two entrances to this hotel, but both take you to reception, whether you decide to enter the hotel via either way. The reception is very large open plan, wonderful comfy couches, huge gas fire, and a very beautiful silver clock. Receptionists were efficient, gave me two card keys without me having to ask, and we were directed to our room. Now here comes the fun bit.The hotel had agreed to upgrade us to a better room than we had originally booked (this is the first time in 5 years of staying with the ICH group of hotels I hasten to add!), and whilst the room was nice and cosy (see pics), the view was indescribably bad! I immediately closed the curtains and left them closed all weekend. You must see the pics to understand what I mean. This was room 609, there were also other rooms facing this white facade. I would have thought that a hotel of this calibre would at least try to make a boring view a little more interesting for its paying guests, but hey!The hotel, whilst busy, appeared quiet. The Crowne plazas must do something to fire doors/room doors/lift doors, to make them extra quiet, and I like this feature of the hotel. Why holiday inns aren't as quiet, I will never know!There were at least two chairs to relax in the bedroom, and the room had a very comfy bed/tea/coffee making facilities to make you feel at home. The furniture showed a little sign of wear and tear (the hanger in the wardrobe fell off as I placed a blouse in it!), but good quality fittings throughout.The shower had good pressure, and the bath water also filled the bath quick enough.We ate at the restaurant on a saturday night. We were on the fixed price menu (included in our £150 per night stay), and I was really disappointed with my two first courses. I had smoked mozzarella and beetroot salad. I felt as though the quality was of that which you could have prepared yourself with ingredients from tesco. The main course (veggie), was bland, uninspiring and whilst there was plenty, I was so bored I left half of my main course. The dessert was excellent, and service was OK. Why when there were only 4 tables eating they seated them all next to each other, to hear each others conversation, I can only guess that they didn't want far to walk to serve diners.Breakfast was great, plenty of food, great staff (especially sunday morning), and nothing too much trouble.I suppose I expected more, so I am disappointed. If you want a room with a view, suggest you contact the hotel directly to ensure you get it.The Blackfriar pub across the road from the hotel is a must go to - just a great little pub, serving food and a great selection of beers and wines in the middle of london.	
Dec 6 2008 	Nice Hotel	Crowne Plaza-The City is a nice hotel located very close to the Black Friar tube station and just across the street from the Black Friar Pub-A very old pub that we enjoyed very much. It is just north of Victoria Embankment. The room was adequate with a good size bathroom. It was clean. Crown Plaza' have comfortable beds/pillows with decent sheets and covers. One evening My wife and I got stuck in the elevator for about 30-minutes. The door would not open and they had to call the fire department to help. The manager was very sorry and paid for our dinner in the Italian restaurant located in the hotel. The food was good and we appreciated the consideration. I booked this hotel for a Friday and Saturday night through United.com... paid $150/night with tax. The same room goes for $400ish starting on Sunday since there main business is serving business district customers.	
Nov 30 2008 	Best London hotel to date	Chose this Crowne Plaza for a weekend culture break in London on the basis of tripadvisor reviews and was very pleased with the choice. The location is appealing since you can easily walk to the West End theatres, South bank galleries, the Barbican, etc. It may be a good 15-20 minute walk in some cases, but London is such a pleasant place to stroll around, weather notwithstanding, with its countless hidden laneways and curiosities, so why wouldn't you? This was the first trip to London (of several) where I've managed to avoid the Tube entirely. Taking the tube to many of these destinations will take longer than walking in any case. And the hotel will gladly loan you an umbrella if necessary.I had a standard room which was a decent size for London, and furnished pleasantly. I've paid considerably more in years gone by for considerably less. Even though I was only on the first floor, overlooking busy New Bridge St, road noise was not an issue for me. Complimentary mineral water was provided, and it was replaced each day! The only minor annoyance concerning the room related to the power outlets. The only ones in the bathroom were part of the hair-dryer fitting and only offered non-earthed 2-pin US or European fittings. All my adaptor plugs had earth pins, and wouldn't fit. So I had to use my electric shaver over the desk in the bedroom. (I'm sure the hotel would have obliged with an adaptor if I had asked.) The only other minor glitch was that when I left, the hotel called a private car instead of the taxi I asked for, which cost approx 30%-40% more. I never tried the hotel's own restaurant or food options, given their relatively high price. There are any number of Pret's, Starbucks, Cafe Costa's, and the like a short stroll from the hotel where you can fill up, maybe not as well, but for a good deal less money. Although most of the nearby outlets are closed on the weekend, St.Paul's is just around the corner, and most of the food outlets adjacent to it are open on weekends. Also, just a short stroll to Ludgate Circus is the appealing &quot;Leon&quot;, which serves a good variety of &quot;healthy fast-food&quot; at very reasonable prices. Would happily stay here again for a similar style of visit.	
Nov 25 2008 	Liked the room the location and the price.	Stayed here for two nights in a club junior suite earlier this year. The room was very nice and the staffs were friendly and accommodating. There was a problem with service in the club lounge on Sunday evening. But my complaint was handled very professional and friendly. I was invited to talk to the guest relations manager and she asked if she could do anything for us. My request for a late check out was honoured immediately. Not always so simple on a week day. Best of all, that evening service at the lounge was impeccable.I like a hotel where I feel they take customer suggestions seriously and really try and improve wherever possible.Although there isn’t much going on right around the hotel, it is sort of in the middle of all the major attractions. So you can get everywhere easily using public transport.Breakfast was good, but very ‘English’. Not necessarily everyone’s cup of tea, but I liked it.All in all, a very nice stay.	
Nov 11 2008 	Comfortable stay	This hotel is in a brilliant location with a tube station right next to it. I have stayed in loads of London hotels and this one is the only one than really stands out. Rooms are big and comfortable for London. Staff was very friendly and helpfull and I was well pleased with them. Prices was good for the hotel not rip off.	
Nov 11 2008	Not up to crown plaza standards	I feel i got too llttle for what i expected. Cheaply done, with lotsof trainees as employees everywhere and little other service. Not recommended	
Nov 11 2008	most comfortable/Crown Plaza London	My wife and I had a great stay at the Crowne Plaza, London this October. Very clean, comfortable room. comfortable bed and linens,towels very absorbent. Large Room.. Good bath and shower. Staff was always helpful. Breakfast buffet was good. All in all we would book there again if we can get back to London. Especially, contrasted with a much larger hotel in Paris which was next on our trip this hotel is outstanding.	
Nov 5 2008 	Fantastic customer service at this Crowne Plaza	Have stayed at a number of Crowne Plazas, but this one really does stand out. Excellent customer service - really felt valued as a customer right from the moment I walked in the door.The receptionist even showed me around the hotel.Club rooms are spacious, clean and with a good range of refreshments. Moulton Brown toiletries in the bathroom make a difference, too!Club lounge is a great place to relax.Having stayed at about 20 different hotels this year, would rate this one 1st.	
Nov 4 2008 	Very nice!	Spent four nights here mid-week in September 2008 on business. Started in a standard room on the second floor above the kitchen. 2 nights in a row the cleaning crew woke me up at 2AM with all of the banging &amp; clanging while moving appliances during cleaning! Finally after getting angry - I phoned the front desk around 3 AM to ask what was going on and stated that I'd be down to see the manager in the morning. The next morning the manager apologized and had already addressed the issue with the cleaning crew. He offered a room upgrade to a business suite on the 6th floor and the last two nights of my stay were very pleasant. I think the rooms were very nice, clean, well appointed. I was comfortable in the standard room, the suite was near double the size. Everything in the hotel was in top notch condition.When my wife &amp; I moved on to a more affordable hotel for the vacation portion of our trip - the condition of the next hotel was what set the Crowne Plaza apart. The Park Plaza Victoria was great for the money, but paled in comparison to the Crowne Plaza (as you would expect).Having never been to London - I was afraid to stay in the City on weekends because it sounds like everything shuts down and would be very dull. But knowing what I know now - I would stay here on weekends. It's right on the river and across from a tube stop. Can hop on/off a tour bus just up the street at St. Paul's. We went out for all our meals and the room was just for relaxing/sleeping - you would have no regrets here. And we loved the pub across the street!	
Nov 3 2008 	Very Pleasant Stay	My husband and I stayed in the Crowne Plaza London as part of a theatre break for our first wedding anniversary.The hotel was modern, well decorated and extremely pleasant. We arrived at around middday and were told that our room was not ready but that we could leave our bags with the concierge. After checking out on our last day, we also left our bags with the concierge so that we could go shopping for a few hours.Our room on the first floor was spacious with modern decor. The bed was very comfortable and towelling robes were provided. Breakfast was included in our theatre and hotel package and we were pleasantly surprised to find that it was a buffet style help yourself breakfast from which you could have cereal, cooked breakfast, fruit, pastries- as little or as much as you wanted.The reception staff were always friendly and helpful. We did have a drink in the hotel bar which was a little expensive but no more so than in any other London hotel bar.The best thing about this hotel is its location very close to Blackfriars tube station. We will definitley come back.	
Nov 2 2008 	great location - friendly front desk	I arrived at the hotel with a privat shuttle from the airport - a bellman took my suitcase and guided me to the check in desk. That was fast and very friendly and personal! (Mirko was the best)The same bellman brought me and my bag to the room and showed me everything in it. The bed is nice, but not as nice as the most US chains with their sleeper beds. Comp. water was in the room for the first night.The location is great - if you walk 15 - 20 minutes you can reach most tourist stuff in downtown London. GREAT!!After the first night, the cleaning lady knocked multiple times at my door and even opened it - well, there was a do not disturb sign out?! Why was she doing this? I complaint at the front desk and they dealed with the situation from their on.Nice hotel, good service but not a service heaven.	
Nov 1 2008 	Beware of Room 104	Conveniently located business hotel, however our room was directly above one of the restaurants and they were moving tables &amp; chairs around night and day. The Italian restaurant was delicious but the service was sub par. Overall, the stay was worth what we paid for but not the rack rate.	
Oct 13 2008 	okay but not brilliant	Booked a standard room from Lastminute.com, their 'secret hotels' deal (advertised as savings up to 40% of the normal cost). In fact, had I booked directly with the hotel it would have only cost an extra £4 per night. A standard room was exactly what it stated, a very small disabled room, with double bed. For a 4* hotel I did expect better. The room was half heartedly made up after our first night- the one bathrobe was simply left lying crumpled up on the chair. At least the bed had been made. There was nowhere to hang the bathrobe or towels, and very space to put your case or store clothes. Complimentary water is left in the room for the first night only. It doesn't get replaced if your stay is longer. Loose tiles in the bathroom by the toilet bowl. The hotel does occupy a prime site by the tube and the river, handy for most places. Breakfast was not included and very expensive.	
Sep 16 2008 	Brilliant location for London stay	Weekend-break stay, I usually have 1 or 2 in London per year and this is the best located Hotel I have stayed in. 15mins walk into Theatreland, Covent Garden etc, or cross the bridge into the South Bank area. There is no need to get Tubes/Taxis unless you are going far or don't like walking.Reception was very helpful, arrived early so room not ready, but they took my mobile no. and called me later that afternoon as soon as room was ready. Spacious, modern room. I didn't use any of the hotel restaurants, only the bar, which was pricey but hey it's London. Being based in 'The City', there are numerous cafes, pubs, diners and a Starbucks/Pret a Manger on every corner, but most of these are closed on weekends (no office workers).	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Location	Stayed here on Thurs/Fri in Aug 08 with my wife.First, the hotel is in a great location. Across the street from the Blackfriars underground station and a direct train ride from Gatwick. Note: if you have luggage and take the train, there are some stairs to climb to get across the street. Aside from the Underground, you can walk to several tourist sites, restaurants, etc. Very close to the river.Check-in was quick and efficient. Room was average size with about average amenities. King bed (comfortable), nice closet, desk, chairs, chest, tv. Bathroom had a tub, sink and toilet. Nice amenities.The staff was friendly and guest-oriented. Quickly and efficiently handled special requests and got a cab for the airport (Heathrow) quickly. Cost about 55 pounds and took about 35 minutes to get to Heathrow on Saturday afternoon (little traffic).Although a business hotel, it's in a great location and has reduced rates (for London) on the weekend. A good overall experience.	
Aug 24 2008 	A hotel that caters for business travelers	I have stayed in this hotel numerous times (probably 20 times in last 18 months)- it is perfectly located near Embankment in the City. The River Thames and Blackfriars Bridge are just a short stroll away. The hotels main clientele are business travellers working for many of the large blue chip firms located in the area. The rooms are clean and well serviced. The Italian restaurant serves good food and there's a good variety of food for breakfast (which is also very expensive!). The bar is normally quiet . There's good TV and internet facilities in the rooms also. All in all, it's a good four star hotel. The South Bank is only 5-10 minutes walk away and there's plenty of good bars and restaurants to choose from. I have only ate in the hotel once in all the times I stayed there - there's too many good restaurants nearby to stay in!	
Aug 10 2008 	Great fantastic why stay anywhere else?	We had a great weeked at the crown plaza. A good location right on the river, perfect for anything on the south bank. I booked directly with the hotel and got a 2 for 1 night deal, making it great value. We had a lovely room with excellent beds and pillows. My only complaint was that our breakfast was not included and at £19.99 for a full buffet it must be one of the most expensive breakfasts in London. We only had it one morning because we were starving, but knew better by the next morning!I will be making it my local stay when in town, but will definately be going out for breakfast.	
Jul 21 2008 	Comfortable	Haven't stayed at too many Crowne Plazas over the years and wouldn't think to try one in London. But found it on Hotwire and it wound up being surprisingly pleasant. Was suspicious about all of the positive reviews but have to agree it is a decent choice if you can get it for the right price. Lobby and restaurants are particularly attractive and comfortable, the rooms a bit less so. Also thought the internet charge in the room was obscene. Other than that not a bad London base if you want or need to be in or near the City.	
Jun 29 2008	Pleasant staff and clean modern hotel	Used my reward points for this stay. Hotel is in a reasonably good location near Blackfriars tube station. It's probably a 15 minute walk to the London Eye. We got taxis most times and that cost about £10 to Leicester Square, the Strand etc. We arrived early and our room wasn't ready, infact it wasn't ready for 3pm either. I am Gold with IC Hotels so was bit disappointed by this but we went out for a few drinks then returned to find the Hotel had upgraded me to the Exec Floor- I thought this was really nice and found the staff in this hotel, both in the bar and front desk to be very friendly and helpful. Lovely bathroom but the toiletries were a bit sparce; a tiny bottle of shower gel and shampoo for 2 people- I'm talking 30-45ml here. Bed really comfortable and room was immaculate! Well stocked tea/coffee facilities and minibar. I stayed here one night so didn't get to try out the the Room Service. Shame really as I like to sample food in most hotels I go to. Good bar/restaurant too, but found it rather odd that the bar doesn't open until 4pm!? Nice views from the Executive/Club floor too. Again, well done to the staff at this hotel who did go out their way to make a guest's stay more pleasant. I'd recommend this hotel to friends and family. Enjoy your stay!	
Jun 24 2008 	Another lovely stay.....	I have recently returned from a stay at the Crowne Plaza Hotel London City. At check-in I was warmly greeted and upgraded to a Club Studio Suite which was a great touch as I am a platinum elite and Intercontinental Ambassador member of priority club.The room was excellent and had a sofa, table and chairs, king bed, DVD player, IPOD docking station and marble bathroom complete with Molton Brown amenities. I also had a lovely letter from Guest Relations welcoming me back to the hotel. Turndown service was also provided.I also had access to the Plaza club lounge on level 6. Refreshments and snacks are available throughout the day. From 18:00 a self service cocktail bar, wine and beer are available together with a selection of evening canapés, and are served until 22:00. My rate included breakfast which was served in the hotels Spicer’s Restaurant. The breakfast was excellent including cold and warm choice. Breakfast was served from 07:00 until 11:00am during my trip.Overall I had a fantastic stay at the Crowne Plaza London - The City, and many thanks for the upgraded room. I look forward to returning!	
Jun 11 2008 	Enjoyable stay at Crowne Plaza	Just wiritng to say what an excellent time we had in London!!!The hotel was really central so we walked everywhere which was enjoyable as the weather was very kind to us.I loved the hotel - the cleanliness of the rooms - I also liked the use of the cards to activate the lights as it saves power which all goes to help the green issue. I also liked the breakfast atmosphere - not rushed just relaxed and a nice start to the day.The staff were all very helpful - very friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and relations.  Carol CloseBurstwickHU12 9HS	
Jun 10 2008 	a breath of fresh air in the financial centre	Have stayed at the Crowne Plaza London City now four times, and have always had a good experience. I come to London a A LOT, and I have often been able to find a good deal at this hotel. It's located in The City, so if you are planning tons of things to do very close to you, or having an abundance of places to eat at all hours, it may not be the place for you. But having said that, it's an easy 15 minute walk to loads of restaurants, etc, and there's public transport right outside the hotel, although during one stay the tube station was shut the entire time, but that's not the fault of the hotel. The hotel itself is very modern, and tastefully done. Was able to stay in a deluxe room or a club room the first three times here, and it was worth the little extra. The room was large, clean, and had a wonderful bathroom. The last time I stayed, we were only able to get a standard room, which was nice but nowhere near as big as the others. Have only eaten room service here, but the food was good, and if you are a member and are able to get access to the Club Lounge, they always have free drinks and nibbles available in the evenings.	
May 8 2008 	Good Location Near The Tube	We recently spent 2 days in London and wanted a decent hotel close to the trains and Tube (aka London's subway). This one is across the street from the Blackfriars Station. Being this was a Crowne Plaza, the hotel was very clean with updated contemporary deco. We arrived early and of course our room wasn't ready. They tried to upgrade us to a suite (for more $$ of course), but we declined. We were able to store our luggage in a room behind the reception area. I suggest, as we did, that you lock your luggage w/locks. We didn't have any problems, but just in case...We had a standard double room. The pictures for this room on the Crowne Plaza website are pretty accurate. The only thing I didn't like was that the elevator and lights in the room required you to enter your key card. The bed was comfy and plenty of pillows. Blankets were in the closet and adj. thermostat on the wall. Note that the hairdryer was in a drawer in the closet. There was a dryer attached to the wall, I think it was meant to dry a man's beard. There was a weight sensor bar in the room, under the TV. Very expensive for items, even before the British Pound to US conversion. They have internet access through the room TV. However, I recommend going to their center. The TV keyboard was not very user friendly. If I recall, I think either option cost 10 lbs.We ate at the restaurant 1 level up from the main lobby for breakfast. It was ok by our standards. It had more local food on the buffet, things that we didn't like too much. Looking back it was a chance to try some of their food.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great central spot	We reserved a king room on the extremely quiet executive floor after crossing the Atlantic on the Queen Mary 2. Our room was large and comfortable although I did feel the bed was a bit too hard. As always, the best thing about staying on the executive floor of a Crowne Plaza is the free internet, wonderful breakfast and generous early evening wine and canape spread, which is a treat if you are planning to go to the theatre before having dinner. Hotel staff can't do enough to help with your travel planning and transportation. It was a big anniversary during our stay and my elderly mother called from Canada wanting to send us a bottle of wine. Although the hotel does not have its own restaurant a staff member went shopping especially and went to great pains to let my mother know it was taken care of. The hotel is located in Blackfriars: close to St.Paul's Cathedral, a couple of blocks from Fleet Street with its historic pubs and a quick walk across the bridge to the South Bank with the New Tate, London Eye and New Globe. While there is not much going on at night in the immediate neighbourhood, there is a historic pub across the street and the tube is only a block away. If you go the South Bank, don't miss Borough Market: wandering around is a nice change of pace from visiting historic London and the galleries. While London pub food is pretty much the same everywhere you go, and seems to be, for the most part, brought in and microwaved, it's worth trying gastropubs-- which offer ultra-modern takes on traditional British grub. One we highly recommend is the Anchor and Hope in Waterloo.	
Apr 28 2008 	Excellent Hotel - excellent service - excellent all round!	We stayed here for two nights and have to say - from the very quick check in to the fabulous concierge service and the superb Club Lounge facilities (for those who have paid a little more!!) everything was faultless.We booked a Club Room on the Club Floor/Executive floor and found it very comfortable. Room service was also very quick and well received after a few vinos round the City!!Overall I would highly recommend the Hotel for business users and couples alike.	
Apr 22 2008 	Loved this hotel	Stayed at the Crown Plaza The City during 4 days city trip.When looking for a high class hotel that is reasonably priced during the weekend, (travel agent deal, 3 days for 2) and not too far from the center I was happily surprised with this hotel. Beautiful room, well equiped, brand clean and nice bathroom with ... at last, normal water pressure in the shower !Nice personal at check in. Took about 5 minutes to check us in.Bed (kingsize) was extremely soft, liked that very much, coffee and tea facilties in the room, good (large) TV.In the morning the breakfast was very good, typical English breakfast with eggs, bacon, sausages, beans, toast, marmelade...liked that to !Not used to use the tube (metro) I learn'd it in 5 minutes !After then, we had several rides with the tube to every place we had planned to visit, perfect system !!! London itself, all this, and...not to forget, only 30 meters from tube station Blackfriars made our London citytrip unforgettable !Already booked a new stay early September this year, hope I will encounter the same service.Only one minor : highly priced hotel restaurants.	
Apr 20 2008 	great rate through hotwire but held for extortion at check out	Booked seven nights through Hotwire at good discount from the rack rate. Received an interior room on the second floor with two double beds. Comfortable bed and linens, good sized bathroom and ample closet and drawer space. Well located near tube station and good fitness facilities. The not so good: some of the staff had limited English language skills.The booking was for four people as per the booking details confirmed. Checked in with three people and was given a room with two double beds as would be expected for a booking that could accommodate the number of confirmed guests. As it turned out the holiday plans of the fourth person changed and there was only the three of us staying in the room.  On review of the room folio on check out I was advised by the duty manager that there would be a charge of 35.25 pounds per night for the third person in the room as the hotel was only paid by Hotwire for two people in the room. Even though I presented my written confirmation from Hotwire.com with four guests and a verbal confirmation from Hotwire.com that the booking was for four guests the duty manager was unbending in his resolve to collect the additional person surcharge. He went on to advise that it was my problem not the hotel's and I would have to follow up with Hotwire. If I had booked through any other opaque booking site ie. Priceline.com I would fully understand the the room was for two people but Hotwire is unique in that up to four people can be confirmed ( the rates and availibility vary with the number of persons booked). Hotwire has advised that I am to submit the invoice for the additional person surcharge and they will reimburse me. While this is not ideal I am somewhat satisfied that my booking is in part honoured although no effort was made by the hotel itself to resolve the issue.	
Apr 17 2008 	marathon experience	Booked on the London marathon package, but in the meantime I had to drop out of the race due to injury, but went ahead with the weekend anyway. As part of the package was a bus to the race start, I told the desk clerk the reason i wouldn't require this. When we came back to the room later, there was an envelope under the door which worried me. However, inside was a lovely card with a message about being sorry i couldn't do the marathon, but hoped I had a great weekend anyway, which I found very touching, and something that the hotel didn't have to do. Overall, after staying here twice, I found this to be probably the best hotel I've stayed at in London (I stay up to 14 nights a year in London on business)-staff are excellent, rooms good to excellent depending on which you get, and overall service excellent.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great hotel	Stayed here for a weekend in April - in a Club studio roomReally great facilities and a huge room with sofa and comfy chairSmallish bathroom with a mediocre shower Warm and friendly staff in reception/ breakfast and the Club loungeHad dinner in the Italian restaurant - SUPERB - an undiscovered gem - Proper coffee maker in the room and chocolates too Really really liked it here ( second stay this year)	
Apr 7 2008	Happy stay	The hotel is very well located next to the Metro station and in the oldest part of London, Temple area - Fleet street with charmy streets and a lot of typical pubs.The stylish and modern decoration makes the hotel warm and welcoming event the lobby is huge. A very nice idea with the chemine in the lobby, not very usual for a hotel.Breakfast needs improvement. The rooms are large and quiet, the beds comfortable.A special remark regarding the staff: extremely friendly, smilling and helpful (frond desk, bell boys and restaurant staff, all), they make you feel well and welcome. We have enjoyed our stay a lot and we would like to come back.	
Apr 3 2008 	Highly recommend	Our family thoroughly enjoyed our weekend stay at this hotel. Excellent position next to Blackfriars bridge and tube station and walking distance of the South Bank, Waterloo (if travelling light), St. Pauls, The City and Covent Garden. Very friendly staff who went out of their way to help. Restaurant and brasserie not cheap but food of a very high standard. Lovely clean comfortable room and very quiet at the weekend considering its central location. Overall would definitely return to this hotel.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great Place to Stay	Great location and superb value.Restaurant was great value - Locatelli oversees.Walk across Blackfriars and turn left for Tate modern and southwark market. Right takes you to the NT, Millenium wheel and a short walk to westminster.The tube is just outside, as is the bus stop.a short walk to St Paul's and the City.Quiet and lovely room.Cannot fault this place	
Mar 25 2008 	Terrific Value 	OUTSTANDING VALUE for the price we paid! Brilliant location, just outside exit#8 from the Blackfriars tube station and a short walk from the Temple tube stop .. ..Considering the gorgeous room we received and the terrifc rate we got on PRICELINE (50GBP per night), I can't remember a more perfect stay in the city, and I am in London a lot!Check-in was wonderful and MARTA even called up to the room to make sure all was well (after changing rooms) and that she was able to search/find our membership #!And, when our hotpot didn't work, the housekeeping staff was at our room in minutes to fix it .. .. WOW!FUN HINT &gt; For those who are fans of 'THE DA VINCI CODE' and other religious occult, there is a Wednesday Walk (afternoon) from the front of the TEMPLE TUBE STATION that takes you to Temple Church and other nearby locations of interest - NEAT!	
Feb 19 2008 	very convenient location	We stayed here right after Christmas for three days, and it was a very comfortable hotel with a great location right off the Blackfriars stop on the Tube, so it was convenient to everything. As it was probably a low time for business travelers, it wasn't very busy. We were somewhat disappointed by the very pleasant but seemingly inexperienced concierge staff (we were looking for a pub to watch the soccer matches, but they wouldn't really help us find one which would be open). The manager (Lisa?) was very helpful with everything we needed from her, and very responsive to any concerns we had. (There had been some discrepancies as to the amenities on the website promotion compared to their actual policies, such as internet access, etc.) All in all it was a great holiday and I would recommend this hotel and definitely stay here again when in London.	
Feb 11 2008 	Excellent Location - Great Staff - Great Price!	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza London City on Saturday 09.02.08. I paid about £103.00 (including tax), for a double room through the Hotel website (which was in fact the cheapest on the net).We were a little concerned that we wouldn't be able to check in ready for a lunch reservation as we were there at 10.30am. (Official check-in was 14:00. We were very wrong. Our bags were taken immediately and the very friendly reception staff made the check-in very quick &amp; easy. The Deluxe room (as shown on our room receipt), was spacious (by London standards, aprox 30sqm) and very clean. The bed was large and very comfortable. TV had free Sky with plenty to watch if you didn't intend venturing out. Provided were WHITE CO. bathroom products, really good shower, bath robes, iron and board, trouser press, internet, CD player and mini-bar.The only gripe I have with the room was that there was only 1 plug socket provided in the whole room which was not enough for the both of us.The lobby is big and well presented, with comfortable sofa's and a large fire. I was however dissapointed that we were not able to use the great looking hotel bar, as it had been reserved for a private function. I felt this was very inconsiderate to all the other hotel guests. I cannot comment on the restaurant as we didn't eat at the hotel.The location is fantastic. A stones throw from St Pauls Cathedral, 20mins walk to tower bridge and The Tower of London. In the other direction, The London Eye is aprox 20mins walk along the Thames and The Millenium Bridge and Tate Modern are 5mins walk. Blackfriers tube is right outside the hotel and 2 stops will take you to Covent Garden and the West End. Great for business too as right on the edge of The City.Overall a very good hotel in an extremely good location. Can't be beaten really given the excellent price.Will be staying here on my next visit to London.	
Feb 10 2008	good service	Really liked it. Friendly staff. Good standard rooms. Very good breakfast and also the bar is very comfy.Had a good deal (3 nights paying 2 including breakfast)The size of the room is a bit more than average but has all the things you need. The bed (king) could be better, too soft and too small for me, only one matrass. Next time i take queen beds !Nice concierge. We come back !	
Feb 5 2008 	Fantastic Location	This is a really nice hotel next to he blackfriars tube station and a minuets walk from the Thames and St Pauls. Staff were really friendly and helpfull. Room was big which is a suprise for london.	
Jan 20 2008 	Would have been great even without the free upgrade!	We stayed here with friends on a theatre break and we got off to a good start when one of the two rooms was upgraded to a 'club room'. The very friendly receptionist, after seeing us toss a coin to see who would benefit from the upgrade, had a look on the system and upgraded the second room as well. Rooms were clean, well furnished and a good size. Position of the hotel excellent, about 100 yards from Blackfriars underground station just off the embankment. We were able to walk to Westminster in about 35 minutes, the West End would be around 20 mins away. Full English breakfast included in the deal was the best I've had in a London Hotel. Will definately use again.	
Jan 20 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for a long weekend.The staff on all levels from reception to house keeping were very polite and helpful.The room was spacious and breakfast was good. It is situated just a few steps away from Blackfriars tube station so it was easy to get about. The hotel restaurant Referrito is wonderful well worth a visit. If you want cheap good pub food in large portions try the Blackfriars pub accross the road . We have stayed in many hotels in London before and this for us was the best.We shall definitely be returning.	
Jan 12 2008 	Great spot to stay	My husband and I have just returned from a very enjoyable stay at the Crowne Plaza. The hotel was very clean, the rooms modern, with everything you needed, and the staff were very helpful and friendly. We booked through Airmiles and managed to get a good deal. The restaurant is quite pricey, but we found ample of places to eat nearby. Particulary worth a mention are O'Neills, just up the road in New Bridge Street, very nice staff and atmosphere, with lovely reasonably priced food. Also, the Founders Arms, right next to the Tate Modern, on the riverside, we had a lovely roast dinner on the Sunday and it is only a short walk away over Blackfriars Bridge. We found the hotel very conveniently placed for what we needed - with St Pauls, The Millennium Bridge and Tate Modern very close and we booked to see Dirty Dancing at the Aldwych theatre, which was only 15 mins walk away. The Thames clipper is a great way to get around, particularly if you want to visit the O2 venue.If you're travelling to London by train it might be worth checking out any special offers that they might have, as we managed to get several '2 for 1' deals on entry to attractions etc.Would definately recommend and visit again.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Value	I stayed here for a total of four nights over two weekends at the end of November. I got a ridiculously low price of $103 a night on hotwire (I paid about $400 for the whole stay and could find nothing less than $1,300 for the same nights on the hotel website). For that kind of money it is hard to say anything bad for a hotel in London, where total dumps can cost that much. For the first stay I arrived about 1:00 and was told my room was not ready, but if I wanted to upgrade for 40 GBP I could get a room right away. I declined and was told the room be ready in an hour. I left my luggage and went across the street to pub for a pint. When I returned the room was ready. It was a very nice room, positively gigantic by London standards. It was nicely appointed, modern and very clean. I could not have been happier. For the second stay the room was ready when I arrived at 3:30 and I was not offered any upgrades.The hotel is located next to the Blackfriars tube stop (exit #8). It is a bit more out of the way than I would normally prefer. Still, I was only a 20-25 walk to Charring Cross Rd (about 10 min by tube) along the picturesque Victoria Embankment. It was very easy to get to wherever I wanted to go. All in all, a great hotel for the price I got.	
Nov 23 2007 	Highly Recommended	My husband and I travelled to London this month and stayed at the Crown Plaza The City.Since the very beginning the staff was very friendly and helpful, We arrived via Express Train to the Black Friars Station and the hotel was located right there we only had to cross the street.We arrived about 10:00am and eventough the check in time was at 2:00 they let us check in immediatly ...no hassles at allPaulo from the front desk was really friendly and helpful, he directed us to the concierge of the hotel with provided us with maps and recommended losts of nice places and tours. The room was very modern but comfortable and very clean. It was a little small but hey,, thats EuropeIts not very close to the touristic area though ( trafalgar square and Buckingham were about 20 minutes in subway) but St Paul cathedrals and the Tate were a wt walking distanceHighly recommended	
Oct 13 2007 	Crowne Plaze cannot be beat for price	I am giving this hotel the highest rating possible primarily due to the incredible rate we received via hotwire. We were in London for two weeks and spent all of our time at this hotel. The rate we received was $116 per night US with tax and service fees of approx another $14 US for a total of $130 US per night. The hotel is not in the center of town, but you are only 10 minutes away from the heart of the West End, Big Ben, etc. via tube or bus. Also as noted, it is very convenient to the National Theatre, Tate, Globe, St. Paul's, etc. We went to church at St Brides which has a paid choir, just up the street. We thought the service was better than other services we attended at St. Pauls and Westminister this trip. Highly recommended for Anglican church goers. Back the the hotel, the room was clean and modern, which would suit the mainly business class that primarily stays here. We asked for something facing the street, which we were given, and we were given a slightly larger room. I guess because of the lengh of our stay. Staff was very helpful, many of them being from eastern europe, Hugh modern lobby with art and gas fireplace. Do not expect to have breakfast at the hotel. it will cost you approx. $40 US per person. I aspect that you get such a deep discount on the room because they hope you will use the restaurants, use the phone, or mini bar, all of which are extremely expensive. There are many small cafes, a starbucks across the street. that will provide a more reasonable morning meal.Get Oyster Card for travel around the City. If you come into Gatwick, take the train, no tube at this airport, to Blackfairs stop. Finally do not have tea at the Savoy, unless you are loaded, $176 US for two. We have been to London more times than I can count and this was by far the BEST HOTEL VALUE for the money we have ever gotten, but you need to get close to what we got. Their usual discount is around $200 - $ 230 US and this really is a discount when you are looking at a rack rate of $300 US plus.	
Sep 24 2007 	Good location for South Bank	I stayed at Crowne Plaza for a long girlie weekend. We found a very good offer at hotelconnections.co.uk. Our main target was the Tate Modern and all the new, interesting sights on the South Bank – and of course shopping! The location for this was perfect, just steps away and so was the tube. The room was large and the beds were huge, we had a nice quiet room facing a back street. Breakfast was included in the room, and there was a large selection, both cold and warm. The staff was helpful and plesant.The only downside is, as the hotel is located in the financial district, there aren’t many restaurants in the area. But if you get a good deal it’s definitely worth staying here.	
Sep 20 2007	Fine overall but nothing special	Stayed here for i night in September 07. First room smelly and damp. Asked for a change and got a much better room. Facilities good. Trendy bar. Good breakfast. Also location is nice , near St Pauls , Blackfriarsand Fleet Street. Reception staff helpfull , but seemed inexperienced and not too strong on their English	
Sep 12 2007 	surpassed my expectations	I read most of the reviews on this website before making my reservation. I had high expectations and was not disappointed. Stayed at the hotel during a long weekend from 25 to 27 August 2007. Used priorityclub points. We arrived early, at about 9h30 after a 11 hour flight from South Africa. Not only were we allowed to check in early, we were also upgraded to the club floor. Staff were extremely friendly and efficient. The room was very spacious for London standard , stylishly furnished and the bed was big and comfortable. Unlike some of the other guest reviews, I found the location to be excellent. A short stroll across the Blackfriars bridge takes you to the Tate Modern and several river side restaurants and pubs. The underground station is just across the road and within minutes you can be at Trafalgar Square, Westminster, London eye, Londen tower, ect.	
Sep 6 2007 	Clean and Comfortable. Recommended.	We stayed for two nights in early September and were very happy with pretty much eveything. Our standard room was modern, clean and very quiet seeing as it faced the road outside. The bed was really confortable and the bathroom, while not huge was big enough. Compared to other hotels in the same price bracket, we were also pleasantly surpised by the breakfast: good choice of food and not wall-to-wall grease!While the hotel is close to the financial district, it's got a tube staton across the street and is only 5 minutes walk to the South Bank and all its attractions such as Tate Modern, National Theatre and London Eye. Recommended.	
Sep 3 2007 	great london hotel	Stayed here for long weekend , booked on hotwire at brilliant dollar rate of about 68 english pounds per night and was very pleasantly surprised. Hotel is stylish, modern, very clean and staff very helpful. Good 4 star standard. Rooms are standard size but very nicely furnished , clean with good facilities and bathroom. We asked for quiet room and got it facing inner courtyard and heard no noise at all from busy road outside. Very handy for tube right outside door, and easy walk to St Pauls Cathedral , over Millennium Bridge and onto Tate Modern etc.Was quite expensive to get taxis to theatre area , Regent street and Knightsbridge shops so bear this in mind, but we walked or got tube in day and took taxis back at night to hotel. Also Loads of places nearby towards St Pauls to eat breakfast in the morning.Would definitely recommend staying here especially on that Hotwire rate!!	
Aug 30 2007 	Crown Plaza - large rooms and poor service	This property is an small business hotel, with excellent proximity to the financial district. We stayed in a room with 2 queen sized beds and the linen was wonderful! The room was large and comfortable - modern design. We loved the trouser presser in the closet.Unfortunately, right across the narrow street, there was a full blown construction site. So rooms on that side of the building have noise and views of the construction all day long. There was no notification of this prior to arrival. We found out that the rooms in the center of the building do not have outside windows. They have a window that looks into the core hallway in the center of the building. We were uncomfortable that someone in a hallway above or below could look into our room, unless we kept the curtains drawn all the time. The wall safe did not work, but they did replace unit after an hour. Unfortunately, the desk clerk was quite rude when we wanted a room change. Finally, we sought out the manager and she arranged for a room change the following day. No mention of this type of design anywhere on the website.Breakfast was standard english breakfast buffet, staff was efficient and unobtrusive. Room service was good and on time. Actually the bell service in this hotel was excellent, friendly, helpful and credit to the property. Our desk clerk could take some lessons from the bell staff.	
Aug 29 2007	Excellent room location and service - Even for lowly hotwire guests	We stayed for a week at the Crowne Plaza in August. Got an amazing deal on Hotwire so the place was dirt cheap.Service: All of the service was superb. We used the concierge quite extensively for bookings and information and they provided us with great service. They made several restaurant recs and had no problem recommending places off the beaten path if we asked. Every time I entered the hotel, I got a hello Mr. X from the staff. The cleaning staff was wonderful as well. Our room was tip top shape always.Room: Room was large, especially by London standards. We had a standard room on the first floor. No outside noise could be heard in the room. Room had a gorgeous marble bathroom. While a little small it was very stylish with the marble and had a nice shower with good water pressure. Room also had a safe, hair dryer, etc. - all the things you expect in a luxury hotel. Bed was comfortable. Nice bonus: Free bottles of water in the roomLocation: I believe it is a great location for a tourist. I always stay in the city. 15 minutes your in Covent Garden, the Tate, Southwark (markets), St Pauls. 10 min in the tube and your at the Tower of London. 15 min tube your at the British Library, British Museum, etc. And there are buses from Picadilly back to the hotel.Negatives: Internet is pricey. Carry your laptop to the lobby and connect to the City of London Wireless for a 10th of the price.	
Aug 20 2007 	OK- Not the best Crowne Plaza I have stayed in	I am a reasonably regular traveller and have stayed in Marriotts or holiday inn / crowne plaza where possible. I booked this for a trip to celebrate my wifes 30th birthday as I felt that the Crowne Plaza would be a pleasant experience for a weeked.Generally there were no major issues with the hotel. Check in was fast, efficient and friendly and they remained so thorughout the stay. Small gripe about the room, 305 was that hte carpet was lifted in ridges in spots in the room and generally looked worn giving a poor appearance to the room. Bed was excellent and comfortable. Room was quiet which is something htat I always look for.On the negative side food and drink is priced at company expenses level. I bought a Bombay Sapphire with Tonic and a pint of Guinness on the first night for £12. Poor show as they got no more business from me for the remaining two days. But then they are not aiming the prices at leisure guests.Hotel is a little out of hte way for leisure but London is well serviced by the tube so it really makes little difference.	
Aug 14 2007 	Alright for a short stay	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza City Hotel for two nights in early August. Overall the hotel is a decent three star facility conveniently located next to the Blackfriars tube stop on the District line. We took the recommendation from another tripadvisor reviewer and took the Piccadilly line from London Heathrow and changed at South Kensington to the District line. The overall travel time was a little over an hour including the purchase of the oyster cards. On reaching the Blackfriars tube station come out exit 8 which will put you right in front of the hotel.Our room was on the 5th floor and had two double beds. The room was a decent size and considerably clean. The toilet was another story, although it looked very clean on first glance but when we checked the toilet bowl it had remnants of poop stuck to the wall, it had obviously not been cleaned after checkout. Look at the attached picture. There was a lady from housekeeping on our floor that very time working in another room so I grabbed her quickly. She apologized a lot and cleaned it right away. After seeing this I didn’t have a warm feeling about the other things even though they looked clean. When you pay $400/night your minimum expectation is that it should be at least clean.The first day we called housekeeping to get an extra pillow and it was brought in 5 minutes. The second day after the room was cleaned the pillow was still there but without a cover, so called again, this time to get a cover. It was brought in 5 minutes.We never ate breakfast at the hotel, plenty of choices around like Costa Coffee, Pret A Manger and others for getting breakfast and lunch sandwiches. There was also a restaurant nearby serving English breakfast for £6.50. London is expensive so be prepared to pay big money for everything if traveling from US.At night the area gets very quite as it’s in a business location but we liked it this way. There are no restaurants nearby for dinner or at least we could not find any.Overall it was a pleasant two days and if I overlook the toilet situation then I might stay here again.	
Jul 26 2007 	Super hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two nights for a weekend break in June. I am pleased to report that at last I have found a Five Star hotel that actually felt like a Five Star hotel, even in a standard room! Check in was fairly prompt and efficient. The porter who took us to our room was really first class and remained so throughout our stay. We could not really find fault with the room at all, it was spacious and very well fitted out in all respects. There was a very minor glitch with a bathroom accessory, but this was sorted out promptly. For breakfast, an additional self service point was created at the far end of the restaurant, the heating arrangements meant that the food could have been hotter; however, the food was of good quality and quantity. There was some confusion amongst the staff as to whether coffee/tea pots would be left on the table or whether they would provide top ups, fortunately the former was the case which was good as the service was not that quick. We completed a Customer Feedback Form highlighting the minor shortcomings we found and got a virtually instant e-mail response back which was very good. We didn’t use the bar or restaurant in the evening (as you would expect from such a hotel, the prices were pretty high). The hotel is well located near Charing Cross mail line and tube stations and only 5 minutes walk from the river. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Crowne Plaza and would definitely come again.	
Jul 25 2007 	Good 5 stars hotel in center	Very good location few meters from Tamiza River, St. Paul Cathedral and Paternoster Square (London Stock Excange).Nice rooms - I stayed on Club Level, so all needed amenities in my room were available. Very comfortable and big bed (single room). Also DVD player, hi fi system and of course internet in the room.	
Jul 15 2007 	Nice hotel with great location	I am a Priority Club Gold member and my wife and I decided to stay here for 2 nights on points (July 4 - 6). Needless to say, it was well worth it. We reserved a king size bed and it was nice and cozy. Upon check-in and each morning, a complimentary bottle of mineral and carbonated water is left in the room - we thought that was a nice touch.I've been told that hotel rooms in London are typically on the smaller side, but this room was spacious enough for us. The concierge will typically recommend the breakfast in the hotel, but we opted out as the prices were astronomical. There are a couple of restaurants just down the street from the hotel that serve a hearty breakfast and are very much more reasonably priced (as you would expect eating breakfast at a restaurant in the US). I would recommend &quot;The Ludgate Cafe&quot; - nice portions and very decent priced. When exiting the hotel from the 2nd floor entrance, turn left and walk a couple of blocks. It will be on your left hand side. I ordered the &quot;Full English breakfast&quot; and it kept me full until well after lunch time.My only negative experience with the hotel (if anything) was that we never received our wake-up call, but luckily we had set it on my wife's cell phone just in case. I don't think this is the norm so i would chalk it up to being a fluke occurrence. One thing we noticed too was that there was only one available and accessible outlet to plug your electronic items into. This didn't really affect us, but we did find it a bit odd.The location of this hotel is fantastic! The hotel is literally like a few feet from the &quot;Blackfriars&quot; tube station. A hint - when exiting the &quot;Blackfriars&quot; tube stop, follow signs for Exit # 8. Exit 8 is on the same side as of the hotel and only about 50 feet away; otherwise if you follow any other exit, you will need to cross a pretty busy street to get to the hotel. All the major sites are practically 2-4 tube stations away. It was very convenient! I would highly recommend purchasing the day passes (even cheaper if you begin your day after 9:30am - considered an &quot;Off peak&quot; day pass). The day pass costs something to the like of 5-6 pounds. The tube is the best form of public transportation I've ever experienced - better than NYC.The staff is also very friendly and seemed to be fluent in several languages, and the room was very quiet. Even though it faced what seemed to be a major street, we heard nothing! And for those that crave that cup of coffee, there's a Costa Coffee shop nearly just beside the hotel and a Starbucks accross the street.	
Jul 12 2007 	More for business but good for tourists	Four of us, two adults and two teenage children stayed in a room with two double beds. The room was clean. The beds were not as comfortable as we had hoped. I should note we are used to a queen size bed. These were double beds.The staff was friendly and courteous. However, one gave us an incorrect bus number that led us to a part of London most tourists do not see. Once we picked up our London Passes, along with our transportation tickets, we had no trouble getting around. There is an underground station in close proximity to the hotel. St. Paul's Cathedral is within walking distance.The fellow who brought our bags to the room showed us things in a small refrigerator and explained we would be billed for them as soon as we removed them. This did not surprise us. He did not mention a charge for items out in the open. We were surprised when were billed for items we thought were complimentary. The small bag of potato chips below the TV was 2.50 in Pounds Sterling. That's $5.00 US. Don't eat or drink anything unless you are prepared to pay premium prices.Overall, we enjoyed our stay, though the hotel seemed more for business travelers than tourists.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great Hotel Good Location	Nice hotel with clean spacious rooms that I was able to book on Hotwire for a very good price (especially for London). Location was good for getting places during the day with a Metro station across the street. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly in situating us in our rooms for an early check-in. The one potential negative for some travellers is that the hotel is located in the business district of London which on the evenings (and weekends) is pretty much deserted.	
May 11 2007 	Friendly Staff at Great Rate	Based upon user reviews, we booked this hotel using BA Holidays at 197 USD per night for 2 nights. We were very pleased with the hotel and breakfast buffet. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Although the Business Center was closed for the weekend, the concierge printed our boarding passes for us. It was a superior deal for the rate &amp; would definitely stay again.	
Apr 29 2007 	too expensive	i stayed at a corporate rate of 230 GBP- by no means a bargain in my book. I chose this location because i had a meeting next door the next day. the hotel is conveniently close to the tube but not in a great location for sightseeing. I used the little gym- which was OK. However, i find it really penny-pinching that one has to pay 15 GBP for in room internet usage- at this price this should be included. Otherwise it was a very anonymous,but efficient experience. would not stay here for pleasure.	
Apr 16 2007	Service with a personal touch	Service, service, service. Just spent the weekend at this marvelous hotel and it was great. I informed the staff by email that my wife was having her birthday and they got her a card signed by all the staff. We also got a free upgrade. The room was nice and spacious enough to have a sofa, desk and double bed in it. Bathroom was great as well and had a heated mirror.The location was also great right next to Saint Paul's and the Tate Modern bridge with good links to the underground. The only things I would have them improve on was the cooked breakfast (tomatoes &amp; mushrooms) tasted a bit funny and the potatoes were undercooked. The rest was delicious though. The view from the bedroom was also dissapointing as we looked over a massive air vent (still the upgrade outweighed this). Overall I would highly recommend this hotel simply for the amazing staff. Paid 50 pounds for the night with breakfast included.	
Apr 15 2007 	Fine apart from getting locked in the bathroom	Stayed for 2 nights with kids. Generally fine, and weekend price is reasonable. But there were faults with the room. Within minutes of arriving I was locked in the bathroom due to a broken latch, and although a nice engineer appeared within minutes of my husband calling reception it took him (and his crowbar) a while to get me out. A lamp in the bedroom was also not working, so I'm not sure how well things are checked/maintained.I'd have let them off the bathroom-lock incident if they'd apologised a bit more! But apart from the nice engineer chap I didn't get any apology. I tried emailing the hotel after we got back, but no reply. Maybe its just communications problems, but for an expensive hotel I would expect a bit more.Didn't try the breakfast as it wasnt included in rate, and places to eat for 1/4 the price nearby. The Italian restaurant was nice, though didn't include many kiddy-friendly dishes. Good location, and suitable rooms for families so probably still worth considering.	
Apr 15 2007 	Fantastic- five star service	This rates as one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in- the staff were extremely attentive and the rooms had so many fantastic little details that other hotels skip upon. The Breakfasts were fantastic, with a fantastic range of choice and no-one ever had to wait on the buffet being restocked. The location was superb offering a fantastic walk along the Thames to all central amenities such as the London Eye and Westminster and in the other direction St Pauls Cathedral, The Globe and The Tate Modern. The rooms were superb- extremely clean (and I am extremely fussy)- there was so much attention to the decor- sculptures in room, fantastic luxury toiletaries, complimentary tea/coffee tray with little extras, fantastic television and comfort, well sound proofed from both noises outside and inside. The bar was extremely modern and ideal for a queit drink. The lobby and lobby staff were exceptional. I tend to like to visit different hotels each time I go to same place- but this will be my primary choice when in London from now on.	
Apr 10 2007 	Theatre Break Weekend	The first piece of advise we would give anybody would be to research your HOTEL on trip adviser, we did and the Crowne Plaza was everything that we had expected.The Hotel has a quiet but very good location, conveniently placed opposite the Blackfriars underground station.The Thames is but a short walk from the hotel and has a lovely walk along the embankment.The hotel itself was immaculately clean, staff very friendly and helpful. You will not be disappointed at this hotel.Must see: Billy Elliot (Musical) at the Victoria Palace....brill.	
Apr 10 2007 	great location	Stayed in this hotel with my family including 2 children. The hotel website would not let me book a family room so i had to telephone their booking centre. They were very helpful and rang the hotel to confirm. We had a king studio room which had a king size bed, sofa bed, nice chairs and very modern. Nice bathroom all marble and molton brown toiletries. These did not get replaced during our 2 night stay. I thought this was a bit on the tight side and when i asked if i could have another shower gel for my family of 4 as one does not last 2 nights, they gave me a cheap alternative. I thought for the price of the room they would not be so mean over a bottle shower gel that was included in the price of the room. If a customer is used to luxury products they do not want to be fobbed off with a nasty alternative.It did cost £231 per night though. This is a bit pricey. However, we had access to the Club lounge and included free drinks and canapes. No free internet though as in the club lounge they had old computer and charged £5 per hour of internet. A bit cheeky considering that they charge so much for the rooms.We had breakfast at the hotel as again this was included in our rate. Normally it is a continental buffet breakfast in the club lounge. However, it was a weekend so served in the normal restaurant and included a hot buffet. It was not the quality i would personally expect of a hotel of this quality. We were shown to the table but not offered tea and coffee as a normal first. We had to wave the waiter over for this. I thought this was bad as other hotel restaurants offer this first. The food was in troughs and obviously mass prepared. No how do you want your eggs cooked here. There is a starbucks across the road but this closes of a weekend as did lots of the other food shops nearby. It was deserted. I would of course say this is a plus if you want a quiet relaxing break.The location of this hotel is good - walking distance to the river, tate modern, st pauls cathedral. If you get the tube use exit 8 at blackfriars and the hotel is a stones throw away. If you want somewhere nice to eat walk over blackfriars bridge and turn left and there are some lovely bars and restaurants. There is also a pizza express and cafe rouge and simply m&amp;s at st pauls and a few other eating places.The hotel reception was very plush, the staff very helpful and quick to maintain an excellent customer service. We discovered that we had no bedding in the room for the childrens sofa bed. We rang reception it was 10pm and they were very apologetic, returned our call to find out exactly what we needed and within 5 mins we had the bedding. Very good i thought.	
Apr 9 2007 	A Very Good Stay	Stayed here for 2 nights over the Easter Weekend. Booked a King Studio and was upgraded to a One Bedroom Suite. The room was relatively small for a suite and did not have a separate shower but we were very pleased overall.The room has a dvd player, a cd player and an i-pod player. The room was extremely clean and housekeeping offered a turndown service both nightsThe hotel itself was farily quiet as it is mainly a business hotel and this being Easter, the City of London was deserted. However, the tube station is right outside and the west end is 10 mins away.I would definitely return at the right price.	
Mar 21 2007 	Beat My expectations - Loved this Hotel	Stayed here with my wife and 2 small kids (5 &amp; 3). Was very nervous at first, because it had mixed reviews, but overall, had a great time!We stayed for only one night, but the room was spacious and very clean. It was very convenient to the Underground (literally right outside the door), which made sightseeing simple. The staff was very friendly and helpful, concierge helped me several times with taxi service, and other miscellaneous items. My family and I would definately stay here again.	
Mar 8 2007 	Excellent Experience	Stayed here on 1 March using points. Welcomed back from friendly receptionist. Hotel had allocated a double room on the club floor, requested a twin and was upgraded to a junior suite, including breakfast and entry to club (complimentary snacks and drinks). The bar was friendly and lively. Breakfast was very good.Overall excellent quality and service will definitely return.	
Mar 6 2007	Classy Hotel	I cashed in a few thousand Priority Club points for a 2-night weekend stay here with my girlfriend. Check in was efficient and Silvia upgraded me to a Club Room (6th floor) and told me that breakfast was included. The room was spacious and clean, but the old-style non-widescreen CRT TV seems a little out of place these days. There was also a radio and DVD player. The bed was very comfortable, and the hotel was nice and quiet - no issues with banging doors etc.The Club Lounge was small but pleasant, with free drinks.Breakfast was a reasonable buffet, but surprisingly less of a selection than some Holiday Inn's I have stayed at.This hotel oozes quiet and efficient professionalism - the staff are all excellent. Although a little out of the centre, this hotel is ideal for a quiet but very comfortable weekend break.	
Feb 20 2007 	Not bad at all	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza in order to visit TheatreLandThe CP is a nicely located hotel on the banks of the Thames and extremely close to Blackfriars tube station.On entering the hotel, you are greeted with a very nicely decorated foyer. The reception staff were both efficient and friendly (Erika is a credit to the hotel) although it was not particularly busy when I arrived.We were given a room on the third floor. The room itself was spotlessly clean and had all the basic amenities you would expect in a London hotel. It was fairly small but well decorated and it was extremely quiet - this may have been because it was 'the city' at the weekend but nonetheless it was very welcome.The only downsides with the room were that the bed was TINY. It was a double bed but so small and very uncomfortably which meant neither myself or my wife got much sleep. Also the bath was tiny as well (i struggled to fit in it) and the hot water was lukewarm at best.I didnt explore the bar / restaurant so cant comment on these.All in all it was an ok stay. I paid £80 for the night which in London is pretty good so I dont have much to complain about. I guess you could say this hotel was average.	
Feb 11 2007 	Truly excellent	This was my first time staying in the Crowne Plaza London City. Given that there was quite a lot of snow that morning ( February 8th February ) I was delighted to find the hotel directly opposite Blackfriars station.Despite the early hour, there was no quibble about checking in and having a coffee in the Club Lounge whilst rooms were being prepared. However, there was a heart stopping moment when there was a query about my reservation, and there didn't appear to be any room at the inn!!A very helpful manager (Kati) sorted the matter, which was down to no more than human error. She very kindly upgraded me to a studio room and offered a complimentary lunch. It is so rare to find this sort of attitude in a large hotel chain, and it did wonders in restoring my spirits.The Studio room has a dining table, desk and sofa bed, as well as a very comfortable king bed. The bathroom was nicely finished with and came with Molton Brown toiletries.As well as the usual tea facility, there was a coffee maker (no instant here!) with biscuits, and complimentary wine and nuts.The room was very bright and was supremely comfortable, so much so that I was reluctant to leave for my appointment in Westminster that evening.The Club Lounge is small but very cosy, and has complimentart internet access &amp; printing. I was pleasantly surprised to fine evening canapes still available on my return at 9.30pm. Just what was needed after being out in the cold!I would definitely stay in the Crowne Plaza London City again, and have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone.	
Feb 7 2007	It's fine. Not great just fine	Stayed at this hotel for just a quick Saturday night and found it OK, but not particularly great.The good news is that its location, just across the river from the Oxo Tower, is great; and the rooms - while not large - are still a good size and easily large enough to contain two double beds.Admittedly, we were in a standard room and we were there at the weekend (which is a very quiet time in The City) but when you arrive there in the evening and find the bar closed at just after 10pm and replaced by a one-man drinks service in reception - which meant it took over 15 minutes to take our order, despite the fact we were the only ones there - it doesn't bode well.The room-service menu was 24x7 and the mini-bar, while exhorbitantly priced (but isn't that standard) was well packed. All in all, room clean, beds quite comfortable and bathroom contained 3 Milton Brown extras that were welcome.One word of warning - at the front of the hotel there's massive building work going on (see the attached photo). Fortunately at the weekend there was no noise at all, but it could be something to bear in mind if you're going to be there mid-week and need your sleep. Make sure you ask for a room towards the back!Overall, I wasn't too impressed and for roughly the same price (particularly discounted off Priceline) I'd recommend the Victoria Park Plaza far more strongly.	
Jan 31 2007 	Perfect hotel on a perfect city	We're from Brazil and booked this hotel from British Airways Holidays for the New Years Holidays. Since our check-in, our experience was really great. Perfect !!! They provide us an early check-in. The bell cap, Karol, was so kind and helpful with us. The room was in perfect condition. Very clean atmosphere, with new furnitures and modern amenities. Perfect beds, excellent breakfast, very close to Blackfriars Tube Station. It was a perfect hotel for this perfect city !!!	
Jan 2 2007 	Very Highly Recommended	Had a lovely stay New Years Eve. Staff could not have been better, very friendly and helpful. Nice rooms, very comfortable with everything you need and superb location. Lovely short walk to St Pauls where you should climb to the top to get your London bearings (not for the very unfit though!). Really nice breakfast and lovely contempory bar for late night drinks, and not rip-off prices. Really highly recommended, will stay again.	
Dec 3 2006 	Can't be faulted - Fantastic stay	Although I live in London, I needed somewhere to get dressed for the annual company christmas party (held nearby on the Thames) and somewhere to stay after the party on a Friday night. Aware of how expensive central London hotels are, I decided to use up some of my Priority Club points... I was very lucky at short notice (same day) I was able to redeem points for the Crowne Plaza - London The City.The hotel is very easy to find, and is a few steps away from Blackfriars tube station (make sure you use the exit for Ludgate Circus). The check in was very efficient. Tomasz was friendly and quick, and most importantly upgraded me to a Club Level room - in recognition of my Platinum status on Priority Club. I was offered a choice of complimentary Saturday newspaper and a wake up call. On arrival in my room, I was called by the Club Lounge receptionist to let me know I could contact her if I needed assistance.My room was up on the 6th foor (it's a seven story building), facing south (or the back of the Unilever building). Club levels (6&amp;7) can only be accessed in the lift after swiping your room key.The rooms are decorated in a modern style with a lot of dark browns and greys in the colour scheme. My room had a double bed, desk, leather desk chair and chair with footstool. The Club room has a widescreen TV (not LCD) and DVD player, also a mini radio/CD player. There were design books and selection of 4 magazines in the room. Tea, Coffee, Hot Chocolate (with a kettle and coffee percolator) and biscuits are available free, beyond that there's a well stocked minibar with sensors. Also on display are a jar of nuts and some praline chocolates (both chargeable).Plenty of hanging space in the cupboard, also an ironing board, iron - and safe big enough for a notebook computer.The bathroom is compact and has a shower and bath in one (some Crowne Plaza's have a seperate walk-in shower). Very clean, toiletries by Molton Brown (mouthwash, body lotion, shampoo, body wash gel, 2 x hand soaps). The shower is a good strength and is very hot.The curtains were blackout ones, allowing a well deserved sleep in after a boozy night at the christmas party. Currently construction work is happening across the road, and that's what woke me up. There was no turndown service. I wasn't bugged by staff, only just before the 12 noon checkout time - an attempt to check the minibar.I didn't get a good look or chance to use the hotel's common facilities, but I did pop into the club lounge (6th floor) for some canapes and a drink before heading out. Well stocked with drinks and tasty snacks. Bottle opener was tricky to find!!All in all - a great stay, and I woul definitely stay there again if I neede to be in that part of London.	
Nov 19 2006 	Top hotel	I got a good deal on a room here through GTAHotels.com, and it's now the hotel I check first when looking for a room in London. The location is excellent for sightseeing - a few seconds' walk from the Thames - and it couldn't be any easier to get to from the tube station, provided you get the right exit. Admittedly there's not a lot of nightlife in the immediate area, but that's probably a good thing if you're after a good night's sleep.The first room we were given had a distinctly nasty smell about it, but the receptionist gave us a different room with no questions asked and to be fair on the staff it took me a LOT of looking to find the source of the smell. The replacement room overlooked the atrium, which is a bit on the small side but still provides enough daylight, at least on the higher floors.Breakfast was pretty extensive and served usefully late into the morning. The eggs could possibly have done with another few seconds of cooking but otherwise the food was nice. We also tried the bar, which is classy with good service, but expensive.Overall I'm definitely looking forward to my next stay here.	
Nov 17 2006 	Convenient and comfortable	I received a warm welcome from the receptionist, who proceeded to check me in quickly. The room was very nicely furnished and reasonably spacious. As it was at the front of the hotel on the second floor there was some traffic noise, but this was acceptable and certainly not intrusive. Breakfast the next morning (included in the rate) was good. Overall a good experience	
Nov 14 2006 	Lost our booking	I booked just under one month in advance on LastMinute with a very good rate (£83). Upon arrival however I was informed they could not find the booking, despite the hotel phoning LastMinute to confirm that the booking had in fact been made.This resulted in a lot of stress, as the trip was a birthday surprise for my partner. However, the Manager on duty was quick in offering an alternative, staying at their sister hotel in St. James'. The taxi and a light meal was paid for, and I feel they did everything they could to resolve the issue quickly. There must have been a gap in communication somewhere along the line, and I can only advise to re-confirm your booking.	
Oct 25 2006 	My favourite place	I am staying since 4 years on a regular (weekly) base in London. Have seen a lot of hotels. However have to say since one year I am a fan of the Crowne Plaza The City. Tube station in front of the hotel. The Thames river three minutes away.... and the nice design of the rooms and the public area...... my favourite place.	
Oct 25 2006 	Great Sight Seeing Hotel	The hotel is really well placed for sightseeing, particularly the South Bank attractions.Stayed in this hotel for one Saturday night in Oct. The hotel was really easy to get to right at exit 8 from Blackfriars Station. The hotel had a very modern feel, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.The room was very nicely appointed e.g. a selection of current magazines for both men and women. Very clean and very modern. The room had 2 double beds, fine for me and my family. The only down side was as I was on a room only deal we had to pay for breakfast which was £17 each with no child discount. We didn't eat there! If you come out the New Bridge St entrance, turn left and then right up Ludgate Hill towards St Pauls there is a cafe on the left which does a very nice breakfast with real freshly squeezed OJ etc where the whole family can eat for less than the price of one at the Hotel. I think it was called 'Ossie's'. Another tip...There is a restaurant under the OXO tower 10 mins walk away called Tamesa which does a pre theatre set menu up to 8 o'clock for £12. You get fantastic views of the river, the service was great as was the food, kid friendly but not a kids restaurant if you see what I mean.I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 5 2006	great place!	I stayed here for 4 nights and had a great experience. Would definitely stay again if I got a good rate.Pros: -good location -- Starbucks is right across the street, as is Blackfriar's tube statation. There are some good restaurants closeby as well. -interesting, modern decor (at little *too* modern for my tastes, but that's personal preference)-spacious room and elegant bathroom-great amenities in the rooms, like kettles, hot chocolate, tea, coffee, cookies, bottled water; loved the Molton Brown toiletries!-friendly, welcoming staff-comfortable bedsCons:-expensive (but hey, it's London)-don't bother with the restaurant, especially for breakfast. Mediocre and not worth the money.	
Sep 26 2006 	Nice place	I have stayed in this hotel in the weekend that I go to the Vertigo concert in London Twickenham.We booked the deluxe room with breakfast at the IC website.The room was very clean and the staf was very helpful.The area of London City is very quit, but thats no probleme	
Sep 25 2006 	Great if you get a deal	If you can manage to get a deal - official rates are too expensive, but hey, this is London - the CP London The City is a great place to stay at. Located two tube stops from Trafalgar Square (tube station Blackfriars is just out the door), it is withing easy reach of business and pleasure sites, but still in a reasonably quite location.Room quite big, comfy beds (except the pillows), bathroom nice but pretty small, with high quality amenities (Molton Brown).Breakfast is quite nice if it's included in your rate, but don't bother paying extra for it. In that case, grab a coffee at Starbucks across the street.Staff is extremele kind and helpful. E.g. when our confirmed non-smoking room smelled of smoke upon arrival, reception immediately solved the problem and got us another room within five minutes. All other members of staff i had to deal with were very kind as well.All in all, I'd stay here again anytime and recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Sep 15 2006 	Standard hotel shame about the service	Stayed on a Sunday night and got a very good rate from the ic hotels website. The girl that checked me in complained that the rate i had was not theri normal types of rates and suggested that I had altered it after i had booked. Showed her my Platinum Priority Club card and she told me they don't upgrade silver members only the gold ones. ( I get this a lot recently new staff not being aware that Platinum is higher than Gold) I was very annoyed so left and went to the room. It was a far size but as it was only on the first floor over a main road there was quite a lot of noise. The website for thsi hotel says you get molten brown stuff in the bathrooms but the staff told me they had run out and some rooms had the basic shower and bath stuff you find in a basic room in a normal holiday inn. I forgot to order my paper and went back down to reception and asked for a paper. I was made to feel liek a naugthy school boy as they told me they would add it on but it should have been done when I checked in. The breakfast was okay, at least they were able to cook their bacon and sausages to how i like them crispy. There were no fried eggs on the buffet and no signs to say how to get one.For my morning it was easy to get to the city from here either walk , bus or train from blackfriars station which is accross the road.	
Aug 29 2006 	Fantastic Value and the friendliest staff in London	I have just come back from a three night stay at the Crown Plaza (Blackfriars) and have had an absolutely wonderful time. The staff at this hotel have to be amongst the friendliest I have every encountered. They were extremely helpful and the impression given is that nothing is too much trouble. The hotel itself is clean and spacious. It also had the added benefit of being right next to Blackfriars tube station (exit8) on leaving the tube at this exit you are practically in the hotel reception.We booked this trip through holidayextras I never spoke to one person, yet all my tickets and reservations were amde and I didn't encounter a single problem.The package included 3 nights, theatre tickets and per theatre dinner for £400 which considering it's London I think is excellent value.Be aware though that a lot of the attractions in London are expensive, so be prepared to pay nothing short of £15 and above pp per attraction. MAKE SURE YOU BOOK THE ATTRACTIONS BEFORE YOU ARRIVE, if you don't you will spend most of your time in a queue. Thankfully we did book all the attraction we wanted on line, and I was so pleased when we seen the length of the queues.Definitely go on the Dinner Cruise, we booked through Bateaux Cruises, but I believe that City Cruises are the same. It cost £65 per person, but for that you get a four course meal, a cabaret show, disco and a welcoming drink; I don't think you'll find better value for money.The taxis are reasonably cheap so don't be frightened to use them, and you can buy an all day tube ticket for £4.90 which is a great way to get round the city.The highlight of the stay has to be the Nottinghill Carnival, it was fantastic and I would highly recommend this, the costumes the colours, the atmosphere, the noise, the people. I have travelled quite a bit and I have never come across something as wonderful as this carnival, I am booking up now for next year!	
Aug 22 2006 	Superb quality	My wife and me have stayed for a week in this hotel in a pleasure trip. It is certainly a very male--designed, bussinessmen-orientated hotel, but for tourists looking for quality acomodation, as we were, it ranks very high. The situation is excellent, just in front of Blackfriars railroad station. The underground can't be nearer. Its situation in New Bridge Street is very convenient, just 5 minutes by tube to Westminster, and in less than half an hour you can walk through Fleet Street and Strand into Trafalgar Square. It has also very good bus combinations nearby.The total prize for seven days, including fantastic english breakfast, was 1050€. Rooms are very comfortable, with very good disabled facilites, the fridge is very well furnished, and complimentary mineral water, tea and biscuits are offered every day. Excellent towels and bathrobe.The people working in the hotel are extremely kind and efficient. The customer service really reads your opinion and even answers. A small incidence with our credit card was fastly solved.My conclusion is a superb one, perhaps not the most romantic of London hotels, but a really comfortable and well-made one.	
Aug 21 2006	Great value our family loved it!	Just back from a one week visit to London, 2 adults, 2 children (boys, ages 7 and 11), we booked the Crowne Plaza through the British Airways website, it sounded like a good value (six nights at $214 a night, dollars, not pounds) and it was. We used our 1 week British Rail travel pass (good for all buses and tubes, all zones, best investment we did) to travel from Heathrow on the Piccadilly Line (changing at ActonTown, as a previous TripAdvisor had recommended) to the District Line to the Blackfriars tube stop. A few stairs out with the luggage but then the hotel was right there in front of us. We arrived late Saturday morning but a room was ready for us and we could check in. Very modern, clean, we had an interior courtyard view (no view) which was fine - VERY QUIET, Perfect! In fact, if we had been given a room across the hall we would have been watching (and hearing) a construction site, so request an interior room if you want quiet. One of the best deals was a full English buffet breakfast was included with our room rate, for all four of us. If we had walked off the street the charge would have been 17.5 pounds ($33) per person. Modern bathroom, good shower pressure. Good TV channels for the boys during non-sightseeing &quot;down&quot; time. The location was ideal, and since we had the travel pass, it was easy to take the tube or buses anywhere. We would definitely stay at this hotel again, particularly at such a good rate.	
Jul 29 2006 	Very nice for business or pleasure	Very well looked after - still very fresh and new - nice Molton Brown products and fluffy bathrobes in your room. Stylish bar but can be a bit noisy if you want to have a quiet chat. The Italian restaurant is great - very, very good food but not cheap - but you pay for what you get so....! If you can get a good deal on this hotel it is worth the money. Right next to Blackfriars underground station so you can get to anywhere in London very fast. Locality will be quiet on the weekends but as it is so easy to get around this should not be a problem.	
Jun 28 2006	Godd Value but quiet area	We stayed at this hotel in May 2006 for 4 nights. We booked a Standard room and as we were Priority Club Platinum members received a free upgrade to the Club Floor. We paid an extra £25 per night to upgrade one further to a Junior Suite at check in (rooms also known as Club King Studio Room).The main lobby of the hotel is very modern and bright and check-in was efficient with 6 members of staff on duty.The room was a good size with a super king size bed, a sitting area with sofa and arm chair, a working area with desk, double wardrobe and tea coffee making area.The bathroom was rather small and had no windows but was done in a modern style with marble and dark woods. The bathroom products are Molton Brown (personally don't like them but they are better than Crowne Plaza own brand!).There are two dressing gowns provided and a decent amount of towels.There is a large TV (not LCD or plasma) and also a DVD player and separate hi-fi unit.There are tea/coffee making facilities including a separate coffee percolator, extra filter coffee is available from housekeeping.The room supposedly has free internet available in the room using the Ethernet connection supplied or by using the keyboard connected to the TV, unfortunately neither worked in our room and after spending two hours with staff trying to fix it we gave up!All club rooms, junior suites/studio rooms and full suites entitle the occupants to use the club lounge which is located on the 6th floor.The lounge is a fair size with two sofas and a number of tables and chairs. There is a bar area with soft drinks available all the time free of charge and alcohol, spirits, wine and beer available after 1800hrs - 2100hrs when they also bring out some nibbles such as cheese and biscuits and a few canapés.Most days there are slices of cake available in the lounge in the afternoon although be sure to check them before you eat as two of the pieces I picked up had mould on them!There is a reception desk in this lounge and a member of staff is there in a morning from about 0700-1200hrs to assist with any problems you have.A continental breakfast is served in the lounge in a morning however at weekends this is served in the main restaurant instead.A selection of books, DVD's and CD's can be hired free of charge from the lounge and there is a PC with free internet connection (that works) however you will need to ask a member of staff for the password.Service in the hotel was fairly good; room service was prompt and fairly decent sized portions although the menu is typical hotel stuff, burgers, pizza etc.Try the home made fish cakes off the kids menu, perfect portion size for most adults and half the price.The hotel has a modern gym area with a small selection of new cardio equipment but no free weights. There is also a sauna and changing area. There was no one using the gym when I went down and you just swipe your room card to get in.The main problem we had with this hotel is that the area it is located in (directly opposite Blackfriars train station) is very quiet at night and at weekends because this is the financial district.You will struggle to find any shops or restaurants that area open in the area on a Saturday or Sunday (yes even Pret and Starbucks are closed on a Saturday!!!). However you are a very quick tube ride away from the west end or Victoria Station which has a large selection of shops and places to eat.The good thing with the hotel is that it is only a 5 min walk to St Paul’s Cathedral, the Bank of England, Mansion House and the Financial District, 10 min to the London Museum. Or just walk across the road, jump on a tube (District and Circle Line) and you can be at the Tower of London in about 6 minutes or Westminster in about 4 minutes.The hotel is very close to Blackfriars Bridge and of course the river Thames but no views of the river from the hotel itself i'm afraid.Overall a good value (especially at weekends) hotel in a safe, quiet area but still well connected to all the areas you normally need.	
Jun 5 2006	Great Service...OK location	My husband and I stayed here from Friday to Sunday in May 2006. We had one of the club rooms. The sevice was great and the staff were so friendly and helpful. Especially Philippe and Claire. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurants or had drinks in the bar so I can't say anything about those.The rooms were very clean and charming as is the bath room. However, it was smaller than I had expected, especially our bath room. As I said, we were on the club floor and had access to the club lounge. By the way, breakfast is not served in the club lounge on the weekends as it is on the weekdays. You can still use the lounge on the weekends but if you need anything, you will need to call down to reception and someone will come up to the lounge to help you. You can borrow DVDs and CDs from the lounge and you have a DVD player and CD player in your room. The loung also has free drinks (alchoholic beverages and snacks start around 18:00). The hotel is very close to a tube station (Blackfrairs) but otherwise is in a more business area. This means that on the weekend and evenings, it's dead. There is a Starbucks across the street so if you do miss the breakfast in the hotel, you can still get a quick fix at the Starbucks. Overall, a great hotel and wonderful, friendly, helpful staff. The Location could be better but we enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 8 2006	excellent	Just got back from London-Paris last weekend. Excellent hotel. Great location. Right next to the Blackfriar tube station so it was very convinient to go to all the sights. Since it is located in the financial district, the area is very quite at night and on the weekend, which my wife and I prefer since London is such as busy and crowded city like Tokyo. We got a superior room upgrade even though we book the hotel free using our priority club points. The room was large, very clean, nice modern decor, and a very nice bathroom. In room safe was also present, which is always a plus. They also give us free bottles of water everyday we stayed which is a very nice touch. The hotel staff, including the bell boy, was all very helpful and friendly. We will definitely stay here again next time we are in town:)	
Apr 5 2006	Excellent Location Excellent Hotel	Have travelled to England about 15 times and this is the best hotel I have stayed at in London. It is directly across the street from Blackfriars tube and the location is central to everything. The rooms were modern, immaculately clean, quiet, and very attractive. The non-smoking rooms were actually truly non-smoking. I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 19 2006	Nice Rooms / Expensive Extras	Stayed here over the weekend; faultlessly nice room / bathroom. Service was excellent, and it's very good for access too (exit 8 from Blackfriars practically leads into the hotel). On the downside, as a leisure traveller this was VERY expensive in terms of room service / breakfast / entertainment, etc. £10/movie, £17/buffet breakfast, £20/basic room breakfast, minibar was hilariously expensive [we didn't need to buy a movie as we were having too much fun checking the prices out]. The other slight downside, staying here over the weekend, since it's in the financial district everything is closed ALL DAY Saturday &amp; Sunday. So nice &amp; quiet then, if that's what you're after. By the way, we got it for $100 per night Priceline.	
Feb 20 2006	Pretty standard stuff....	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza last weekend, as part of a theatre package, booked online. Was obviously a good deal, as the prices advertised within the hotel were very high.We had a twin room which was clean and pleasant, but by no means five-star standard. I would go as far as to say that is was Travel Lodge standard with some nice sheets and a few ornaments! Couldn't believe the price of internet access, listening to albums and the vastly overpriced mini-bar and selection of snacks. I believe it's standard these days but, be aware that if you as much as pick up something from the mini-bar, it is automatically charged to your bill if not put back within 20 seconds. We picked up the small £3.95 jar of cashew nuts and then had to tell reception staff that we hadn't eaten them and could they be removed from our bill. I don't like being put in that position- I don't even like cashew nuts!!The hairdryer was a box-on-the-wall-with-a-tube one like you find in a swimming baths and my friend found it almost impossible to use as the tube part got so hot it burned her hand. For the price guests are paying, a proper hand held dryer would be nice.... Molton Brown stuff in the bathroom was lovely.Huge queue for breakfast and not enough staff on duty, but loads of choice and good quality food. Reception and general hotel staff are lovely, polite and helpful.Overall, my feeling was that it was not a five-star hotel in many ways but pleasant enough and well located, particularly for the Tate Modern and St Pauls Cathedral.	
Jan 19 2006	First league!	We stayed at the CP-The City for two nights over the weekend. As PC Plat. Ambassador we got an upgrade to one of their beautiful club rooms. The lounge service is limited over the weekend but still on an acceptable level. Very stylish and warm hotel. Excellent staff. Tube station and bus stop are a step away, a pub is across the street and many nice and affordable restaurants are nearby. The nicest CP I know (a disguised InterContinental).	
Nov 9 2005	Flawless	The perfect location. My room was wondefully appointed and the staff went above and beyond. This hotel is number one on my list for hotels in London. From the sleek martini to bar to front of house staff who were friendly, efficient and went out of their way to make my stay memorable. I consider myself a seasoned traveller and would highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 30 2005	Fantastic hotel!	We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Crown Plaza - the City. We absolutely LOVED it. We stayed on the Club level, and it's far worth the difference in price. Unlike most everyone else, we found the breakfast to be truly good (this what included in the Club room charge, and was provided by the restaurant Belugo - so it may be different). Also, it was over the weekend. The hotel is very clean, and in a great location. The thing that impressed me the most about this hotel was the staff. We didn't come across a single staff member that was unpleasant. Almost all of them went out of their way to help us - especially when I woke up incredibly sick one morning. I highly recommend this hotel, and will most definitely stay there again. **If you are traveling to the hotel from Heathrow - a quick piece of advice. Take the tube. It takes about an hour from the airport, but costs less than 4 GBP (a taxi will take almost as long for 55 GBP). Take the Picadilly line (blue), to the District line and change at Acton Town. You will literally only have to hop across the platform to get on the District line. If you wait til some of the other stations, then you may have to climb up and down steps with your luggage. Trust me, I learned this the hard way! Then take the District train to the Blackfrairs station, and use exit 8. The hotel will be directly in front of you. There's a few steps while exiting at Blackfrairs, but not terrible.	
Jun 28 2005	Great Hotel - Pity about Breakfast	I agree with other comments, but like visitor in May 2005 found the breakfast disappointing. Great to discover, then, round the corner at the far end of Tudor Street, the AM breakfast buffet bar open from 5am!! Great service, great food, great price.	
Jun 20 2005	Lovely hotel a pleasure to stay in	We loved this hotel - got a great online rate mid-week. It's one minute from Blackfriars station, and an easy walk to St Pauls, Strand, Covent Garden etc. Very smart, contemporary rooms, comfortably, with friendly staff. Would stay there each time I go to London if I could get a good rate!	
Jun 6 2005	Very pleasant indeed	Truly unexpected experience. The hotel sites right on the tube line and is very centrally located only one block from the Thames River. From the moment I walked in I was impressed. Very updated and modern decor. The staff was very polite and friendly, not to mention very helpful. The underground was down that day and they helped me find the right buses to take me to my destinations. Very professional indeed. Being a weekend and that the hotel is in the financial district, I was given a free upgrade to the Club Floor (7th floor). This was a very nice room. Very upscale and polished. Probably the nicest bathroom of all, far better than any Hilton/ Hyatt or Fairmont I have stayed in. The room had internet access with a keyboard and all the amneties you would expect and then some (robes, slippers, CD/DVD player, iron and even a machine that presses your slacks in a few seconds in the armoir. I payed 120.00 US on priceline and it was so much nicer than anything else I found for that price range..I am not sure what the other floors/rooms were like, but the Club Floor is very refined. Would very much recommend this hotel.	
Jun 3 2005 	Great hotel and great staff	I am a regular visitor to London and have stayed at just about all the InterCon's, Holiday Inn's and Crowne Plaza's in London. I have to say that I was very, very impressed with the hotel.It is next to Blackfriars tube/Thameslink which is very handy if you are travelling into the City from Gatwick. It is also relatively easy to walk into the City and St Pauls is only a short walk away. For those of you that like Starbucks (I do) there is one directly across the road from the hotel.There was only one person at Check-in at 7pm and the receptionist was almost done with another customer and I had only to wait a minute or two. She apologised for keeping me, which I thought was a nice touch. If it had been several minutes, yes, but a couple. Good start.I had been upgraded to a Club Level room (that Platinum Elite Priority Card does come in handy) and given access to the Club lounge. It has a nice view out towards the Thames and has a great selction of beers as well as soft drinks and wine. The breakfast in the morning, although not a huge selection was good and tasty.My room faced out towards the back of the hotel away from the main road. There were huge oversized pillows which are great to watch TV with as they give great support (although there was a comfy chair for that as well!) and were comfortable for sleeping.Bed and bedding were excellent as was the air con (although a little noisy) which for me was set at artic as I'm from Scotland and I prefer it cool.Bathroom had a great shower and nice Molton Brown shower gel and other goodies. Lots of nice, fluffy towels and bathrobes. The shower had a nice glass panel rather than a shower curtain and I am sure that anyone who travels a lot and has done battle with creeping shower curtains will appreciate a power shower without having to fight off the curtain.I had a couple of meetings in the City and I was able to easily arrange late check-out which was handy. Finally, I managed to forget my mobile. I noticed about 20 minutes later and when I went back to the hotel, expecting it to have walked, it was actually all wrapped up and at reception.If that is not impressive service what is? Well worth staying here and I will certainly be back.	
May 2 2005	Good Rooms..indifferent service		
Apr 13 2005	next to subway station do not match up to a 5-star		
Mar 17 2005 	Excellent for business travellers		
Mar 15 2005	Fantastic hotel if you get a deal		
Nov 24 2004	Not Even Close to Five Stars		
Sep 19 2004	Smart looking hotel but has some problems		
Aug 16 2004	nice hotel		
Aug 2 2004	not a 5 star place to stay in financial district		
Jul 25 2004	Outstanding service the place to stay in London		
Sep 28 2009 	???????????Blackfriars??????????????		
Sep 19 2009 	Una vacanza indimenticabile		
Aug 18 2009 	Buen hotel mala cama		
May 17 2009 	Tres bon emplacement !		
Apr 27 2009 	ottimo albergo		
Apr 16 2009 	Ottimo 4 stelle		
Feb 23 2009 	buena ubicación cómodo y habitaciones muy confortables		
Feb 10 2009 	Hasta la próxima Crowne Plaza!		
Dec 31 2008 	génial		
Oct 18 2008 	Buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Sep 12 2007 	Si encuentras buen precio cogelo		
Jun 18 2007 	Tolles City Hotel		
May 22 2007 	Pas de mauvaise surprise		
