Nov 9 2009 	great experience	we have just spent one night at this beautiful hotel, the staff were very friendly and helpful and even upgraded our room. the restaurant in the evening looked really pretty, good food .....and breakfast was gorgeous. quiet at night ( well it was a sunday ) our room had everything you could possibly need , with a huge very comfy bed! the lounge on the first floor was really cosy and full of quirky furniture ....couldnt fault it , well apart from the price but it was worth it for a treat.	
Nov 9 2009 	fabulous	Stayed at the Covent Garden hotel recently for two nights during half term. As soon as we pulled up i fell in love! the welcome was warm and check in efficient. loved our room, spacious huge flower design fabric on the walls and what a great location - a few minutes to the hub of Covent Garden. Dined at Brasserie Max one evening and the food was delicious. Would definitely return as we felt extremely comfortable and well looked after at this hotel. I would also like to stay in other Firmdale hotels if they are of the sam standard.	
Nov 8 2009 	excellent hotel with great service	Our recent stay at this hotel was our second (last trip a was few months ago and our great experience is the reason we came back). Our room was lovely, quirky, very large, impeccably clean, spacious, and comfortable. Food in the restaurant is excellent, though pricey (like the room). Hotel staff is young, exuberant, and excellent; wait-staff is very good to excellent. It does seem a bit odd that you have to pay extra for the internet, but a portable computer is available in the lobby at no cost – good for checking email, and anyway, if you travel to London planning to spend all day on the Internet, you probably ought to stay at a different hotel, as you won't have time to be so concerned about the other hotel amenities; also, 20 pounds for 24 hours isn’t really that bad, considering the room is barely under 400. In short, London hotels are expensive and some can be cramped and tired; the price of this hotel, though quite high, didn’t seem disproportionately high for the quality.Liked best: room, location, staffLiked least: well, I guess the cost, but one knows that in advance, right?	
Nov 2 2009 	Very Lovely Hotel- Excellent Experience Except for the Internet Charge	This is the kind of hotel you dream about. Small enough to feel comfortable and homey but large enough to meet all of one's needs. The restaurant is excellent for breakfast and dinner. The gym is amazing for the size of the hotel. In the gym all of the equipment is new and in excellent working order. The rooms are gracious and well appointed. The location is perfect, especially if you want to see a few shows or do some shopping. My only complaint is the daily 20 pound internet charge. It is ridiculous. I hope that they include internet access or charge a nominal fee because the current charge feels unfair. Other than the internet charge the hotel is excellent and I would not hesitate to stay there again the next time I am in London.	
Oct 29 2009 	A very solid choice in London	This was my second stay at a Firmdale hotel (I’ve stayed at their newest London property, the Haymarket, as well), and I’m really becoming a fan. The deluxe room I was in had nice high ceilings and was genuinely comfortable, with very eclectic design that feels distinctly different from staying in a chain hotel (a small bookcase in the room, for example; bold wallpaper and fabrics). There are a few relaxing public areas, but otherwise, it’s just a nice place to come home to after a day and night on the town, rather than being a destination in its own right. The breakfast buffet was just ok, not great, despite its high price. But overall, I think the hotel provides luxury and comfort and a distinct design sensibility that wonderfully complement a visit to London.	
Oct 13 2009 	Fantastic hotel and experioence	I stayed here with my wife in August and thoroughly enjoyed my stay.The room was perfect...central but quiet and immaculately decorated.The restaurant downstairs is worth a trip alone but for me (originally from London and frequently returning) this is the best hotel I have stayed in.	
Oct 1 2009 	Couldn't fault it	We held a board meeting at the hotel and then some of us stayed the night. Jason, who looked after the meeting was absolutely excellent. So helpful and attentive - he couldn't have done more. The bedroom was lovely. The location is great. Breakfast wonderful. I could go on and on and on!	
Sep 22 2009 	Fantastic - the best hotel in London	W recently had a three night stay at the Covent Garden Hotel. It was absolutely fantastic - the position, staff, breakfast - everything was 10 out of 10. We had a Junior Suite which was comfortable, roomy and very quiet. Just what we needed after a 23 hour flight from Melbourne. The bed was so comfortable and nothing was too much trouble for the staff.After our cruise we had a further night stay before our flight home and was upgraded to a full suite. This was amazing. We would not even consider staying anywhere else in future.	
Sep 10 2009 	My Dream Hotel...	I stayed here as a recommendation from my son. I am so happy that I did. This is the most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed in. From the moment I stepped into the car at the airport, which they had arranged, to my departure a week later, I never wanted for anything. The staff at this hotel are true professionals - they have the ability to anticipate a guests needs before I even knew I needed a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald, a soothing cup of cammomile tea after returning from a late night show to the fresh fruit replenished daily with only my favourite fruits.The bedroom was totally sumptuous.... not so much so that I didn't want to sit down in the totally comfortable chairs, but almost so that I never wanted to leave my room and explore the divine cobbled streets of Covent Garden. The restaurant and bar are buzzy and comfortable - the drawing room, for guests only, is the best place to relax after a day shopping, munching on fresh scones and drinking perfectly drawn tea. The decor, design and attention to detail make this hotel amazing, but combined with the efficient, friendly and professional staff, this hotel is on another level. I can honestly say that it was by far the best hotel stay of my life and having travelled my whole life, mostly first class - I am only disappointed that I didnt know about this hotel sooner.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Employees Lovely Atmosphere Ideal Location	My wife and I stayed here in August for a couple of nights. The saying that &quot;You're only as good as your employees&quot; is very apt. The personnel at the Covent Garden are all very helpful and give a great service. We'll be going back to London soon for another couple of nights and I wouldn't bother looking anywhere else!	
Sep 6 2009 	Blown Away....	Stayed at the Covent Garden with my hubby as a birthday treat, and what a treat it was! We were treated like royalty by the staff, our every whim was catered for. We were treated to free massages in the spa and there were some really nice touches in the room. The room itself was so quiet, we did not hear a sound the whole time we were there, I could not believe we were in the heart of covent garden. Breakfast was amazing and we were very sorry to leave. A truly wonderful place to stay, I cannot praise this place enough!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Brilliant at what it is trying to be	Over the last 5 years I would have stayed at over 30 different hotels in London because of business but this was by far the best. It is worth saying however that if you are looking for a grand hotel such as The Langham, The Savoy, The Hyde Park, The Ritz or The Lanesborough then you will be disappointed. In fact it may be because I've tired of the theatrics of the grand dames that I enjoyed Covent Garden hotel so much. We booked a deluxe double and even though the family package was only supposed to be available at the weekend the reservation team very kindly offered it to us for a Thursday night stay. If we hadn't got this package I don't know if I would have given the hotel such a high value rating as room prices do seem to be at around the £300 per night mark. You have to be careful as well, because even though they do say it when you book it is easy to forget that the quoted rates don't include VAT. As we had the package though we found the value to be amazing. Not only was the room a great size for two adults and a child but also included was the most fantastic afternoon tea (which meant that we didn't have to go out for dinner after the Lion King), a beautiful breakfast, a 15 minute massage and great chocolates in the room. A first for us was also a book of fairytales for our son (who would have probably preferred something about monsters).The hotel itself is in a very nice street approx 5 minutes walk from Covent Garden. It is small but cosy and beautifully furnished. At the front is a lovely restaurant and from previous visits for lunch I know that the food is excellent. Perhaps the wow factor with the hotel is its potential clientele. The bar is packed with people from the film and TV industry and when we had afternoon tea we were sat next to Jude Law.Upstairs there is a fantastic residents lounge, although when we were there we found that people used it to work on their laptops which didn't make it the most relaxing or convivial of spaces. Overall, we found the staff to be very knowledgeable about London, friendly, discreet and professional. Perhaps the best compliment is that they blended into the background.In short, if you are looking for a top quality hotel that is relaxing, brilliantly located, has interesting clientele but doesn't overdo things on any level, then you can do no better than the Covent Garden Hotel.	
Aug 15 2009 	It doesn't get much better than this.	As with other reviewers, I have traveled a great deal and stayed in many hotels all over the world. The Covent Garden Hotel stands out in the quality of the staff, the attractiveness of the rooms (the bathrooms are amazing), the ideal location for getting around and for seeing shows, for shopping in small boutiques, and for eating well and stylishly. So many of the details of the hotel have been carefully thought through, like the quality of the equipment and accessories in the hotel gym (fresh fruit, bottled water and small high fibre cakes). The closest experience I can compare to the experience of staying in this hotel was several years ago when we stayed in the five star Four Seasons Hotel in Istanbul. Covent Garden Hotel is like a five star experience for a four star price. I would definitely stay there again anytime.	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent but some quibbles	This hotel is in a great location, the staff are uniformly helpful, the restaurant is competitive and the room decor is of high quality. With room rates greater than $500/day, I am surprised at a £20 daily internet charge and a £2 charge for 0800 telephone calls. This cheapens the overall impression impression. I'll have to investigate some other nearby places.	
Jul 28 2009 	back to the covent garden	Have stayed here with my wife for the fourth time, after a pause of some years.The place looks as if it was opened yesterday.It is still the most perfect place to stay in London, and I meanperfect in every way - location, service, decor ,value and look.Will definitly come again soon!!	
Jul 19 2009 	Amazing Hotel - could not have been better	What a beautiful gem of a hotel. We have stayed in many hotels over the years in London but always seemed to spend the most time in and around Covent Garden. Therefore we decided to look for a hotel near there. Wish we had done so much earlier - what a gorgeous hotel - perfect in every way. The decor is stunning (each room is unique and the restaurant and drawing room are decor dreams), the staff is incredibly helpful and curteous, the restaurant/food is fabulous. My husband (who is extra picky) said the gym is one of the best he's ever experienced (and we are from CA so we know gyms!) The bed is super comfortable. The location could not be better if you are interested in the Seven Dials and Covent Garden areas as well as seeing West End shows. Tons of restaurants and cute shops all around. Just the best experience! Won't stay anywhere else after this.	
Jul 19 2009 	Could not have been better!!!	Look no further! This is the most wonderful hotel London has to offer! We have stayed at all kinds of hotels from across the world, and none matchup to the charm, hospitality, and attention to detail that the friends at Covent Garden Hotel share. We were traveling with 3 children and they were amazing at making our stay the best it could be. The location is fantastic, the food is amazing, and the rooms are so comfotable. Thank you Simon for our wonderful stay!!!! Pamela	
Jul 14 2009 	City Hotels should take note	Staying in London one always has a multitude of options, but Covent Garden Hotel remains a great place both in terms of its location and in the style it conveys. I really like the way the rooms have been done and it's also great for entertaining. Keep up the good work.	
Jul 1 2009 	A Crown Jewel	I have stayed at Covent Garden Hotel many times and am continually impressed. It is not easy to run a top-notch operation and the Covent Garden does it seemingly without breaking a sweat. From the bellmen, waiters desk staff all the way to the management, everyone is A-list and prides themselves on taking care of their guests. How refreshing. The rooms are exactly what a hip London hotel should be. Comfortable, well appointed, not trendy little white boxes stuffed with attitude like St. Martin's Lane and the like. I can honestly think of nothing negative in any of my experiences staying here. Covent Garden is unique and outstanding. Book yourself. You'll be glad you did.	
May 24 2009 	Spectacular	My spouse and I just returned from an eight day stay at the Covent Garden Hotel. It would be hard to express just how perfect this experience was. This was our second stay at this hotel and our first surprise came when they remembered that we have a special occaision in May. They provided complimentary Champagne and snacks to start our week off with splendor. Our room was a Luxury Double which was beautiful and spacious with a large and gorgeous bathroom. The best part however is the service.This hotel is accustomed to celebrities but believe me the everyday people (us) are not neglected. They are personable and cheerful and most of all able to get things done. They greet you by name and seem to go out of their way to make you feel welcome.We had the afternon tea, an after theatre drink and snack each night and daily breakfast and one dinner at the Brasserie Max (hotel reataurant ) and found that the same good product and service prevailed. The location is perfect for tourists especially theatre goers. I really cannot find fault and hope that we will be able to stay there for our annual trip to London next year. It is worth the price.	
May 17 2009 	Hotel perfection - something special	I booked this hotel, having stayed at sister hotel The Soho Hotel on several occasions, for my Singaporean clients who were visiting the UK as part of a European tour. I wanted them to enjoy elegance, location and something different to a Hilton/Marriott, eg a corporate hotel. They adored the hotel, its service and personal touches.Yes, I hear what other people say when they fault if for being expensive, but if that is the case, book into a Premier Inn and stop moaning.From the personal note in the room and frangranced pillow spray to the well-dressed staff and to-die-for breakfast menu, everything was spot on.Having visited Singapore myself, where they pride themselves on their service, I have to say that the service was comparable and this was remarked on by my clients.I do not have a bad word to say about the place. Beds were sumptuous, rooms were chic and individual, food was sublime.I also stayed at the Mayfair Hotel this week (5 star) and while that was celeb-tastic, it is nothing on the Covent Garden Hotel.I have just checked out and can't wait to get back there.	
Apr 27 2009 	Lovely but prefer The Knightsbridge	Four of us stayed at the hotel for the Marathon weekend recently. I normally stay at Firmdales sister hotel The Knightsbridge but was talked into a change by my friends after they stayed at the CGH a few months ago. Plus points - lovely hotel, good staff, attached to restaurant, good foodMinus points - very pricey as regards rooms and drinks, watch those added extras, felt a bit stiff. Its hard to actually find anything wrong with the hotel , if you prefer the more traditional feel of a larger establishment then this could be for you, personally I loved The Knightsbridge for its home away from home feel and the genuine warmth of its staff, at the Covent Garden this is lacking and the staff although very helpful lack that charm. Also we stayed in 306 and I loved it, black wallpaper and acid pink bed, it was lovely. My freinds stayed in 307 and I have to admit when I walked in it was a &quot; err oh&quot; moment and it did look like they had jumbled together all the left over bits of furniture from the hotel and had a tiny bathroom, whereas we had a huge bathroom for the same price. Its not a complaint, she should have asked to move if it wasnt right, i would have, but an observation in a hotel with individually designed room you may end up with one which sint to your taste. I dont think I would book with any other chain in London, but will be returning to my first love next time.	
Apr 22 2009 	Usual Stay-Surprise Ending	I've stayed at the Covent Garden several times because I prefer the location and I think, overall, the hotel is superior in many ways.As usual, immaculate housekeeping, great king size bed and adequately-sized room. Bathroom with excellent water pressure and some of the greatest showerheads on the planet IMO. Be aware that room decoration varies somewhat. The deluxe double i had this time was not as richly decorated as the one I had the time before.Didn't stay for breakfast which I have always felt to be a bit over-priced for what you actually get.Staff as friendly and helpful as ever.And now for that &quot;surprise&quot; I mentioned: last time I stayed I was a bit put off by the hotel's attempt to do the &quot;dynamic currency conversion&quot; number upon checkout. I was even MORE suprised that time when I was told &quot;there's nothing we can do&quot; until I threatened to annotate the charge slip with &quot;local currency not offered&quot; and demanded to see the manager that suddenly they found &quot;something&quot; they &quot;could do.&quot;Unfortunately, this happened again when I checked out yesterday morning but THIS TIME when I protested they immediately cancelled the charge and put through a new one, in Pounds. So, if this is any sort of an &quot;issue&quot; for you be aware....I agree the cost of internet access in the rooms is a bit absurd given the room rates but overall I'll stay again more than likely.	
Apr 9 2009 	Very nice hotel good service location etc - a bit pricey	My second stay at the Covent Garden - like its style a lot, just wish it was ever so slightly less expensive...	
Apr 8 2009 	We loved it!!	We treated ourselves to one nights stay at this hotel, having always stayed at the Radisson down the road. It was a special occasion and the Covent Garden Hotel did not disappoint. The staff were all wonderful, we were upgraded and had a wonderful room. The cocktails and bar snacks fantastic - and I loved the little in-room treats such as the pillow spray. I can't wait to go back and sample the honesty bar and drawing room! Its not cheap, but certainly worth saving up for... my favourite hotel in London.	
Mar 25 2009 	Gorgeous hideaway in London	This place had something special compared to other luxury hotels. Personal, friendly service in an intimate, but very welcoming setting. Arrived early in the morning off a flight and was shown to a great shower in the gym to freshen up before I went out and was called as soon as the room was ready. Truly gorgeous room - it was big and beautifully finished, a nice mix of stylish, modern and classic. Character-filled neighborhood, a short walk to Trafalgar Square and galleries there. Plenty of good boutiques and restaurants nearby. A particular highlight was the reading room, with a big open fire, where we retreated after dinner.	
Mar 17 2009 	Good hotel nice location	I liked the covent garden hotel. It is centrally located, but I think it has some flows.I think the room service is very expensive and the breakfast very small.Also the dvd player and the TV in my room did not work.The staff are friendly and helpful but don't know spanish.	
Mar 16 2009 	terrible experience	This hotel although in a nice location, it has a lot of disadvantages. I stayed there for 3 nights and came back today with a disappointment I wanted to share. I believe that the covent garden hotel is overrated.The first day that we stayed there I had an accident in the room, a wood from the bathroom fell on my hand and it was bleeding and painful. I called the reception right away and after a while they sent in my room a housekeeper with band-aids and a maintenance person who would fix the wood. I asked for some panadol pills as I had a headache and they didn't have in the hotel, so somebody from the concierge went to the pharmacy to get me some. And now I ask you: Is it possible a 5 star hotel not to have an emergency kit with pain killers? On top of that they charged me for the pills at the check out!!!!!!!!!!!! and they didn't even apologize to me. If you are going with children please be careful.Secondly, they had a dvd played in the room that it didn't work and although I called them to fix it the previous night, the next day I found out that it still was broken...what a service!Maybe if you are not a model, or an actor or someone famous they don't care....and that is a shame when you pay for a room 330 pound plus 15% vat each night...that is almost 400 pound...everybody should be treated like a royalty paying that vast amount...just another posh hotel!!!the breakfast...DISAPPOINTMENT...I had included in my rate English breakfast and what you get with that: a small sausage, two eggs, ham, tomato, coffee and a juice. If you ask for toasted bread they charge you hahahaha tragic! They didn't even have a buffet...They also charge 20 pound a day for the internet. It should be free, in a hotel like that. But maybe they are used to charge anything!If you want to waste your money, this is the right place for you!	
Feb 27 2009 	Just the best	A lovely hotel, completely calm and relaxed - right in the centre of town.	
Feb 26 2009 	The best hotel and the best service bar none.	I stayed at the Covent Garden for two nights in February with my fiancee, and enjoyed every moment.From the second we walked in we felt the warmth that was emitting from both the hotel and the young friendly staff. We were upgraded to a beautiful deluxe room and it was fantastic. Spacious, spotless and extremely comfortable. As we were Mr/s Smith members we were given a bottle of Champagne on arrival, plus the hotel gave us a complimentary box of chocolates. A nice touch i thought. The concierge were able to arrange a table at J. Sheeky's (an excellent seafood restaurant) with only a couple of hours notice. Nothing seemed too much for any of the staff. They weren't even phased when a certain Bafta winning actress came down for breakfast the morning after. Just another day for them I guess.The only negative of the whole stay was the charge for internet. I have stayed in 5 star hotels around the world, and i have to say that the Covent Garden is head and shoulders above the rest.	
Feb 24 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	I would love to thank all the staff at the hotel for a wonderful stay, wen we arrived we were welcomed by smiling and very helpful staff, the room was amazing in every way, ie clean, everything was perfectly laid out. the food was the best food iv had anywhere, the facilities where amazing. i WILL be recommending this hotel to everybody i know. thank you again to every one at the hotel for the amazing stay.	
Jan 26 2009 	Covent Garden Hotel - perfection!	My husband and I booked a night at the Covent Garden Hotel to celebrate being together 5 years. It was also only the second time we had left our 17 month son with someone else overnight, so we decided to splash out.It was definitely worth the expense. I had read other reviews on here and thought surely a hotel cannot live up to this - but it did. Superb location, beautiful decor, exemplary, friendly service, wonderful food. Lots of attention to detail. Just a perfect weekend, yes, it is very pricey, but it is worth it for a treat.	
Jan 20 2009 	A Wodnerful place to stay!!!!	My husband and I just returned from 4 nights at the Covent Garden Hotel. This is a wonderful place to stay!!! The staff at this hotel are so helpful and accomodating. They booked us tables at great restaurants, got us tickets to a new show and were warm and friendly. The bar and restaurant are lively , the breakfast is quite nice as well. The decor of the hotel is elegant and chic. Our room, a junior suite was beautifully decorated, very comfortable and quiet. The bathroom was large and well appointed. The location of the hotel could not be better, Covent Garden has lots of shops, bars and restaurants and is close to many museums and theaters.I would HIGHLY recommend this as a wonderful place to stay in London. and we can not wait to return!!!!!	
Jan 12 2009 	A sumptuous experience!	I can't praise this hotel highly enough. The staff were all warm, friendly and exceedingly helpful. The rooms are a delight and the breakfast fantastic. Well worth a visit.	
Jan 5 2009 	Superior Experience	We decided on London for xmas a bit last minute and happened upon the Firmdale group, choosing the CGH for availability as much as for location. I cannot really add much to the various superlatives in the reviews on this hotel. In five days there really wasn't a foot wrongly placed. The entire staff was professional yet friendly, the room decor traditional and yet with a twist (we had a junior suite - room 5 - giant parrot toile ...), the food pricey yet delicious (afternoon tea - yum)! Add to this the best water pressure ever (you wouldn't think it makes such a difference, until it does), and several nice touches (mince pies at reception, a child's bathrobe and toilettries ready and waiting, fab ice creams in the lounge's honor bar) and it just made our holiday. It was worth every one of the many many many hundreds of pounds we spent!	
Jan 2 2009 	Perfect stay	I just came back from a week stay here at this lovely property. The staff is just absolutely amazing with their hospitality and wealth of knowledge of the city. We booked a few shows and restaurant reservations with the conceirge and each time were shown the best seats in the house.  They have a wonderful theatre downstairs, and on the 1st floor they have nice sitting area with a couple of fireplaces to unwind. The great thing about this area is it's honor bar they have set for you to have a drink or snack.  I really can't say enough about this property, the location was perfect as well.	
Dec 4 2008 	I love this hotel	I stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel a couple of years ago and was all bummed out about the honor bar and not knowing that I couldn't just have a glass of wine without being charged for the whole bottle. We just got back from a 4-day stay while my husband was on business. And let me say that the hotel so far exceeded all expectations that any slight resentfulness I may have felt just vanished the moment we walked in. I loved our room. I loved the library where was sat and had a drink in the evenings, and watched the fire, where I could sit and work on my laptop during the day ... it's the perfect location and now that all London is gearing up for Christmas it's a lovely spot to enjoy all that the city has to offer. I love this hotel!!! We'll definitely be back. Or next time we're thinking of trying one of the other Firmdale properties. We also tried the french place across the street from the hotel, Mon Plaisir. Very good. I'd highly recommend the restaurant. Get reservations, but the place makes you feel like you're in Paris. No one even spoke english!	
Nov 6 2008 	Ticks all the boxes	Stayed 3 nights at start of November. Pricey, but the most like a home from home of any London hotels we've stayed in. We booked a luxury double (No. 207), which turned out to be larger than we expected, bright and comfortable, with 2 big windows overlooking Monmouth St. Excellent glazing, so very quiet. Great bed, linens and towels. Staff friendly and helpful.Nice breakfast. Location unbeatable. Would stay again in a hearbeat if my bank account could take the punishment.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great Small Hotel in London	Spent three nights at the Covent Garden and loved it. Only complaint is that the room heat was not manageable without opening the window. The system woud not lower the heat so we had to leave the window open with the resulting noise. Fortunately the street is not too noisy. The location was great and although the hotel is pricy not out of line for London. The staff was excellent and helpful in planning the day and evening activities. They coudn't have been nicer or more helpful. Will stay there again.	
Oct 15 2008	Stunning!	I stayed at this hotel last year while on business and loved it. Truly stunning, with great service and lovely rooms, this is a great hotel. It is in the heart of Covent Garden so its a perfect location too. I would definitely go back to this hotel.	
Aug 27 2008 	A great boutique hotel in the middle of Covent Garden	I booked this hotel as they are situated 100 paces from the restaurant where my friend's wedding reception was held. The price did give me pause, but I thought, hey, at least people could crash if they got completely hammered and couldn't find their way home. Very nice bell staff that walked us through the maze of halls and stairs to our room. Be warned that although rooms are on X floor, there still may be stairs up or down to your room. The room size was a complete shock. Not usual European, but more of an American executive sweet (sorry, suite, but you get my drift) size. The bed was sooooo comfortable. The linens were so soft and comfy. The towels were baby butt soft and the toiletries were so nice. EXCELLENT water pressure, too! Also, one of those funny bidet things. Double set of windows, so no street noise even though room was directly on Monmouth St. Smiles, smiles and more smiles from the front desk and concierges. The housekeeping staff a bit more reserved, but finally coaxed a couple of smiles out of them as well. All quite responsive to any questions asked. No snootiness from anyone. Small, but well-equipped gym in the basement. Freeweights and a couple of machines. Two treadmills, a bicycle and one elliptical. A couple of mats and a boxing bag. Bottled water available for free as well. Trainers also present.Restaurant had GREAT fresh food. They must have a great relationship with local farmers because the food was fresh fresh fresh. Everything was VERY VERY VERY expensive. 37 quid for parking, 48 quid for a couple of drinks at the bar and 37 quid for breakfast. But, if one is paying 400+ for a room, I guess it's just relative. All and all, if one can afford the rate, this luxurious place is a great place to stay right in the middle of Covent Garden. The location couldn't be any better. The staff and food is great. Lastly there is a gym to keep in shape so that you can impress Ms. Scarlett Johanssen the next time she stays here.	
Aug 18 2008 	simply outstanding	Simply outstanding. Rooms leave nothing to be desired and the service is exceptional. Excellent room service.	
Jul 6 2008 	The perfect hotel in a great location	We have stayed at this hotel three times now. It is our favorite place to return to. The staff is very helpful. They go out of their way to make sure you are happy with your stay. Some of the rooms were recently remodelled and they are beautiful! The restaurant was being renovated when we were there, so it was much smaller (temporarily). They anticipated it being ready in a month or so. We look forward to our visit next year!	
Jul 6 2008 	Luxurious and great location	I must say firstly that I visited this hotel with a journalist friend who had been given a freebie by the hotel PR.Consequently we had one of the suites (Scarlett Johannsen was in the other suite next door). Normaly I believe the suite we were in was about £1,500 per night.Definitely for special occasions only unless you are Hollywood star and the studio is paying for it!The suite had a sitting room, a study and a mezzanine level with the bedroom and bathroom overlooking the sitting room.Everything was absolutely gorgeous although I was a bit disappointed with the travel size Molton Brown toiletries in the bathroom as for that price I would have expected full size!We had dinner in the restaurant and it was well executed and the service exemplary. The bar is also a real treat and is somewhere that I have been several times with friends as it is a bit quieter than most places in that area and is a bit more sophisticated if you aren't 18!Really lovely hotel and best of all is the amazing location.Worst thing was the view-non-existent but huge windows- we actually were overlooked by office workers (it was a Friday) opposite all having a fag on the roof directly opposite.	
Jun 7 2008 	my favourite	charming, comfortable and one of my favourite places to stay in london!	
May 17 2008 	Wonderfully personal boutique hotel	We stayed for one night as a treat while my mum babysat our daughter at home. The late booking meant that they only had one room available - the smallest they had. It was indeed bijou, but also very comfortable and had everything we needed. The staff here are to be commended - friendly and professional - nothing is to much trouble. The front desk were charming. We did not eat in the restaurant but drinks in the bar managed to be both glamourous and relaxing. Breakfast in our room the following morning was a delight. The communal rooms on the first floor for guest use are beautiful and perfect for chilling out with a drink. The day we were leaving both my husband and I came down with a flu bug and in desperation we called to ask if they had any pain killers. They very kindly sent someone out to get them for us and they were delivered to our door within minutes. We couldn't fault this hotel - the location is perfecly central and we felt cosseted and spoilt the whole time we were there. We would go back in an instant.	
May 10 2008 	Great Location!	This is a small boutique hotel, but it offers a really pleasaant place to stay in the heart of London - location is first class. I booked this late and decided to treat my wife to a night in the west end. We both loved the modern chic ambiance and the staff were so helpful with nothing being too much trouble. Cocktails were great and really kick started our evening out. I cannot judge food other than breakfast - the selection was excellent and really enjoyable.The room was clean and well kept - we had a problem with our heating, but this was quickly rectified by a very helpful porter.If you are looking for personal service, this is the place for you, so rare in London nowadays! A thoroughly enjoyable night away in the bright lights - perfect location for theatres and restaurants. I would definitely return again.	
May 6 2008 	Excellent hotel and location	We stayed in the Covent Garden hotel for a long weekend over the May Bank Holiday, arriving on Friday and departing on Sunday. We booked a deluxe double for our stay and were in Room 6. Initially I was a bit disappointed with the room as it's on the ground floor and faces out onto Shaftesbury Avenue so you can see people on the buses going by! However, the quality of the room and the bathroom (plus the blinds, curtains and sound proofing in the room) is such that you soon forget exactly where you are as it's so quiet there!The check-in was very efficiency and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The location is fabulous as you're in the heart of Seven Dials and so it's no distance to go shopping in Covent Garden, or go down to Soho or to any of the theatres. Excellent location, but so bad for the wallet!We met some friends on the Saturday evening and it was no problem for them to meet us in the residents lounge for cocktails. The hotel was very accommodating in this regard.We had breakfast included in our room rate, and the breakfast is also great. Couple of niggles - it seems to take a long time for food to come out to you and so it's not too hot when it arrives. The buffet for the continental breakfast it great - there's lots of choice, but the honey pot that's out on display is full of honey so old that it's gone granular and it's impossible to get it out of the dish. But, small things in comparison to everything else.The shower in our room was to die for! I was drying my hair and I heard my partner getting into the shower. Then I heard the shower go off ... then two minutes later I heard it go back on again - yes, he'd got back in to the shower to have another go - it was that good!!We would definitely return to this hotel for another long weekend - just have to save up first!	
Apr 14 2008 	All Smiles at The Covent Garden	We decided to book on the basis of a really friendly and helpful reaction on the phone having also considered The St Martins Lane Hotel (went for the evening to Asia de Cuba, glad we didn't stay !!).The same smiley receptionist checked us in, when we got to our room we had obviously been upgraded to one of the best suites (loft suite)which was totally unexpected, fantastic split level room with two bathrooms and loads of space.Lunch was bistro style but well done, smiley and efficient.Great location for shopping and generally chilling out.Breakfast next day was not quite so well done, slow (very busy sunday) but again smiley staff and OK food.They do serve real, loose leaf tea which is a real pleasure these days.We would definately stay again,it is a small hotel but that was really part of the charm.	
Apr 11 2008 	Truly Boutique	When my husband and I first arrived I was slightly alarmed to see the small size and apparent informality of the lobby, but I need not have worried. This is a really nice hotel in a wonderful location, if you plan to go to go to any shows. Most of the theatres are within walking distance, even in the cold, March drizzle!Our room was lovely, with a good sized bath and great amenities.The finest thing about this hotel is the very young and accommodating staff. I was not feeling well for most of this trip, and they were very kind and considerate, right up to request for cereal at 10PM.The attached restaurant is quite good, in my opinion. It's no more expensive than any other good restaurant in London. They were willing to offer items that were not on the menu to accommodate my illness. In all, a friendly and helpful staff in a very nice, small hotel.	
Apr 1 2008	Never been so relaxed	My wife and I stayed at the covent garden hotel. We had originally booked for the week before,but our son became ill and we could not make it. Thanks to the kind support of the staff, (particularly Selvin), we were able to change our reservation more than once. When we did finally arrive we found we found the hotel and the staff both relaxing and helpfull. We would recomend to anyone.	
Mar 14 2008 	The VIP Experience	The Covent Garden Hotel is an object lesson in the renovation of an old building (in this case a former hospital) into a luxurious, modern boutique-hotel. Part of the success here is explained by the meticulous attention that has been paid to the detail: only genuine, high-quality materials have been used throughout; there is nothing ersatz – no fake marble columns made of plastic or anything tasteless or tacky. The rooms are sumptuously decorated and kitted out with a winning combination of antique furniture and mod cons (flat screen TVs, DVD players, fast Internet connection...). Bathrooms are designed in granite and are plush deluxe. In short, what you have here is the best of the old and the modern combined into one very elegant whole.If the accommodation is good, then the service is outstandingly good. The staff are young and enthusiastic, nothing seems too much trouble for them and as other reviewers have remarked, they remember your likes and dislikes from previous visits – they are so good at this it’s scary! The rooms are kept in impeccable order: bed linen and towels are changed every day, and when you return after going out at night you find that the maids have visited again to turn down the bed, turn on the bedside-lights and the radio to the channel of your choice. The service here is the best I have experienced at any hotel in the UKYou can also eat very well without leaving the building. The hotel restaurant, ‘Brasserie Max’, is a fine restaurant in its own right. It is probably best in the morning, when it serves a wide range of breakfast dishes, from traditional English to continental to vegetarian to vegan – there is even a Champagne option if you are in the mood. At nighttime, though, Brasserie Max is up against very stiff competition (Covent Garden is London’s restaurant and theatre land), and, to be honest, you could eat better elsewhere in the locality for the price. I would particularly recommend Incognico (sic), which is just round the corner in Shaftsbury Avenue and within easy walking distance. In summary, this is a luxurious boutique-hotel located right in the heart of the most entertaining part of London, offering outstanding service, superb accommodation and good food. Not surprisingly, this comes with a certain price tag. The least expensive room starts at £235 and by the time you add on tax and breakfast this bumps up to a hefty £300 ($600) per night. Clearly this is a hotel for people of means and this is indeed evidenced by the clientele (think of celebrities and their associates, media folk, international businessmen, wealthy American tourists… you get the picture). If you can afford it, though, you are in for a real treat.	
Mar 10 2008 	delightful hotel and great location	I stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel last weekend for my birthday. This hotel is in a superb location just off seven dials in Covent Garden and is gorgeous - how often I have had to sacrifice lovely rooms for great location. But at the Covent Garden Hotel (CGH) both were great. I also got a very warm “happy birthday” at check in.The hotel is beautifully designed by Kit Kemp and each room is individual. Apparently Kit oversees every element in every room and I can certainly say that ours was lovely – beautiful soft furnishings and lots of personality. The smellies broke from the boutique norm of Molton Brown and L’Occitane with Miller Harris’ delightful range. The room was beautifully laid out with a cosy sofa and lovely lamps – it felt very English in an unstuffy way. The bedroom was big by London standards and had a canopied (and very large) bed which was unexpected. I have stayed at the sister property the Charlotte Street Hotel which was equally lovely also. The CGH has a restaurant onsite and 24hr room service. Whilst we didn’t eat in the restaurant I can say that the food was good from room service (and prompt too!). We had drinks in the bar with friends before going out (to my birthday party) and on our return – the cocktail menu is great and the wine list wasn’t all at the top end - a good mix in terms of price.Only downside – we didn’t have long enough to take advantage of all the bells and whistles, we were offered a complimentary massage which at any other time I would have leapt at! But I had a birthday party to go to. Also I found the bed a little bit hard although my husband thought it was spot on.Lovely stay and I’ll be back.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great Boutique Hotel	We mainly picked the hotel for the location - which was great.Probably didnt spend as much time in the hotel as I would have liked as we were too busy shopping.Very nice lounge and bar on the first floor and the breakfast was very good - small restaurant , but intimate and staff very friendlyThe room was stylish although the view from the window was not great - over a fire escapeI spend a lot of time staying in chain hotels for business and so it was a lovely change to stay somewhere a bit more personalWould recommend it for a weekend stay in London	
Feb 24 2008 	Wow !!	I have just returned from a birthday weekend trip to London for a show and city break. Apart from the fact that I was going to London all was a surprise. The show I saw was really good, but the hotel was awesome !!Lovely room, GORGEOUS shower, excellent facilities within the room. Dinner was in the hotel restaurant. Excellent. Breakfast was also lovely, plentiful and varied.We spent a while, after dinner, in the drawing room. We were lucky to have the place to ourselves which allowed for a thorough inspection. I am aware of some concerns that have been recorded in respect to the charges for the &quot;honesty bar&quot;. We made no use of the bar in order to avoid any risk of trouble this morning.All in all a truly lovely hotel with excellent facilities, an excellent location, freebies like the relaxation bath sachet for the ladies, a short complimentary head &amp; neck massage for first time visitors (of which I didn't take advantage).12 out of 10 in summary.	
Feb 6 2008 	Lovely	Myself and a work collegue stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel February 2007 for 2 nights.My room was lovely, clean and very quiet and beds were super comfortable. Turn down service included a small gift box containing a lavendar scented relaxation kit (oil and little goodies to relax before going to bed!) My work collegue got a box of chocolates as her gift!The Concierge was great, I contacted him prior to my arrival and he booked our restaurant reservations in advance. Front desk and check in was a breeze.I had breakfast and lunch at the restaurant located in the lobby, I still dream about those warm blueberry muffins!Hotel is great, centrally located within walking distance to shopping, theatre, restaurants and tube station.Enjoy!	
Jan 29 2008 	Perfect hotel!	My boyfriend treated me to a weekend in London for my birthday and we stayed here at the convert garden hotel. On arrival we were warmly greeted. Then got wished a happy birthday from simon on check in (my boyfriend must had mentioned this when he booked) which i thought was really nice that they remembered.They also told us as this was our first visit to the hotel, we both would recieve a completmentary back and shoulder massage consisting of 15minutes for free! What a lovely suprise - just was soo gutted as we just never got the time to take it! Busy weekend planed! Got shown to our room which was lovely! It was room 317 which was a junior suite. Very spacious, had a flat screen satilite tv, a living space with table and a massive bath with seperate shower. Very lovely room indeed! Room comes with bath robes, slippers, hairdryer and radio. Nice touches were everytime we went out/came back they remembered our names and asked us about our day ect. Then When we returned from our day out, we found a lovely box of chocolates wrapped in a bow with a card saying that the hotel hoped we had seatled in ok and wishing us a lovely evening! What a nice thing to do!!Then when we returned after dinner and a night on the town, all our curtains had been pulled, radio turned on low and some lavender spray for a peacefull nights sleep. The breakfast was lovely! We had a full english included which we could have had in our room if we wished. The fruit juice was perfectly squeezed, and they had a buffet of toast, bagels, cold meat, crumpets, cereal and fruit which we could help ourselfs to aswell. Overal - the hotel was wonderful. Really attentive and personal and i would love to come back here! Really made my birthday. Just perfect.The desk staff even gave us a map and pin pointed a few really good bars to go to! Very friendly indeed. Dining tip - my boyfriend booked up the stunning resturant 'clos maggoires' which was a 4minute walk from this hotel. What a resturant!! Beautful french food in a wonderful decor! Really the most romantic resturant i have ever been in, especailly in the conservatory with a burning log fire (defo ask to be seated in there!) Our bill was £130 but you get what you pay for! Would recomend this resturant to anybody, and this was the place who recomended the hotel to my boyfriend.	
Jan 3 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	What a hotel. I have now stayed at 5 of these hotels in London they are fantastic but this is the favourite because of location	
Jan 3 2008 	Perfect as Always	The attention one receives at this hotel is unmatchable. Everything is perfect. They can't do enough for you and remember your likes and dislikes from stay to stay. The rooms are beautiful and immaculate, with a size not often seen in London hotels. It is a far better value than other luxury hotels in London. Includes an amazing breakfast and the area could not be more perfect. Stay nowhere else in London. You will NEVER be disappointed at the Covent Garden Hotel. I only wish I could live there!	
Dec 31 2007 	My enthusiasm is waning	I have stayed at the Covent Garden many times in the past seven years, including four stays in 2007 alone. I have usually been very pleased, and have previously posted an admiring review. This last time, however, the hotel let me down. The voicemail service was not working. I received several calls during my stay and the caller left a message, which was completely indeciferable when I listened to the voicemail. The hotel first assured me that the problem was with the caller's mobile phone, so I had Nicky at the concierge desk call me and leave me a message -- and when he found that he could not do so, the hotel finally admitted that it was a problem with its system. When their maintenance staff was unable to fix the problem, they moved me to a different room. I asked the hotel to check their records to see if they could recover the numbers of the persons who called me, but they were unable to do so, and I never did find out who had called. I expect better service in a world class hotel like this one.	
Nov 22 2007 	Understated Elegance	My husband &amp; I stayed at this hotel with our young children while visiting family in Europe. Our stay was memorable because of the lovely accomodations, attention to detail &amp; professional, warm staff. This is definitely our favorite hotel in London.	
Nov 4 2007	Wonderful Stay at the Covent Garden Hotel	My sister and I stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel for 6 nights in early October. The hotel staff are extremely friendly and helpful. We stayed in room #5 which was quite large and had a high ceiling, large closet and comfortable sitting area. The bed was nice - not too hard, not too soft. We had a wonderful early dinner at the hotel's restaurant on our first night at the hotel. The concierge was very knowledgeable about the area's restaurants, shops and tours and provided us with great restaurants choices in a variety of price ranges. On the downside, the daily internet charge is outrageously expensive, we would recommend logging on only if you have to (or are on expense account). The hotel is centrally located and close to great shopping, theaters and pubs. The hotel is expensive; there are more reasonably priced cafes, pubs and restaurants around the hotel for meals, but we feel that the location and service are worth the price. We will definitely stay at the Covent Garden Hotel the next time we travel to London.	
Jul 23 2007 	Pure unadulterated luxury.	Stunning. Beautiful room (we stayed i the Junior suite) with everything you could ask of a top hotel including a wonderful bathroom with plenty of storage space. The staff were wonderful, friendly &amp; helpful and the location is unbeatable.This is an hotel that hides itself away and when you stay there you feel like you have discovered a rare gem.The only downside was lack of tea &amp; coffee making facilities - but with so much on your doorstep why would you want to stay in your room?!	
Jul 1 2007 	Luxury but at a price	This is unarguably a truly luxurious place to stay, and in a great location, but it is also unarguably expensive.There are no facilities to make tea or coffee in the room; the room service tea for two cost not much under £10.I checked the online price, which included breakfast, but booked by phone to make sure I got a twin, rather than a double. When I settled the bill, it was roughly what I expected.A few days later, without the courtesy of a call, I received in the post a credit card receipt (not authorised by me) for payment for the seriously over-priced breakfast, which they 'had forgotten'.The staff are young and pleasant, but I was surprised to hear the response to an American guest asking where to exchange currency. I would have expected the hotel to offer to arrange it for her; instead she was given uselesssly complicated instructions on how to get to the nearest branch of Marks &amp; Spencer.I suspect that, as the meeting place of choice for media and theatre people, it has things slightly too easy, and is a little too pleased with itself.	
May 22 2007	Simply the best !!	Covent Garden Hotel is simply the best.For me and my husband, staying at the Govent Garden Hotel was a great experience.The service is first class, and the staff is allways helpfull.The restaurant serves great meals and good wine.The entire Hotel includning the Rooms are tastefull decoratede, and the comfort is first class.The Covent Garden Hotel is placed ind the Center of London and yet it feels nice and quietWe give Covent Garden Hotel our best recommendation !C.S. Johansen	
May 20 2007 	Excellent hotel and great staff	I have visitet a lot of Hotels but Govent Garden Hotel is the best.The Location is great, you are in the middle of everything and near the Theater District.The hotel has big rooms, great beds, lovely bathrooms and super service from a very helpful and world class staff. The restaurant is perfect, not to big and not to small and have a very great menu. The breakfast is very delicious with lots of fresh fruits, youghurts, cereals, bread, muffins, croissants, cheeses, juice, tea and coffee.The drawing room is beautiful with a really well stocked bar.Just a amazing stay.	
May 15 2007 	One of the best hotels in London	The Covent Garden Hotel is by far one of the best in London. It is a small boutique hotel with big hotel 5 star service. One of the first things you will notice is that it is very expensive, but you get what you pay for. I stayed in a deluxe double room and found the room to be spacious and clear - particularly the bathroom. The concierge were helpful and met all of our needs when needing information or booking excursions. Housekeeping was also suburb. Anyone on the staff would bend over backwards to ensure you are getting what you need and are happy. I would definitely stay here again when in London, in fact - I can't imagine staying anywhere else By the way, their website hardly does it justice - the hotel is beautiful.	
Mar 11 2007	Room #1 Rules!!!!	Based on trip advisor reviews, we booked the Covent Garden. It lived up to its promise. We were offered an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a basement room(we looked at each other in doubt). When we saw room #1 we took it at once. We felt at home and unpacked immediately. The bed was like a cloud, the bathroom immaculate and spacious, clever art, and pure charm. The staff was dedicated and very helpful in getting around town. The room makes you want to conduct your business in the morningand return for an afternoon nap. We fell in love again at this special place. We happened to be at the hotel during BAFTA and openedthe door one morning to find that our basement neighbor (room #2) had been nominated for an Oscar. We've booked the hotel again and can't wait. A great hotel in a great city!	
Mar 2 2007 	Recommended: high quality good location	The hotel is very nicely situated between Shaftesbury and Seven Dials on Monmouth St, right across the street from the Monmouth Coffee Shop and very near the Neals Yard cheese shop. It is within easy walking distance of Piccadilly, Soho, the West End theatres, Bloomsbury, and Fitzrovia. It is also close to the Covent Garden underground station and to buses.The hotel is extremely nicely furnished with original touches that take it out of the ordinary. It is a pleasure to walk into. The drawing room on the first floor is inviting. My room (212) was very tastefully furnished, with colors and patterns and textures that harmonized interestingly. The decoration scheme is thought out and individual. The room had high ceilings but was small. It was fine for one person; it would be uncomfortably small for two people. The room looked out onto Shaftesbury but the double-glazing kept street noise to a minimum during the 4 nights of my stay. There was no internal noise.Task lighting is minimal - two lamps with low wattage bulbs. No doubt they would have substituted higher wattage bulbs had I asked. The overhead chandelier cast a rather harsh light. There are no clocks in the room but they supplied one upon my request. The bedding was comfortable and firm, with high-quality linens. The armchair was somewhat rigid and less comfortable than one would like.The closet was supplied with enough hangers for one person for a 4-day stay; they of course will supply more upon request. There is somewhat minimal drawer space.There are the usual amenities, including a good quality bathrobe and absorbent towels. The tub is large, with an unusually strong shower - up to US standards - that the drain cannot quite keep up with. The toiletries are by Miller Harris - I would recommend a different brand or a different choice of perfume within the brand.The staff are young, accommodating, competent, and eager to be of service. They remember one's name and one's plans and follow through on requests. They are a plus of the hotelThere is a laptop with free internet access available for use in the front desk area. In one's room, wireless is not free and the cost seemed high.Upon being shown the honesty bar next to the drawing room I said, &quot;Oh, I read about this.&quot; The staff person said, nodding his head, &quot;The Trip Advisor comment.&quot; He showed me that the prices were clearly posted and said that people sometimes did not keep track of the number of times that they topped up their glasses. He noted that there was a video camera recording usage.I looked at their website and saw that their lowest price (220 pounds) was not listed as available for the time of my stay. I emailed them directly and asked for a room at that price and received it.London probably has the dreariest, most expensive, noisiest, and smallest hotel rooms of any major city. The Covent Garden Hotel is the one that I have most enjoyed staying at - with comparisons including the Connaught and Durrants. It has best maximized location and quality within its price range. I recommend it.	
Feb 15 2007 	Fantastic	Stayed here last night on a whim and really enjoyed it. The room (Deluxe Double) was spectacular, huge bed, plasma TV, stunning bathroom. The drawing room is beautiful and the honesty bar really well stocked. Room service breakfast was delicious with a great range of options (continental, fry up, eggs, pancakes, porridge, cereals, waffles, french toast, fruit - I could go on and on!)Staff were very friendly and helpful. We didnt have any problems with overcharging for the honesty bar, but I can see how this could happen. There were two groups in the bar last night, both seemingly recording their purchases properly, but I can see how disputes could arise, especially if people drink a lot and get a bit hazy about what they have had. The staff do come in frequently to keep an eye on it. All in all, amazing stay, shame it was just a quick overnight, we will definitely be going back!	
Feb 7 2007	Lovely rooms nice concierges good location doing some things quite badly	Located in cheerful, slightly bohemian Monmouth Street in the northern part of Covent Garden, this is a very central hotel, with comfortable, quality rooms, nice beds, clean, efficient and well run by a team of friendly, helpful and committed young concierges who deserve plaudits for their energy and attitude.There are however some problems people visitors should be aware of. Food - room service food is not particularly good quality, as with many central London hotels (and British hotels generally) - so we tried breakfast room. Cooked breakfasts were terribly bland - my omelette, advertised as &quot;free range eggs and chef standard&quot; tasted like cardboard if cardboard had a taste, which this did not. My companion had to leave her poached eggs as uneatable. The following day breakfast (Sunday morning - I should have guessed!) was chaotic. No tables were available - directed to one being cleared. Eventually it was. No bowl; bowl found which turned out to be grubby. No spoon. Eventually (after asking three times) one was brought. Similar tasteless fare.The &quot;honesty&quot; bar appears to be used as an over-charging point by reception on checkout - I was forced to dispute no fewer than three different overcharges, including an entirely fabricated room service charge for something we never had plus excessive car parking charges I was not warned about in advance.The luxurious &quot;gentleman's club&quot;-style drawing room, which could have been a nice haven of calm, turned out to be typically full of businessmen holding large noisy discussions on their latest deals in Dubai - evidently the hotel allow non-guests to hold business meetings in there. Got really sick of their annoying sales patter, totally ruined what promised to be a relaxing Sunday early evening - astonishing that they allow this.Rooms at the back of the hotel are against noisy Shaftesbury Avenue which features non-stop police sirens and motorbikes through the night.Overall - very, very nice bedrooms and good central location but not anywhere near as good as the hype.	
Feb 1 2007	Simply Wonderful	This is a fantastic small boutique hotel. It's now our favorite in London. My wife and I spent 5 days at this property in January and we couldn't have been more pleased. It's in the heart of Covent Garden with loads of dining, shopping and entertainment choices. We had a stylish junior suite which offered pleanty of space, a plasma TV and a wonderful granite bathroom. The contemporary bathroom was spotless, with both a separte tub and shower, (loads of hot water). The very comfortable bed with top notch bed linens made us want to stay in bed all day.The staff at the hotel were spectacular; the kind that are there when you need them but not hovering around or intrusive. The concierge was extermely helpful and knowledgable with some excellent dining suggestions.Apparently earlier in the week we arrived there had a flood in the lobby and the brasserie. The old floor was taken up and the brasserie was closed as they were in the process of laying a new floor. Despite this problem the staff dealt with the situation by serving breakfast in the drawing room. It was a bit awkward for the guests but we had no complaints. By the last day of our stay the new floor was down and the brasserie was reopened.This hotel is expensive, however it was truly worth the price. A wonderful hotel for a romatic getaway.	
Jan 23 2007 	great room staff location!	Me and my sister just had a wonderful 3 night stay at this hotel.Very warm welcome, free upgrade, gift card for a complimentary massage, handwritten welcome note in room with a small box of aromatherapy oils. We had a room facing Shaftesbury Avenue, but thanks to the doube glazing the room was completely silent. The room itself was very spacious with lots of drawers and storage space, lovely furniture (sofa, chairs, coffee table and VERY comfortable beds) and lighting and the bathroom... just wonderful.We got a very good Winter Rate which included breakfast. We could have had full English breakfast but chose the Continental - very delicious with lots of fresh fruits, youghurts, cereals, bread, muffins, croissants, cheeses, juice, tea and coffee.The stay was a pre baby treat for my sister, and due to the fact that she is 6 months pregnant she was naturally very tired in the evening. The flat screen tv and the dvd library (free of charge) really came in handy. It was great going out for a nice dinner and then come back, choose a film and relax...What makes this hotel truly wonderful is the staff - they are helpful, friendly and want to make sure that you have a wonderful stay. And, of course, the location can't be beat - you are in the middle of everything.One minor thing was the view from our room - quite uninspiring, next time I will ask for a room facing Monmouth Street. But then again, we were not in London to look out of our hotel windows... and we truly had a great stay and can't wait to come back (but it will take a couple of years for my sister to have a weekend off for London shopping!).	
Jan 22 2007 	Covent Garden - simply fantastic	We spent a few days as part of our honeymoon in the Covent Garden Hotel in London. It was simply fantastic.The hotel is very near to the SOHO, only a few minutes walk. It is situated in a nice, friendly street, you can hardly notice it.The personell are all well-trained, polite and friendly. The hotel is modern and traditionally English at the same time. Our room was not big, but it looked nice. My husband really liked the big plasma tv.The bathroom was full of mirrors and with marvell furniture.We had breakfast with our room, which meant we could choose from the food put out. But we had to pay extra for ordering from the menu. We had dinner in the restaruant of the hotel as well, it was just excellent.The hotel also has a nice salon and a library with a gas-fired mantelpiece on the first floor, where you can walk up using an old, traditional staircase.We haven't tried the beauty salon and the aroma-therapy, though they are poud of having them.	
Jan 8 2007 	Home Away From Home	Our second 7 night stay. Brilliant as always. Great everything, wonderful breakfast. Why would anyone stay anywhere else? Also, though its not cheap, its half of what other top London hotels charge!	
Jan 4 2007 	Xmas Let Down !!	Booked Hotel having seen the Christmas package they had to offer, which included the following:-Mince Pies &amp; Mulled Wine on Arrival : Not offeredBack &amp; Head Massage per Guest : Not available Xmas Day of Boxing DayChampagne &amp; Canapes ; Sent to room instead of above massageViewing of White Christmas or Its A Wonderful Life : Both had been screened by 5.00pm. (Offered private viewing at 10.00pm but had been travelling since 6.30am so too late)On arrival at the Bar for Christmas Day lunch, no Southern Comfort available, made alternative choice from Wine List, also unavailable.Unable to use the Honesty Bar within the Hotel as a group of youngsters had booked the adjoining room.Had our stay been for any other occassion, it would have probably been lovely, however, felt rather let down that the Christmas Package was not what was advertised.	
Jan 4 2007 	Almost Perfect	I would just add the following to the other very accurate reviews and have stayed at the hotel several times in the past few years:Concierge is excellent, very helpful and capable, quality of reception staff also high. The rooms are of a very high standard and the bathrooms in particular are the most clean of any hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel is of a nice size - large enough to have the facilities, small enough to offer good personal service. The design of the rooms is very idiosyncratic - they are all different, all of a high standard. There is just one negative - the quality of service in the hotel restaurant in the mornings significantly dips when they are at full capacity and the waiting time can be over-long - I'd recommend eating there at a relatively early time or ordering room service until they address this issue and perhaps assign more waiting staff/train their staff to work more effectively as a team. Otherwise a great choice.	
Jan 2 2007 	Excellent through out	A night away from 3 children is worth pushing the boat out for but so often &quot;luxury &quot; hotels fail to live up to expectations. The Covent Garden however passed the test. The room was perfect, high ceilings, four poster bed, beautifully furnished throughout. Bathroom was spotless.The staff were attentive and pleasant throughout, housekeeping arrived within 2 minutes to press our clothes for that evening and nothing was too much trouble.Great location too, 5 minute walk from Royal Opera House and although in central London our room (on the 3rd floor) was very quiet. Not a cheap night out but all in all a very pleasant experience.	
Jan 1 2007 	Wow!!	I could not believe our hotel room when we walked in - it was amazing!! The room was breath taking, it was very large and the bed was huge! The staff were helpful and welcoming, even when called out late at night. We are planning to go back this year but for even longer!! THE HOTEL DEFINITELY HAS THE WOW FACTOR	
Dec 29 2006 	Fantastic - as always!	Stayed here for the 5th time in 3 years - and it keeps getting better! My husband and I went on a work/long weekend break; but it always feels like a mini holiday when your there. The staff were there usual friendly self and are always thinking ahead - even of the guests. I sent my parents there earlier this year as a treat, they loved it so much they've been back already. What bigger compliment can one pay?Thanks again to the staff for so many memories and nice surprises.	
Dec 26 2006 	Happiness	With all the movies and articles about Happiness ,there is one place where one can find true Happiness which is at the Covent Garden Hotel.When you walk in the door all the staff greet you by your name and welcome you or welcome you back. Helle who runs the hotel with the grace and exactness of a prima ballarina leaves no stone underturned where happiness is concerned. In the Brasserie, they dont just serve you a glass of wine, but little bowls of nuts,olives and sometimes at night, petiite fours. In the Library, where you can have meetings, a glass of wine, or read a book, it is so cozy you might just want to move in forever(who needs a morgage). The rooms are tasteful and cozy and if you are allergic to feathers, you dont even have to ask for the pillows, they already know. The most amazing quality though is the staff, where in the world will they sincerely great you, welcome you, know your tastes and have the ice there before you have to ask for it,or know the kinds of places you would like to go to while in London.The Covent Garden is no more expensive than most of the good hotels in London, put you get so much more.If you want the ultimate massage, Jenny who practices a combination of deep tissue and Japanese acupressure, will provide the most subline experience. Happiness is the Covent Garden Hotel in London.	
Dec 7 2006 	Fantastic	Cannot recommend this hotel enough. The Staff are excellent particularly Justin the Reception Manager and Tyron one of the door men.....They cannot do enough for you.Fantastic location aswell.	
Dec 3 2006 	A weekend well spent	Booked 2 nights in a deluxe room at the Covent Garden Hotel. First night we were on the Shaftesbury Avenue side on the ground floor. Unfortunately although the road noise was not a problem, sirens from a number of police cars during the night interrupted our sleep. I cannot fault the staff who were extremely pleasant and helpful particularly the duty manager Simon.We asked to be moved for the second night and received a free upgrade to a luxury room on the lower ground floor which was much quieter. The luxury room was much larger than the deluxe room and I would recommend to anyone to spend the £20 extra a night for the luxury room which was similar to a junior suite.The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms spotless. Another nice touch was the DVD library.In the past we have stayed in the West End but really enjoyed Covent Garden and its more cosmopolitan flavour.	
Nov 25 2006 	Fantastic Hotel!!	Well what a brilliant stay we had. From the moment you step into the foyer and your bags are whisked away from you to departure this hotel was an absolute joy . The rooms are sumptuous, the food is wonderful but what really makes this hotel special is the fantastic staff. They seem to have a natural enthusiasm for making you feel comfortable that is completely unforced. It is rather like staying at someone's grand home.It's not cheap but we thought it worth every penny.	
Nov 9 2006	faultess again	Our second visit here in 18 months. The staff reallly do make this hotel. The main thing we noticed was how virtually all front of house staff were there 18 months earlier. Proving the point that good staff are worth hanging on to.Room impeccable, spotlessley clean bathroom.Defiantely still the best hotel in London.	
Oct 29 2006 	Little slice of heaven	We have just returned from a decadent 2 night stay at the Covent Garden Hotel. Our second visit, it was booked as a birthday/ pre baby arrival treat and I have to say we were utterly spoiled from start to finish. My other half decided to push the boat out and upgrade us to a deluxe double. When we arrived however, knowing it was my birthday, the hotel gave us a free upgrade to their four poster suite (rack rate £600 per night!). This beautiful room boasts the largest bed in London which at eight foot in width was only around 3 foot off the width of our whole bedroom at home! Had a top class dinner in the hotel's Brasserie Max on Friday night and slept like a couple of logs in the stupendous bed. On both mornings, thanks to the black out curtains, we slept in late and enjoyed a delicious and piping hot cooked breakfast delivered to our room by the friendly and helpful room service staff.Its excellent location means you are literally seconds away from the boutiques of Covent Garden and of course theatreland and I thoroughly recommend it for a special occasion.We will definitely be back, thank you to the Covent Garden Hotel for a memorable weekend.	
Oct 25 2006 	Best in London	Quite simply a perfect city hotel, they get all the details right and have an excellent attitude towards their clients.Great library/drinks room and honesty bar, it's expensive, not the biggest rooms and not always a great view, but the quality of everything is so high you don't notice.Lovely breakfasts and location couldn't be better.	
Oct 7 2006 	Elegant	This hotel is simply beautiful with its regal décor which makes you feel like you are in an old country manor.The staff and service is implacable. We booked the film club package which includes a night in the hotel, a 3 course meal, a film viewing in the hotels own cinema, and breakfast the next morning.My wife and I enjoyed the experience so much we didn’t want to leave thee hotel the next morning which we spent watching DVD’s from the hotels extensive DVD library.	
Sep 21 2006 	Best Hotel in London!	I've been coming to London for years, and have stayed a wide variety of excellent hotels. The Covent Garden puts them all to shame. It's quiet, private, and intimate indoors, but you step out the door and you're in the heart of Covent Garden shopping and theatre. We stayed for six nights and were sad to leave. The staff was attentive and helpful without being intrusive. The night concierge, Christian, is truly a treasure and we wanted to take him home with us! The entire staff goes out of their way to make sure you have what you need and what you want. The rooms are quietly luxurious, with a sense of whimsy and fun. They aren't ostentatious or &quot;hey look at me!&quot; in any way, but just solid luxury and attention to detail. This hotel is amazing, a hidden gem, and I doubt we will be staying anywhere else in our future trips.	
Sep 21 2006 	Great Service Great Room	Outstanding room and service. We stayed in a deluxe double which was large by most hotel standards, and ‘ginormous’ by London Standards. The room had a beautiful bathroom with a huge shower. It’s also in a great neighborhood, in the Theater District and close to many pubs and restaurants. We asked the concierge to call a taxi for us to Heathrow, and they surprised us with a driver and Mercedes S class at the same cost as a taxi (50 Pounds). One thing of note, for as nice as the hotel and service was, they charged daily (20 pounds) for wireless internet. It felt like ‘nickel and diming’ and I think it’s beneath the quality of this place. Having said that, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 20 2006	Couldn't be better	My husband and I could not be happier with our recent stay. We were in town for three days to see friends and sample some theatre. Comments about the service are absolutely right. The young staff has clearly been directed to be personable and utterly helpful and this is carried off with an ease of graciousness that makes you feel well taken care of but not fawned over. Our room (deluxe double category) was spacious and very comfortable and was more elegantly and understatedly decorated than some of the website photos led me to expect. The bar is charming and a great place to gather with friends for a post-theatre nosh and cocktails. You may even make new friends - we did. The 24 hour gym had everything we needed (we mostly had it to ourselves) and the onsite masseuse is a great plus.	
Sep 19 2006 	My favorite hotel in the world	This was our second time at this hotel and the service was still the best I've ever had anywhere. The hotel has a great location, great staff, big rooms. Everything's perfect. I can't rave about it enough. It's our home away from home.	
Aug 28 2006 	Hotel excellent staff even better!	My wife and I stayed at The Covent Garden Hotel for our 10th Wedding Anniversary and had a superb time. The hotel staff were among the most courtious and professional young staff I have ever met. ( I frequent many 5* hotels with work ) It was the staff in particular who help make this hotel. We were regularly greeted by our first names and staff automatically knew which room we were in etc for bar drinks etc. The hotel also operates a honesty bar which gives residents 'quiet time' in glorioius surroundings! Also allows the hubbies to act tom Crusie from Cocktail!!! My only real criticism was the size of our room which held a HUGE bed but was an awkward shape for such a huge bed ( Rm 309 ). I have travelled all over the world staying in many 5* hotels from The Mandarin Oriental in Bangkok to The Livingstone Hotel in Zambia and this little hotel on my doorstep surely matches them for people feel good factor! Keep up the good work guys - thanks!!	
Jul 12 2006 	Wonderful	Stayed here on business but really, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here on vacation. Beautiful decor, big rooms (especially for London), great bathrooms and the staff were superb. We had some issues getting up north because of the closing of Kings Cross and the concierge (Jack?) moved heaven and earth to get us to our meeting on time. The entire staff really is wonderful. The bar downstairs is lovely. Good atmosphere and great drinks! Food was good too - the couple of times I ate at the hotel. Location is ideal. No criticisms at all. Yes, it's expensive but this is London we're talking about, and it is worth every penny.	
Jun 30 2006 	Adored it	I stayed here as a Londoner, so my perspective as a local girl spending a night in her hometown may not be the same as a visitor passing through. However, I was completely thrilled by pretty much everything this hotel did from the minute we entered the reception. Staff were efficient, warm and helpful. We were fortunate enough to be upgraded to a roof terrace suite which was a lovely surprise, but I am sure we would have been captivated by the hotel even if we hadn't been spoiled. The staff we encountered were universally friendly and responsive - they have the art of customer service down to a tee. The decor of the huge suite in which we stayed wasn't to my personal taste, but heck who's complaining? Everything worked brilliantly - even the small but important details, like gaps between the curtains, controllable temperature and sensibly placed sockets were ideal. All in all, this local guest with a rather jaded view of London was left with a renewed sense that hotels in this city can get it right - the Covent Garden Hotel is proof. If anyone asks now where I'd recommend in London, this place is my default option. Superb.	
Jun 13 2006	Great Location	This was my first trip to London and I wanted to stay in a centrally located hotel within walking distance of shops, restuarants, etc. Based on reader reviews I chose The Covent Garden Hotel. I couldn't have been more pleased. This hotel has the charm of a small hotel with all the amenities you would expect from a larger chain hotel. The staff was friendly, the room had a great view from the fourth floor and contrary to other reviews, I heard no street noise at all. Could be do to the fact that I faced Monmouth Street.I made use of the internet computer in the lobby and the honor bar in the cozy drawing room. Covent Garden shops, theatres and pubs are all within walking distance. The Covent Garden Hotel helped make my first experience in London memorable. I can't wait to go back.	
Jun 4 2006	Could not have asked for more!	I booked a one night stay for my parents, together with a theatre break, and the feedback from them was fantastic. They found the staff extremely helpful, particular mention to those working on the door, who were friendly and charming. The room was fantastic as was the breakfast. I had made a note on the internet booking that the stay was for my mother's birthday, and when my parents returned on Saturday evening a card from the manager was in their room along with some strawberries, wishing my mother a Happy Birthday, a very nice touch.A great hotel, the only downside is that they want to go back!Great Location, Friendly and Luxurious - Could not be faulted!	
May 30 2006	Superb Modern British hotel	We live in London and stay in the Firmdale hotels from time to time as a treat. I wish Kit Kemp (who owns this hotel along with her husband) was available to decorate our apartment. Her take on modern British is lovely and -- more important -- genuinely comfortable. I agree with all the positive reviews, but I have two slight complaints. First, VAT (value added tax -- 17.5 percent) is not included in the room prices they quote. This diverges from the practice of most UK hotels and can come as a bit of a surprise if you're not expecting it. Second, the rooms facing Shaftsbury Ave. (we had no. 5) have double glazed windows, but you can definitely still hear the traffic noise. Ask for a quieter room if you're a light sleeper.Otherwise, enjoy this superb hotel, along with Mon Plaisir restaurant, directly opposite. (Convenient when it's raining, as you don't even need an umbrella to go &quot;out&quot; for dinner!)	
May 3 2006	Wonderful Charming Hotel!	My fiance and I chose the Covent Garden Hotel after reading the reviews online. It was a wonderful little hotel located on a quiet street in a very conveinent location. You forget you are in central london and just across the way from the British Museum and a quick walk to the tube. The staff was very helpful and kind. We elected for the Bloomsbury Rooms and were NOT disappointed. UK hotel rooms are always small - but sometimes outdated. The Covenant Garden rooms were very tiny but so charming, well decorated and very comfortable. We travel a lot and have stayed in a lot of hotels, but we were very pleased with our stay here and would stay here again. Compared to prices for more costly hotels in London, this is a good rate with great hospitality and posh English charm. Worth a stay!	
Apr 30 2006	Good but Expensive	Near the heart of Covent Garden. Perfect location for theater, National Gallery, Courtauld, British Museum and restaurants. Well-maintained. Large rooms and bathrooms. Small exercise room. Very pleasant staff. Very good restaurant; light breakfast included in rate. Request an upper floor room oriented away from noisy Shaftesbury road. An expensive, very comfortable lodging without the stuffiness of better known Mayfair or St. James hotels.	
Apr 18 2006	Definitive Boutique Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Covenet Garden Hotel for a birthday treat and a one night stay away from the children. We live in London and know its hotels pretty well, but this hotel lived up to its high billing on Trip Adviser and should be on anyones list when considering where to stay. It is well located for culture, shopping and theatre, the staff are polite and helpful, the decor is grand yet comfortable and the overall feel (even for just one night) is relaxing. Highlky recommended.	
Apr 7 2006	Fabulous weekend stay but pricey	My girlfriend and I stayed two nights (Friday and Saturday) at the Covent Garden Hotel. We had a wonderful stay and would pick three things that stand out - fabulous attentive but not overpowering service, the location which is unbeatable, and the honesty bar which is a really good and convinient feature. We had a superior double which was immaculately turned out.Although I travel a lot with business we personally wouldn't usually spend this sort of money for a weekend break - this was a special occasion. In that spirit we didn't think twice the whole weekend, at the honesty bar, the better half had a beauty treatment etc.We paid just over £250 per night for the room. Although everything was perfect and the location spot on, in our view any city hotel anywhere in the world would struggle to do something so fabulously suprising or different to justify that price. Pick it up and put it right on an exotic beach then it would be a different story.At nearer £200 per night we would have come away feeling we had also got top value and hence would give five stars, so its a fabulous four and a half stars only. If money is not an issue for you then this is certainly one of the best few hotels in London so we would certainly recommend it, particularly if your activities are mainly in the Covent Garden area.A final note: the french restaurant 'Mon Plaisir' is directly opposite and is excellent.	
Mar 30 2006	Best hotel in London	I have been coming to the Covent Hotel for years and it is the best hotel in London I have stayed in (better than all the big name places like The Metropolitan, Mandarin Hyde Park, Dorchester, Savoy). The hotel is high quality throughout -- particularly the private lounge/bar area is superb after dinner. The restaurant serves good bistro food and the private diniing room is good for small parties.	
Mar 12 2006	Its really very pleasant but ...	After all of the rave reviews, and it being consistently number 1 on this site, I thought that it was about time we gave this hotel a try.Of course our expectations were &quot;sky high&quot; and perhaps that didn't help.It is very very nice indeed and very well located for Covent Garden [obviously] but actually I preferred the same group's &quot;Soho Hotel&quot; [but that isn't quite so well located].The room was very good, but we could certainly hear traffic and car alarms during the night.The concierge staff were superlative [and most particularly James] indeed all of the staff [apart from one waiter who made us feel positively uncomfortable because he was SO haughty] were really very friendly.We would stay again because it is good, but I thought that the reviews had rather over egged the pudding so to speak. so it gets an &quot;above average&quot; [to keep some perspective] rather than an &quot;excellent&quot;.	
Feb 16 2006	Amazing stay!	Recently stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel. An amazing boutique hotel - such friendly service, beautiful rooms, bathrooms and overall surroundings. Drawing Rooms are a thoughtful touch, giving guests their own English living room in the middle of London.I would stay again and again at this hotel. The trouble is, eventually you get used to the service and have to leave. I miss it already!	
Feb 15 2006	Class Act	We only spent two nights in this gem of a hotel but it was worth every second. From the stellar service, to the free neck massage, to the buffet breakfasts we were constantly impressed.I had picked this stop during our honeymoon to be in the heart of it all Covent Garden. It is walking distance to Soho, China Town, etc and was a perfect location for us. The area is crazy busy which we loved but very quiet in the room.Room service was prompt and very accommodating, Cafe au lait personally made versus a latte which is on the menu.My husband and I would go back in a second!	
Feb 5 2006	Wonderful	We stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel for a very special birthday for me (my 50th) having checked it and all other top London hotels very thoroughly on tripadvisor. We went for the Covent Garden with great confidence after the previous reviews, but then of course with some apprehension as to whether it would live up to our expectations.In the event, it exceeded them. On booking, we made a special request for a high floor room overlooking the street at the front. This was acknowledged in a confirmation email and we also received a welcoming email two days before travelling, which was great. From the moment we arrived until the moment we left, we were exceptionally well looked after and felt a real part of a vibrant household. My commendations go to those who recruit, train and manage the staff because they are all brilliant. Every one of them, whether reception, concierge, room service or restaurant thought and acted ‘outside the box’ of their particular job and were very focused on the total guest experience, i.e. what might we want and how could they best contribute to achieving it for us. They all smile and look genuinely happy.As we got out of the taxi we were welcomed by the concierge, our bags were whisked inside and we were escorted to reception. Our check in was genuinely friendly, really individualised and made us feel very wanted as guests. Crucially, our special request had been noted and met, and we were told that specifically. So we got off to a very happy start. The concierge took us to our room and showed us the hotel’s Drawing Room and Honesty Bar on the way. This is a really special feature of the hotel and a great idea. It’s on the first floor so you don’t get people coming in off the street. The Honesty Bar is beautifully presented and maintained, you just sign for what drinks you have had and then enjoy them in the peace and comfort of the Drawing Room.Our room was exceptionally comfortable. The bathroom had two washbasins and a bath that was so deep you could float in it, which I did. Also a separate excellent shower.The room safe not only worked, but was also at chest level so no crawling around on the floor.We ate in the hotel restaurant, Brasserie Max, for dinner two nights and the service was outstanding, thoughtful and individual. It is expensive even for London prices, but, you get what you pay for. Breakfast was another class experience.On arrival we were told we had a free massage to take whenever we wanted to book it, which we did and it was good. The hotel has a small gym which is nicely equipped and only available to residents, so bring your kit.The staff were genuinely enthused in their work and very appreciative of the feedback we gave them. That was a joy.We were very, very reluctant to leave, and so very glad we had chosen the Covent Garden for this particularly important stay. It will be our first choice for our next time in London without a shadow of a doubt.	
Jan 7 2006	Fantastic	Just returned from a one night stay at The Covent Garden Hotel as a New Year treat, that is exactly what it was.From arrival to departure everything was well taken care of by friendly and attentive staff, small things like taking care of the congestion charge was a good example of the attention to detail evident throughout this hotel.The room was great, a good size with lovely high ceilings,very comfy bed and stylish bathroom.Make sure you take advantage of the complimentary massage offered to new residents, it is well worth it.Overall a fantastic hotel with a really homely atmosphere with all of the style you would expect from a top London hotel.	
Dec 18 2005	Outstanding	Junior suite was beautifully appointed, staff uniformly helpful, lounge areas superb. Only a rather poor eggs benedict for breakfast spoiled the experience. Nevertheless, top marks - and, unusually for London, reasonable value for money (although not cheap).	
Dec 13 2005	Best Hotel EVER	The Covent Garden was fabulous in every way. The room was lovely, the service was world class and the food was superb. We stayed in a bungalow suite. It had a library and an upstairs and downstairs bath with a nice sitting/TV area downstairs next to the library. The location is perfect. Its in the theatre district. Close to shows, pubs, restaraunts. At check in I was ushered into a lovely drawing room and offered a drink and quickly served a lovely glass of red wine. Dinner reservations were made promptly and they were very helpfull. The room was quiet and the bed very comfortable. We had tea in the drawing room next to the fireplace and CHristmas tree. It had lovely sandwiches, scones and chocolate dipped strawberries delivered in 10 minutes. Fabulous. I travel a great deal and generally select at least 4 star and generally 5 star hotels. The Covent Garden is my new standard for esceptional hotels. Stay there. You will be sooo happy you did.	
Dec 13 2005	perfection	Having walked past the warm and inviting lobby hundreds of times on my way to work i finally sucumbed and treated myself to a one night stay in a delux room.I don't think i can do the experience justice in this review.Whilst being led to my room we stopped en-route in the first floor residents only lounge....open fires, sumptious sofa's and the well stocked honesty bar (massive stocked bar,snacks,ice cream,board games etc).It,s remeniscent of the old boys clubs of yesteryear were ruddy faced barristers would wax lyrical over a glass of port.To the room.....Massive. Huge bed, granite bathroom with deep bath and seperate walk in shower, sofa beautiful antique desk and wardrobe with plenty of storage space. My room was 217 which overlooked the rear of the hotel shaftsbury av. a road busy 24 hours a day, still all i could hear was just the gentelest hum of traffic through the double glazed windows and thick curtains.Great little touches like a complimentary umbrella perfect for the dreary london weather and when i returned from my night out my bed had been turned down with complimentary bottled water and an aromatherapy spray to aid a restful nights sleep.After my lavender induced rest i woke for a breakfast of warm waffles,blueberries,maple syrup and the paper, attached was a small note with the days weather forecast.Being a londoner i know my way around but fear not if from out of town, a leather bound brochure in the room tells you everything you need to know from the usual restaraunt and theatre guides to the best places to shop or go for a jog.The stay is made complete by staff who are attentive but never obtrusive,knowledgeable but happy to greet you with just a smile if you like to be left alone.I couldn't recommend this place enough for a romantic and cosy stay, during my time here i also saw plenty of suited businessmen so the hotel can obviousley cater for all.If you are looking for the perfect london hotel you need look no longer....I've found it.	
Nov 22 2005	Utopia on Monmouth Lane	I frequently travel internationally, and the Covent Garden Hotel is--hands down--my favorite place to stay on the globe. The rooms are a study in artful whimsy; big comfortable beds, bold (sometimes shocking) upholstery fabrics; sumptuous antique furniture, opulent baths...and always the signature dress dummy, standing in silent vigil in the corner. The place is positively drenched in romance; the hotel's honesty bar is a handsome, richly decorated room with heavy drapes, over-stuffed couches, and humorous object d'arts (don't miss the lion lamps on the console table.) The restaurant is intimate but superb, and room service is fleet of foot. The staff is gregarious and charming without being intrusive, and the concierge is a veritable magician, able to achieve the impossible restaurant reservation and prime theater ticket with a wave of his hand. Like the rest of London, the Covent Garden Hotel is mind-numbingly expensive....but can you put a price on paradise?	
Nov 7 2005	Great Find and the construction was not disturbing!	We had read all the reviews on Trip Advisor...and although the hotel sounded right up our alley...we were nervous about all the talk about the construction. So nervous in fact, that we called the hotel from the states to request a room on the &quot;non- construction&quot; side.We only became more excited once speaking to the staff at the hotel. First, they offered to have a car meet us at the airport (we had the choice of a Mercedes or a black taxi...we chose the less expensive black taxi) for a very reasonable rate. It was great, after flying overnight to London, to have someone waiting at the exit gate...ready to take us &quot;home&quot;! We hadn't changed our money into pounds yet, so the concierge gracefully put the price of the taxi (plus as requested by us a tip)on our room bill to settle at departure.We found out about the extensive training London taxi drivers have to go through to get their taxi licence....thus, there was no taxi driver that we came across that did not know that the road was partially closed. They all figured out how to go down the street partially the wrong way! On top of that, when we actually needed to hail a taxi, the concierge ran up the street to get us one (before we even had a chance to ask him), and had the driver pick us up right in front of the hotel.Okay, so we were nervous about the construction. Here's the bottom line. They are making this quaint street all cobble stone. All the jack hammering is completed...so there are no sounds keeping you up during the day or night. It's just 2 workers, working all day on placing the stones on the street. It was not inconvient at all...and in a few weeks , the street will be lovely.We did not find the rooms small in any way, as we had read on the Trip Advisor site. We were in a Luxury Double, and it was very roomy. They were well appointed, and the beds were really comfortable. The breakfast in the hotel was perfect and wonderful.Best of all, the service was impecable. We asked the concierge to secure tickets for the hottest West End show in London, and he was able to come up with 12th row center for that very night (for a premium...of course!). The concierge and front desk staff could not have been more accomodating.The 2nd floor drawing room was a treat. There were 2 fireplaces going in this lovely 3 room &quot;get away&quot;. Besides the honesty bar, you could also ring the service bell for coffee or anything else you wanted to order from room service.If I had to say something bad, it would be that we were unable to stay longer!This is truly a special boutique hotel that is run well in every way.	
Nov 7 2005	My 11 yr old wants to go back asap	We stayed here in early - mid Sep for 5 nights. My daughter and husband made great use of the upstairs lounge area and honesty bar while I shoppped. In fact my 11 yr old daughter is very keen to get back to London asap, but has specified that a stay in this hotel is a must. I am not sure whether its London and the Krispy Kreme donuts at Harrods or the Covent Garden hot chocs she liked, but she had a great time. Be sure to visit Rules, Londons oldest restaurant within easy walking distance.	
Oct 31 2005	Avoid #214 and enjoy.	I appreciated the advance warning from other reviewers about the construction on Monmouth Street.My cab driver had no such warning and I can’t repeat what he said when he saw the mess on Monmouth.The worst of the construction had passed, but the street was still closed to traffic. (This was in late September.)The taxi let me out about a block from the hotel. An observant Covent Garden Hotel employee ran down the street to greet me. He gathered up my bags and walked me back up to the hotel.My room was not ready for check-in (it was early) so I left to visit the galleries in Trafalgar Square. When I returned, I was handed a key for room 214.In a hotel such as this one where each and every room is unique, your experience may vary up or down depending upon the room you are given. (You may read in Frommer’s for example that “each room has double vanities.” Not true. Each room is different.)Number 214 was small with the furniture arranged too closely to the bed; there was traffic noise from the street below (Shaftesbury?); and the walls were bright red. I rather disliked the room. In fact, I couldn’t have hated it more.(I now understand what the reviewer from Toronto was referring to when he or she wrote that there was “too much furniture” in their room.)Across the hall from me was room 209. I had stayed there previously and knew it to be an excellent room. I was going to ask reception if I could move to 209 until I heard guests in there.I went to bed feeling discouraged that I had traveled 4,000 miles to pay $450 for a room that I then hated.First thing the next morning I called down to request a room change.They moved me to room #2 in the basement, across the hall from the movie theatre. Ah, what a difference a few extra square feet can make! Both me and the furniture had breathing room. Number 2 was quieter and much more comfortable than number 214. It had a separate tub and shower, which I liked. (Because of the move, my rate went up from £210 to £240 + vat per night but they added complimentary breakfast in the Brasserie.)Check with the hotel to be sure, but as I understand it the better rooms (unless you’re going for a suite) are the two rooms in the basement and on the upper floors the room numbers that end in 9.I had the opportunity to visit the hotel’s Loft Suite during my stay. What a beautiful room that is!If you’re new to London, you’re going to like the concierge guys at this hotel. They know the city very well. Their restaurant recommendations are flawless.I do admire the Covent Garden Hotel and recommend it. On a good day, this place and its people shine.But if you are assigned room 214, or a room similar to it, it won’t be worth the price you’ll pay. (Just my opinion. You may disagree.)	
Sep 20 2005	Found this hotel very central and romantic	We stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel from 9/11-9/19 on vacation. We absolutely adored everything about it and were reluctant to leave towards the end of our stay. Location: Covent Garden has a fantastic location right in the heart of the Leceister Square/Covent Garden area. The small, intimate blocks surrounding the hotel are swamped with small stores and restaurants and are exciting to explore just on their own. Once we got our bearings, and it did take a little while, we found it was a simple 2 minute walk to the Leceister Square tube station with convenient access to the Northern and Picadilly lines, a 4 minute walk to the British Museum, and a 5 minute walk to the Covent Garden piazza. In summary: it's the perfect launching point for exploring the city, and has some fantastic atmosphere to explore when you get back for night as well. If it's a cab you want, the construction on Monmouth does make this difficult, but we mostly took the tube anyway. When we had the concierge call us a cab, it would pick us up on Shaftsbury - the other side of the hotel.Service:Service was extraordinary here. I admire service that is swift to do everything you ask and exceed your expectations but that doesn't smother you with offers and opinions. Such was the Covent Garden service. Smiling workers at the front desk, great laundry service turnaround (8 hours), we got room service every morning and it was 100% on time and exact what we ordered. Concierge had some great local restaurant recommendations when we were in a pinch. Turndown always seemed to happen even if we only stepped out for 10 minutes during the evening and the complimentary bottles of water and aromatherapy during turndown service was awesome!We had a slightly complicated booking because we had decided last minute to extend our stay by 2 days. They were easily able to reconcile this into a single bill, and offered us the same room for the entire duration of our stay.Room:The room was not the nicest I've ever stayed in but was fine for us. Size was good - had no trouble unpacking and fitting everything in the enormous closet. Decoration was a little country, but didn't overdo it. Room contained a tv, desk, chair, couch at the foot of the bed, nested coffee tables, two lovely bedside tables with drawers, and a huge bed that ended up being two mattresses bound together. If we were disappointed about anything, it was the bed, as the seam made it tougher for hubby and I to cuddle. Carpet was clean but has seen better days, so we used the slippers provided regularly. Bathroom was absolutely lovely, all made up in granite and marble. Double vanity, lots of counter space and shelves for cosmetics, giant soaking tub that filled in 30 seconds thanks to the tremendous water pressure the hotel enjoys. Shower was all enclosed and also enjoyed that same tremendous, heart pounding water pressure. We were surprised we couldn't use the hair dryer they provided in the bathroom, and I had to dry my hair in the bedroom, but it turns out that is a common european thing. Outlet in the bathroom will only accomodate electric razors and toothbrushes.Even though we were on the 1st floor (room 7), the ceilings were at least 12 feet tall, may have been 14. The windows were also enormous. This gave the whole room a lovely feeling of space.TV Service was fine - we got about 20 channels with a good variety of news, sports, music, American entertainment. The tv had both a dvd player and a VCR and the honor bar had a large selection of VHS movies available for viewing.Ameneties:Honor bar - loved this so much can't talk enough about it. In addition to a very well flushed out mini bar within the room, the honor bar on the 2nd floor is a neat touch. Inside, they have a freezer filled with haagen-daas, huge fridges with every kind of beverage imaginable, a nice selection of champagne and wine, and tons of liquors and mixers with the appropriate glasses to play with. You take what you want, and write it down on their list under the &quot;honor system&quot;. We had a lot of fun experimenting with cocktails. Also had a large ice generator, which is a rarity in the UK. Other honor bar things: VHS library, board games, and other fun things to do.Brasserie Max - the restaurant in the hotel was fine. We had dinner there one night, and it was reasonably busy, service was good, and food was fine. There are so many compelling eating options in the immediate area, we didn't feel the need to return.Free 15 minute massages. We didn't take the hotel up on this, but they offered us a coupon for their spa for free 15 minute neck and back masssages upon arrival to work out traveling kinks. Very nice. I think this pretty much sums up my review. We were here over a week and it became quite homey for us. We hope that you will try it and feel the same!	
Aug 24 2005 	Very noisy hotel	I don't recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a good night sleep. Was woken every morning road construction outside the hotel. Had a job interview the next day and was very stressed. Had to wait 20 minutes for a cab and was also late. The staff didn't seem to care. Definately a poor choice.	
Aug 23 2005	Loved it	Were put off at first trying to arrive with the construction right outside but that was quickly erased. LOVED the hotel, very service oriented, very comfortable rooms, quirky interior details.	
Aug 12 2005	Construction on Monmouth noisy	We thought the Covent Garden Hotel was a very ordinary hotel. It did not live up to our expectations and certainly did not live up to the hundreds of unusually positive accolades we had read from other 'travelers' and travel experts. The vast majority of reviews we read were overwhelmingly positive. We were suspicious of the overzealous reviews but curious and wanted to experience the hotel for ourselves. We were disappointed.We requested information from the Covent Garden Hotel via e-mail three times and never received a reply. Two of the e-mail's were addressed to the hotel and one was addressed to Firmdale. Eventually we had to contact the hotel via phone to have our questions answered. Once our hotel room was booked the communication improved and our e-mail's were returned promptly.When we arrived at The Covent Garden Hotel we found Monmouth street under construction. The road was filled with sand, bricks, machinery, gravel and construction equipment. A construction back hoe was parked 10 feet from the hotel entrance and Brasserie Max restaurant. The construction began several months ago and the estimated completion date is November 2005. Construction is very loud and begins very early in the morning and continues until late in the afternoon. We were very fortunate to have a room on the opposite side of the hotel and did not hear the construction while sleeping. We talked to many sad and disappointed guests who were not so fortunate and were woken every morning by the sound of either jack hammers breaking concrete, machinery cutting stones, or machinery tapping the stones in place. Monmouth street is very narrow and the noise is amplified along the street. We were very pressed for time in London and ate many meals at the Brasserie Max restaurant. During several meals we found the noise so loud we could not carry on a conversation. I feel very sorry for the hotel and its patrons for this very unfortunate situation of which the Hotel obviously has no control. Catching any transportation at this hotel is an awkward experience at best. The construction outside the hotel involves reducing two way traffic to a single lane and adding a brick sidewalk and designated parking spaces. The parking lane will have portions that jut out from the sidewalk in order to force a single lane. When they are finished it will be very difficult for vehicles to use Monmouth as there will be no where for traffic to pass. If a car is parked outside the hotel unloading or waiting for a passenger other cars will be blocked and have to wait for the car to move. This will detract cabs from passing by the hotel looking for fares. On several occasions we saw vehicles parked outside waiting for passengers and completely blocking the street. There are very few black cabs that pass this Hotel and the hotel doorman will either walk to the end of the street or jump in a car they keep a block away and search for a cab. Many times there was no doorman in sight. Don't be surprised if you arrive at the hotel and the doorman is block away trying to catch a cab.We found the concierge service similar to concierge services we have experienced at most London hotels. The theater tickets they purchased for us were very good but not fantastic. The concierge also helped switch a reservation at popular restaurant to a different evening to accommodate our schedule but was unable to secure our preferred eating time.The hotel is well situated to many Theaters and you may not require a cab often. At night it was hard finding our way back to the Covent Garden Hotel as the area is poorly lit. Many businesses near the Covent Garden Hotel are either offices or storefronts and have their lights turned off at night. With few landmarks in the area we became lost on more than one occasion. At the end of Monmouth there is a round about where seven streets converge and all the streets look similar especially at night. The hotel has placed a huge British flag outside the hotel to provide some sense of direction to guests.We paid 255 pounds plus VAT for our superior room which included breakfast. Had read an article written about the hotel that stated the hotels policy is to automatically upgrade every single room to the next category when available. We got the impression that the hotel was not very busy and we were disappointed no upgrade was offered. We stayed during peak season and the hotel did not appear very busy. Reservations at the Brassiere were never necessary and a good selection of tables was always available breakfast, lunch and dinner .Our superior room was well furnished and had a beautiful bathroom. The room seemed very small to us even by London standards and perhaps had too much furniture in it. The room was so small it was difficult to unpack a suitcase. The cleaning staff did an excellent job and the room was spotlessly clean. The bathroom was well kept and looked like new. The bar fridge was well stocked but over priced compared to similar UK hotels of similar category.The common hotel drawing room was very nicely appointed. Several days there was a sign on the elevator advising guests that the room was closed for a private function during certain hours. Considering this is the only drawing room in the entire hotel I thought it was extremely pretentious of the hotel to close this room for a private function. The drawing room has a self serve bar with an attached kitchenette stocked with chips, mixer and alcohol. The honesty bar is a novel idea but did not seem very popular with guests. Don't expect self serve prices as a self serve drink cost 8 pounds for the alcohol and 2 pounds for the mix.We ate several meals at the Brasserie Max and found the food to be hit and miss. Our package included English breakfast. The breakfast was always overcooked. The English breakfast was absolutely terrible each morning. On our second day I returned the breakfast to the kitchen. The eggs were stale, overcooked and covered in bacon grease. The bacon was extremely dry and the potato cake was completely black on one side. To say this was unacceptable for this type of hotel would be an understatement. The continental breakfast included many uncooked items and was far superior to the English breakfast. My wife liked the fresh fruit which I thought was very nicely arranged.On our last day we had an early flight to catch to Scotland and found the kitchen staff most rude and uncooperative. The hotel had offered a take away cappuccino and a bag breakfast but had forgotten about this. We arrived in the front lobby at 6:50 am and requested entry 10 minutes early to the Brasserie Max and the request was refused. The restaurant and staff were ready for service but made us wait 10 minutes until exactly 7:00 am. The staff than told me that there was not enough time to cook an English breakfast with haste and meet my schedule. I would strongly disagree having previously had my breakfast burnt and discarded.After leaving the Covent Garden Hotel we went to Edinburgh and stayed in a deluxe suite at the Balmoral Hotel. It was interesting to compare the best hotel in Scotland to the best hotel in London. We liked the Balmoral much better. The Balmoral had better service, better food, better hotel amenities and better lobbies. We enjoyed our stay at the Balmor far more than we did our stay at the Covent Garden Hotel.Our overall impression of the hotel was &quot;ordinary&quot;. Did not agree with many of the reviews we read. Would never stay at The Covent Garden Hotel again.	
Jul 31 2005 	Great Hotel in Great Location	My family and I stayed are just back from a week's stay at the Covent Garden Hotel. It was our first visit and we loved it. Excellent rooms. Fun common spaces. Very friendly service. And in a great location in London. 5 minutes walk to Covent Garden, Trafalgar, Leicester Square. Not much more to the Embankment and Picadilly. The Covent Garden/Soho area right around the hotel is teeming with restuarants and shops. Stays hopping when other areas of the city go dead.	
Jul 29 2005	Our new #1 hotel in London	We first stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel in May 2005 and it was absolutely fabulous. We liked it so much, that we cancelled reservations at another hotel for our next visit to London in July and made them for Covent Garden Hotel. The staff goes out of their way to know who you are, and make you feel like a VIP. The rooms are wonderful and we look forward to our next visit to try yet another room. We highly recommend not wasting your money at other hotels and to try Covent Garden.	
Jul 22 2005	Truly Wonderful - Can't Wait to Return	Spent two fabulous days at the Covent Garden Hotel. Our king room that was incredibly spacious and beautifully decorated. We also noticed that everything was exceptionally clean and in good condition, we had the feeling of being the first people to stay in the room. The staff, from the front desk and concierge to the cleaners, could not have been more gracious, genuine, good natured and helpful. The hotel has a large drawing room for guests, topped off with a fully stocked &quot;honesty bar&quot;. We even chose to escape the crowds &amp; heat of Covent Garden for an afternoon playing board games in the drawing room with a picnic lunch from a local grocery store. Perfect.	
Jul 9 2005	Our Best Hotel Experience	We recently returned from a five day stay at the Covent Garden Hotel with our four children. This was, perhaps, our best experience with any hotel, anywhere. Our rooms were superb. We were uprgraded upon check in, and received two very well appointed, spacious and beautiful rooms (one was suite). The hotel was very intimate and warm, but had all of the amenities of a large property.The true standout was the service, beggining at check in. The concierge desk was the best that we have ever experienced. All of the concierge staff was knowlegeable, friendly and gracious. Although we like to alwyas try new hotels, we will only stay at the Covent Garden Hotel in London.	
Jul 1 2005	Great boutique hotel	Have stayed in a lot of London hotels - this is a great boutique hotel for business travel or couples - not for families. Great location, super service, luxurious rooms, great sheets and beds - much larger room (mine at least) than I am used to in London. Lots of nice touches - chocolates, honor bar, etc.	
Jul 1 2005 	Fabulous hotel	I have stayed at this hotel numerous times over the past seven years and it's by far my favorite in London. It's expensive, but worth it. The staff is impeccably trained, the rooms are lovely and luxurious and the whole place is sound proofed well from the noisy streets below. And it's in an amazing neighborhood. Would highly recommend splurging on this one. If they're full, the other hotels in their chain offer excellent alternatives, including the Dorset Square Hotel which is less expensive but has some of the same Firmdale touches.	
Jun 13 2005	The Best by far......	Stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel for one night last weekend. My husband and I visit London 2/3 times a year for a theatre and shopping weekend and have stayed in many London hotels and regularly been disappointed - until now.This hotel is by far the best in London. Rooms and bathrooms superb (best shower ever). Drawing Room and Honesty bar excellent, so is Brasserie Max. All the staff are friendly and helpful, consierge guys amazing.We won't be staying anywhere else on future trips to London.	
May 31 2005	A Little Piece of Heaven	My two daughters and I have just returned from a more than satisfying stay at this wonderful hotel. Even before we arrived, we had communicated some requests via e-mail and each was met immediately and without question. The concierge, Abban and David, were incredibly helpful and most knowledgeable - and managed to get terrific seats at a sold out play and dinner reservations at the much sought Lindsay House Restaurant.Our room was immaculate, lovely and the beds were extremely comfortable. The shower was simply the best we've had anywhere! The Drawing Room and Honesty Bar were a welcomed surprise. Breakfast was wonderful with many fresh fruit choices among a multitude of offerings.The location can not be beaten with many &quot;must-see&quot; sights within walking distance. We loved every minute of our stay which was marred only by its brevity. We will return as soon as we can.	
May 31 2005	It's the Best	My wife and I just returned from London after spending four days at The Covent Garden Hotel to celebrate her birthday. I read many of the reviews here before booking and couldn't agree more, this is the best hotel!!! They have delightfully decorated rooms, great bathrooms, and a fabulous drawing/sitting room on the second floor with richly panelled walls, comfortable couches and chairs, a large fireplace/hearth and an &quot;honesty bar&quot; fully stocked with beverages and snacks. Their basement level theater is outstanding with leather stadium seats and a large screen. The staff is always polite and attentive to every detail. This is the ultimate in British charm and comfort and the location is extremely convenient for theatre going and walking about the City.	
May 26 2005 	Excellent service take care with room selection	Service here is friendly and high quality. I would only add that you should take care when selecting a room. I had a standard (queen) which was small and felt even smaller due to the various items of impractical furniture in every available space. The closet was mostly occupied by the mini-bar so storing clothes was a problem. My room had considerable traffic noise from the road, so you may want to request a quiet room when reserving.	
May 19 2005	Loved the privacy	This hotel feels like a private house with its secluded rooms and gorgeous drawing room. The staff are so friendly that you can totally relax. We had a huge room (by London standards) for myself, husband and young daughter. Perfect location for our visit to the ROH and British Museum. Best breakfast outside of Veinice's Cipriani.	
May 3 2005	Wonderful hotel	We had a wonderful stay at the Covent Garden Hotel. I would recommend the hotel to anyone and would stay there again myself. The location is excellent and close to numerous restaurants and shops. The staff were all friendly and helpful. The rooms were meticulous and beautifully decorated. My only complaint is that the king size bed was made up of two twin mattresses thus creating an uncomfortable ridge down the center of the bed. Otherwise, it was a perfect trip and perfect hotel.	
May 3 2005	No better hotel	this hotel is a boutique hotel, with great service. the concierges are excellent, their knowledge of london is amazing. they have a wonderful dining room off of lobby that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. it has a great bar with cool drinks. there is a gallery room thats a great place to unwind and relax. stay here and never be disappointed.	
Apr 12 2005	Loved this hotel	We have been working our way through the Mr &amp; Mrs Smith hotel guide and this is by far our favourite hotel to date. Beautiful hotel in a wonderful location. From the moment you step in the door you feel at home, at ease and completely welcome. I have never experienced such friendliness and helpfulness of staff in an English hotel before. The concierge were wonderful, booking restaurants etc. Always greeted you by name as you came and went and took an interest in what you had been doing. Nothing was too much trouble.The room was stunning, beautiful bathroom. Room service was quick and efficient. Loved the lounge and honesty bar! Breakfast very tasty. If you are visiting London, this is definitely the place to stay. We'll definitely be returning.	
Feb 28 2005	Perfect!	The location, the room, the service, the food, cleanliness, were all outstanding. This was a big splurge for us, and, thank goodness, the hotel lived up to its reputation in every way. They even allowed us to have the weekend rate (i.e. including breakfast, for Thursday night as well.) There was not a single request we made that was not dealt with efficiently and to perfection. You couldn't really ask for more, other than the vain hope that the price be lower.	
Feb 15 2005	Lived Up to All Expecations!	The hotel is in a great location, the room/bed was very comfortable and the shower was awesome (especially for Europe), the food was fresh and very tasty and the staff were incredibly personal and helpful. As a business traveler who spends over 100 nights per year typically in &quot;brand&quot; hotels like Marriott, Hyatt, Ritz Carlton, etc. - this hotel was a complete and happy surprise. If I wanted to complain, the $38 per day (20 pound per day) fee for Internet access is not competitive with other hotels, but it is what it is.	
Feb 14 2005	Fab for Families	What a wonderful surprise this hotel was! We usually stay in luxury hotels like the Ritz and Four Seasons, but decided to give this boutique property a try just before Christmas. We held our breath as we arrived with our two young children after a long flight from the U.S. to London and from start to finish, we were nothing but impressed.The Covent Garden is beautiful, but not stuffy. The rooms are done in a way that make you feel relaxed and comfortable. We chose &quot;corridor&quot; rooms, which basically were two rooms that closed off in their own little hallway. It was perfect because my husband and I could chill out while the kids were in bed in their room. All the while, we felt secure in our own little section of hallway that closed off and locked. It worked out perfectly and we both agreed it was much better than any suite/room set up we've ever had.The food at the hotel was outstanding... try the fish and chips and if you want them to be authentic and delicious. My husband is from England and even gave them his stamp of approval. And if you're a martini drinker, do not under any circumstance miss the passion fruit martinis! To die for!!!The staff and service were outstanding. Every request was granted and room service came quickly, even though we ordered at odd times because of the time change. The lounge area with honor bar was cozy and beautiful with a fire lit.The kids loved it. We loved it. And it was such a nice change from larger, chain hotels. You can't go wrong with this hotel!!	
Feb 9 2005	best stay in london thusfar!	I just returned from a week at the Covent Garden Hotel, and LOVED my stay. By the middle of the 2nd day, the staff knew both my wife and my names. ANY request was taken as a challenge, and all were met beautifully! (e.g., check into the hotel 3 hours before a Chelsea soccer match, and ask the concierge if he can get tickets - the response - &quot;anything is possible!&quot;). Well, we saw Chelsea play. Three cheers for Albon (the concierge). We arrived without restaurant reservations, and managed dinner at Margorres, and lunch at Gordon Ramsey! The rooms were of sufficient size, very well decorated, and the bathrooms were finished top shelf (my wife loves her baths...). We are usually Ritz travelers, but apart from the best Ritz (Half Moon Bay), the Covent Garden Hotel won us over with its personal attention, and care. You will not be disappointed... 	
Jan 25 2005 	Excellent!	Elegant, but cozy, luxurious but not &quot;overdone, beautiful bathrooms, nice staff, good location, no complaints at all. But in case you favor contemporary design, this is not the place for you... Nevertheless, I will definitly go again.	
Jan 11 2005	Blissful	An exquisite hotel. You will feel incredibly pampered staying here. The location is terrific and the rooms are so sumptuous you won't want to leave the hotel! I especially enjoyed the large and very clean bathtub in my room. Rarely does a hotel bath look inviting, but this one was irresistable - complete with luxury bath salts and lotions.	
Jan 11 2005	Perfect	We spent a weekend here and it really was as close to perfect as any stay can be. Great location, great room, great lounge, fantastic breakfast. In this hotel hospitality is a way of life.	
Oct 27 2004	Celebrity for a Day	After much research I decided to stay 1 night at The Covent Garden Hotel in September.The room was luxurious, staff friendly and little touches such as a box of chocolates on arrival, turndown and a fantastic honesty bar in the upstairs lounge was a bonus.Unfortunately, our experience was upset by an absent minded concierge who forgot to book our car to the airport. No apology (instead blaming someone else) and no offer to pay for a cab which was waved from the street. We almost missed our connecting flight!Overall, it is in the heart of the action and a great place to spot celebrities. Where else can you sit next to John Malkovich and Kirsten Dunst during breakfast!	
Oct 5 2004	perfect	it is a good choice. service is excellent and it is in the middle of the city.  I stay in tihs hotel 1 year ago for a business travel but they felt me as if it is a holiday.	
Sep 29 2004	Excellent	What a fabulous hotel! My husband and myself stayed for 7 wonderful days and wished we could stay for another 7! The service was outstanding and very attentive. Everyone was so nice. Tea in the beautiful drawing room was superb. The rooms were immaculate and very tastefully decorated. The location can't be beat! Right in the middle of the most wonderful restaurants in London.	
Aug 6 2004	Fabulous 4 days in London here	Four glorious days at the Covent Garden Hotel with my son and friend. The location was perfect, in the middle of everything, yet on a quiet street. Coffee shops and shopping abound and we walked almost everywhere. The personnel were friendly, helpful, and an absolute pleasure to deal with. The luxurious bathtub with the complementary bath oils, was a wonderful bonus after a day of touring, as was the completmentary neck and back massage. The room was large and extremely comfortable. I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel, and plan on using it as my base the next time I am in London.	
Aug 6 2004	Spectacular choice for a picky frequent flier	I travel hundreds of thousands of miles annually and am usually disappointed at hotels--even the very nice ones. In planning our family vacation to Europe this summer, I over-researched hotels (including this website), talked to friends and business associates who are also picky about hotels, and chose Covent Garden. From the moment we arrived until we checked out, we were consciously impressed by the experience and will even try another hotel in London on future trips.The staff was sincerely nice and thoughtful (and remembered names, which was surprising), the room was charming and spacious, and the location can't be beat. It's not cheap, and it is 2 x not cheap thanks to the current exchange rate, but we were satisfied with the experience. My only issue would be they should include the internet access for free at the rates they charge for the rooms. Ask for the breakfast deal - or call directly to negotiate rate and get breakfast included as it is wildly expensive (19 pounds--nearly $40!), but more palatable if included in the deal.Considering the other heavy travelers I saw there, including a famous movie director and several other important Hollywood types (who no doubt are pickier than me), this hotel is consistently a good experience.	
Aug 3 2004	A Perfect Base for a stay in London	My husband took me to London for my 40th birthday, and we couldn't have picked a better place to stay for this special occasion. The Covent Garden Hotel was small enough to feel intimate and comfortable (not formal and intimidating), and luxurious enough to feel pampered and totally relaxed. Beautifully decorated room, unbelievably comfortable bed (great linens!), and wonderfully deep marble bathtub. Very friendly and helpful staff (front desk and concierge) made us feel welcomed but not fawned over. Location was excellent, which made it easy to walk to many places (or jump on the nearby Tube). Fitness room was small but perfectly adequate for a quick workout in the morning. Full English breakfast (included in our rate) was excellent and very filling. All in all, it greatly helped to make our stay in London very special and enjoyable. Pricey thanks to the unfavorable exchange rate with US dollars (we stayed in a deluxe double), but worth it for a special occasion.	
Aug 2 2004	our favorite london hotel	We finally found our perfect London hotel: right in the heart of the theater district but on a quiet street with impeccable service and big rooms. We can't recommend this hotel too highly. The concierge got us great seats at some big plays and got us tables in some supposedly 'unbookable' restaurants.	
Jun 4 2004	The Best Hotel in the Best Neighborhood!	My husband and I stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel in May 2003. It has now become our new standard for which all other hotels will forever be judged against. The service was impeccable. The room was fabulous (very luxurious yet cozy and comfortable at the same time). The location could not have been better (we were able to walk most everywhere). It was a pricey, but well worth it. We loved our stay and look forward to returning soon.	
May 18 2004	A Sublime Splurge	Stayed at the hotel with my husband April 24-28. What a treat -- We loved the hotel and would recommend it highly. Our king deluxe room was roomy, sumptuous and well-appointed -- felt right at home when I saw that a hurricane lamp was identical to one we have in our own home. And that's the secret of this hotel: you're made to feel at home by the enthusiastic staff, the intimate scale, the beautifully decorated rooms. And the staff gets the small details right: the robes (and omelettes!!) are fluffy, the toiletries are Molton Brown, the drawing room is elegant and cozy and a lovely spot to curl up with a book. The promotional head and neck massage was terrific; there's a small gym and screening room. This small, elegant hotel is head and shoulders above the rest. Very expensive, but worth it. 	
May 10 2004	Romantic Oasis		
Mar 29 2004	Perfect relaxation in the centre of the city !		
Feb 27 2004	Sheer Elegance		
Feb 16 2004	Amazing First Trip		
Jan 9 2004 	Romantic and Lovely		
Nov 24 2003	A Special Hotel		
Oct 29 2003	Loved this place		
Oct 25 2003	Very special		
Jul 5 2003	Excellent small hotel in theatre area		
Nov 25 2002	Great hotel		
Sep 6 2009 	????????????????????		
Aug 28 2009 	?????????????????????		
Jan 8 2009 	Top quality hotel		
