	Fantastic will definitely be back	28th-30th Nov 2009. I have never stayed in a Premier Inn before. I have always been in favour of spending money in pricey boutique hotels featured on Mr. and Mrs. Smith etc. However, from the moment we checked in we immediately noticed how modern and clean the hotel was. It was spotless and very spacious - everything you want from a hotel on a short break in the city. Unfortunately Sunday night I woke up feeling very unwell and continued to be very ill throughout the night and the next day with food poisoning (having eaten outside the hotel). Being in London and paying so little for a hotel I was apprehensive about phoning reception and asking for late check-out. To my surprise the receptionist was incredibly kind and understanding, allowing me to check out two and a half hours late and calling a doctor for me. He also brought me some toast to my room so that I wouldn't have to take my painkillers on an empty stomach! I was overwhelmed by how sweet they were to me and will not forget how much they helped me out that day. A great hotel that I cannot fault, even if I hadn't of been ill.	
	Great Hotel Great Location Great Service	I highly recommend this hotel - inexpensive (for London), close to the Tower Bridge and many forms of public transport, it's a great place to stay. Clean, nice rooms with VERY friendly and helpful staff. This isn't a fancy hotel, but I received the kind of service you would expect at an expensive hotel - very well done. Stayed six nights, lots of Pubs and Restaurants to walk to, and a coffee bar in the lobby for those early morning wake ups. If you want to stay in the Tower Hill section of London and your on a budget, look no more, this is your hotel! :-)	
Nov 17 2009	Excellent hotel friendly good location and reasonably priced	I stayed at this hotel with my 13yr old daughter, a treat for her birthday. We had a huge, comfortable twin room on the 5th floor. The bathroom was also big and had a decent shower and bath. We ate in the Bar in the evening after a long days sightseeing and shopping and the prices were really reasonable - £9 for a curry, a children's pizza and a brownie. The food was tasty and the drinks weren't expensive. Breakfast was fine and was included in the price. Staff were really helpful and friendly - especially Barbara, who was great. The only difference between this hotel and the Apex in the same area is the complimentary stuff provided, there was only a squeezy bottle of shower gel / shampoo in the bathroom and not much coffee / tea etc but that really wasn't a problem. I will definately be staying here again when in London, it's cheap (it cost us £71 for bed and breakfast), well located and the staff are great.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent location.	A five minute walk to Tower Hill tube station, we could see the Tower of London from our room. Room was clean and spacious with a double bed and two singles. Bathroom was a clean with toilet, sink and a wonderful shower(no bath). All staff were friendy and the breakfast was good. Even though there is a train line running behind the hotel, right outside our room, there were no noise disturbances.	
Oct 15 2009 	Excellent.	This place is fantastic. Just a five minute walk from tower hill tube. I walked it in the dark with my daughter and felt safe. The staff were lovely and the room was fantastic. Massive room with lovely comfy bed. Totally clean and a fab bathroom too. Only little moan is the rubbish pillows but everything else was perfect.Downstairs there is a costa cofa and a nice little bar area. We had our brekkie in the wetherspoons over the road because it was so much cheaper. Very close to tower of london and we also walked to the london eye from the hotel which was less than an hour away. The room was not as cheap as a travelodge but was a million times nicer and also great value for central london. I would recommend this to anyone and will deffo stay there again on my next trip to london.	
Oct 13 2009 	perfect	i have stayed at quite a number of hotels in london over the years but this is the best so far ,perfect location stones throw from tower hill underground 5 minutes on tube from euston,lovely clean modern rooms amazing shower ,quite at night , superb breakfast , helpfull smiley efficiant staff ,,,,,perfect	
Oct 8 2009 	WONDERFUL ACCOMMODATION	We stayed at Premier Inn from 1 October to 5 October. From the moment we arrived nothing was to much trouble for the staff. We had problems getting our Viewbox to work. The Maintenance Man was actually about to go home but still came and fixed our problem and gave us ifo regarding local markets. Fernando was very helpful. Our accommodation was clean and tidy. We were surprised to have breakfast included because we had got the accommodation through Asda Travel and had received it for a good price. At breakfast we were welcomed by Barbara who was a lovely friendly and helpful person. The whole experience would recommend it to friends and family. I would suggest giving it a try it is also very close to Tower Hill tube station.	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent hotel: big modern clean rooms friendly staff perfect!	Having stayed in several London hotels over the years, I can only add to the praise the other reviewers gave! This hotel is truly excellent and all that for the price of a budget hotel! The rooms are the most spacious I ever had in London, the furniture is modern and new, the other traveller's photos show the true rooms, not just a sparkly renovated show room of the hotel brochure. The bathroom is new, very clean, no mould, the shower working perfectly. I had booked a twin room as I don't like to fight for the duvet ;-) and was delighted to find that you could hold the beds together via a hook at the foot of the bed. Breakfast was good too. If you go at peak times you'll have to wait for a few minutes to be seated, but nothing to complain about. The choice at the breakfast buffet is good, excellent coffees, the cooked breakfast rich and plenty to choose from, although if you leave it to the last minute not everything might be available anymore, so better don't arrive 5 minutes before end of breakfast time. All the staff was VERY friendly and helpful, waiters as well as reception. Arriving early we could leave our luggage in a secured baggage room, which can only be accessed by staff and you get a token for each of your bags (unlike other hotels where such rooms are often not supervised and open to everyone). Same when we checked out, we left our luggage to spend the day in London and collected it on our way to the airport. The location not far from Tower Hill is good, although not quite a lot of people are around in the evenings as it's the City. Aldgate might be the more convinient Tube station depending on where you go, but is also more isolated (or so it felt). For a beer in a nice setting I'd recommend the pub The Minories just round the corner in direction Tower Hill. We had great food in the pub The White Hart, on the corner of Bishopsgate/ Liverpool Street, close to Liverpool Street Station. On the groundfloor it's noisy as usual, but downstairs there's an original cellar with vaulted ceiling which provides a great atmosphere with lots of candles. Food was excellent. Best Sunday morning experience is Spitalfields Market in walking distance. If you book from Germany, check out i.e. Neckermann. I booked for 56 Euro pppn which included English breakfast and was cheaper than booking through booking.com.  Since my stay I've recommended the hotel to several friends and they too were happy with this hotel.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great service and location	Stayed here 4 nights while on vacation. Location was great with easy access to the tube and bus service as well as the tower of London and Tower bridge. The staff was very curtious and very helpful. The room was quiet and the bed was very comfortable. We had breakfast there every morning and the food was very good. Staff down at the breakfast area were smiling and seemed to enjoy their work. It was very reasonably priced for London. Front desk staff were very helpful with questions and directions. I would definately stay there again if I return.	
Sep 20 2009 	excellent family room	Great location for access to Skyride cycle event. Made very welcome and excellent service. Very accomodating when we arrived with 4 bikes to store. Enough room in luggage room for kids bikes and secure bike parking at rear of hotel for adult bikes.Room ideal for family. Large comfortable bed and 2 separate singles for kids. Rooms very clean and excellent shower facilities.Breakfast staff very friendly and wide choice of quality food/drinks.We would definitely stay here again if visiting London.	
Sep 18 2009 	If they're all like this I'm now sold on Premier Inns!	Stayed for a working week. The first time a colleague and I have stayed at Premier Inns and didn't really expect much else than an adequate room and a reasonable location, although the reviews here looked promising...What a lovely surprise this hotel was! Friendly, helpful, large comfortable rooms and spotlessly clean. Day after day the consistently good service continued. The staff were genuinely pleased to go out of their way to help and were happy and good natured even when busy (eg at breakfast time). Their breakfast beats other budget hotels too... a reasonable selection and (most importantly) plenty of staff to replenish cutlery and other items being used.At the other end of the day, the late-night bar staff carried on the &quot;helpful ethic&quot; of the hotel and made dropping in for a nightcap a pleasant experience (rather than some other (not just budget) hotels, who seem to begrudge giving service at the end of the day.All-in-all, I think you can tell that my colleague and I (separate rooms, I hasten to add :-) had a really good time staying here and heartily recommend it (as long as, in doing so, it doesn't become so popular that I can't book it again!) Thanks very much to the manager and staff. You could really open some eyes in larger, &quot;posher&quot; hotels and give lessons on how to run them properly!	
Sep 16 2009 	Great value	I'm always happy to recommend Premier Inns and this is no exception. Great value for a really nice (though a little small) room. Nice bar area albeit it with a limited choice of beers and a Witherspoons restaurant across the road for a real bargain meal.	
Sep 9 2009 	Believe Lenny Henry..Well done Premier Inn A+	Didnt believe the Lenny Henry adverts but now I do, paid £88 for the night in London and worth every penny. Great welcome by the staff who let us check in early without fuss or payment (unlike Travelodge by the way). Had Sky sports capability in the Costa Coffee lounge of which they changed onto when requested (Bartosz). Friendly reception people, well informed, welcoming. Room was immaculate, really clean, really comfortable bed and excellent pillows. LCD Tv in the room with FREEVIEW, no sky but then again with the rip off that Sky charge, no wonder why. Excellent power shower and very clean bathroom. Coffee making facilities with Kenco Coffee pouches and tea.Overall an excellent stay and will most definitely stay at Premier Inn again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great deal!	Really nice and clean hotel. Well located. Nice bar downstairs for a drink or a quick breakfast. Nothing to complain about!	
Jul 18 2009 	Best hotel on our whole trip	Cannot say enough great things about this gem of a hotel. Convienient to the tube , open 24 hours for food and drink. The rooms were cool (AC) bed was extremely comfortable and bathrooms were very well lit and clean and contemporary. We also stayed at the County Hall property two nights on our visit and I would much rather stay here next time. My teenagers shared a room and had so much space. The staff was a bit slow, but still very helpful.	
Jul 15 2009 	CLEAN AND MODERN - JUST AS A PREMIER INN SHOULD BE	Clean and modern.Lovely room with the typically comfy bed for a great night's sleep.Restaurant in basement is a little boring with no windows but evening meal and full-on breakfast were good.RECOMMENDED.	
Jul 15 2009 	Could not have been more helpful.	My parents were looking for somewhere in Central London to stay one night prior to a family wedding and then again afterwards for a week to enjoy some time in London. We chose the hotel on the basis that it was relatively cheap and accessible. From our first contact with the staff to arrange their booking to the time my parents left, everyone we came into contact with was professional, helpful and friendly.We asked for a ground floor room for them and were allocated the same room for both parts of the stay. The room and bathroom were spotless, with a comfortable bed, air conditioning, flat screen TV and tea and coffee making facilities. Breakfasts were very good and again the staff in the restaurant area were friendly and helpful. We were very impressed with the standard of service and facilities and would happily use the hotel again.One point to note is that the front door of the hotel is on a Red Route, meaning that, in theory, cars and taxis cannot stop directly outside, bowever there is a back entrance on Chamber Street immediately benind the hotel and car access is possible here.	
Jul 5 2009 	Much improved - give it a go	I think this is either my 3rd or 4th review of the same hotel as ownership has changed several times. Last time I visited it was a premier and the sevice was appalling but this time it was much improved - in fact some of the best I have had in London.Rooms are still fabulous with large beds, really powerful showers and are very sizeable by London standards. When I checked in the gentleman was quick and professional and also did not broadcast my room number to all at reception. As a lone woman traveller this is a pet peeve of mine.Thoughtfully they had handwritten breakfast times on my key card and he gave me very precise directions of how to get to my room.Check out next day was equally professional. Last time I was there service in the bar was indifferent to say the least and this time it was warm and professional.I will definitely give it another go - it looks like it has returned to the standards it used to have as a Purple hotel	
Jul 2 2009 	spot on!	great hotel! stayed in room 510 on the top floor, very clean and modern looking with a nice flat screen tv with freeview. loved the service and we booked up for the all you can eat breakfast for the mornings, which we both really enjoyed and it set us up for the day. the location is spot on with a 5 min walk to the tube station and tower of london/ tower bridge. there are two witherspoon pubs on the doorstep and one of them is sittuated with great views of tower bridge. there is also a 24 hour bar at the hotel which is ideal if you want to relax after a hard days sight seeing. we never had our kids on this trip but we will be taking them next time as for location, price and service you will find it hard to beat in london!	
Jun 21 2009 	Nice hotel with convenient access to tube buses tower of london	I chose this hotel as i am partially disabled with a walker and it had disabled rooms. We spent 4 nights there in May 2008. Very roomy and good size bathroom. Very comfortable room. Very nice full buffet breakfast. Coffee wasnt good as it was instant from a machine but thats the only thing i didnt like about the hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. We went to the pub across the road and down a bit for dinner every night. Close to the tube and walking distance to Tower of london and then down to the boat on the Thames. The hop on hop off bus service bus stop is at the Tower of London and the tickets are sold there.Coming from Australia it was actually VERY expensive for us and for what we paid, we would have had a 5 star plus room with a view of the sydney harbour in australia, but because of my disability and the close access to the tourist bus, it was worth every cent. Highly recommended!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Very very good value	Stayed here with 8 friends &amp; very pleasantly surprised with the hotel. Had stayed with a Premier Inn in Newcastle a few months back &amp; that was fine but you knew it was a budget hotel. This place was far better, nice staff, rooms were lovely &amp; the bar/cafe area at the front was also great. Location very handy also, 5mins walk from Tower Hill tube &amp; 5mins taxi to Liverpool St station which was important as we were flying from Stansted. It's a little bit out of the way if you're going to Oxford St area or if you were flying from Heathrow or Gatwick &amp; we didn't sample breakfast or any of the food so can't comment on that but I'd certainly stay here again.	
May 27 2009 	Decent location price and overall place to stay	I stayed here as a woman travelling alone. The staff were very nice and tried to help me when asked, but they gave me some wrong advice about when and what tube lines were running. Also, they gave me some wrong advice about catching the Gatwick Express very early in the morning. When I got to Victoria Station, it was closed and I ended up having to pay for a cab ride out to Gatwick which is expensive. My bag had not arrived with my flight so when I asked the hotel for an amenities kit, which they had advertised, they said that they were all out. The location is decent but not great. It is a 5 minutes walk from the Tower Hill tube station which runs 2 different lines, which are sometimes closed from my understanding. There is a lot of construction going on around that tube station and the walk from the station to the hotel is somewhat confusing and a little scary for someone travelling alone. Most of the walk is through an area by an large building that seems to be deserted. The area shuts down on the weekends so nothing is open except for one pub that looked nice. Even when things are open, there are not a lot of options for eating or general shopping. I needed a place that sold toiletries and I was directed all the way to Oxford Street. The hotel didn't have some of the amenitites that seem to be even in 3-star European hotels, but it was clean and felt safe overall. For someone travelling on a budget, the price is good and the cons are not so bad that I wouldn't recomment it.	
May 4 2009 	Excellent Value for Money. Very clean and comfortable.	I have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel with my 8 yr old son. We normally stay in Premier Inns because we find them good value for money but this was the first time in this one. I don't know whether this is a newly furbished Premier Inn but I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the size of the room. We paid £85 a night for a twin room and breakfast was £7.95 for &quot;all you can eat&quot; and my son ate free which made it very good value.The beds at Premier Inn are SO comfy - like sleeping in cotton wool - and I found it really hard to drag my a**e out of bed in the morning. The bathroom is extremely clean and the shower is wonderful. There are no baths, but the shower is in its own cubicle and is better than my own at home! There is plenty of space and even a little seating ledge!This hotel is great for a weekend sightseeing in London. It is a 5 min walk from Tower Hill underground and only a 15 min tube ride into central London. My only small gripe was having to wait for breakfast. We had to wait 10-15mins each morning until they found us a table - mind you it was a Bank Holiday weekend so maybe the hotel was full. The staff were very helpful and apologetic and when we were finally found a table it was worth the wait. It is a buffet breakfast where you help yourself to as much as you want. There is the usual full English breakfast, which I must say was very fresh and tasty, along with the normal continental choices. I would definitely stay at the hotel again when we next visit London. I really can't see how a four star hotel in London could offer any more than this Premier Inn.	
Apr 27 2009 	Absolutely no complaints with the hotel but be careful where you eat.	Haven't stayed in a Premier Inn before, but if they're all this good I'd be pleasantly suprised. Very friendly staff, spotlessly clean rooms, brand new bathrooms. The location is perfect for any City business or sightseeing around the Tower and Bridge. As my husband said 'it is what it is, and it's very good at it!'Only thing I would say is I wish we'd stayed in the hotel to eat. Obviously there's not much in the vicinity that's open on the weekend and we ended up having some pretty atrocious meals in either the wetherspoons across the way or the other pub up the road, The Minories. It was marathon weekend, so it may be this isn't indicative of the food usually. Based on the great breakfasts we had in the hotel, I would much rather have stayed in and eaten!	
Apr 23 2009 	Really Good Hotel	We went to London for 3 nights staying in this accomodation.The hotel is in a good location, about 5 mins walk from Tower Hill tube station (circle &amp; district lines), straight accross the road from there is the Tower of London &amp; Tower Bridge is just round the corner, St Katherines Dock - nice waterside development with restaraunts &amp; a few bars is 10 mins walk away (reasonable prices for food - drinks pricey though) Straight accross the road is a weatherspoons pub, great value breakfasts &amp; reasonably priced drinks, there is another weatherspoons also just at the other side of the tube station (just a couple of local bars to bear in mind considering some prices you can pay for drinks in London)The hotel is really nice, good size rooms, very comfortable. Nice Bathroom (no bath, just a shower but a superb one !!). The reception &amp; bar area are very nice, reception staff very helpfull .Only minor gripe was with a member of the housekeeping staff - they came to make our room up at 5.15pm on Sun when we were showering &amp; changing for evening, we got a scowl when we told them it wasnt convenient ! I guess they may have been short staffed but we dont think 5.15pm is a particulary convenient time to come. They came back later when we had gone out (we didnt ask them to) &amp; took our towels but didnt replace them, they also took out dirty cups &amp; glasses but didnt replace them - I would have rather they had not come back at all !! In fairness though the other days everything was just fine with the room being made up while we were out &amp; done nicely &amp; prperly.We did contemplate splashing out on a fancy hotel as we were away for our 1st aniversary, however I am really glad we chose this hotel at a reasonable price &amp; saved some extra for spending money - we definitely made the right decision.We would reccomend this hotel &amp; we would deiniately stay here again.	
Apr 14 2009 	excellent hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights. Hotel was immaculate. Large family room with 6&quot; double bed and 2 single beds, one was a 5&quot; foldaway. Bathroom must have been refurbished recently as it was spotless. Our room was on the second floor and looked on to the railway but due to secondary glazing couldn't hear the trains. Breakfast was good value for money. Very handy for DLR, Tower of London, Tower Hill and Aldgate tube stations. Would stay here again.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great hotel	Recently stayed at this hotel for 1 night. Check in was flawless, very quick and straightforward. Our room was immaculate as was the bathroom. The room was also very spacious. Breakfast was buffet style were you could help yourself to everything from cereal, fruit, croissants, juice to cooked breakfast. We found all the staff very friendly and helpful. We could also leave our luggage on checkout to pick up later in the day. The luggage was put in a locked room and we were given a ticket to collect it. The hotel was approx 5 minute walk from Tower Hill tube, the Tower of London, Tower Bridge and Tower Pier where you can catch the river cruise along the Thames. The only downside was there were only two choice's of draught lager, one of which wasn't working. This left us with Stella, which I don't like! Had to have a bottle of lager instead which cost more for a lesser amount.Overall really good hotel, would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent value!	Prescot Street on a cold, wet night is hardly welcoming but this hotel is warm comfortable and friendly.We were given a 5th floor room with a side view of theTower, &amp; overlooking the DLR railway. We barely noticed the passing electric trains and enjoyed an excellent night's sleep.Spotlessly clean room, excellent shower with built-in seat and a splendid breakfast complete with helpful staff - thisis a must for a return visit, especially at £88 rack rate: we had a great internet deal!	
Feb 23 2009 	Good value good location very good choice	I stayed here with my family between Christmas and New Year's, booked on the Internet. We had a &quot;family room&quot; which included a queen-sized (possibly bigger) bed and two twins. Although neither huge nor fancy, the space was perfectly adequate for the four of us and the room had all the amenities we needed. Despite facing the railroad tracks, we did not find the noise to be a problem at all. Bathroom was new and clean with an excellent shower (no tub, FYI). The front desk staff were very helpful. Breakfast buffet was superb, with lots of healthy and/or traditional English choices, and a great deal where two kids under 16 eat free with a paying adult. It was a little tricky to find the hotel the first time but no problem after that. It's within a 5-minute walk of three tube stations and the Tower. Many good restaurants within about 10 minutes' walk, including the wonderful experience of Brick Lane in &quot;Banglatown&quot;. Convenience stores and off-licenses also nearby. Although a little on the edge of things geographically, it is easy to get anywhere via the Underground, and walking along the Thames is very pleasant. The only downside was that Internet access is not free. Highly recommended.	
Jan 23 2009 	Mixed experiences	Stayed here on more than one occasion recently for business. Two different experiences. On one visit, my room faced a small courtyard and was quiet. Next time I stayed there, the room faced the railway line and the police station to the rear of the hotel, resulting in a broken night.That said, this hotel is situated brilliantly, it's a short walk into the Liverpool Street area of the city and an even shorter walk into the Tower of London / Tower Bridge area, and you can't fault the price, the cleanliness, the service or the food. I recommend, therefore, that you take a pair of ear plugs in case you get one of the rooms at the back.	
Dec 10 2008 	Good but not excellent	I stayed in the hotel in a standard double room in the beginning of December.In general all was good, no real problems.The hotel and the room looked clean and freshly renovated.There is still something that do not let me give an excellent mark.Payment:- When I arrived, I tried to pay with a credit card as usual, but the transaction was failing. Finally I gave up and paid with cash. When I was back home, I found that however the money had been blocked on my account. Now I need to visit my bank to unblock it. Wow, what a fun! :)Room:- The room was rather small. Acceptable, but still small.- The window was half a normal size. It lead to some not pretty inner yard, with no greenery, but with a small tractor :)- No mini bar - not handy.- No central heating – only conditioner. After you use it to warm the room the air becomes very dry.Other:- IMHO, the location is boring as compared with West End. The eastern part of City (which is very close to the hotel) looks like one big construction site :)I paid 110 pounds per night per room in average, and I think it’s a bit too much, especially off-season.So the hotel seems a bit overpriced, and may be not least because of all this good ratings here :))P.S. If you worry about possible noise from the railroad, do not worry, it’s not heard at all.	
Nov 30 2008 	directions given led me to the wrong hotel!	My company booked this hotel for me as I was attending WTM at Excel and the location was quite convenient, however, on the wet evening I arrived, it took me over two hours to get to the hotel from London City Airport and this was not all because of public transport delays In short, I followed the directions on the email confirmation I had been sent and arrived tired and wet to the hotel, only to find that I was in the wrong place! I had followed the directions very carefully but had ended up at the Tower Bridge Premier Inn. They suggested I get a taxi to the right one, and in the taxi, the driver remarked that he had taken a few people from this hotel to the other, then charged me £11 pounds for the pleasure, justifying the high charge for a five minute trip by explained that we had crossed from one postcode into another! I was really exercised by the time I got to Tower Hill Premier Inn and I showed my email confirmation to the man at check in. In fairness he agreed the directions were to the wrong hotel and refunded me the £11. The lady who was checking me in told me the restuarant was about to close but if I wanted to order something she'd phone down to the kitchen now, which I thought was very obliging as I was ravenous and in no mood for venturing out to find somewhere to eat. The dish I chose was lovely, the staff were great, rooms nice and big, fairly basic in terms of facilities but very comfortable and absolutely adequate for my 1 nght stay. Overall the Premier Inns offer a good product but they need to sort out that little technical glitch.	
Nov 18 2008 	Delightful Location	This hotel is wonderful! The location is superb! It is close to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge with a nearby Underground stop. There is a great Indian restaurant a couple doors away called Cafe Spice Namaste, probably the best Indian in London. The hotel is also close to St. Catherine's Docks where there are several nice restaurants and bars. We enjoyed the Ping Pong dim sum place and Cafe Prohibition for late night cocktails. Our room at this hotel was large and clean and convenient. The staff were friendly and helpful.I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Just to confirm what has already been said: great hotel	Hi.I booked a family ( 2 adults, 2 small kids) room directly from hotel website as i preferred an option to cancel the reservation if we would have needed to do so.Hotel was recently renovated, room was clean and spacious. Within 5 minutes walking distance from Tower Hill Tube, 2 minutes walk to bus stop (100 takes you to liverpool st).We got everything we expected, but prepare for following:-Even this hotel is in City, maybe a bit far away. But in London, you need to use Tube/Bus anyway to reach the major attractions.- At least rooms 216,218 and 220 are located 20 metres away from railroad: windows were good as the noise did not reach the room but scenery is not pretty- There are no minibars/refridgerators in rooms- No iron eitherpractical tips:-Wetherspoons pub right across the street serves also breakfast, might be good option if you get bored to 7.99 buffet -Aldgate tube is also close-buses (except 15) from Mansell street go to Liverpool street tube. -I did not find any crocery stores nearby, there is one if you walk past the aldgate east tube. -The hotel has spacious luggage room which is under supervision of the hotel staff - you can easily extend your stay in london by leaving your luggage before/after check in/out.	
Sep 22 2008 	Premier Inns are the way forward..!	Clean, well located, quiet, good food (although service a tad slow) would still highly recommend - great that you can usually always rely on a Premier Inn for consistantly high standards but at a great price.	
Sep 6 2008 	Very good hotel	Note this hotel changed ownership from the Purple Hotel to the &quot;Premier Inn - London City (Tower Hill)&quot; in July 2008.I stayed here for two nights with my wife and teenage son. My wife and I had a double room, we booked a separate (single) room for my son.I booked through &quot;Roomex.com&quot; quite some time ago and got a reasonably good rate of £300 for all of us including breakfast. The new rates as a Premier Inn are £108 per room per night Fri-Sun and £124 per room per night Mon-Thu. Breakfast is extra at £7.50 for &quot;all you can eat&quot;. The breakfast is very good and seems reasonable value for money. There is plenty of choice and you can have as much to eat and drink as you want.We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant one night and this was also very good and reasonable value for the quality of meal. A two course meal for three including a bottle of wine came to £40.Both rooms were spacious (for London) and very clean. There was a secure luggage room where you could leave your bags after check out.The hotel is a five minute walk away from Tower of London / Tower Bridge. We ate one night at Zizzi restaurant at St Katharine's Dock right next to Tower Bridge (approx £10 each for one course meal including drinks). Lovely area on the river with huge yachts and plenty of choice of restaurants (see picture).We got an excellent night's sleep and didn't notice any noise from trains or the construction site mentioned in other reviews.I would stay here again because my wife loved the size of the rooms and the lovely bathroom.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great stay at this Premier Inn	We booked the hotel through Hotel Direct - we paid £270 for a double room and breakfast for 4 nights (saving some £200 off the Premier Inn website prices).The hotel is a five minute walk from Tower Hill tube station. We had a warm and friendly welcome on arrival and all our questions were answered. Our room was a little dark for me with no central light but rather spotlights and lamps, we were though on the west side of the hotel so we couldn't expect morning sun. Saying that the room was very comfortable with a flat screen tv, tea and coffee things and plenty of storage (although no doors on the wardrobe). There was a small but well laid out bathroom with good strong shower. The room (and likewise the rest of the hotel) was spotless.Breakfast is served on the lower ground floor. I believe its £7.50 per person. Polite and friendly staff meet you at the door and show you to your table. There is a huge range to choose from and its all you can eat! There was a full range of cooked breakfast items (including veggie sausages), crossiants, toast, muffins, range of cereals and museli, yoghurts, fruit salad, teas (including fruit and herbal teas) and coffees. They will also make porridge for you to order and can provide soya milk.We were able to walk from the hotel to Tower Bridge and also Borough market one day and then Brick Lane / Spitalfields the next. It was also only a short tube ride to St Pauls and central london. Ok its not right in the centre of London but we had no trouble getting around plus you will pay more for a Premier Inn nerarer the centre.You can get room service and there is a cafe in the lobby which both seemed reasonable priced, however there is a Wetherspoons (pub) about 100m away too. This is the city though, not a residential area and there is not many shops near the hotel. If you walk past tower hill station owards monument there are more shops / bars / restaurants (including a nice pizza express). There is a Tesco just outside Monument station so one day we got off here (one stop before tower hill) and walked back. It propbably only took an extra 5-10 mins.We did have a fire alarm go off one night but by the morning we had a polite note under our door apologising for the disturbance. On check out we were offered the opportunity to leave our luggage at the hotel for the day before we had the chance to ask!All in all a fantastic stay, though full price would have been too expensive for us for a weekend away. We had stayed at the comfort inn around the corner last year (we really like this location) and I would rate this hotel higher. If I can get a cheap rate again we will definitely be back!	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Hotel	I couldn't fault the hotel to be honest.5 mins walk from Tower Hill tube which is handy, rooms are clean and spacious and the staff are very friendly &amp; helpful.Only downside is the breakfast area situated in the basement with no windows. The breakfast is very good with good quality produce used.The scrambled eggs are a bit strange and the fresh orange juice is watered down so much it is beyond belief.Other than that great.Top tip, we went for a drink in the bar of an Indian restaurant a few doors up as it was midnight and nothing really open nearby. Avoid unless you want to pay an arm and a leg for a beer.£5.75 for a 660 ml bottle of Cobra and £5.25 for a regular white wine, steer clear !!	
Aug 22 2008 	One of the best Premier Inns	Was due to stay at the Premier Inn County Hall but was transferred here - much better option. Large clean and modern room, aircon, comfy bed, powerful shower (no bath), good quality decor. Staff were fine. Near enough to Tower Hill station for tube into the centre of town, but immediate area is nothing special (just office blocks). Agree with previous reviews about using the pub for breakfast rather than paying the Premier Inn prices, however. Overall a very good option - although for £112 it should have been!	
Jul 30 2008 	No more purple hotel!	Our stay at the Purplehotel was fantastic. We had a large, spacious room with all the facilities we needed- including air conditioning, which was such a bonus as during our stay the weather was very hot. I'm disappointed to see that it has now been taken over by Premier Inns, as I fear the price of a stay will contiue to rise. We booked through Hotel Direct and got a double room for £90 a night, with full English breakfast included. Looking at the Premier Inn rates, they now want over £100 for a double room, without breakfast, which is now £7.50 each per person, per day. On the other hand, the take over happened during our stay at the hotel and the staff with Premier Inn seemed friendlier than those with the Purplehotel- maybe it was the new uniform?Seriously though, it's a great base for London attractions, with the nearest tube station a 5/10 minute walk away. I would go back, but fear it may just become far too expensive to do so.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great value for money - lovely and clean!	Great hotel...Pros: friendly staff, excellent location, very clean, newly refurbished, comfortable clean beds, large airy rooms, huge showers, fairly quiet, good value for money.Cons: No real orange/apple juice for breakfast, a lift that doesn't stop on the 2nd floor, and no iron/trouser press in the room.	
Jul 14 2008 	Good value for you money	We stayed for 7 nights from June 28. We found the hotel to be clean, spacious even with another bed,and quiet because we had a room at the back beside the church. We never tried breakfast but across the street there is a pub offering breakfast from 2.5 pounds. Also on the way to the Tower Hill tube station there is a pub offering meals 2 for 8 pounds. I would recommend you bring your own alarm clock because the alarm clock is connected to the TV and when the TV is off the the clock is also off. The only way to see the clock is to turn on the TV. Also, I would have liked the room to have a fridge. What I did find odd is that when the bill hit 500 pounds they asked us to pay even though they had our credity on file.It took us 1.25 hours to get hotel from Healthrow by car (taxi). The tube station which has the circle and district lines and bus stops are about 8 minutes away. It takes approximately another 20 minutes to central London by tube. It will take alot longer by bus but you see all the sites. We felt comfortable walking from the tube station to the hotel even at midnight. The hotel is in walking distance to the Tower of London and Tower bridge. If you are looking for well priced, clean, spacious hotel room with helpful staff and do not mind taking the subway(tube) then this hotel would be recommended. If you want to be where the action is then choice a hotel closer to central london.	
Jul 5 2008 	Excellent hotel!!	The title says it all; this hotel was excellent! Booked the hotel site unseen based on tripadvisor reviews for a girl’s holiday with a friend. We were staying in London on holiday for 10 nights which is a very long time and got lucky that this hotel was so nice. The rooms are large compared to most European hotels. The bathrooms, although a little small, were adequate and the power shower was excellent after a long day of touring London. The beds were comfortable and tea/coffee making facilities in the room are a plus. Breakfast, if not included, is pricey so we suggest eating at the Goodman's Field (Whetherspoons) across the street. Very reasonable prices for all meals, friendly atmosphere, and FREE WIFI!! Don't pay the crazy amount at the hotel when you can get WIFI access for free at Whetherspoons along with a good meal and drink.Be warned the hotel is not in central London but in a business district. There is a not a whole lot right around the hotel but Tower Bridge and the Tower of London are a very short 5-10 minute walk away. Also Tower Hill tube stop is about 5-10 minutes walk which is very convenient for getting all around London (be warned Tower Gateway DLR stop mentioned in other reviews is currently closed until 2009, but Tower Hill is right across the street and should get you wherever you need to go).Most of the staff are very helpful and greet you with a smile. Only had one incident where a staff member would not take a phone message from someone who had tried to call while we were out. This was strange as just a few days before a note was left under our door of someone calling and requesting a call back. It could have been a misunderstanding between the person calling and the staff member but to be on the safe side, if expecting a phone call, be sure to let the desk staff know and tell them to take a message for you if you are out. Other than that the staff was great and helpful if you have questions for getting around London.One other thing: other reviews have mentioned the hotel being noisy and the construction work going on across the street. My friend and I had a front room on the third floor and never experienced any noise, coming from either inside the hotel or out. It is true you sometimes hear sirens due to Police/Ambulance station down the street but you get used to it quickly. The construction was not an issue maybe because we were high enough up off the street. I imagine different rooms might be a different story so if you are a light sleeper request a room higher up if possible.Over all a great hotel and I would definitely stay again!!Extra Tip: Look into the London Pass if you are going on holiday and will be doing a lot of sight seeing. The London Pass with travel (A tube/bus/rail card can be added on as an option) is an excellent deal: saves time and money.	
Jul 1 2008 	Clean tidy quiet. good value for money.	I had a pleasant stay here. a little out of central london for my liking, but transport links are very good. the hotel staff were a little 'cold' and not very engaging. but i couldnt fault the hotel accomodation at all.we had a lovely big room, all the basic facilities and we overlooked the railway line but were not distrurbed by any trains. catholic church next door which was handy for sunday mass. breakfast was fine - good choice of hot and cold. wifi was expensive to purchase though!	
Jun 30 2008 	Excellent Value for Money	Located in the financial district. Myself and a colleague stayed at this hotel whilst on a course in London on the 26th June. The hotel was immaculate, the rooms were nice, the toilet (altough a little on the small side) was more than adequate and tastefully decorated. The beds were comfortable and the in room facilities were excellent. Also plenty to choose from for breakfast, fruit, fry up, croissants etc etc. Would definately stay at this hotel again......on business or pleasure! Thumbs up from me =)	
Jun 15 2008 	Our New City of London Home Base	Located in the City of London's financial district, this hotel offers a very clean and comfortable stay for a very reasonable price. If you are looking for grand accommodations, you will have to look elsewhere - however, there is no such hotel in the City of London either.Very friendly and helpful staff. Newer furnishings, nice sized and efficient rooms and quiet too. Very close to the Tower Hill tube station and a short walk to Aldgate station. Stayed for six nights while in from the US on business. This is the best hotel I have stayed at in the City of London for such a purpose. If you are looking for a nice, clean and centrally located place to stay for a very reasonable amount, you should put this hotel on your short list.Breakfast was provided with our room rate and was very good. Lobby has a small coffee bar (open 24 hrs) and serves beer and wine too. Pre made sandwiches are available at the 24 hour bar. We visit London 2 or 3 times a year. This is our new “Home Base”. Our rate from the hotel web site “Web-Only Special” booked a couple months in advance was +/- $75 pounds / night with breakfast included.	
Jun 14 2008 	great place to stay	We stayed here on the 6 june for 3 nights with breakfast included in the price. we could not fault the hotel it was excellent. The rooms were spacious and spotless, the staff were polite and helpful and the breakfast was more than adequate.The location was within easy access to public transport including the Docklands railway and we did not find it at all a problem travelling into central London. We would most definitely stay here again.	
May 26 2008 	Beautiful roomy but far out	This hotel is near to the tower of London. It is a 5 minute walk from the Tower Hill underground station. The &quot;city&quot; is not very attractive and does not offer much to do. There was a nice pub on the corner and the lounge at the hotel was reasonable and comfortable. The staff was very helpful and the room was immaculate. The walk across Tower Bridge to the Southbank was easy enough. If you are looking for a great value and don't mind a walk, this is a great place.	
May 23 2008 	Great Hotel - would stay again	I stayed here for 3 nights in April 08 and thought it was a great hotel and will definitely stay again. I got a pretty good deal ($130/night CDN) and my room was very clean and spacious. We did have a room in the basement which at first i thought was odd and a little nervous about, but it was super large and there were large windows that faced a courtyard (not a great view) but still bright and perfectly fine. Friends of mine stayed on other floors and had a slightly smaller room but still great.Very comfortable bed, super clean washroom and shower - everything is new. Location is great and really easy to get around central london (tube stop a 4 minute walk). If you are looking for high end amenities this isn't it, but if you are a tourist or business traveller looking for a perfectly clean and comfortable place to stay, this is a really great hotel. Go to wetherspoon's across the street for a cheaper breakfast.	
May 12 2008 	for the price fantastic	Just returned from this hotel after spending 4 nights seeing the sights of London. Booked the hotel after reading the reviews off tripadvisor. Yes there is a building site across the road, and yes there is a rail track behind the hotel which was over looked from our room on the 5th floor. But neither of these bothered us on account of the noise insulation, in fact we had 4 nights excellent sleep and the rooms are spacious and clean, and could even see the tower of London, which is a five minute walk from the hotel. We got the full English breakfast in the price which in my opinion is one of the best I have had ,including higher rated hotel's .One negative which was commented on in other reviews was the dining room at breakfast time being a bit chaotic, we only found this on one occasion when most people must have come to breakfast at the same time. But after a short wait we were seated by the more than helpful staff.The location of the hotel is good for touring London as there is plenty of bus stops in the area, and the tower hill tube station is ten minutes walk away.I will put this hotel to the top of the list when I come to London again.	
May 4 2008 	An affordable quality hotel	Based on the positive reviews I read here I decided to give a try to this hotel and booked a twin room on hotels.com.The price I was quoted was very promising, knowing also the prices of similar ** and *** hotels in London.I stayed there 3 nights in a nice twin room on the 5th floor, high above the railway tracks which run behind the hotel. Don't worry about the railway, the windows keep the noise to zero, you can hardly say when trains are passing.The rooms are really nice, spacious and clear. The beds are one of the best I have ever slept in. There is also a LCD TV in the room. The bathroom has a super shower.In the room price there was no breakfast included, but you can have a really nice breakfast right on the other side of the street at Wetherspons.Overall, I was VERY satisfied with the hotel, it was as good as written by others in this forum. RECOMMENDED.	
Apr 29 2008 	Not a good night sleep possible	My wife and I just returned from our trip to London and have mixed reviews for Purple Hotel City of London. First, the best thing that this hotel has going for it is its customer service. The people at the front desk were always friendly, which is a bonus. However, the friendly front desk is not enough to get me to stay at this hotel again. Like other tripadvisor travelers have mentioned, the hotel is clean, in a central location, and the rooms are spacious. BUT – and this a major BUT – what people failed to mention is the GIGANTIC construction site directly across the street (10 yards away from the hotel front door), which has jack hammers, dump trucks, and other machinery rumbling from 5am to 4pm on week days and 5am – 12noon Saturdays. The hotel is also situated on a VERY busy street, which must have a police department or firehouse nearby because every 30 minutes either an ambulance/cop car/ or fire truck would go racing by all through the night. We were in executive suite 205 and couldn’t get a solid night of sleep the entire time we were there. If you are forced to stay at this establishment, AVOID ROOM 205. Yeah it’s nice, clean, and spacious – BUT YOU WILL NEVER SLEEP. We thought about transferring to another room, but we knew upon check-in that the hotel was fully booked and the front desk staff turned people away over the phone.Besides the noise factor, there was a minor detail that annoyed us. There were no wash cloths in this place. We notified the front desk that our room didn’t have wash cloths. They didn’t understand what a wash/face cloth was???? Now if hotels in Paris and Rome use wash cloths you’re telling me the Brits don’t? I thought that was absurd. How do Brits bathe? Just with a bar of soap? So, for future reference BRING YOUR OWN WASH CLOTH. My wife and I were forced to use the large hand towels as wash cloths, which was annoying.As others have mentioned, avoid the hotel restaurant. It’s expensive and the food tastes microwavable. It doesn’t really matter. They’re so many other places to eat within a short walk from the hotel, so you will have a lot to choose from. The WiFi and other amenities are EXPENSIVE. I believe they charge something around 10 pounds a day. IT ISN’T FREE. Also, take note, this hotel DOES NOT have early check in. When they state 2pm, they really mean it. My wife and I arrived at 12 noon and saw up to 18 other guests sleeping or loafing in the lobby because their rooms weren’t ready just like ours. The hotel does state check-in is at 2pm, but I found it strange that soooo many guests would have to wait on rooms.	
Apr 23 2008 	big thumbs down for the purple	Stayed for three nights over a weekend. I had stayed previously when the hotel was under different management and a different name and had a good experience then. However I was less than impressed this time. Reception was 'charming'. 'You've paid in advance but I need your credit card...' Response to my prompt that I had requested a room on an upper floor (booked weeks ahead) was ' there aren't any available...' It was then I realised I had a room in the basement. I wonder why hotels think it is ok for staff to display lack of basic/ common or garden manners. The room was a reasonable size but had a tiny window looking straight into a brick wall and was so dark that you had to have the lights on at any time of day. The window was caked in dirt, in any case. The rooms on that floor are on the corridor that leads to the breakfast room so do not expect any chance of sleeping late as the clientele progresses noisily in the mornings to the dining room. Breakfast was a complete 'scrum'. There were too many people for the facilities and one of the two coffee machines was out of order (and remained so for the 3 mornings I was there !) so queues were impressive and the dodging between people and overcrowded furniture made worse. Several staff members appeared genuinely nice and had manners, however others are boorish e.g. I witnessed an exchange between a young male bar tender and a group of German middle aged women. which was at some level disturbing, The mixture of mangled English delivered in slavonic and german accents as the 'attendant' demanded their orders and payment was disconcerting. Usual nonsense about the great deals on WiFi access, which belies the hyperinflated charges the hotel makes for this service. Whole experience was topped off by the weekend closure of the nearest tube stations and DLR(not he hotel's fault but added to the overall tone and emphasised the relative isolation of that area).Wetherspoon's pub across the street for cheap-ish meals but try to be served by the manager otherwise the same lack of anything resembling customer service (maybe it is just a London thing, except I know it isn't universal and so reflects on the establishments described).Advice; stay only if you have a reeeally good deal and be prepared. I guess this review will be the cue for a spate of reviews about what a hidden gem in the city this place is (none from the hotel itself). You have been advised.	
Apr 22 2008	Purple City of London Hotel	A functional base for site seeing in London,having stayed in many London average hotels ,this one is ideal for a short break.Myself ,wife and 5&amp;8 yr old childern stayed 13-15/04/08 in a family room , huge by London standards,5 mins walk to Tower hill tube,DLR and tower Bridge. Staff were efficient and courtieus at all times.Room was spotless with tea making facilities and flat screen TV.We could see tower of London from room.Area is very quiet at w/end as it is city business district.Weaterspoons pub across the road had a good selection of food and even though it was London city marathon day ,girl at counter could be a lot more civil !Building site at front of hotel,railyard at rear where we were but couldn't hear a thing !got best deal from certralr web site.This hotel is 2 stops from liverpool st where stansted flights and ryanair connect.Special thank you to the girl on breakfast Mon morning who served us at 9.30 am closing time for weekday breakfast.	
Apr 22 2008 	wonderful hotel	I was so surprised by this delightful hotel that I wish we had booked a whole week there and not just one night en route to Bruges via Eurostar.As country yokels, my husband and I are a little scared of finding our way round London but this was easy - circle line from Paddington and close to tube station. As it was marathon day an added bonus was that there were loads of policemen around to show us the way to the hotel (which was easy to find anyway) - and we could walk in the middle of the road!Our room was great with views of the gherkin and the city spread out in front of us. Our deal included breakfast and that was also good and set us up for the next day.Hotel location was brilliant - almost next to the tower. The first evening we walked along the river past the Globe and Tate Modern and along the millenium bridge to St Paul's. Didn't realise everything was so close. Following morning walked the other way to Wapping.Added bonus of hotel was late night coffee bar (and licensed bar) which was really comfortable.We shall definitely go back for a longer break to explore London. Basically this hotel has conquered our fear of staying in our own capital city.	
Apr 14 2008 	Central location great price would book again	We paid £50 for a friday night stay which I think is their standard price (it's slightly more during the week), breakfast is extra. For the price, this is an absolute bargain in London. It's centrally located, 5 mins walk from the tube and pretty much round the corner from the tower of london (which is spectacular) and Tower bridge. It's in the business district so the area was pretty deserted over the weekend. But as long as you don't mind hopping on the tube in the evenings, you can be in covent garden or anywhere central in about 15 mins. The rooms aren't spectacular - think premier travel inn style rather than budget chic. But they're clean, a decent size with a good shower and flat screen tv. Perfectly adequate for a city break.The reception staff were friendly and polite and there's a cafe and bar area in the lobby. We walked to borough market for breakfast rather than paying the extra £10. I would definitely stay here again as I think it would be difficult to find something of this standard in this location for the price. It's probably not the best bet for a romantic weekend away, but if you're in London so see the sights and sample the restaurants and you don't need five star luxury then this is a great choice.	
Apr 13 2008 	Good choice on a budget	I arrived early and didn't really expect my room to be ready, but I was offered a room in the basement - I was shown around before I decided to take one which I then did - very quiet down there and the room was large. Good hotel for the money - I got a double room for under £70. All of the basics and none of the luxuries which was what I expected. A great shower but no bath, tea/coffee but no minibar. Breakfast not included, but very comfortable bed and flat screen TV. So if you are prepared to get very good value for London, with none of the frills, then this hotel is a good choice. Checkout at midday which is also very good compared to some London hotels. I would stay here again if I needed to be in this area.	
Apr 10 2008 	Clean and recently refurbished but a bit second-class	My first impression was disappointing, with the plastic-finish tables and chairs and the TV in the lobby / bar area and not a very warm greeting from the receptionist. For my taste, the brown carpets and plastic wood-finish in the rooms look dated. The corridors and my room smelt strongly of cleaning agents, and because it is not possible to open the window and there is no fan in the bathroom, the atmosphere in the room was not very pleasant. However, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom spotless and there were good tea-making facilities with the lady at the bar readily supplying some fresh milk.When in this area I normally prefer the Apex City of London hotel; however, the prices are variable according to demand and it can be very expensive. I probably won't stay at the Purple hotel again.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great location great value	Found the hotel via Expedia and booked because of the relatively low price and the excellent reviews here on Tripadvisor.The hotel still feels brand new. We had a twin room which was exceptionally spacious for London. The bathroom was relatively large, too, and featured a large and powerful shower. The bathroom as well as the room were spotlessly clean; tea and coffee making facilities were available in the room as was a second pillow. Hotel staff was always friendly and helpful.The hotel is a 3-5 minutes walk from Tower Hill/Tower Gateway stations and the Tower (it could actually be seen from our room's window). From Liverpool Street Station (where we arrived) it's about 10 minutes by foot or two stops on the Circle Line.The street where the hotel is located is busy at weekdays but relatively quite on weekends. The same applies to the train tracks to Farringdon station which run past the back of the hotel, where our room was situated. But the windows seem to be pretty good insulated as the trains are not overly loud; so it should not be a problem if you do not have the lightest of sleep.The only negative point is the breakfast buffet for a whopping 9.95GBP per person which is quite expensive even for London. There is a J.D. Wetherspoon pub opposite the hotel which offers a full english breakfast for the half and towards the city and around Tower Bridge there a plenty of cafes which offer a more reasonably priced breakfast.Wifi is available at the hotel for a reasonable fee (see hotel website) and the pub mentioned before also offers free wifi.	
Apr 4 2008 	very pleased	very pleased with hotel, staff very good. wide choice of buffet breakfast including full english. everywhere very clean. large bedroom and kingsize bed ,which was comfortable.only problem was traffic noise as we were overlooking prescott st, however this is london so live with it, we will certainly stay again (but take some earplugs).	
Mar 29 2008 	Loved this hotel -- very clean and quiet! Highly recommend!	This hotel is located within a 5 or 6 minute walk from the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. It's in the financial district, so there's not much in the area for entertainment, but it's a nice, quiet location to come back to after a busy day and the tube is a couple minutes away so it's very easy to hop on and get around the entire city. The staff is nice even though they seem a bit confused at times. I think that could have been because they spoke English as a second language. Even so, we had no trouble getting information from them and they were very nice and helpful. The hotel is very, very clean. We got fresh towels and bed linens every day and the bathroom was scrubbed down every day. They gave us plenty of shampoo and body soap. The room was also pretty big! It fit two twin beds, a desk and TV area, AND another little sitting area. The bathroom was a decent size too and had a lovely shower stall with a seat in it. The restaurant was OK... I thought it was a bit pricey and the food wasn't fantastic but it was OK. I preferred to go across the street to Wetherspoons (nice to have a restaurant right across the street!). The hotel is really quiet at night (and during the day actually too) so I never had any trouble sleeping. The beds were a bit firm but again, I had no trouble falling asleep. They have wireless internet access (that you have to pay for) so if you want to bring your laptop, you can surf the web. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone as long as they didn't mind being in the quiet financial district. I hope I can get to London again one day -- I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 27 2008 	good hotel	stayed at Easter from Good friday to Easter monday, found the executive room to be very large and extremely comfortable and spotlessly clean.The staff were very nice and helpful. The shower is amazing, went in it twice a day it was that good an experience!breakfast though was a poor experience, very busy (Easter ) and too small a space to enjoy what was a good meal, people were queing for a number of minutes just to get a table.Area around hotel is void of much to do (bars etc) the wetherspoons across was closed all easter? there are a few other pubs past tower hill tube station.All in all a good experience.	
Mar 25 2008 	Very nice hotel	having just returned from our weekend away i thought i`d give my review, as that was the reason i picked this hotel.the hotel is very clean , very nicely and newly decorated. rooms were were no smaller than other hotels i`ve used. the shower nearly knocked me off my feet it was that powerful.the only downside i would say is you can`t open the windows so you have to use the air con, but no biggy.as stated only 5 mins from tower bridge/tower hill tube station, on the circle line which i think is the easiet line to get around london on.the wetherspoon over the road was closed for cheap breakfast, but the hotel one was only £5.50 (on offer for, some reason when booking they wanted £10 each person, so make sure you don`t book it on line) and there was plenty to eat, so no gripes there. the staff were very polite and helpful. all in all a very good stay.would i stay here again...... definately	
Mar 24 2008 	excellent location and value for money - for London	we had our family staying there for the Christmas break. The hotel is very well located, closed to the Tower of London, St Katherine Dock - and very convenient for transport (DLR, tube and bus 15 direct to central London).The rooms are fairly spacious especially for London and very clean. We were concerned about the noise - as the hotel is situated with the main road and one side and the DLR / train the other side - however it is well build and very good sound proof so you are barely disturbed by the external noises.Breakfast is quite expensive if not included in your deal - but with a good selection.Compared to a few hotels we have stayed in London, this is one of the best value for money we have found so far and very clean, modern.	
Mar 19 2008 	Really Good Hotel	Stayed here for one night as it was close to the venue of a business meeting I was attending. Very good location-close to Towerhill DLR and tube. Couple of good pubs in very close proximity to the hotel. Rooms were clean and tidy and it was a quiet hotel too. Staff were very friendly and attentive. Would stay again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Don't really want to recommend this hotel	Stayed at the Purple for 3 nights (7-9 March) and couldn't believe how lucky we'd been. We had an executive room (though hadn't asked for one and at a total price of £215 for 2 of us B&amp;B for 3 nights didn't expect it) situated at the front in the basement. Heard absolutely no noise from the building work across the road (even though they were working on Saturday) and even less of the &quot;hurricane&quot; on Sunday night.The room was enormous, the shower powerful and hot, plenty of tea/coffee etc., comfy beds, one pillow was enough but extras were on top of the wardrobe if needed.Buffet breakfast was good though the breakfast room did get a bit crowded and, on the Sunday, there didn't seem to be as much selection available though that isn't to say it hadn't been there if we'd have shifted ourselves and got up earlier. The bacon was really nice as was the scrambled egg. Plenty of cereals, yoghurts, ham, cheese etc. Also lots of tea varieties but, sadly, no Earl Grey.One gripe was the bar. We had two coffees one evening and the chap &quot;couldn't accept cash&quot; in payment so this was charged to our room. As I'd pre-paid and wasn't expecting anything to be added to my credit card I was a bit miffed but needn't have worried as, on checking out, the girl was more than happy for me to settle this in cash. The reception staff are friendly and polite; the breakfast staff a little less so but then so would I be if I started work that early. A word on checking-in/out - painless! and there is a locked luggage room where you can leave your luggage after checking-out.The Tower is less than 10 minutes walk away, Tower Gateway for DLR even less, Petticoat Lane 15-20 minutes walk, and there is a friendly general store/off licence if you turn right out of the hotel to the junction and cross the road (they seem to sell everything!). Wetherspoon's has all the deals that are in any other Wetherspoon's and the staff are friendly.All in all I really don't want to recommend this hotel because I want to stay again and if too many of you take notice of this review I may have difficulty getting in.	
Mar 11 2008 	Practical choice for Business or Tourist	A good choice for the Business traveller or tourist if you don't want to be be right in the heart of the city.It is only 5-7mins walk from Aldgate, Aldgate East and Tower Hill tude stations. 5 mins from Fenchurch street or 10 minutes from Liverpool Street rail stations so its easy to get about and you'll be in the West end etc in know time.If you are wanting to visit the tower of London, Tower Bridge, St Kathrines dock or the Thames river walks or boats its a good location to stay again only about 10 mins walk wawy.Checkin was poor taking 20mins with only one other person in front of me, check ot wasn't much better. A little work needs to be done there.Room wise was very good. Big room, air con, and a shower with a seat which was nice.I didn't have time to try out the food.There are various pubs and restarunts about but it doesn't have the night life buzz if thats what you want. On the other hand the river isn't far away if you want a stroll after a bit to eat.Opposite the hotel is a large building site so be warned if you get a front room. Ground works underway at the mo so it will be a while before the 18 storey building is complete.The back rooms back onto the railway. That said my room was at the back and it wasn't noisy.Paid £99 which isn't bad for London	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Hotel handy for City and ExCel	Stay here for four nights whilst attending exhibition at ExCel Docklands.Very nice rooms (bigger than Holiday Inn Express) and gtreat cooked breakfastOnly minor downside was only 10 TV channels (News 24 didnt work).2 minute walk from Tower gateway DLR station.	
Feb 21 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed for one night with teenager, younger child and grandparent. Excellent hotel offering good value for money. Huge rooms. clean bathrooms and close to tube station.We would book again	
Feb 16 2008 	Loved the Purple	This hotel had been recently refurbished and everything was to a very high standard. We got a bargain rate for an executive room which was very comfortable and spacious. Must mention the beautiful shower. This chain calles itself &quot;no frills chic&quot; but we had everything we needed - tea, coffee, hair dryer, TV, aircon. Excellent buffet breakfast, huge choice. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We definitely stay there again.Noel and Diane, Chester.	
Feb 8 2008 	Good value and convenient location	This was formerly the Sleep Hotel City of London and had just changed its name the weekend we arrived.It is a fairly new hotel and our our room was spacious with a large comfortable bed, air conditioning, tea and coffee making facilities and flat screen TV. The bathroom was clean with a good power shower and soft towels. As in many hotels, we found the quilt on the bed too hot but they had no thinner quilts nor any blankets when we asked .The room overlooked the road at the front of the hotel and despite this being fairly busy with traffic the room seemed well insulated from the noise and we slept well at night.The buffet breakfast included bacon, sausage, eggs, plus cereals, bread rolls, fresh fruit salad etc. The coffee was not so good being instant coffee from a machine. The breakfast room was hardly large enough for the size of hotel and there was a fairly long queue to find a table on the Sunday morning at its busiest.The hotel is located near to the Tower of London, Tower Bridge and the Thames and about a ten minute walk of Tower Hill and Aldgate underground stations handy for getting to the rest of London.	
Jan 22 2008 	Perfect for the Price	I stayed at this hotel prior to Christmas for vacation. This was my first trip to London. Overall I really enjoyed staying at this location.Pros - -New Hotel, 2007-Large room-Contemporary decor-Large, hot, buffett breakfast included-Friendly Staff-Located near Tower Hill Tube -Felt SafeCons-Located in business district. If visiting for pleasure, you might like a more centrally located hotel. However, for the price I felt it was a great value and location was not a downside for us. Less than 5 minute walk to Tube Station at the Tower of London.-Not many &quot;things to do&quot; within walking distance. However, there are some great pubs very close.Overall we enjoyed this hotel and would return if the price continues to be a bargain.	
Jan 20 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Booked the Sleep Inn for £50 a night for 2 nights B&amp;B and couldn't believe the quality on offer. Reception staff were friendly and helpful and check in quick and easy. The rooms are spacious, tastefully furnished, comfortable and spotless. The buffet breakfast is great and evening meal in the bar wasn't bad. There is a Wetherspoons across the street also doing breakfasts and a nice pub next door under a church as an alternative.The hotel has a good location - 15 mins walk from Liverpool St station, handy if you've flown into Stansted - and 5 mins from Tower of London and Tower Hill tube. The area is fairly quiet at night.I normally use Ibis or Travelodge for London trips, but I'll continue to use here as my first choice for London visits - business or breaks.	
Jan 19 2008 	good hotel	Booked through Superbreak. Spent one night mid week. Room was excellent - very spacious, fantasically clean, very comfortable bed and everything you could need for a comfortable stay (hairdryer, lots of towels and pillows, very efficient hot shower, tea, coffee and biscuits,). Staff very helpful and friendly and hotel is only a short stroll away from Tower of London and Tower Bridge. If you want comfort and cleanliness at a good price in London you can't go wrong here. A number of bars and pubs withing walking distance.	
Jan 19 2008	good value and handy for the o2 arena	Stayed here as we went to see the spice girls at the o2 arena, which is just a short trip on the dockland express railway from the nearby towerhill gateway station. So easy getting to the o2 from here.Paid £30 per person bed and breakfast via superbreaks website .Hotel spotless and modern, breakfast was ok too. Would recomend this hotel and would definatley stay there again.GIRL POWER..............................	
Jan 13 2008 	Great "no frills" Hotel	We stayed here for one night in a double room with another bed made up for a child.The room was clean and comfortable with modern decor.There was tea/coffee/biscuits supplied+hairdryer and some magazines.The bed is very comfortable and the extra bed got the approval of our son also.The bathroom was clean,well lit and had a good shower but no bath.The hotel was quiet at night with no rowdy stag parties which i have had the &quot;pleasure&quot; of experiencing at other &quot;no frills&quot; hotels.The breakfast was a pleasant surprise as it was both tasty and not overly crowded.I would have no problem recommending this hotel and I will definitely use it again the next time I am in London.	
Jan 12 2008 	Sleep in at the Sleep Inn...	We booked a twin &amp; double room for ourselves &amp; girls as we were going to see &quot;The Spice Girls&quot;, and I have to say, having stayed here made us realise we need a new bed! These were the most comfortable beds we slept in at an hotel EVER. The hotel itself is spotlessly clean, a bit spartan, but functional and efficient. The staff was friendly and professional, and checking in and out, and leaving luggage was all done effortlessly and smilingly. The hotel is close to Tower Hill Station, and the Tower of London. We didn't eat in the hotel, but Wetherspoons across the road did a very filling breakfast for three pounds!! Breakfast in the hotel was quoted at ten pounds. There is a very nice Indian restaurant, and a pub just down the road - under the bridge. If you're peckish at any stage, there is room service in the hotel, and there is a late snack facility in the foyer, but its a little on the expensive side (well there were four of us!). All in all, a nice little hotel. Would recommend to friends.	
Jan 3 2008	You will not be disappointed	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights after reading the good reviews. And they were right. Staff were friendly, room was spacious and clean. The nearest tube was just a short walk to Tower Hill then just few mins on tube to Charing Cross etc We got a really good rate of £65 per night per room. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 20 2007 	Great location to tubble into work the next day...	Great sized double room with everything I needed. Comfortable bed, friendly staff and very clean. Gorgeous hot breakfast in the morning, I would definitely stay here again. My only complaint would be that there was no power point near a mirror for the hairdryer but this was not the case in my friend's room.	
Dec 18 2007 	Almost brand spanking new!!!	I booked this hotel via Superbreaks for myself and 2 other work colleagues for a one night stay. This worked out at around £73 per room including a decent breakfast. The hotel is located in the vicinity of many of London's attractions...The Tower, The Thames, HMS Belfast, Brick Lane market and , as the name suggests, the City to name just a few. It is within easy walking distance (~500 metres) of Tower Hill tube station (District &amp; Circles lines), Tower Gateway (Dockland Light Railway), and circa 700 metres from Aldgate bus station. As the surrounding roads can be busy during the daytime, it really wouldn't be worth getting a cab.no wear and tear showing yet. The building is quite &quot;low rise&quot; (about 5 floors) but even so there are four elevators, a good reception / bar area, and a small but reasonable basement dining room. There seems to be a room order menu, though none of us tried this.The rooms are very good - not massive - but neither are they cramped, and they have all that you would expect, including a kettle and tea/coffee making facilites, (no fridge). The room I occupied had a king size bed, a decent sized shower but no bath - I don't know if any rooms do have baths. Outside of the hotel the area is on the fringe of the business district where it meets the Tower area of London. There always seems to be building work going on around here, but much of the area is in the process of being rejeuvenated, albeit over many years.Food and Drink; there's a reasonable &quot;chain&quot; pub (JD Weatherspoons) 1 minute away, and several good eateries within easy walking especially, as in so many cities, if you get off of the tourist run and dive down the back streets.Personally I wouldn't hesitate using this place for weekend breaks - or even longer - and will recommend it to friends and work colleagues alike.	
Dec 17 2007 	Good hotel but disappointing location	This was the first hotel we stayed in during our vacation in Europe, and one of two in London. While I thought it was a good deal for the price, we were completely unaware that it was located in London’s financial district. When we arrived on a Saturday afternoon, we literally wandered for hours looking for a restaurant that was actually open as everything in the area operats on business hours and is closed during the weekend. The hotel itself was pleasant and we had a nice stay. It was very close to the Tower of London, which was a plus. It also had nearby access to the subway. However, I think it was a bit too far from the main attractions for sightseeing. Also, be warned – this is a very long trip from the airport so avoid taking a cab there.	
Dec 13 2007 	Clean practical and large rooms	Booked at short notice and still got good rate when only lower quality hotels where available.Very close to Tower of London and Tower Bridge, though shops are at least 5-10 minute walk away. Witherspoon's pub with meals just across the street. Located on quiet street.Whilst no frills, this is a good clean and very modern hotel with larger rooms than most London hotels. Would use it again if in this area.Back of hotel is the railway, whilst this did not bother me ask for a front room if your a light sleeper. Breakfast was simple but quality stuff in a clean environment. Staff helpful when I used them.I noticed they were doing rooms at Xmas 07 for £45.	
Dec 8 2007	Comfortable modern and a good value.	We stayed at the Sleep Inn, and found it to be a very clean, modern facility--large rooms, comfortable beds, and a quiet location. We drove to London on Saturday when there is no traffic congestion fee, and arrived at the hotel after 6pm. At that time, we found it fairly easy to park on the street near the hotel for free, and left the car overnight without incident. The area near the hotel seemed safe, and the location was convenient to the Tower of London for Sunday strolling.The only negative is that my daughter forgot her iPod under the bed pillow in her room, and when we returned to the hotel only a few hours later to get it, we saw that the room had been cleaned, but nothing was ever reported to the lost and found. Of course, my daughter bears the responsiblity for forgetting the iPod, but we'd have hoped for a little more honesty. Anyway, I'd strongly recommend the hotel, but would suggest that you take the precaution of hiding or carrying smaller items that might be tempting to staff that has access to your room while you're away. And by all means, triple check the room for your belongings before checking out, or you may regret it!	
Nov 20 2007 	Nice rooms no room safe though..	Nice hotel, rooms pleasant, and very clean, although paid for exec room, didn't get it, and had to wait to check in. As I'd got a very cheap deal, wasn't too concerned, regular rooms are fine.Was also concerned that there was no room safe, and was told guests &quot;not allowed&quot; to use staff safe in reception. Was told this was because the Sleep Inn was a &quot;restricted service&quot; hotel...Good enough location, bus access to Liverpool Street/ 5 mins walk from Fenchurch St/Tower Hill.My room looked directly over the train tracks, and trains started at 5am. Not hugely loud, but loud enough to wake me up. AC was also very loud.If your main concern is a clean, pleasant room, then I'd definately recommend the Sleep Inn. I would stay here again, only if I managed to get another cheap deal though.	
Nov 11 2007 	Superb value! Highly recommended!	This hotel is a hidden treasure, delivering exceptional value at a very reasonable price. Don't be deceived by the hotel's affiliation with a &quot;discount&quot; hotel chain. It is very good.There are no bad parts, so let's go directly to the best points:Location: In the City, about a 5 minute walk from Tower Hill Underground Station. This is about a 20-25 minute tube ride to the tourist spots and theatres of the West End, but excellent for anyone with business in the City's financial and business center.Rooms: Spacious, modern, spotless, and well-furnished.Food: The bistro adjacent to reception has very good light meals and drinks at a very good price for London.Internet: Good wireless service throughout the hotel, pricey by U.S. standards but about average or slightly lower than most London hotels.Front desk / reception: Some commentators have criticized Reception, but I found them to be, without exception over the four nights of my stay, competent, friendly, and service oriented. When I arrived two hours before check-in time, following an overnight flight, they upgraded my room in order to get me into one right away. Checkout was flawless.Price: I would have paid twice or almost three times more for a comparable room in most other comparable hotels in London.How to get there: Take the First Capital train from Gatwick to London Bridge Station (not the Gatwick Express to Victoria), then a relatively short taxi to the hotel.	
Nov 7 2007 	Fantastic! My Preferred Hotel Now In London	I arrived early from a 5am flight and they were able to give me access to the room straight away.The room was huge! It had a king size bed, a roll away huge bed and a sofa lounge. You could have slept 6 people there quite comfortably.Bathroom decent size and the entire room was very clean and tidy.Very close to Tower Hill Station and the Tower of London. On a popular underground line so easy to get to. If Tower Hill Station is not operating, it is just as close to Aldgate Station.When I go to London next, I will definitely be booking straight back into the Sleep Inn City of London. You can't go wrong.	
Nov 7 2007	breakfast a complete nightmare	We stayed at this hotel on the 2nd Nov for 2 nights, 4 of us. The Hotel very nice clean, Room big bit noisy by railway lines. Bed comfortable, bathroom very big and shower lovely and warm. Coffeee making facilities always filled up everyday. The downside was long time checking in even though i had already booked. The dining room very dingy and small. For the amount off rooms there were a ridiculous size. When we went down for breakfast the 1st morning big queue, we thought it was waiting to open, but it was people queing for a table.My husband would'nt queue said it was demining, he went to a cafe both mornings, the rest of us queued, but not happy about it. When we did get to a table it was very good. Everybody was moaning about it. I complained to the reception, in the finish they opened up the meeting room and people were taking the breakfast up to the reception to eat, which you should'nt need to do.The drinks at the bar also very expensive.Location very good. Overall i like the hotel but breakfast let it down, which is a shame.	
Oct 30 2007 	Wauw!	My husband and I have been to London many times and we have stayed in a lot of different hotels. The Sleep Inn impressed us! Hotels in London are usually expensive, old and the rooms tiny. But this one was quite different! Spotlessly clean, spacious room (for London), qiute new. Check in and out was quick and efficient. Room was cleaned every day. The shower was exellent and very easy to use. The bed was big and comfortable wiyh a nice duvet. Breakfast was not included in our price so I cannot review this, but there is a pub called Wetherspoons just across the street where we ate hearty breakfasts and drank many a pint of beer. The hotel is qiute close to the undergruond. The area is nice and quiet, no street noise. There is not many shops or restaurants close by, but it was no problem for us. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone, from families to business travelers. I would really like to stay there again!	
Oct 25 2007 	excellent value for money	have stayed in couple of hotels around the £100 mark in london and this is the best by far.lovely, new and clean and huge bedroom and bathroom.very quiet and staff friendly.shower was huge and had a seat in it!!will always use this hotel for london stays.jas	
Oct 24 2007	Uncomfortable	My experience of this hotel was bad from start to finish. The check in process was slow and we were not given a non-smoking room as requested.No attempt at an apology was made for this mistake.The room was cold and the only heating was from a noisy fan on the ceiling which blew hot air on your face all night or not - the choice is yours, freeze or be kept awake by noisy air. I was told that I could buy a drink from the bar but that a deposit of £20 was required, even though the drink cost only £3. This was in case I should run off without paying for it in the morning, as their till was broken. I still can`t understand the logic behind that. The bed was so comfortable that I slid off it at least twice in the night.All in all, a nightmare of a place and it sums up all that is bad, sloppy, unprofessional and dihonest in the UK hotel trade . AVOID!!!!!!!!	
Sep 17 2007 	fab hotel	Stayed here for long weekend. Great hotel couldnt fault. immac clean very friendly staff, excellent breakfast and plenty of choice.Perect for all tourist attractions. We never had a problem with any drunks on 15 bus. Disagree with prev comments as 15 bus or tube gets you to piccadilly circus and main shop areas in no time. Would strongly recommend this hotel, I'll be back.	
Sep 11 2007 	perfect for short stay	Booked this hotel on the basis of other reviews from tripadvisor and was not disappointed. Hotel is a class above your general economy ibis/novotel type hotel- feels much cleaner and more personal.Hotel was easy to find from tower hill tube station and close to nice quiet tourist area- cross tower bridge to find lovely restauants on the waterfront- but they close early don't go later than 9.30pm!! Also lovely indian restau over in aldgate- katsuri.The number 15 night bus comes across town from the busier noisier areas like picadilly and oxford circus, but is generally full of drunk young people, stay downstairs if possible.Check in was short and simple, no complaints about the staff- very friendly. Room was clean - and well cleaned each day. Bathroom has a great shower, really big and powerful, no fan in bathroom unfortunately.Breakfast is buffet, english and continental- good choice, but I agree with the person who wrote that it feels like a cafeteria- blue trays and seats squashed together. Very cold in there also, and tv blaring on sky news- but they turned it off when we asked them. We had dinner in the hotel one evening- lovely meal, service a bit scattered though- need to be very clear with waitresses.Wifi is available- they do a special offer for unlimited use over four days for GB17- this is good value as it is usually GB5 per hour.All in all perfect for a short stay- we were there 4 nights, and would certainly use the hotel again.	
Sep 9 2007 	Reasonable value for London	This hotel represents reasonable value for London. The rooms seem quite new and feature tall ceilings, which is a nice touch. My wife and I found the bathroom to be quite spacious, which is quite a bonus by London standards. The shower was quite new and had a great water flow.The hotel is located in the business district so it is rather quiet. It is close to a railway line but I don’t recall hearing much train noise.The buffet breakfast for 10 Pounds is good by London standards but be warned they promptly start packing it up at 9:30 AM on the button.The closet Underground station is Tower Hill.	
Sep 2 2007 	Great Hotel!	We stayed here when I went to London with my cousins when we were doing 2 days in London. On arrival it was a quick check in and we were in our room by no time. The room was very new and modern and only a few doors from the breakfast room. The room has a large double bed and a pull out so it did me and my 2 cousins (13yrs and 11yrs). The breakfast was great and offered a variety of things. It was very close also to the DLR and Tube. Great for the Tower of London &amp; Tower Bridge. Also a OK area.	
Sep 1 2007 	confortable but lousy desk service	The hotel is modern, the room and bed are of decent size and clean. Price is ok, considering that London is quite expensive.It is not in the center of London, but close to the City and the Tower area.The only negative are the ladies at the service desk.Most are trying to be helpful, but clearly do not know anything about London.There were a couple who were knowledgeable, but quite unpleasant and snappy. They should be in the military rather than in the hospitality business.	
Sep 1 2007 	not bad but been to better	Having read the other reviews I am starting to think I am a little fussy but whilst I thought this hotel was ok I have been to much better.The rooms were a decent size with flat screen TV and were exceptionally clean. There is air conditioning and tea and coffee and good size towels. The shower in the bathroom is a good size but there is no bath. the bed was comfortable and it was pretty quiet.On the downside our room looked out into a small stairwell and very close behind that other buildings so we got very little natural light into the room( we needed to put the lights all the time). There are no drawers but quite a few shelves and hanging space as long as you are not staying long you should have space.The location is abit out of the way for leisure trip, it was fine during the day as it isn't far from tower Hill tube station but if you wanted to go to the West End you were reliant on the tube or taxi's if it was late.The breakfast was our real complaint, it had the feel of a cafeteria, self service on plastic blue trays , the hot choice was pretty limited and we never found all the items available at the same time so you ended up putting some items on your plate and hanging around the serving hatch for the remaining ones, and unless you specifically got their attention the staff behind the serving hatch basically ignored you we had to ask several times for cutlery, bacon, beans, sausages etc they didn't seem to routinely replenish . The restaurant was small and the tables close together. The hotel is pretty cheap and overall it was ok but I have been to much better	
Aug 31 2007 	Great Hotel	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Sleep Inn. The hotel is good, allowed us to check in early 11 o'clock. The hotel is clean comfortable and friendly.This was our first trip to London, The Location is excellent for the Tower of London and Tower Bridge, (you can't stay closer). Perhaps not the most convenient if you want to go to West end shows and the busier Piccadilly circus or Leicester square for nights out.The train track does run past the hotel, but the trains are all going slow as they stop at the station, so they never disturbed us.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great hotel!	We're just back from a 4days break in London and this hotel is very convenient located near the Tower of London and the Tower Bridge. It is only a 5 minutes walk from the Tower gateway Tube so you can be in 15 min. to any where in the centre of London by underground! The hotel itself is very clean and nicely decorated. The rooms are spacious and have all comfort you need for a short break. The breakfast was included in our package and the buffet had a wide range of food ( croissants, cornflakes, fruit, eggs,bacon,.. ) . In the immediate area of the hotel you can find some pubs and restaurants, also nice is to take an evening walk to see the lights of the Tower and the Tower bridge..	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Value	This is a new hotel with excellent room rates for downtown London. It's close to Tower Bridge and within easy walking distance of numerous good restaurants and attractions. The elevators work quickly; the whole place is clean and staff are courteous, friendly, and efficient in service. The dining room had some issues that required it to be closed during part of our 4-day stay, so we did not use it; but the main floor coffee shop was open and its staff were helpful; indeed, for a small tip they kept a bottle of champagne chilled for a special occasion (there are, of course, no refrigerators in room). They charge extra for internet access; but there are no internet cafes close by that we found, so one must use the hotel's service. There is not much to see from room windows, as this section of the City is being redeveloped; nonetheless, the rooms were quiet. Room sizes are about normal; however, there are at least three, possibly four, rooms that are larger, but at the same rates: request rooms 215, 315, or 415 to get an extra set of windows with accompanying space for small items such as electronic equipment and more floor space (we stayed in 415, and looking from outside, it's clear that these bay-like windows are grouped vertically). There are no dresser drawers in room; instead they use cubicles for items, including suitcases. There are flat-screen tv's, but with little choice of channel offerings (Bloomberg, 2 BBC, channel 4, and music video). Beds are comfortable; extra pillows are available in room. Pay attention to the warning signs about using the shower, because if you don't completely shut the bathroom door, the smoke alarm will go off--loudly. The bathrooms are fine, but like so many they don't have enough shelf space around the sink. The housekeeping staff scrub the floors every day, even when the same occupants are in the room. Taxis travel Prescott street regularly; even so, staff will order one for you. This is a super value hotel for London that we would return to in a heartbeat.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great Value!	The Sleep Inn was a great surprise! While it is a little bit interesting to get to (I was walking from Liverpool Street Station, and nearly got lost in Petticoat Lane), it's pretty easy if you're walking from Tower Hill or Aldgate, I later learned.The hotel is new and clean, and while the elevators are rather small, there are three of them. The hotel corridors are also kind of labyrinthine and you can take a couple of turns before reaching your room. The signage is good, however.The rooms are very nice, clean and fresh. There is an LCD TV with a built-in alarm in it. The bathrooms are very nice, with a seat in the shower, and everything was clean and in good working order.The phone is cheap too. Cheaper than payphones, as I only payed one pound, forty pence for 4 phone calls, one of which was to Canada.It is an incredible value. Booking through the hotel website, I managed to get a great rate (72 pounds/night) and free breakfast too! The breakfast is nice, but doesn't change from day to day.In all, this is a great hotel for anyone who likes value and a comfortable, clean place to stay. It isn't in the heart of London, but that is taken care of by picking up an Oyster Card and taking the Tube wherever you want to go.	
Aug 19 2007	Great hotel...okay location	Great hotel, with very clean and spacious rooms. This was the first time EVER in the 20 years I have been traveling to London where I was granted early check-in to my room; arrived at the hotel around 11:00 a.m., expecting to dump bags and wander around town for a few hours, but immediately found a clean room for us. Great breakfast and satisfactory cafe; no wake up calls, had to rely on the tv clock. Close to Tower Hill tube; do prefer to stay closer to the West End.	
Aug 15 2007 	Super nice hotel	We stayed 5 nights at Sleep-in and the hotel was a very positive surprise.The hotel is brand new and have very nice rooms and a cool lobby. The reception is very friendly and helpful.The rooms are very nice with all the facilities you expect - except a safe deposit.Breakfast was included in the price and the food was fine - although the breakfast area got very crowded.The location is a little outside central London, but the Tower Hill tube station is just a few 100 meters away. Anyway the area around Tower and Tower bridge is very nice.Highly recommended.	
Aug 13 2007 	Loved It	Excellent location just minutes from Tower Bridge, the Tower of London and HMS Belfast. The staff were very knowledgable. The room was very comfortable with a good supply of tea coffee and milk and the air-con was a bonus as we were there the hottest weekend of the year. Plenty of hot water although there is only a shower. The breakfast was more than adequate with continental and full English available.The dining area is small but we were able to spill over into the conference room. I will definately go back and will try one of the weekend breaks that the staff informed me of.	
Aug 12 2007 	Perfect stay for 6 days in August 2007	I wrote a longer review that somehow never got posted, so here's the abbreviated one.Tip: Put your room key card in the slot by the door or the lights won't work.Pros:-Gorgeous fit and finish of interior-Excellent use of roughly 216 square feet-*Immaculate* room, excellent housekeeping-Only about 5 min walk to Tower Hill Tube station (good for Jack the Ripper walks)-2 min walk to bus route 15 stop-safe neighborhood-within 5 min walk of Tower Hill bridge-Brand new (Mar07) -Reasonable coffee/food bar in the lobby-Walker's biscuits every day in the room-Coffee and tea selection perfectly adequate with real milk (and they actually give you enough, about 8 little plastic containers per day to use)-Shower is awesome, adjustable and powerful-Doors are made of real wood, not plastic junk or steel-LCD TV in room easy to use-Pleasant fron desk folks-Only a 1 pound charge for using calling cards to US. -internet speedy *enough*, even in our distant room - 1.6mps down and 400kps up.-lobby is quite comfy and modernCons:-The room my wife and I stayed in was exactly 12ft x 16ft. But, we never felt clautrophobic, the materials they used to build the place are very high quality and the shower is incredible.-We could not get incoming messages. They had no voice mail system set up when we stayed there (Early August 07). Messages were hand-written and delievered via housekeeping.-interenet, but you get hit for 5 pounds an hour, and have to go to the front desk to get a voucher. Not the most convenient setup.	
Jul 21 2007 	Very nice!	This hotel was a great place to stay. It's new, very modern and located very close to the Tower tube station. This area has undergone gentrification and is very safe to wander in after dark. The hotel had good beds, good plumbing, friendly staff, and a wonderful breakfast. I can be very critical and could find nothing wrong with the Sleep Inn. It was great!	
Jul 18 2007 	Great stay	This is a new budget hotel in Central London, Rooms are very clean and quite large when compared to other city hotels. Breakfast included both a cooked and a continental section. There is a bus no. 15 which goes to trafalgar square and Piccadilly and the train, underground and docklands railway are only a 5 min walk away from hotel.I would recomend this hotel to anyone travelling to london on pleasure or business because it is very good value for money.	
Jul 11 2007 	Really good hotel	Me and my girlfriend stayed here last week for 5 nights over the weekend on Live Earth. We spent weeks looking for the right hotel, reasonable price, right location, good reviews etc on trip adviser. We eventually decided on the Sleep inn. It was the right decision! We were a little worried when we first arrived as it looks a little shabby and dull but don't let the out side put you off. The hotel is new and modern it has a nice feel about it. There is a 24h bar which provides drinks and snacks (sandwiches, pinini's etc) the breakfast is £10.00 each so abit on the pricey side, it was good and there was lots of choice so if you can get a good deal on B+B then that would probably be a better option. However if not there is a clean friendly and quick serviced wetherspoons just opposite. Other than this the staff at the hotel were pleasant and a maid service cleaned and provided new towels everyday. We had a non smoking room booked which they had fully booked so we ended up with an access room (which was non smoking). this was actually a really good room it was huge and well decorated. It had a bath instead of a shower but the in bath shower was good really hot and powerful. we read in other reports that the showers were huge so we were a little disapointed there....It is perfectly located near 3 underground stations (Algate, Algate East and Tower Hill) We found Tower Hill as the best station as it has acsess to the circle line and the distict line. The underground station at tower hill is a 5 minuite (max) walk and the services run regularly and till reasonably late. The hotel is also well located for bus services the number 15 left from the underpass at the top on the street and seemed a quite frequent service which went towards covent garden and leicester square.I would recommend this hotel to anyone really it is away from the centre of london so not great if you want something more in the middle but its transport links make it perfect for sight seeing. We enjoyed our stay and would stay there again if we were to visit london in the future.	
Jul 11 2007	Got a good deal so it was OK wouldnt pay full price	The hotel is quite a distance from attractions (apart from Tower Bridge etc) of London and does feel a little out of the way. We booked for one night in order to go to Stansted first thing to catch the Stansted Express (which is a great service by the way) from Liverpool Lime St which cost about £15 in rush hour taxi. Got what seemed to be a really good deal on a website £86 per room p/n. The room itself was big enough for the 2 of us. Great shower. The only problem we were shoved right at the back of the hotel, in the corner room with one window looking directly onto multiple railway lines and the other onto a building site. Was woken early in the morning by both but it wasnt a problem as i had to be up anyway! Clean room and pleasant staff apart from that. Breakfast room a bit weird.	
Jul 9 2007 	great value highly recommend	This was a great 'find' as its location and value for money are excellent. We checked in and were actually put in a much larger room than we had booked. This one accomodated up to 4 people, it was huge. The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean - the hotel is very new but the housekeeping must be pretty good too.All staff were polite and friendly.We only ate breakfast no other meals and it was fine, not amazing but more than adequate for the price.The hotel is a few minutes walk from the DLR and the tube station.I would definitely stay here again and recommend it highly.	
Jun 27 2007	Great Value	We stayed here two nights and found the hotel to be excellent. Very clean,very friendly and very quiet. The room sizes vary and ours was quite small, but as we really only need somewhere to get a comfortable nights sleep after a long day of sight seeing it was morethan adequate. If you specifically require a large room you it would be advisable to ask when booking as the hotel appears to be very popular and choice on arrival may be limited. It is in an excellent location ,close to numerous tourist attractions and the DLR. The quality of the breakfast was outstanding too, considering the price. As this is a fairly new hotel, the room was still in tip top condition and everything worked as it should. We will definately be returning. Tourist Tip, don't bother to buy tickets on the tourist bus, instead catch a Number 15 LondonTransport bus just aroung the corner from the hotel. It passes many of the attractions en-route and is far cheaper, particularly if you have a TFL day pass or an Oyster Card.	
Jun 22 2007	Loved It!	We Loved this hotel. We got a very nice room and the staff where welcoming. I was very surprised about the shower, it was huge, you probably could fit three people in there... The bed was comfy and you har access to extra pillows. The breakfast was fine, it was not the biggest breakfast buffet i have been to, but it was good. If you like travelling by bus, the nearest bus stop is just a couple of minutes from the hotell, the stop at Tower hill is exellent if you want to take a bus towards oxford street, picadilly circus og trafalgar squere. bussin around is really cheap, it costs 3,5 pounds for an all day ticket, compared to the sightseeng busses who charge 22 pounds for an all day ticket. The tube is altso expensive, about 4 pounds per trip. So bus is highly recommended:) Over all the hotell var exellent, it was very clean, and yo coul get new towels every day if you wanted to. I can really reccomend this hotell!	
Jun 22 2007 	My favourite business hotel in London	Spend a few quid more and get an executive room. Excellent value for money. Big rooms, everything is new, great 'no frills' check-in and quick check out. Easy walk into the City or hop the nearby DLR for Canary Wharf.Not really a good location for tourists as its out in the business district and there's not a lot around at night. That said, the pub a few doors down is fine and the Cafe Spice curry house is very good but a bit overpriced,	
Jun 16 2007 	Very reasonable	I stayed here on business and whilst used to staying in more expensive, plusher hotels, given the prices of London hotels I took a chance on the Sleep Inn.I was pleasantly surprised, the reception is welcoming and efficient, the rooms are a decent size and the hotel is very clean and well run. The laundry prices are a scandal but that's par for the course.I've never spent much time in London's East End and whilst the area is a little depressing, the tube connections are very good from the hotel with Tower Hill, Aldgate and Aldgate East all just 5 mins walk from the hotel.If you're looking for something to do in the evenings, I'd also highly recommend the Jack the Ripper tour that leaves from Aldgate East tube.	
May 30 2007 	Good accessible Hotel in London		
May 13 2007 	Value for money		
May 8 2007 	lovely		
May 6 2007 	Clean new spacious modern hotel.		
May 6 2007 	Super Hotel günstig gelegen....		
May 6 2007 	Si puo' fare di piu'		
Nov 19 2009 	fantasticoooooo		
Oct 22 2009 	Discreto hotel 3 stelle		
Oct 7 2009 	Continentaler Standard in London		
Sep 13 2009 	Preis-Leistung hat gepasst		
Aug 25 2009 	Consigliatissimo		
Jun 27 2009 	Schönes zentrales Hotel in London		
Apr 24 2009 	un séjour sans problème au city Tower Hill		
Mar 23 2009 	bien placé et pas cher		
Mar 23 2009 	Hotel empfehlenswert		
Mar 8 2009	Spitzen Hotel im Herzen von London		
Dec 16 2008 	Una bella sorpresa		
Nov 3 2008 	sehr gut.		
Sep 12 2008 	Premier Inn London City Tower Hill war super		
Aug 27 2008 	Ottima colazione e personale italiano speciale!!!		
Jul 7 2008 	Genial		
Jun 15 2008 	Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Jun 13 2008 	Gut geeignet für Städtetrips		
Jun 9 2008 	Gutes sauberes Hotel		
May 26 2008	Super Lage super sauber - echt empfehlenswert		
May 4 2008 	semplicemente perfetto!!		
May 1 2008	Eccezionale Hotel !!!!		
Apr 30 2008 	unbedingt empfehlenswert.		
Apr 21 2008 	très bon hotel		
Apr 15 2008	buenisimo		
Apr 8 2008 	Keine Schnörkel - der Rest vom Feinsten		
Apr 2 2008 	tolles Hotel in guter Lage Nähe Tower U-Bahn + Bus		
Mar 27 2008 	SENZA PAROLE!!!!		
Mar 26 2008 	Si volvemos repetiremos!!!		
Mar 6 2008 	L'hotel ideale a Londra		
Feb 13 2008 	Ein wenig gewöhnungsbedürftig ...		
Feb 8 2008 	Nos encantó		
Nov 21 2007 	Una opción segura		
Nov 6 2007 	très bon rapport qualité prix		
Oct 31 2007 	Très bonnes prestations		
Sep 28 2007 	très satisfaisant		
Jul 22 2007	A recommander!		
Jul 3 2007	Très bon rapport qualité / prix		
