	Cracking Gem with Central London a 30min tube ride away	Stayed 2 nights at the Chiswick Moran to attend a friends wedding at Kew Gardens and I am soooo glad that we did. Its a cracking hotel which, if it was in central London would be far more expensive. We were booked into Room 425 which was a lovely spacious room, albeit set up for disabled guests-although that meant it was very spacious. The carpet was lovely and the room was very modern and well designed. It is only about 400m away from Gunnersby Tube station and ideal to visit Kew Gardens and about a half an hour away from Hampton Court-it was ideal for our needs. The bar is lively and when we stayed (Fri and Sat) had a DJ playing which gave a great atmosphere with some cracking bar staff to boot! Only had breakfast the first morning (was severly hungover on day 2!) but it was good 7/8 out of 10-its a help yourself style buffet but no baked beans : (. We had a lovely evening meal on the first night selecting the set menu which at around £17 for 2 courses was good value for the food.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great hotel would use it again.	We stayed for one night after a family wedding so didn't get to use much in the way of hotel facilities. Managed to find a very good rate on the web. Lovely modern, clean rooms for less money than you'd normally pay for a B&amp;B.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great hotel - Poor Car Park	I was very impressed with the quality of this hotel. The room I was given was huge, well equipped and very well decorated.I am disabled and have difficulty getting out of my car. I was therefore annoyed to find all of the disabled driver parking bays occupied by cars, none of which displayed a blue badge. This was because these bays were free of charge and all able bodied drivers had to pay £10 a night for parking. This meant I had to park my car in the hotel's underground car park. This was cramped and had small bays, which were quite close together, making parking and getting out of the car difficult for me.	
Nov 12 2009 	A nice reasonably priced clean hotel very close to Kew Gardens and the Gunnersbury underground.	A nice reasonably priced, clean hotel very close to Kew Gardens and the Gunnersbury underground.Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend break after a recommendation from a friend. The room I stayed in was quite large with a large bathroom both of which looked as though they had been recently refurbished.Restaurant very nice with a good selection of food all at about average price for the area.Would recommend and will stay again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Weekend Break in London sorry I mean Chiswick	We chose this hotel because of previous reviews. Let me get the basic details of the hotel out of the way. Nice large room for London, clean and modern with good facilities. The service, oh dear, rubbish, particularly at breakfast time, a half an hour wait for inedible food. We complained but I guess they get this all the time as it just washed over the staff and management. The location, this is what lets this hotel down for a London break, on the sunday it took us nearly 2 hours to get there from Kings Cross, ok there were certain tubes not running, which isnt the hotels fault, but the location impacted greatly on the travel time. Because of this we stayed in Chiswick sunday night, found a great pub called the Pilot by the way, and most of monday until we ventured into London to see Oliver, which took 50 mins each way. So to summarise I would avoid this hotel for a London break if you like to be amongst the buzz.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great hotel modern laid back good location.	Stayed here for 5 nights. Chiswick is a lovely area, with good transport links. The room was clean, modern and comfortable. One or two points would have improved it though. There was no shaver point in the bathroom. The mirror in the bedroom had no electric socket near it, so shaving in the morning was a faff. Had to move the teatray and balance our own small mirror against a vase! A rack to place our suitcase on would have been handy. Limited shelving in the bathroom. The ironing board in the wardrobe was too big and was placed diagonally inside it, leaving very little room for clothes to hang. The room looked lovely, but these minor issues would have improved its practicality.Food was well cooked and good quality. Although breakfasts were often chaotic,service was good natured and laid back. Had dinner in the hotel one night and it was excellent.	
Oct 13 2009 	Stylish convenience lacks service	From the outside the hotel looks smart and when you enter you get the LA feel that is mentioned on their website. However the experience deteriorates when you make contact the with the staff.I arrived early for check in and was told to wait around until a room became available as guests were just starting to check out. I sat in the lobby catching up with paperwork for an hour before seeking an update on my situation. The staff member (who it seems had forgotten me) advised that my room would be ready in 15 minutes. After half an hour I went back up to the front desk again - the original staff member had now gone on her lunch break and forgotten me again - and was finally checked in.The room was very stylish and certainly met the chic boutique expectations with the funky light fittings and furry carpet. The bathroom was spacious and the bath itself was a good size. The shower was large but the tiled floor had limescale deposits in some areas. The bed was hard but duvet comfortable and the the tea/coffee facilities were good and finished in a nice shiny chrome effect.The breakfast was very dissapointing; staff were weary and barely managed to say hello, and the croissants were small and lacked flavour. Overall, the hotel was an excellent location (2 mins from the tube station) and the room was comfortable but the staff seemed poorly trained.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel - Especially for London	I've been staying in the Chiswick area for a while and I'd never found a decent hotel...until my last trip when I found the Moran. The rooms are nice and spacious, the staff very friendly and the location rocks. Our offices are on Great Road near the end of the M4 and I was able to walk in to the office it is so close. Also, the Gunnersbury tube station is just across the road.I will absolutely stay there again in the future.My only non-idea comments would be that the TV was tiny and the channels very limited (but that's the UK for you I guess) and the room had a shag pile carpet - it looked clean but there's something about having a shag pile carpet in a public 'barefoot' area that just seems a bit odd. The food was OK but not great - I'd say that it was good enough.	
Sep 13 2009 	This has just become my favourite London hotel	Excellent location at end of M3/M4 side of town with parking. Very close to Gunnersbury tube so easy access on District Line tube into town. This hotel is so stylish- from the entrance lobby all to the way to room 711 at the top of the hotel. Decorated in grey, white and splashes of yellow this room has a kingsize comfy bed, separate chaise longue, flatscreen TV and a fantastic bathroom with huge roll top bath and a separate walk in shower. Room has all the facilities a girl needs including mirrors everywhere in the right places for the hairdryer, applying make up and getting dressed. Great bar area with good ambience for a late night drink. Plenty of choice for breakfast in a lovely restaurant setting. Will definitely use this hotel for all my stays in London from now on.	
Sep 2 2009 	good value for london	Nice large clean room with all the facilities you would expect. We were on continental beakfast and although what we had was good there could have been more choice. Just over the road from Gunnersbury Station, so good transport to central London. Ov.erall good value	
Aug 28 2009 	This hotel was ideal in every way and nothing was too much trouble	I was recommended the Chiswick Moran by my son and was not disappointed. It was ideally located for our family celebration at Dukes Meadow Golf Club and although I was on my own when I arrived ,I was joined by other family and friends, who had decided to use the same hotel. We all agreed that it was of a high standard and excellent value especially at the special rates we had found.All the amenities were of a high standard and I loved the retro feel to the decor. Most notable was the staff , for whom nothing was too much trouble. There was a friendly yet efficient and air to the hotel that really made us feel welcome. The only negative comment was that I could not find a shaver socket in the bathroom to recharge electric tooth brush. Next time I will bring an adapter for the main socket.in the bedroom. Fortunately I was only staying two nights and the toothbrush held out!! i feel sure that the wonderful staff would have supplied me with a solution had I needed itThanks to all. We had a great time.	
Aug 27 2009 	Perfect hotel	My husband and I had an extremely enjoyable stay at the Chiswick Moran Hotel in West London. The hotel staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The bedroom was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. The food was good and dining room very pleasant.The hotel is just off the North Circular in Chiswick - it was easy to find and is convenient for public transport, tube and buses. Gunnersbury Tube Station is a few minutes walk away. Chiswick is just up the road, where there are some lovely shops and restaurants.The Chiswick Moran is the perfect base for a stay in London. It was a great weekend - sightseeing, shopping and a visit to the theatre and then to return to the quiet and comfortable calm of the hotel was absolute bliss. We have never stayed at a better hotel in London	
Aug 24 2009 	Top service Hotel	I have been there August 22 th. Excellent service, high design level and functionality.Highly recommended.Jorge P.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great stay in top class hotel	My wife and I stayed in the Chiswick Moran Hotel for a Saturday and Sunday night in August 2009. We got the tube to Gunnersbury station which is located about 200 yards from the hotel. The tubes are great but the only thing is that there tends to be alot of maintenance work during the weekends which can lead to disruption. Our room was ready on arrival at 12 noon. It was bright and had air con which was great as it was a roasting weekend. We dined in the bar and found the food very good. We found the staff very pleasant and the hotel was spotless. We will go back.	
Aug 17 2009 	Loved it - definitely be back. Best in Chiswick.	We spent two nights at the Chiswick Moran. We got a great deal online with hotelsclick including continental breakfast so we were waiting for there to be a “catch”, but everything was great.The hotel is easy to locate as it’s only minutes from the motorway but when we arrived we were horrified at the signs telling us it was £20 per day parking. However, when we checked in we were told the most we’d pay would be £10 per day, but actually we ended up parking for free.We’ve stayed in the area before so we knew what to expect from Chiswick. The hotel is located opposite Gunnersbury tube station and a 5/10 minute walk to the centre of the high street. A flat easy walk and well lit at night. Chiswick itself is a nice, safe, family orientated place with plenty of restaurants, bars and pavement cafes.The hotel itself is beautifully decorated and well kept. Boutique style rooms, with enough space round the bed, a lovely big desk and full room width window. The whole place is clean - the tiles in the bathroom were incredibly shiny. Speaking of the bathroom, you can’t help but love the fittings and the décor and the “window style” nightlight is stylish but incredibly practical. One minor negative was the shower, it just wasn’t very powerful. Oh, and the toilet wasn't very comfortable - but looked nice.The breakfast was nice, fresh pastries, cooked meats, cheese, cereals, juices. Too tempting. We were offered a £5 upgrade to a cooked breakfast but we didn’t feel the need.Some reviews have commented on the road noise so I was a little worried when we realised our room was on the front but we just didn’t notice it. Other reviews have commented on the customer service. We were always greeted with smiles at the front desk and the breakfast staff couldn’t do enough to help. They made a special effort to welcome my five-year-old, which doesn’t always happen.We felt incredibly at home here. We were impressed and will definitely return.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Service and food	Stayed at the Moran for 2 nights at the end of July .Service from all the staff was excellent.Food in the restaurant was good and plentiful Good selection for a buffet breakfast.Stayed in an accessible room that was very well equipped only problem was a sink that no plug would fit Well situated for Kew and the tube good taxi service and bus links.Only problem was the disco in the evening on Friday and Saturday in the bar the music was very loud it was hard to hear yourself speak and only one or two dancing.Apart from that it is good value.Good free disabled parking.	
Aug 6 2009 	Nice Room service interesting!	This is a very bizaare hotel. On arrival you feel that you are in a mid european star hotel. The welcome from the front desk was OK, but unfortunately our room wasn't ready when we first arrived. We left our luggage and went out for the afternoon. We when arrived back the room still wasn't ready and they couldn't find our luggage!Eventually we reach the room, which was lovely. Everything you needed in a modern contemporary style. Cozy bed, big bath, modern shower and nice magazines. We liked it.Its worth staying in for the room, but if you want good service and nice food, then perhaps not the best.	
Jul 28 2009 	Absoultely Superb	We chose the Chiswick Moran hotel as we wanted a cheap but modern accommodation near the centre of London and will definitely be returning on future trips to London. You know when you look on a hotel website and they have pictures on of the rooms and you think they pick the best room to show you well every room looked just like the pictures, modern, with a lovely TV you even had speakers in the bathroom, they have adequate storage space wardrobe and drawers and a seating area with magazines the bathroom was also large with a walk in shower and large path and the service by staff whilst being there was superb. The only thing if anything I could improve was was that they provided cooked hot food breakfast rather than a continental breakfast.	
Jul 23 2009 	Some rough edges	We checked in after a 9 hour flight from the US. At checkin, we weren't informed that their hot water boiler had broken down. After wasting gallons of water futilely waiting for the hot water to come on, I called the front desk to be told that there was no hot water and that repairmen were working on it. Over the next day, whenever I enquired, I was told that there would be hot water soon. Never happened. Finally I spoke to a manager at the front desk about some form of recompense for not having any hot water. He informed me that I would be given a 20% discount at checkout.During my whole stay, 26/6/09 to 28/6/09, there was no hot water. When I checked out, the front desk refused to give me the discount saying that I had to pay in full and then write in and management would consider whether or not to give a discount. The manager who made the representation to me was not around and I requested to see the manager on duty. After waiting for 15 minutes, the lady at the front desk came back after confering in the back office and told me that they would give me the discount. I understand that hotels can have problems from time to time but I didn't like the fact that they tried to go back on their representation to me and I had to be stroppy before they would give me the discount. The hotel didn't make any effort to keep guests informed of developments or lack thereof.The rooms are quite nice and are clean. Unfortunately free wifi is only available in the lobby. There is a bar next to the lobby and it gets very loud in the evening. On the Saturday night I was rudely awoken by drunk revellers in the hallway who were shouting. The breakfast (included in my package) was pretty substantial and the staff at the restaurant were nice.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Hotel in Peaceful Location	We stayed three nights here to attend a family wedding in Kew Gardens. Upon arrival we were upgraded to an executive room (as were all the wedding bookings), and breakfast was included in our very reasonable 89 pound rate. The room was very large, exceptionally clean, modern, and came with all the necessary conveniences. The bathroom had a separate shower and huge soaking tub with lovely tile. We really enjoyed Chiswick, and the hotel is a short walk to shopping/restaurants or a longer walk/short bus ride to Kew Green in the other direction. Having lived in North London in the past and always stayed at more central hotels, we found this to be a much better alternative. The location is much quieter with great value for the money, but you are about a three minute walk to Gunnersbury on the District Line and the Overground and can be in the centre very quickly. Hotel staff was always extremely friendly, and the restaurant staff especially made us feel very welcome. There is a breakfast buffet on the weekends, and an a la carte menu on weekdays, and the food was more than adequate. Also, the front desk will give you a password for two hours free wireless from the lobby or the restaurants. We really enjoyed our stay here and will recommend the hotel without hesitation when you're visiting London.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fantastic	All the staff are friendly and helpful and the rooms are amazing the breakfast offer a wide range of cold meats, pastries and cereal for continental but they also offer a hot buffet too. Only stayed for 2 nights but from what I gather your rooms would also be cleaned every day!	
Jul 14 2009 	Such a shame	This is a beautifully furnished hotel. It has so much to like. But......If you encounter any problems in this hotel you are likely to experience a very poor approach to customer service. I can actually confirm that this companys approach to customer service is rotten to the core, because I have not only spoken with various levels of management at the hotel, Ive actually written to the owner(7 days after I emailed him Ive still not had a response).I can definitely understand why people would stay here. But just be aware that you are staying at a hotel that looks great, but that isnt interested in feedback from its customers. This actually means that they dont really care about customer service. They take a defensive approach to problems, even when their performance is so inadequate.When I first stayed at this hotel a few years ago it was in the top 20 hotels in London on Tripadvisor. As I write this it is 98th. Now it doesnt take a genius to work out that it is heading in the wrong direction.I would love this hotel to be well run, because so much of it is luxurious. If they had owners and managers who were dedicated to providing great customer service it would be a fantastic hotel.This will be my last stay at this hotel	
Jul 14 2009 	friendlyeasy to findgood location and smart	Hotel was easy to find,all staff very friendly &amp; helpful.Room very nice and clean.Location excellent as going to Wimbledon.Restaurant a little on the expensive side but we expected that in London! Would use hotel again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Try this hotel	Just an overnight stay but I was very impressed by every aspect of this fine hotel. Especially the warm and friendly staff. They made me feel very welcome and unlike a lot hotels in London where the staff act like they are doing you a favour by letting you stay there!The rooms are spacious and very comfortable.Would have every confidence in recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 5 2009 	Cool rooms	Last minute stay here and what a surprise, looks a fairly ordinary business hotel from the outside, but the interior was quite different. Stylised rooms, fab bathroom.Extensive breakfast menu.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Hotel Impressed.	I was very impressed with this hotel. The room was everything you really needed with chic and retro looks and very clean. The bed was incredibly comfortable and a room with a view (6th floor, north facing to wembley stadium in the distance) the bathroom was modern, clean and well laid out. There is also a safe, ironing board and tea and coffee making facilities. My only gripe with the room is I couldnt quite work out the air conditioning, you cant open the windows. The staff were very helpful and there is a confortable bar downstairs but its no London pub. We didnt use the restaurant for evening meals, the continental breakfast was basic but you could pay extra for a cooked breakfast if it wasnt included in your staying cost. The location isnt central London (its zone 3, be careful when buying tube tickets) however we liked the location, turn left out of hotel and 20 minute walk gets you loads of great restaurants, shops and pubs (also the last zone 2 tube station, Turnham Green district line) If you get the tube from here you are in central London in 20 minutes so Chiswick is much quieter. We felt very confortable walking here at night and there are lots of buses too.	
Jun 9 2009 	Ideal home from home whilst visiting kew Gardens	After travelling from the North this hotel was easy to find only 7mls off the M1. The hotel was within walking distance of Kew Gardens Chiswick High Street and the river Thames path. Our room was more than comfortable tastefully decorated with Kingsize bed and with clean and up to date bathroom. Irish buffet breakfast excellent staff were friendly and helpful only downside was having to pay for car parking ( which did seem very secure) although I think this could be the norm in London I would recommend this hotel .	
May 31 2009 	Very modern and good hotel	I and my wife stayed in Chiswick for 4 nights. Good location as the Tube station Gunnersbury is just 5 minutes of walk away. It is a quite district/location although it is just minutes away from central London. Modern deco room with good view overlooking surrounding scenery. Very clean. Breakfast is delicious. We really enjoyed the stay over there. We will definitely come here to stay again if we visit London.	
May 27 2009 	Very Impressed!	My husband and I stayed here for leisure. Living in Las Vegas we come accross some fine hotels. In comparison, we were very impressed with this hotel. The staff was very helpful and friendly! The room and bathroom were spacious and clean. The restaurant was like fine dining and the food was delicious &amp; plentiful! The location was perfect in a nice area and away from hustle and bustle of the city, but near the Tube (Gunnersbury Station). The only thing I would recommend is for the hotel to get pillowtop mattresses. Other than that, we would definately stay here again!	
May 20 2009 	Good business hotel - wouldn't want to stay there for a leisure weekend	I spent a long, long time at this hotel during my training with my new company and it's absolutely fine as a business hotel.The rooms are fine, some slightly nicer than others (I like the shape and size of the corner rooms - make sure you ask for one with a separate shower and bath)The staff are all very friendly, but I would avoid the restaurant. It's over-priced and there's much nicer food available just a little further down the Chiswick High Road.All in all, a fine place and particularly handy if you're working at Chiswick Park, which is just around the corner.	
May 6 2009 	Not our Cup of Tea!	My husband and I stayed here for one night for a business trip. We checked in and went down to the bar to order food - the restaurant was deserted of customers at 9.30pm. We ordered our food which arrived very quickly, it was not very warm and we suspect had been sitting around for a while. My husband was awake from 5.00am not feeling too well. The hotel we would describe as modern 70's, not really our choice of decor, but it was convenient for our purpose, and I am sure would appeal to many others. The bedroom was a suite, with lots of room, 2 bedrooms and a large bathroom with bath and separate shower. The shower made an awful noise and was not a particularly pleasant experience. We turned the air conditioning off to sleep, but then found that the windows could not be opened so the room was a bit stuffy. I would not reccomend the coffee in the rooms, incredibly strong. We had booked a special deal for the night, but had to ask for the bottle of champagne the next morning which had not arrived. As an apology though the hotel gave us the £20 parking fee as complimentary. At the meeting the next day we were told that the hotel does not have a good reputation for service and that they would not have reccomended eating there!	
Apr 27 2009 	Surprisingly stylish rooms	We stayed here for one night purely on account of the fact that we were attending an event locally. For the price we paid we were very happy with the stylish room and were pleasantly surprised by the size / décor / facilities.Check-in and check-out were very quick and the staff courteous. We didn’t ask them for anything so I can’t comment on their local knowledge or efficiency, nor did we eat in the hotel.Chiswick is not a tourist centre, so if you are visiting London you might find the hotel’s location somewhat remote. However, it is well-connected with tube / railway stations approximately 2 and 10 minutes’ walk respectively and probably offers more than you would get for the same price closer to central London.	
Apr 26 2009 	Not sure what all the fuss is about?	Really can't get my head around why people are getting excited about this hotel. If you want a cheap hotel outside central London then fine I am sure you could do worse but this place is not all that. Yes the rooms are clean and beds comfortable but thats where it ends. The food is dreadful, service indifferent at best and the rooms look like they have been styled by Austin Powers. Avoid the Irish breakfast at all costs, in fact I would say do yourself a favour and grab breakfast in one of the cafés 5 minutes down the road for a fraction of the price and quadraple the quality.The hotel is slightly better than a holiday inn, no more than that. Don't book this place thinking you have got some sort of bargain as you have seen the &quot;funky&quot; pics on the website as you will only let down. There is many hotels in London and I'd have a good look around before booking here unless you have to stay in The Chiswick area.	
Apr 17 2009 	Disappointed and frustrating	We stayed in the Moran Chiswick for the second time this easter. However, we found it to be a frustrating and disappointing experience! We had booked a junior suite and especially requested a quiet room. The room we were allocated was a lovely big room, exactly as in the photos but it was on a very noisy main road with alot of windows. Lacking sleep we asked to be moved the next morning to the back of the hotel, even if it meant a standard room. Imagine our dismay when we returned that evening to find we had been relocated two doors down from our original room, to a smaller noisy room at the front with an overpowering smell of bleach!! We again asked to be moved and were shown a small smoking room on the first floor, which seemed very noisy. Refusing this we were given a small smoking room on the seventh floor with the toilet , shower and bath in the room!! Overall it was very disappointing and we avoided spending any time in the room.	
Mar 5 2009 	Excellent room	We needed to stay a night at the Moran while our flat had some work done and we were not disappointed! Although the hotel is not cheap, the room we had was large and ultra modern. The bed was very big and well made and the bathroom was very clean and nicely done. Honestly, it was one of the nicest hotel rooms I have been in, and I have been in a few!The bar downstairs is also nice and if you need to stay in Chiswick then this is an excellent option.	
Mar 4 2009 	Loved It!	I booked the hotel for the valentines day weekend, arriving on saturday and leaving on the monday morning, and was pleased with everythimg about the place.Arriving shortly after 4pm, check in was easy and the friendly french receptionist made us feel very welcome, we were allocated a room on the first floor..a smoking room as we requested.The room was right next to the hotels gym, and we seemed to be the only people that had realised there was one, my partner was extremely pleased at having his own private work out room and made full use of it! at 2 in the morning and again at 10am! The room was spotless and i fell in love with the bathroom, not sure how necassary it is to have both a huge shower AND a double end bath but we made good use of both and it is a nice touch, as are the numerous different light settings, huge bed and simple yet modern decor.I must say my partner and i were slightly annoying, in the whole duration of our stay we ordered up no less than 5 ice buckets (as there is no mini fridge) and several bottles of wine, but on each call room service was friendly and polite. Housekeeping were OVERLY keen to tidy our room calling around 3 times before she could actual clean, when we finally left our room we returned to how it was when we first arrived (new sheets and all).Parking was fine and as there is a back entrance to the hotel we could walk straight from the car park to the lifts, PLUS we managed to get away without paying anything for it! TIP.. just dont pay, they'll never know :-)We didnt experience the globe bar or the restaurant but both seemed lovely.The hotel is quiet and the staff leave you alone unless u approach them, but that was exactly what we wanted on our valentines weekend so it was perfect. I'd definetly go again! A hotel like this in central london would be double the price!	
Mar 3 2009 	Good location	Lovely hotel with excelent location for getting into central London. Found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Liked the decor and the food was good too. All round good and would recommend to friends.	
Feb 21 2009 	total lack of customer service	stayed here for 3 nights and overall found hotel good.The biggest let down for me wastheservice in hotel. They seemed to be completly indifferent to customersWe enquired on how to get to wimbledon tennis club and were shown tube map then askedif we could look up a computer to see tour times and were told none available onlysockets for laptops , noone offered to check for us just left standing at desk which was very poor.Also on checking out were not asked did we enjoy stay, everything ok etc just handed bill we paid that was it !On plus side room was lovely nice and modern and breakfast was very enjoyableAll in all woud not stay again as felt their indifference was just too off putting	
Feb 20 2009 	Could be good if not stealing...	It could be a good experience for us if they didn't steal my t-shirt! we've moved to another room and i forgot my t-shirt under the pillow. few hours later after i've realized what happened we've checked the old room (still had the key), but it was already cleaned. t-shirt was never found in &quot;lost and stolen&quot; and they said they couldn't track a person who cleaned the room. the incident like that tells me a lot about the quality of the hotel. also, we had breakfast included, but turned out it was only continental which is only cold stuff, if you want something hot you have to pay for it. in general, hotel served it purpose for us (we had a wedding in a church near by). rooms are big, metro station near by..oh, the best part was our dinner-food was amazing! We had a company of ten people and every dish was great, didn't expect anything like that good in a hotel...	
Feb 16 2009 	Very nice but ruined by one member of staff.	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel for Valentines Day.My boyfriend rung on Thursday morning to ask for the room to have roses in our room as a Valentines present. The staff member, named R Duggal, said he would do this. My boyfriend called to check on Friday evening that this had been done- and it hadn't. By this time it was too late for him to order more roses. The staff member he spoke to was very rude and unapologetic. I consider this completely unacceptable. Not only did a staff member fail to carry out the request, but then to be spoken to so rudely is beyond unacceptable. Moreover, if my boyfriend hadn't rung to check- there is no way he would've known that there were no roses waiting in our room. This was deeply dissapointing for me and I hope the staff members know how much they have dissapointed both me and my boyfriend. Overall, I enjoyed my stay- I thought the price was very good for the quality of the hotel. We also paid extra for passes to the health club down the road which was excellent and great value. I was also very pleased with the standard of food in the Globe Bar. Most staff members were excellent but I'm afraid the whole stay was tinted with the dissapointing turn of events my boyfriend had experiened. I hope the manager will make sure these staff members are reprimanded for their poor service and understand that failing to do this made me and my boyfriend very unhappy. Their actions affect others and as individuals working in the customer service industry, they need to understand this.	
Feb 14 2009 	Cracking hotel!	This is a great hotel for those wanting to access Central London easily but stay away from the main hustle and bustle.The hotel is situated about 3 mins away away from Gunnersbury station and ideally positioned just a few hundred yards outside of the Congestion charging zone! The train into central London takes about 15/20mins- we found it quickest to change trains at Hammersmith to join the underground lines.The hotel itself is bright and modern and easily accessible. Check in is advertised as beginning from 2pm although we were able to obtain a room at approx 12:30pm having arrived earlier than intended.We were allocated a room on the second floor and were amazed by spacious layout.The room was brightly decorated in keeping the the modern feel of the hotel. The bathroom was a fantastic size with a separate bath and shower unit. Our room was equipped with LCD tv (on a swivel platform allowing you to move it closer to the bed), wireless internet access and for the ladies, a decent hairdryer that actually dries hair!The bed was huge and extremely comfortable! Whilst there is very little noise from the road opposite or other guests next door, we were aware of the music being played very loudly in the bar below until about 12:30am-not something that caused concern for us but may affect those with an early start.Breakfast ran between 07:00 and 10:30 and charged at £10 for a Full Irish breakfast (cooked to order) and £8.95 for a Continental breakfast. The hotel offers onsite car parking which is detailed in the welcome pack as £20 for 24 hours. As mentioned in other reviews, this is reduced to £10 for hotel residents if the ticket is validated on checking out.All in all a very pleasant stay and very difficult to find fault! I will most definitly be staying at the Chiswick Moran again.	
Jan 22 2009 	New Years Eve pary at the Hotel	We had a great time at the Bar/Lounge and brought in the New Year in the dance floor area, hugging and kissing the other guest!The atmosphere of the hotel is classy and refined. The decor is modern and warm. The staff smiles sometimes!!! and the Champaign was affordable and the wine was reasonable. They ran out of Corona's but that is ok. The washrooms were clean, and the security and staff were considerate.	
Dec 29 2008 	Made me feel very welcome	I’ve stayed at this hotel twice; once right before Christmas and once during summer. The Chiswick Moran Hotel is a four star hotel right by Gunnersbury tube station. Gunnersbury is on the District line to Richmond, and it takes about 20 minutes to get to Victoria tube station in central London.Upon arrival on my first stay I was upgraded to an executive room. The room, and especially the bathroom, was spacious and very light and airy. There was a full-size bathtub on one side of the bathroom, and a shower the size of the tub on the opposite side of the bathroom. In addition to the regular hotel room features, I liked that they had a card on the bedside table that said that they would bring you new books from a selection of bestsellers to read if you’d finished yours. Great idea! The bathroom had a really cool window/light, which was very much in keeping with the general design of the hotel. Let me add that even though this is a hotel that places great emphasis on design, it doesn’t sacrifice comfort. The room had all the amenities you could wish for, except for a refrigerator and free internet access (I think it’s tacky when hotels make you pay for internet access). Even though the room faced the street, I could not hear any noise. On my second stay I was told that they would have upgraded me to an executive room if they had had any available. I adore that the hotel is so nice to their guests. It seems to me that they want their guests to have the best stay possible, and if they have a better category room available during your stay, they just might upgrade you. That’s very good customer service. I was given one of their regular rooms, and was allowed to choose the color design of the room I was going to stay in. I chose a blue room, which was beautiful. The bathroom was the same huge size as the bathroom in the executive room, but it did not have a waterfall showerhead. I do not remember if the executive room had hair conditioner, but I sure missed that on my second stay. The room was smaller than the executive room, and it did not have fresh flowers or a card offering new books (although there’s a selection of constantly changing newspapers and magazines for you in the lobby to take to your room). It was never the less a great room. Breakfast was wonderful. There was a great selection of fruit (that had gotten even better on my second stay), bread, pastries, and a full Irish breakfast. On weekends there’s a hot buffet as well as the cold buffet, on weekdays there’s only a cold buffet, but seeing as they cook whatever you want, you still get the same selection all through the week. On my first stay I had some communication problems because some breakfast staff members didn’t speak English very well. I’m happy to report that the same members of staff had improved their English considerably half a year later.The gym has all the necessary equipment you would need to keep up your work out routine while travelling. It’s not very big, but it’s got one of every type of cardio machine, and an ok selection of weights. I was the only one using the gym while I was there. There is some room for improvement in a few areas: The staff is very knowledgeable about the hotel, but not about its surroundings. They’re very helpful, and they will do their best to look up the answer in their folder, but I think maybe they ought to be taken on a field trip to the nearby area to see where the restaurants are, what type of food they serve, which buses leave from right outside the hotel and where they take you to, where the closest drugstore is and when it closes, etc. I really wish the hotel had a computer available for guests to use or a business center. The staff is very friendly and they do try their best to help, but when you have to spell Tower of London as they’ve never heard of it before, you don’t really bother asking for their help. The staff members should also take more initiative. For instance on my first stay, the hotel didn’t have any adapters left, so I think a member of staff should have gone to Boots and bought a bunch of £3 adapters to lend out to guests.This seems to me to be a hotel that’s very interested in having satisfied guests. Judging from the improvements I noticed from my first to my second stay, I’m sure it’s only a matter of weeks before it will be impossible to fault this hotel.I’m pretty sure that this is the best value hotel in London. I love it. It’s got lots of cool design, yet it’s very homey and cozy, and you’re very well taken care of. I’ve already been back once, and I’m sure I’ll be back again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Excellent!!	My husband &amp; I went to watch rugby at Twickenham and stayed at this hotel. It is very convienantly located, very close to the train station and only 2 stops away from the Twickenham rugby stadium.The hotel itself was awesome! Very clean room and we loved the decor!! Very modern!! We enjoyed the fluffy duvet, soft pillows and the spacious bathroom. Very, very nice room! Staff was very friendly and effecient.Breakfast was YUMMY!! We liked the hotel from the minute we set foot in it!Overall, a GREAT stay and we'll definately be back!	
Nov 17 2008	Great apart from one particular member of staff	Upon arrival we were greeted by the reception staff and checked into our wonderfully modern and super clean room promptly. The following morning ( Sunday) we made our way into the restaurant and were politely greeted by a very curteous and kind young man with an Eastern European accent, who explained to us how the restaurant buffet worked and showed us to a vacant table. The breakfast buffet was of very good quality and replenished continuously. We thouroughly enjoyed our breakfast and the atmosphere in the breakfast room was friendly and welcoming, even though it was busy.I was very impressed with the hotel and the amount of wonderful courteous staff who attended and helped us.Unfortunately this wonderful experience came to an abrupt end the minute we made the aquaintance of the assistant restaurant manager MarkThis man greeted us on the Monday morning ( 3rd Nov) by asking our room number and when given stated : You don´t have breakfast included do you?When I told him that indeed we did and offered to go upstairs to look for our email confirmation, he very charmingly said GOOD GRIEF, where I AM SORRY, would have been more appropriate and then started fiddling with what looked like a printed out list of room numbers and said GOOD GRIEF yet again, before waiving us through to the breakfast room.Then we sat down and shortly after the same man returned to our table with menus, telling us that indeed we only had continental breakfast included and had to pay for warm in case we wanted any. I just said OK fine, we just have continental to the waitress, when MARK returned yet again, saying we could after all have the warm breakfast included.Now I was a little confused.What is going on?I told him, that we already had breakfast here the previous morning and no one had stopped us telling us we couldn´t eat, so he just said : Don´t worry, I am not going to charge you for yesterdays´breakfast!!!!!!This was entirely unnecessary and left me feeling irritated.Then MARK told us again that we were only entitled to contintnental due to a new rule. Now I was just a little puzzled and MARK proceeded to explain to me that once supplier had a new rule and bookings made through them only had continental breakfast from now on. This is all very nice, but WE DIDN`T book through this particular supplier, we booked through Alpharooms, which I pointed out to him. He wasted a few minutes asking me numerous times if I was sure that I booked through Alpharooms and not ( somehting TRAVEL) and GOOD GRIEF was uttered a few times as well.this was accomanied by him rifling through his list of room numbers and rolling his eyes dramatically.By now I felt far from welcome and a little annoyed to be made such a show of in front of all the other guests, looking like I wanted to steal something which I am not entitled to, so I went upstairs and returned with my email confirmation, which I showed to Mark.He read it and then said Good Grief, rifling through the list once more, letting me stand there whilst he went to make a phone call and then returned with another look into the list of room numbers and another Good GRIEF, before he said ok we could now go ahead and order the warm breakfast.We did and when we were about half done eating, MARK returned to the table stood there looming over us and said:OK I just checked and you only were supposed to have had the continental! With that said I was now furious....Can this man not leave things alone!?What did he want me to do now I am half done eating my eggs??? Does he want them back!?Everyone around us was now sniggering and enjoying the scene. I felt like an extra in FAWLTY TOWERS and half expected Basil Fawlty to make an appearance.I felt anger creeping up me, but I am not going to make a scene, so I chose to get up,leaving my half eaten breakfast and walked out,I travel a lot ( business as well as pleasure) and I have to say that in the whole 15 years of frequent travel, I have never felt less welcome by this one individual.This gentleman should be redistributed to another department, where customer contact is not one of his duties. When I travel in my spare time I expect to be able to relax and be treated with respect not having my blood pressure raised.Once again I would like to stress, that EVERYONE else working there has been absolutely delightful and curteous and that the hotel is modern, beautifully furnished in a modern 70´s twist style and spotlessly clean. Would I recommend this hotel to my best friend ? Absolutely .....I would just advise him to stay away from the breakfast room when this gentleman is working.	
Nov 11 2008 	Nice Comfy Hotel But probably would not stay here again.	Stayed here for 2 Nights, weekend break in November. Got a great rate through alpharooms. The hotel is really nice, both decor and comfort. We really loved the big walk-in rain shower in the bathroom as well as the big 2 person tub. The bed is possibly one of the comfiest ive ever slept in. The Gunnersby tube is about 5 mins walk away, with a journey of approx 30 mins to Central London. This we found took the good out of our day, especially if the tube was running slow. The Bar is very nice but the selection of draught beer available would need to be looked at, as no Heineken or Carlsberg on tap. It is the first place in London where i have failed to get either on tap. The Aircon controls in room are a bit fiddly but once you get the hang of it, is really nice to have it during the night if the room gets too muggy. We stayed on the top floor and were woken each night by pigoens on the roof, and outside the window, so request a room lower down. The Breakfast was ok but nothing worth writing home about. On the Sunday Morning it was Buffet and the Monday Table Service. We had booked a full breakfast as part of our booking by alpharooms, but when we went down for breakfast first morning we were told that we could only have continental. On explaining that we had booked with a Hot breakfast, the head waiter said no problem go and enjoy your hot breakfast. However we had to go through the whole process again the second morning with another waiter, but once again he did not make a big deal about it. Just a tip for the Hotel Cooks / Chefs - lads rashers should be soft and tender not hard and chewy, obviously they had been in a holding cabinet or something. Housekeeping made up our room, replinished our sugar, coffee and milk on our tray but left our dirty cups, i ask why? All considered it is still a nice hotel, in a nice area, but a bit too far out of London for my liking. However the comfy bed and large bath made up for that. Would i stay here again - probably not.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good hotel * Great Location to The Tube	Booked this hotel through Late Rooms, a few days before arrival in London. Chosen due to it's locality to the M4 &amp; the tube and the fact it was on the Earls Court Line!Easy to find hotel on the correct side of the road to not miss it! Parked the car in the underground hotel carpark (£10 per 24hrs although sign states £20) then proceeded to check in. We were given a room on the 2nd floor, very nice room, black &amp; turqoise colouring (I loved it!), huge comfortable bed, gorgeous bathroom! Nice rain shower and double ended bath.. A view of the back end of the hotel overlooking other back gardens! Very light and airy room, Carpet a bit tatty as was shaggy pile with stains but not too bad! Air conditioning a tad noisy but when turned off was fine room did not get too hot.After we returned from our night out we were taken aback by how load the hotel bar was.. On a Friday night they blasted really tacky early 90's music, you could even hear it when in the restaurant. The restaurant staff were very helpful and professional. The food was faultless infact a very enjoyable meal, apart from the resounding pounding of the bar tunes. However, when back in the room we could not hear the music - luckily!We breakfasted the next day, the waiter advised our breakfast was not included in the price we were happy to pay extra deal done! We opted for the hot buffet which was perfect just what was required. The hot buffet was £10 per head with the cold buffet £9! We got down to eat fairly early and had no problems although I did have to search for milk! Again the staff very pleasant and helpful when asked. Checked out at 9am but requested that we leave our car there as we were popping into London. No problems with us being allowed to leave it there. Spent 8hours in the City before collecting our car. Great!!I wil return to this hotel - purely for location &amp; practicality!!	
Oct 20 2008 	Not again	Regular weekender in London, we normally stay in Docklands. Unable to book there mid-week, we chose the Moran with one eye on reviews here and the words on the hotel's website.I like Chiswick having worked and stayed in the area many years ago; the Moran is easy to find [from Gunnersbury station; District line] and looks good from outside and in reception. Check in process good, we were allocated a room on the 6th floor at the front which reeked of smoke, the whole floor being designated a Smoking area.Reception happily re-allocated a No Smoking room [as we had requested on our booking] but it was at the rear on the first floor and had a full height wall about 5 feet from the window, so absolutely no view, at all. Not even a glimpse of sky.We went out to a concert at the RAH and returned about 11pm to have a drink in the Bar, where the music was deafening [see other reviews] - but the worst thing was as I told my wife I had seen a mouse run across the floor, she accused me of having &quot;one too many&quot; - but I was only on my first drink. Anyway, while we watched both of us saw the mouse, or mice, happliy scurrying too and fro across the bar floor. I wonder what cleanliness is like elsewhere in the establishment.Anyway, off to our room. Ring downstairs to ask for the Hospitality Tray to be replenished - &quot;no problem&quot; says the Receptionist but NO ACTION 45 mins later when we went to bed.Only to be awoken about 6am by more loud music which we eventually traced to the public seating area just inside the front door of the hotel and clearly heard in Room 129. Now - one of the chores in the morning for men is to shave! And now the great shaver socket hunt begins. I won't bore you with all the details, suffice it to say - there isn't one.I ring down to Reception to ask where the shaver socket is as most males I know expect to find one in a modern hotel room. The Receptionist has to refer to someone else and then replies &quot;it's in the room&quot; - I was a little grumpy by this time and asked &quot;precisely where&quot; so more reference to someone else brought the reply &quot;we will bring up an adaptor&quot;. And they did.Now we may have had the only room in the hotel without a view and without a shaver socket - but I suggest you take your own adaptor if you stay at the Moran. Unless you don't shave.Breakfast was OK - although we were seated where we could see all the preparation area and entrance to the kitchen.But by now, I had had enough of the Moran.It may be fine for some, but not for me.	
Oct 10 2008 	Just OK	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. It is nice and clean but nothing exceptional, would not call it 4-star. Being spoiled by American hotels, found room to be a bit too small. Breakfast (was included in the rate) is also just OK, nothing really to talk about. Chiswick is at quite some distance from the Central London. Subway station is very close, and it is a direct line to the downtown. Takes probably about 35-40 minutes by subway to get to the main London attractions. Service at the bar in the evening is very uneven. Somtimes it was fine, sometimes not so good at all.	
Sep 30 2008 	Could be Better	I attended a conference in Chiswick and booked 4 nights at this hotel upon recommendation from the conference organizer. This is not your typical tiny London hotel room. It has a big bed, modern design, nice duvet covers, a flat screen tv, a cool bar, and a good restaurant for dinner. It's also close to the tube.One the flipside, there are a number of frustrating things about the hotel. Booking through their internet site is a complete pain. To get the best rate on a multi-night stay, I literally had to book 3 separate reservations. Also, the &quot;free&quot; wireless access from the rooms does not work. Finally, there were stains on the thick shag carpet in the room. The pillows were hard. And the movies on demand did not work. The worst thing was that the cool-looking bar downstairs created an unbelievable amount of noise. The management allows them to keep their base music pumping until 1am on Friday and Saturday nights. When I called down to ask if they could turn it down, they said no. This is unacceptable as far as I'm concerned. The primary reason people book a hotel room is to have a place to sleep. Overall summary: Nice if you can put up with a few annoyances. Don't expect good service, and know what you're getting. It could be better.	
Sep 12 2008	Great hotel in great location	We stayed at this hotel on a Saturday night.The hotel itself is very well maintained and our room facing the front was very nice and clean. The price is also reasonable and the breakfast was a delight for quality and service. I only wish the girls working the breakfast shift had been working the dinner shift on the Saturday night.The two blokes seemed to get everything wrong from the start, water we had ordered never arrived and was put on the bill, side order of chips which arrived 10 mins after main course and which were undercooked because they had been done in a rush and the list goes on.I would definitely stay at this hotel again and I just hope they sort the waiting staff out as this Hotel would have been 5 out of 5.	
Sep 6 2008 	Very good	Excellent family room (best we've found in London hotels), and overall a very high quality establishment.Breakfast was good (buffet on Sunday, table service on a Monday), and the hotel is very well located for buses, tube and taxis.Tiny quibble - the shaving mirror (in the excellent bathroom) is located at an angle to the washbasin - I ended up with a crick in my neck !!!	
Sep 1 2008	Absolutely brilliant	Stayed in this hotel for REM at Twickenham. For the price we paid it was more than value for money. Everything about the place was fantastic, from the moment I walked into the room I was pleasantly surprised. Staff were friendly and the breakfast was lovely. My mam is allergic to certain foods but had plenty of food to choose from. I would totally recommend it.	
Aug 12 2008 	Brillant!!!	Stayed for Calcitta Cup at Twickenam. The England team were staying here and we got a load of autographs!!!Rooms spaceous and clean. Breakfast FAB! (RRP £15.99!!!)	
Jul 14 2008 	Gorgeous	The Moran is so beautifully decorated, the rooms are really plush.. the little things like the huge walk in shower, the tv that tilts out....the gorgeous mesh of green net. accross the window... a safe with number combination, I would definitley stay there again. The room faced the high road, so i could plane watch! The breakfast was great continental pastries cheeses ham, or fruit salad or cooked (black or white pudding)... and help yourself to much as you can. The globe bar does food too.. so had a lovely chicken brie grilled sandwhich came with tortilla chips and salad. The down side.. no shaver point despite being told evey room had one its on the desk at the side by the hair drier, the receptionsit even came up couldnt find it so left a adaptor free of charge, normally a £10.00 deposit. The car parking was secure £10.00 for residents get your ticket validated on exit.. and its free, if you have a meal at Napa restaurant, this did not extend to the bar. Huge choice of drinks and even things off the menu like a non alcoholic cocktail mustered up for me. Oh their was an ironing board too with iron.. Also no biscuits...evey hotel has biscuits.! Booked through Hotel Connect, as direct no availablity, they are great have used them many times. Enjoy and so near Gunnersby tube too..	
Jul 3 2008 	A Star In the West	Found a good deal here with Alpharooms. It suited us because we were going to Wimbledon and it is very handily placed on the District Line - Gunnersbury station is almost opposite. Also it has a secure carpark - £10 per day (pay at reception when you leave - it does say £20 on the sign, but is halfprice to guests). Chiswick is also now one of the dining out hotspots and at lower prices than in central London. We can recommend La Trompette, and particularly Le Vacherin, and Sam's Brasserie. There is also a dining in/but also takeaway fishshop/restaurant close by, with decent fish meals and wine at good prices.We really liked Chiswick - leafy, quite residential, reasonably quiet, handy for Kew, lots of cafes and pubs, and good shops on the High Street..The hotel itself is pretty good. The rooms are a reasonable size, we had no noise whatsoever, comfortable beds, all very clean, a very good climate control system, nice lighting, good bathroom with bath and walk-in shower, a walk-in wardrobe/storeplace and modern decor. Food was OK and adequate. Our deal included breakfast and we were pleased with what we got..The staff were pleasant.We experienced none of the things that one or 2 other reviewers mentioned, like the rooms being too warm and water too cold - my guess is that some people may not have figured out the controls well enough.If you are content to be this far out of town, it is an excellent option, and I think we will stay there again..	
Jun 30 2008 	It's the tiny things that make a difference	Just got back from a great long weekend in London. We booked this hotel as the price seemed to more than compensate for the out of town location, and the cost of an underground day pass is £5.90 wherever you are.It really doesn't disappoint. The rooms are very well decorated, the bathrooms great and the breakfast good too. The underground station is a hundred yards away and the trains regular and around 10-15 minutes to most places (with the excpetion of, for example, the British Museum and that end of town).I can only think of two things that let this place down - and one is so trivial it hardly matters. The service at breakfast wasn't that great and the cooked breakfast could do with baked beans (to keep you going all day!). But more importantly, there is no air in the rooms. Remember when you used to go caravanning and your mum used to open it up 'for a good airing'. That is what this place needs. It's in danger of smelling musty through lack of air and you can't open the windows.All in all the best 4* I've been to in London.	
Jun 23 2008 	Excelent choice - Modern Hotel	Excelent choice for them who dont care staying far from downtown. This is a brand new hotel, modern, big rooms (really big, mainly comparing to other London hotels). Excelent bar, services, meals and cleaning, powerful broadband internet (cable - charged) and wirelless connection free on the lobby, etc.I first stayed at a hotel located in Mayfair, fency and expensive (350 pounds/day with full breakfast, on business) and after that changed to Chiswick Moran (100 pounds/day with full breakfast). I didn't think it was a downgrade at all.The problem.......it is located far from dowtown or other known sites and there is nothing to do around. But is close to the &quot;tube&quot; (Gunnesbury - 100mts). I had problems with the cable connection and they promptly moved me to another room.[--]	
May 28 2008 	Loved the Chiswick Moran	The newly designed Chiswick Moran is a great choice for anyone visiting London. The hotel is about 2 minutes walk from Gunnersbury tube which will have you into Sloane Square in 10 - 12 minutes. We stayed there for a recent trip to the Chelsea flower show and the comfortable rooms/beds were very welcome after lots of walking around London. Chiswick High Road is full of lovely restaurants and bars - within a 10 minute walk but with a bus stop outside the door anda travel pass it is very easy to find a perfect restaurant or fun bar. The breakfast was excellent as were the free newspapers. We had the biggest bathroom I have ever seen in a hotel (room 317).I would have no hesitation is staying in Chiswick - it's close enough to get to the centre very quickly and out of town enough to have lots of restaurants and nice parks.Richmond is only two stops on the Tube and was a wonderful discovery to find the walk along the Thames	
May 9 2008	This has to be the worst hotel in the world	I wanted to send an email or phone the hotel to complain about the terrible service I received, but there are no contact details on the website. I think that pretty much sums up a hotel that makes pretensions to West End glamour but fails to deliver on every level.1. Our breakfasts were cold. And the Salmon we ordered was all grey... like the 'value' cuts from supermarkets. We weren't the only ones.... loads of people were sending back their food. 2. The reception staff are without doubt the rudest I've ever encountered. The hotel offers free wireless Internet access. My laptop has a problem connecting so I asked if one of the reception team might be able to help me. She looked me straight in the face and said no. I asked if there was anyone else who could and, again, she just said no. Don't offer the service if you're not prepared to help people when they have a bit of difficultly. 3. The bar staff are also rude. I asked if there was anywhere in the bar area where I could plug in my laptop. The bartender, just turned her back and walked off without saying a word. I was just stunned (she came back about 5 minutes later with an adapter). Do yourselves a favour, if you're going to spend this amount of money, stay somewhere central, with a good atmosphere, decent rooms and, above all, helpful staff. What a disappointment.	
May 4 2008 	Nice room but no hot water	On first impression the Chiswick Moran is very nice - helpful reception, nice room, easy walk from the tube. However we experienced very bad service when we enquired why there wasn't any hot water on Friday evening. Our first call to reception was fine - he apologised and said maybe in 30 mins it would be fixed. Still no water after an hour so we called again and this time a lady answered and she said the hotel was full and it was only to be expected that there would be no hot water and then she hung up after saying she would talk to her duty manager. We didn't get an apology or a call back. In the end we boiled the kettle and used that for 'showering' (ie. a wash in the sink). Next morning the hot water was lukewarm only. Glad we paid much less than the rack rate for our 1 night stay. Would not go back, esp on a Fri or Sat night when the hotel would be more likely to be full.	
Apr 6 2008 	Excellent location for doing the sights	We recently stayed at this quirky hotel for a couple of nights to do a touristy weekend, see the sights and go to the theatre.It's refreshing to stay in a hotel that has deliberately veered away from the bland, standard hotel norm of beige, coffee and cream as it is boldly decorated in monochromes accentuated with splashes of bright jewel colours. The carpet is really unusual - it's like hay, quite long and tufty but nice under bare feet!The hotel is well situated for those not wanting to venture by car too far into London, just off the M4 and easy to find. You can park your car at the hotel and the Gunnersbury tube is a minutes walk down the road. Have to say that I've not used the tube in London for years and it is vastly improved from what I remember. It used to be like going into the bowels of the earth and always smelt like a public toilet with filthy trains, but every train we caught was new and clean as were the stations.Anyway, back to the hotel - room was clean, bright , quiet and spacious with a great double shower and good quality beds and linen. Only slight disappointment (and this is being picky) is that there weren't any complimentary biscuits to go with your cup of tea!Breakfast was also good, plenty of choice with attentive staff, and you could settle down and read your complimentary Irish newspaper (Owner is Irish!) at a leisurely pace.We were late back one evening and used room service for our dinner - again no complaints. It was promply served, prices were competitive and food was tasty.We got the room for a very reasonable non city centre rate and are already planning our next trip - highly recommended!	
Mar 5 2008 	Great Decor - terrible air conditioning	I stayed at the Chiswick Moran for a week on business. I found the decor, room size and bathroom to be really nice, fitout was very cool so my inital impressions were very high. Staff were nice and polite and helpful. Only problem and it was a BIG problem on the two days I worked in my room was the air conditioner does not work!! I spoke to reception about 4 times about it during my stay and they kept saying it was &quot;getting fixed&quot;. I dont think anyone was actually fixing it so I would hate to stay here in Summer - you would swelter. Also unlike most Australian hotels there was no fridge in the room nor ice machine on my floor which when it is HOT in your room is terrible. So middle of Feb it was like the Aussie summer I left - so it was nice to go outside and cool down. Hate to winge so up sides are - great size room, nice staff, decent breakfast, nice bar, cool fitout, not too far from tube (in fact gunnersbury is right there - however Chiswick is more frequent). I'd stay again if they ensured me the air con worked.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Hotel	We booked the Chiswick Moran through TravelRepublic three months in advance and got a double room for under £80. What an absolute bargain. Just 15-20 minutes into the centre of London by tube (Gunnersbury tube right next to hotel), so well positioned if you're prepared to stay a bit outside the Zones 1 &amp; 2.The hotel is excellent; decorated to a very good and modern standard. The room was clean and had a large comfortable bed. Small Plasma telly. We only stayed the one night but would have no hesitation in staying again. The Breakfast was ok, nothing exceptional, but was included in the price so a definite bonus as many hotels and B&amp;B's nearby charge extortionate amounts for the privilige. The staff were friendly and helpful and spoke excellent English, which we've found on many occasions in London to be a big problem. Overall, we would recommend this hotel without question.	
Mar 3 2008 	Good Hotel... but not for me!	I stayed here for five nights. I was on business and was given the option of a number of hotels and chose this one because it was the closest to my work. Apart from that it was close to absolutely nothing and I nearly died from boredom in the evenings. It is close to a tube station but I spent an hour and a half getting to central London one evening. I had an executive room so I really cant compain about the hotel. The room was big, bright, spacious, modern and luxurious as was the bathroom... it was everything you could expect from a hotel of it's standard. I enjoyed the complimentary breakfast also. My only complaint is that it isnt really near to anything of interest.	
Feb 24 2008 	lovely hotel convenient	Stayed here for weekend with my partner, booked through alpha rooms.net for £148.00 (2 nights b&amp;b for both of us.) We flew from dublin to gatwick, flights very reaonable with ryan air (30 euros for 2) I booked the gatwick express train online, it was £58 return for 2) the train goes every 15 mins. When we got off the gatwick express, we got the district line to richmond. The ticket was £4 single, we got off at gunnersbury, this takes 19 mins. We arrived at the hotel and I was very pleased, our room was lovely. The next morn we were woke by drilling on the road at 8am, seemingly this was out of their control. I would accept that, however the duty manager was not too pleasant, she moved us to another room. The breakfast was fine, I was wary off the cooked breakfast from other reviews but it was o.k. Personally I would have liked a better selection of bread or croissants and fresh fruit. We got the tube from Gunnersbury into Picadilly. Get an all day travel ticket, ours was £5.60 each and this gives unlimited travel on the tubes all day. When you book a show be careful, we booked in Leicister Square and had to queue for ages, we realised when we arrived at the Lyrics theatre, our tickets were £9.00 cheaper than we paid. All in all, hotel is not difficult to find, all the staff especially Jamie and Patrick in reception were more than friendly. Rooms were very funky and relaxing. I would go back here.	
Jan 16 2008 	Good Locationcomfortable accomadation	Hotel is clean and comfortable.Very easy to get into cental London from the hotel as it is beside a tube station.Food is very poor (Avoid the Fried Breakfast at all costs)	
Jan 15 2008 	Yes it's a good onebut avoid the fried breakfast!	We stayed at this hotel January 08, based on the very good reviews here. We came by car, and there is a spacious and safe underground car park for £10/24 hours and you can go in and out as you please (pay at Reception on checkout)I was worried the room might be too hot as the windows don't open, but the heating is controllable, and it wasn't a problem. Although our room faced the busy road, noise wasn't a problem, The bed was the most comfortable bed I have slept in for ages-very large double, with crisp white cotton sheets. Good tea/coffee making facilities, but when we asked for more sugar, it never came. All the staff appeared to be from Czech Republik or Poland and it was probably a language misunderstanding. Excellent Breakfast buffet included in the price and you could also order Irish cooked breakfast. However, this arrived swimming in grease, so if you want something hot, get the scrambled eggs with salmon instead.I would definitely stay there again, and you can get the best price from alpharooms.com	
Jan 4 2008 	You can't go wrong!	Excellent! Nice room, nice hotel, nice area.Yes, you have to walk a bit to get to the shopping/restaurant part of Chisweek and yes, you need a Tube trip to get into London city, but this hotel is definitely worth it!	
Jan 4 2008 	Nice	My wife and I have read the reviews from this hotel and we chosen this hotel for the staying for a 4 day vacation for new years eve in London.It is a very nice hotel but we have a pretty big objection - none of the windows can be opened. We took a double deluxe room. It is small but very nice, with a pretty big bathroom - we had a bath and a walk in shower. The climate was set to 25C and it was too hot to sleep. There were no windows and the air-conditioining is blowing directly to your face while in bed. That was a big minus for me.We had a walk in closed but with no shelves, so it kind of hard to unpack your staff, but it wasn't a problem for us. We had a safe and a tee making machine. The personle was really nice and help with everything we ask for. The breakfast is not that rich. There are just 2 kinds of salami and one day they ran out of yogurt?!? But also included in the price was a irish breakfast with mushrooms, eggs, bacon, sausages - very tasty and very large :).The location is pretty conveniece. The distric line is a couple of minutes from the hotel and it takes you directly to Westminster or Tower of London. If you're going to oxford street you must chage but it's not a problem. Also I would like to advise you not to change at Acton town as stated on the hotel web site if you're going from heathrow, becouse you'll need to change your train again. Rather change only at Hammersmith and take the district to Richmond.It is a very nice hotel if you're not claustrophobic.	
Dec 18 2007 	A lovely hotel in a part of London which is very worth some extra travell time.	I loved this hotel. To me, it is a perfect retreat in London. It is a couple of minutes walk from the nearest Underground station, and a few minutes from where I used to live in London, in Gunnersbury.It is a four star hotel without relaxation facilities though with a fitness room.I had a four night stay in London, with two nights first in the Crowne Plaza, Docklands, and two nights in this Moran Hotel. I much preferred The Chiswick Moran Hotel to The Crowne Plaza Hotel, Docklands. Even though I had one complimentary night at the The Crowne Plaza Docklands, I still paid over £20 more for the two night Crowne Plaza Hotel stay than for the two nights here, booked through ABA hotels (abahotels.com). Although The Crowne Plaza, Docklands has full leisure facilities, I found I would much rather stay at The Chiswick Moran. I fully recommend The Chiswick Moran. TRY ABAHOTELS.COM. I paid £68 per night for a room for one person which had one area with double bed and comfortable seating and a further, separatearea with a single bed and desk and chair. This is one hotel, of only a few, I would pay the hotel's usual rate, which I think is £99 online (more otherwise I believe) for a room for one person. It is good value.As expected, there was a hot drinks tray in the room, a stylish one actually, with safety kettle design. The bathroom was lovely with a large, walk in shower (large round 'monsoon' shower head) and separately, a bath.The restaurant is nice, unpretentious, relaxing and a good place to unwind. The bar I must say is one of the nicer places I have experienced in London. THIS BAR IS WORTH TRAVELLING TO if you are not staying at the hotel. It may seem kind of 'retro' in a seventies style but seems, more than that, very modern and of this decade as much as any. Visit to see. There is free Wi-fi Web network access for guests, also free for visitors to the restaurant aand bar. The bar prices are very good. Also 4 to 7 O' Clock afternoons, excluding Sundays, cocktails are only around £3.50 (I can't remember the exact price.) This was refreshing coming from The Crowne Plaza where, away out near furthest South East London, beyond Canary Wharf, cocktails were £8 a time.Room Web network access is by cable and is not free, though you can pay by half hour or hour rather than by day if you like, which is good, and not so common for four star hotels who often charge only a 24 hour rate.Looking at the photos of rooms taken by other guests on Trip Advisor , I think the room I had was best for me, in subtle dark and light greens and white and mauve, and thick, dangle pile carpets. I thought it was the nicest design room I'd had for ages. I really relaxed. (I actually had gotten sick in The Crowne Plaza, then when I needed to go out, I spent all night in a Central London dance club on my second night, though the garish red and brown decor at that hotel had gradually made me ill anyway.)Staying at The Chiswick Moran really was a tonic. It is a lovely area to stay in, though in the immediate vicinity, not offering attractions beyond a shop and take-aways. It is an extra 15 to 20 minutes on the underground to Victoria than if you were staying in Chelsea or Kensington. For me it is very worth this. The hotel is in relatively quiet Gunnersbury which is at the end of Chiswick, and excellently placed for the huge Gunnersbury Park (lovely, really recommended for any time in London). There is a very small nature reserve, The Gunnersbury Triangle also, worth walking through and sitting in, not far from the hotel, entrance by Chiswick Park underground station. What's more, Richmond is a quite short train journey from Gunnersbury station, also Richmond Park. Kingston is a bus ride from there. I happened to have some special views on suburban London with lovely greenery in the back gardens on the road the window looked onto.Shopping, eating and drinking is good in and around Chiswick High Road, one to two stops on the train, or get on a bus from a stop near the hotel, no extra if you have a one day London Travelcard for your underground train journeys. For me, I would very often prefer to go drinking, and eating, in some of the stylish places in Chiswick, than bother trying to find two or three places in the evening in more Central London. And at least one day of any two day stay, I would be very happy to stay in this lovely hotel for refreshment, sustenance, and pleasure. There is further relaxing lobby seating on the first floor, looking down onto the entrance.For excellently priced car rental near the hotel, there is Aim (aimrentacar.com). They offer very nearly the best rates in London, perhaps Easycar aside, and you can pick up from their branch near the hotel at Chiswick Park station, at Gatwick or Heathrow airports, or delivery to any London location (I don't think to Stansted or Luton airports, though you can check).	
Dec 3 2007 	Nice hotel in West London	Due to bad weather I ended up staying an extra night in London. Luckily I manage to book a executive room (129 pounds including breakfast) at the Chiswick Moran Hotel. The Moran hotel in Chiswick is recently opened (2007) and is decorated in a bright (my room was lime green), modern style. Very large room with two reading chairs. Bathroom had both walk-in rain shower and bathtub. Lovely dimmer lights in the main room for a relaxed feel. In room kettle for coffee/tea making.Breakfast is adequate - small selection of cheese and meats, toast and 1 other kind of bread, cereal, the usual continental stuff.Some niggly points: stain on carpet in room (otherwise very clean), expensive Internet (3 pounds for 30min). Chiswick highroad is a very noisy road, would always recommend to stay in one of the rooms not facing the street in Chiswick.	
Nov 12 2007 	Excellent hotel with links to central London	Booked a night at the Chiswick Moran in order to see a show in London. Having stayed at 4 star hotels in central London, with bedrooms the size of cupboards, I thought I would try somewhere further out, but near a tube station (just opposite the hotel on the District line).We arrived just after midday and had no problem checking in at that time. Room size was excellent with an enormous, very comfortable bed. Room had everything you would need, with plenty of tea and coffee. Rooms are decorated in a modern style, our only complaint was that both bed side lights seemed to be on the same switch (a little bit picky).We did not use the retaurant or bar apart from breakfast so I cannot comment on them.Checkout does not need to be completed until midday and as breakfast is served until eleven, this allows for a very lazy morning if required. The staff were all very friendly and I would certainly stay there again.Carpark costs £10 for 24 hours but I don't think that is excessive considering the location.	
Nov 12 2007 	Excellent Hotel !!	We booked into the Chiswick Moran for one night (Fri) as we were visiting the MPH Show at Earls Court. The hotel was easily accessible off the motorway and easily found on the main road. Only a few hundred yards from the railway station and took only 20-25 minutes into central London with one change - or a short ride to Kew Gardens in the other direction. Hotel interior v smart. Receptionist was v friendly and upgraded is to an executive room on arrival ! Room was large and retro in style. Huge bathroom and shower - much nicer accomodation than many other hotels in Central London and v good standard. Plus parking was available at the hotel at extra cost. We anticipated a continental breakfast for the price of the room - £ 76.00 - but there was an excellent buffet style breakfast including Full English!! The actual room tariff should have been £ 190 for a standard and £ 220 for the executive one which we were allocated - so an absolute bargain!! We can only presume that in the week this hotel is probably full of business people and at weekends internet companies are able to buy up these rooms at knock down rates - we booked through www.alpharooms.com. We ate in the hotel restaurant that evening - v good food though a little pricey but then again you pay for the convenience of only having to catch the lift down there !! The car parking was £ 20 for 24 hours or £2 per hour - so we left the car whilst in London on the Saturday returning around 4 p.m. as it saved driving into London and finding parking on a Saturday!We were expecting to pay £ 28 at the ticket machine behind the hotel but - as luck would have it - it would not accept the new £20 note. My husband went back into the hotel and spoke to the receptionist about payment - she said that it was actually cheaper to pay at the reception providing we had stayed at the hotel (the car park is obviously also open to non-residents) and she only charged us £ 10 in total !! We would definitely stay here again. All staff were pleasant and friendly. Ok it is a little further out of central London but well worth the additional 10 minutes on the train.	
Nov 5 2007 	Best one in London so far	We stayed in this hotel for one night in early November. The reason was to come stay in the area - Chiswick - where we used to live and see the Guy Folkes night Fireworks in a local park.Chiswick Moran hotel is easy to find and although a bit of a walk to the centre of Chiswick, where there are loads of bars and restaurants (note to out of towners here: consider spending an evening in Chiswick rather than trecking to London's West End as the restaurants are superb - a plentiful selection for all budgets - and a great night life, without the stifling crowds of west end. You won't be dissappointed.)We got upgraded to a suite, which was great and very modern and clean. We had a bottle of champagne delivered in the room as soon as we requested it (part of the package we got) and we enjoyed the double ended bath sipping champagne. What more do you want?!Also the downstairs bar served great bar food, which we had for lunch and the plentiful breakfast in the morning was good too.I cannot really find any faults in staying in the Chiswick Moran and would/will come again. I love the area and the hotel serves it well, without forgetting the quick transport links to the West End and other shopping areas, like Kensington High Street.Go for it!	
Nov 2 2007	Great Hotel	Very nice hotel with spacious rooms and modern decor - photos show exactly what you'll find. Restaurant is also pretty good - although plenty of alternatives to choose from down the road.	
Nov 1 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	We (myself and my husband) have today returned from a 3 night stay at the Chiswick Moran. I booked this hotel mainly due to the reviews on this site and was certainly not disappointed. The decor was brilliant and the standard hotel room we booked had a huge bed which was really comfortable - could not fault the room at all although I have to say that the shower could have been more powerful. It was a rain-type shower and due to the fact that I am only 5' tall, by the time the water reached me it was more a sprinkle than a shower!Overall the hotel was lovely - friendly staff, good food in the restaurant even though the menu was not extensive. Breakfast was not the best we've had but was adequate.Getting out and about was no problem at all and the city centre was a 20 min. tube ride away. I would absolutely recommend the Chiswick Moran to anyone and would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 29 2007 	Super Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights with partner in standard room which was first class. Tube station in 5 mins walk from hotel and gives you free range for travel all over london.  Arrived late at hotel on first night and had no probs with a quick check-in. Room was huge for London compared to other hotels we have stayed in. Breakfast for next 3 mornings where superb. Staff very nice especially Victor. Would reccomend this hotel to anyone visiting London	
Oct 21 2007 	I never stay anywhere else in London	We have stayed in the Chiswick 3 times now and we will be coming back. I will never go anywhere else when I go to London. We park our car on their parking and travel by tube, the Undergroud station is almost across the road. The rooms are spacious, beautifully decorated with superb beds. The second time we had a familyroom (we were with 3), that one had a double bedroom, bathroom and an extra bedroom for our friend. Excellent.The breakfast is good, staff is very friendly.You do not have to look any further!	
Oct 15 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic Place To Stay!!!	Five of us came to London for a Hen weekend &amp; stayed at the Chiswick Moran hotel. We were a little worried as it is quite far from Central London but we will never stay anywhere else now. What an amazing hotel. The rooms are beautiful, the beds are so comfortable, the duvets are the thickest &amp; softest i've ever felt &amp; the bathrooms....WOW!!! The staff were so helpful &amp; couldn't do enough for us. Breakfast was lovely, the hot food was freshly cooked to order &amp; served to us rather than from a hotplate &amp; cereals, juices &amp; patries were laid out to help yourself. Toast &amp; fresh Tea/coffee was also served to our table. I would highly recommend this hotel, it's worth paying the extra money for taxi's to &amp; from London but there is also a Train/Tube station (Gunnersbury) just over the road literally a 3 minute walk. Taxi fare's ranged from £21(Day)-£40(After midnight) depending on the time of day/night &amp; took between 40 minutes &amp; an hour depending on traffic.Tube/Train costs £4 single one way &amp; took about 35 minutes with a change at Hammersmith.If you didn't want to venture into central London there is plenty to do in Chiswick. A great bar called JB's bar &amp; diner is a couple of minutes walk from the hotel, looks a bit of a dive but is really very nice, very clean &amp; recently re-furbished. The food was gorgeous &amp; the staff were so friendly. Just 5-10 minutes walk away are loads of shops, pubs &amp; bars so there really isn't the need to travel into London if you didn't want to. There is also an Esporta gym &amp; Revive Spa just down the road &amp; the hotel can sort passes out should you want to use the facilities. I highly recommend the Detoxifying aromatherapy massage! All in all the Hotel really made our weekend &amp; we can't wait to go back in April.	
Sep 17 2007 	Stylish	Stylish hotel with very modern rooms as was the trendy hotel bar.Don't be put off by it's west of the city location - it is 5 mins. walk to the river and Kew green ;5 mins. to Chiswick high street and it's myriad of tempting restaurants;2 stops on the tube from Richmond (Gunnersbury tube station is 50 yards) and about 20 mins. by tube straight into the city.Having stayed in some ropey hotels in the city in the past (and paid good money for them) this hotel was excellent and I can't sing it's praises highly enough.I'll be going back there each time I'm back in London - it's location is a virtue as there are no tourists in the area but just fashionable Chiswick/Kew locals.	
Sep 12 2007	Left early	We have just spent 2 nights at the Chiswick Moran and can't understand why it is so highly rated. In fact we checked out early and moved elsewhere. Overall we didn't find the staff particularly friendly. Pros:- comfortable bed- spacious bathroomCons:- windows didn't open- view was ok but hard to see through dirty windows- breakfast was standard, but the coffee not good at all and some of the staff quite unfriendly- lighting in bathroom very dim- light hanging over desk that we kept banging our heads on- the internet costs were very expensive (we have just moved to another hotel where they charge 5 pounds for 3 days - at the Chiswick Moran they charge 5 pounds for an hour)-reception staff seemed unable to help with our internet queries as their command of english was limited-shag carpet had quite a few stains on it - mirror on bathroom door looks like someone is in the bathroom if you walk in at night with out turning on lights!! can give quite a fright!A trip to Richmond only 2 stops on the underground, is highly recommended - lots of lovely shops and restaurants and very pleasant walking along the river.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great Hotel Location	I was here on business for a week recently and had an opportunity to stay over the weekend. The location of this hotel could not have been better as I was working with a company on Power Road (next to the hotel). It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside the hotel has a really neat retro style, very clean, comfortable and fairly quiet. You can tell some interior design went into this hotel from the rain showers to the funky lights. The staff is extremely helpful and very nice, and the room is big for a London hotel (especially the ones in town that cost more than this one). The ample breakfast provided with the room is a huge cost saver as well as you have a choice of a full hot breakfast or their continental buffet The location is also good since both the tube (Gunnesbury) is right across the street and the bus stops right in front of the hotel. These buses can take you to Syon House, Kew, and Hampton Court, all are worth a visit and this is the less expensive way of seeing them if you can take short walks after the bus stops. Tube rides to London is great as this is the District line where some of the major attractions are within a short walk like Tower Hill. It's about 25 mins to Victoria station, watch out for weekend tube work as it may mean you'll have to make some different connections but it still gets you there fairly easily. Rides to and from the airport (LHR) are less expensive than if you had to go all the way into town as it is right between LHR and downtown London. Definitely would stay here again.	
Sep 4 2007 	modern retro heaven	My husband and I, with the 3 children, stayed at the Chiswick Moran as party of a large wedding party on the 31st Aug to the 2nd sept 2007. Set on a busy but central road, you walked into the reception to a cool, retro oasis. We booked independently via the hotel two interconnecting deluxe rooms( one double, one twin) only to be told when we arrived that there were no rooms next to each other left, we explained that this was a problem due to the older children only being 12 and 14 yrs old. A compromise was easily made and we were upgraded to a junior suite and a executive room. However, when we entered the rooms we realised these were both doubles so my husband and I slept apart ( the first night being our anniversary, so the hubby had a bit of a strop on for a while).The rooms were lovely, the only difference between the two was that the suite was a little bigger due to it being on the corner of the building at the front. See pictures for decor. Do feel that the shag pile carpet may need replacing in a few years though as it was starting to look a bit worse for wear, but can't complain on cleanness. The bathrooms were amazing, funky and modern...loved the Green light box mirror. However the bath took ages to fill as the hot water pressure ( 3rd floor) was poor. The rain shower was refreshing.Breakfast.....the buffet was slightly limited but you could order from a small menu.....the salmon and eggs with coffee was a favourite.All in all this hotel deserves it's rating and we all had very pleasant weekend.	
Aug 17 2007 	1st Class	Just back from the Chiswick Moran 10th - 13th August. This was a trip to London for my daughter's 18th, and so we had her and her sister and two other young ladies who were friends of the girls. In all we had 1 x double and 2 x twin rooms. The rooms were lovely and spotlessly clean. We had a bed &amp; breakfast deal and so the early morning meal was a nice way to set us up for the rest of the day out and about in London !! (As an aside Wicked was, well, wicked, and Avenue Q was very good too).Back to the hotel, the staff were most friendly and when one of the girls couldn't open her safe the engineer was there within 5 minutes and had the matter resolved. For the evening, drinks not too pricey and room service which we had in the lounge one night was quick and tasty, and not too dear. For people coming from Gunnersbury Tube Station, turn left as you go through the barrier and you are just about 250 yards from the hotel which is on the right side of the road, so you'll have to cross over.Would I stay here again - definitely.	
Aug 15 2007 	Highly Recommended!	We stayed here for a night, good website rate including full breakfast and expectation was high from the website. Staff were really friendly, hotel unpretentious, rooms were great, big bedrooms and bathrooms, liked the decor..elle decoration with a 70's twist. We had a problem with the water pressure in our room and being terribly British I didn't want to complain, but so glad I did! Front desk were great and offered us another room which was just amazing. Huge bath, fantastic walk in shower, panoramic views overlooking London and the most comfortable bed. Had a lovely meal at the restaurant and equally great breakfast the next morning. The only thing I'd mention is the extras are quite high, tip for people driving, car park is pretty expensive £20 for 24 hours and worth noting you can park in a pay and display bay for 70p per hour with free parking between 6.30pm and 9.00am. The bays are adjacent to the hotel in Power Road. Internet and in house movies are pretty expensive too but apart from that great value for money and staff are the best. Would definitely go back again.	
Aug 12 2007	Shag pile memories	Obviously, Australians (of a certain age, who haven’t travelled well) need to sleep pretty much as soon as they get to London and keep sleeping exactly when they feel like it. So getting a comfy quiet hotel is very important. The Chiswick Moran was exactly right for this, we stayed for a week. Not cheap by Ozzie standards but certainly immaculately clean, spacious, light, airy and comfortable. The rooms are dare I say are “Funky”, i.e. shag pile carpet (didn’t we do that in the 70’s?) however the décor is pleasing. We had an executive room with a very spacious bathroom. The hotel does have a modern, popular bar, but the noise did not interfere with a good’s night sleep. It is a 40 minute train trip into London but 5 minutes to the rail station and easy to reach from Heathrow. There were some excellent local restaurants and pubs within a 15 minute stroll from the Hotel. You do need to be a walker. Tips: Try the little local Tandoori for an excellent smokey experience! Don't use the soap powder at the local laundramat.	
Jul 30 2007 	Highly Recommended!	I couldn't believe how nice this place was. After a bad journey, I was so relieved that the hotel was as lovely as their website claimed! The room was very clean and decorated to a high standard; I wouldn't have picked the bathroom colour for my own house, but it worked! The shower especially was wonderful. The staff were very friendly and helpful, there was ample parking and the breakfast was great, a wide selection of food and drink, although my other half was disappointed that all the croissants had gone by the time we came down! The location was perfect as we were attending an event in Gunnersbury Park and it was very easy to find, even for someone who rarely drives and isn't familiar with the area. The price was extremely good too, I paid the same for a recent stay in another London hotel and this was much nicer! I don't think I'll stay anywhere else in future.	
Jul 12 2007 	My number one London hotel	We stayed here one Saturday night in order to be back in Chiswick after a holiday for a weekend as we are currently temporarily working overseas. We booked it because of the reviews on tripadvisor. After a long haul flight in it was perfect. We had a corner room which was spacious and smelt almost new and in a great location at one end of the Chiswick High Road. Chiswick for anyone that doesnt know is a lovely part of London.The service was great and the Irish breakfast that was included was freshly cooked which is so much better than the usual chain hotels buffets where things have been warming for an age. Absolutely no complaints and this is my number one choice hotel when I come back to London.	
Jul 9 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	Wow! What more can I say? 8 of us stayed there for my hen weekend, and from stepping into the hotel we were very impressed. We stayed on the 5th floor. Everything about the room was to our satisfaction, from the extremely comfy beds to the lovely bathroom/shower. The continental buffet and cooked breakfast was to our satisfaction (although the waitress did get our orders mixed up on the 2 mornings we stayed) and very plentiful. Make sure you taste the danish pastries!The hotel staff were very accomodating and I cannot thank Alberto and his team for making our stay a very pleasant one. It's not the ideal location, but we certainly had no trouble commuting to Central London for our organised activities as Gunnersbury tube station is literally down the road. I would definitely recommend this hotel and look forward to going back again sooner rather than later.	
Jul 8 2007	Fantastic	I stayed in this hotel for a weekend, with 7 friends and we loved every second of it, we were upgraded to executive rooms, which were amazing, the rooms were very good sizes with fabulous bathrooms which had walk in showers and a huge bath. The staff were very pleasent and very friendly, breakfast was nice. The hotel is close to a tube station and gets you into london in about 20-30 minutes. I would highly recommend this hotel	
Jun 24 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed here for a weekend and found the room and bathroom to be very nice, Nice comfy bed and great shower and bathtub The staff were nice and helpful and the food in the bar and room service was great. All in all it's a great hotel and only across the road from the tube station which will have you in central London in half an hour	
Jun 15 2007 	Fantastic Designer Hotel!	We stayed at The Chiswick Moran Hotel last Saturday night, but we wished we could have stayed forever!It's not the best looking hotel from the outside but once we stepped inside we were amazed. We arrived a few hours before check in time but were greeted warmly and even given a free up grade to a Junior Suite.The rooms are gorgeous, fantastically designed with all the high tech gadgets you could wish for.Massive bathrooms with speakers - so you can listen to the music channel while in the shower!All this and it's only a two minute walk to the tube station - don't bother paying double for a hotel in central London.Can't recommend it enough!	
Apr 29 2007 	Great hotel great value	Spent two nights over Easter. Booked through well known hotel booking website, but still given upgrade to superior room on arrival. Superior room bit bigger with bigger bathroom. Being new rooms all in perfect nick and decor great. We paid £72 per room per night for double, including hearty full Irish (Irish owned) breakfast. Also allowed us to check in early so we could leave the car and walk across to Kew Gardens for the rest of the day. Carpark is £10/day for residents (despite sign on barrier saying £20). Get yourself a travelcard from the underground station 200m along the road to get into central London. Would definitely stay again - comfortable, clean, friendly efficient staff.	
Apr 20 2007 	Extremely frustrating experience	Below is the email I sent to the hotel after our stay. No response has been received to this email.Sir/Madam,We stayed at your hotel over the Easter weekend and were extremely disappointed at the experience. Your staff were polite and helpful throughout however two incidents ruined the whole experience.1. As you can see from our original booking we requested a cot. When we checked-in we were told there was a cot in the room. When we arrived in our room no cot was present. When we rang the front desk we were told that there were no cots available and that one was not put aside as we had not requested one via our internet booking.Apart from the contradiction of not having one in the room after being told by the front desk that we had one allocated, we clearly indicated we would like one via our booking and to be told it was not on the internet booking was extremely annoying.90 minutes of our evening was ruined as one of our party had to drive across London to collect a cot.2. We booked a junior suite for the express purpose of being able to put our baby in the bedroom and being able to entertain other members of our party in the living room. When we arrive at our &quot;suite&quot; we discovered that your hotel appears to have re-invented the definition of a suite as it did not have separate living and sleeping areas.I was informed by your front desk that I was indeed in a suite and that the room was your hotel's definition of a suite. While I don't propose to advise you on the best way to market your hotel's rooms, might I politely suggest that calling a single room apartment a suite is clearly misleading and a miss-selling of that room.Regards,	
Apr 8 2007 	We loved this hotel	We took our three children to London staying one night at this hotel. I can't say enough good things about it. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the food was lovely. We had an evening meal which we all enjoyed and the breakfast was fantastic. Our rooms were spacious, clean and the decor really modern and the beds really comfortable. We drove in from the M4 so parking at the hotel for £10 was very good and the tube is close by. We found getting to South Ken very easy and quick.We'll definitely be staying here again - for longer next time. I would recommend this over the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum where we've usually stayed in the past. The Chiswick Moran is very family friendly.	
Apr 2 2007 	Amazing Stay for an Amazing Price	What can i say. Superb! I don't normally stay in hotels, however i wanted something a bit more special when going to london for a romantic weekend. I did loads of research and found that for a ok ish hotel with average reviews on this website i would be paying £100 plus a night for a double room in the centre of london with no breakfast. That's when i found this place. Slightly further out. 2 mins walk from gunnersbury tube station and then 20 min district line journey into centre of london. So for £80 pounds per night including full irish breakfast (very tasty) as well as a continental breakfast (eat as much as you want) i thought this hotel was a bargain. We booked the double deluxe room (there most basic i think) however when we arrived, we were upgraded to the executive double. The service was outstanding. Ringing places for us, finding out any information.The rooms were always clean and tidy, gorgeous bathrooms. For a 20 minute journey into the centre of london, this hotel is definately worth. All the good reviews about this place are correct. Chiswick high st, is nearby, 2 mins on the bus, 10 - 15 minute walk and there are loads of restuarants there too. we went there sunday night. Basically i can't recommend this place enough.	
Mar 7 2007 	Great stay at the Chiswick Moran	We booked the Chiswick Moran for a weekend stay after reading other reviews on Trip Advisor and we weren't disapponted. We only paid £78 per night for a double room (including breakfast) on Laterooms and it was a great bargain!!!The hotel is well situated 200 yards from Gunnersbury tube station. It is spotlessly clean throughout. The rooms are well furnished with flat screen TV, a very comfortable bed, and a beautiful bathroom with shower and bath. The only fault was no tea-making facilities in the room. The staff were exceptionally friendly and obliging for London. Parking would have been expensive (£20 per day) but the receptionist allowed us to park in one of the free spaces at the side of the hotel. (No CCTV but there wasn't any problem.) Breakfast was included and was of an excellent standard with very pleasant service.The bar was very lively in the evening. Its obviously popular with locals. Half price cocktails were on offer until 7pm on weekday evenings. Altogether a great stay. We will definitely be back.	
Feb 27 2007 	Sorry we only had one night	I chose this hotel mainly because of the reviews on this site. We were upgraded on arrival to a junior suite and I had no problem with the furry carpet. The room was very bright and tastefully decorated with everything one could need for an overnight stay.The shower was one of the rainfall variety and after a refreshing soak we hit Le Vacherin just off Chiswick High Street (that's another review). Getting back we popped into the bar for a nightcap, not overly crowded but a nice buzz. The bed was comfortable and breakfast next morning was very good, both hot and cold choices. The staff were very friendly and attentive. I would definitely stay here again, I got a good deal through Octopus and feel this was a real &quot;find&quot;. As regards parking, the sign on the carpark said £2 per hour or £20 per day but we paid at reception for 1 day and it was £10 which we thought was good.	
Feb 26 2007 	What a GREAT hotel	My partner and i are very happy and content guests. We strongly recommend this hotel to anyone. Its based in a lovely and convienent location, only 20min from central london with the gunnersbury station only minutes away. All the staff were very helpful and friendly and might i add that they all looked very proffesional and lovely in they uniforms.The room we were allocated to was absolutely gorgeous which had a magnificent view of the area.I booked this room through Superbreak as a suprise for my partner as it was his birthday, absolutely worth every penny.We will without a doubt recommend the Chiswick moran hotel to our family and friends.	
Feb 21 2007 	Fine hotel in Chiswick	Fine hotel for the Chiswick area of London - an area which has been lacking in decent accommodation. It's some distance from Heathrow and requires 1-2 changes. The rooms are fine, bed very comfy, food fine, staff pleasant and attentive, prices are reasonable. The decor is intentionally 70's retro which does mean it is likely to look dated fairly quickly so best stay now! The staff didn't seem to know if parking was available or not but I have since been told you need to book a parking space when booking the room. I have just 3 comments about the room; whoever chose the carpet didn't realise that thick furry shag does give the feel of walking on pubic hair. A full lenght mirror on the bathroom door was a problem for me. I stayed for 4 nights and every night when I got up for a pee I had a shock that somebody was standing in the bathroom doorway. Others with a less dramatic imagination may be OK. Finally, there is no shaving socket. The person at reception told me this was because there were concerns that guests may abuse the sockets .. not sure how or why. I'll certainly stay again. I'll take slippers to avoid the carpet, a razor and leave the bathroom door open in the night to avoid the shock.	
Feb 19 2007	Great stay Great Value	My husband &amp; I just returned from a weekend at the Moran. Its a fairly new hotel which has only been open about 8 months and I have to say I was pretty impressed. We stay at a lot of 4-5 star hotels in Europe and its not perfect yet (its still young), but its pretty darn good. Its furnished in a more modern version of 60s-70s style, very nicely done. The bathrooms are nice &amp; modern (good tubs, very important). It is located only a block and a half from a Tube stop. There are also MANY nice restaurants/bars within 5-6 blocks (10 min.) walk from the hotel right on Chiswick High Road. For the money, I think you really cannot do better in London. We booked on-line at octopustravel and received a very good rate with a full breakfast included.The stay wasn't &quot;flawless&quot; (which is a bit to be expected with a brand new hotel), we had a small issue with hot water when we checked in, but as soon as we mentioned the problem and the maintence staff verified there was an issue, we were immediately upgraded to a Jr. Suite and had no problems whatsoever. The staff is great, incredibly helpful. The bar is also really nice and very popular, if you want to have drinks there on a weekend night you should reserve a table as many people from the area come there as it has a very cool ambience.	
Feb 4 2007	Good quality value for money	I booked the Chiswick Moran on the strength of other TripAdvisor reviews, and I was very pleased.We stayed just the one night, and I asked for a room with both shower and bath and got an upgrade from Deluxe to Executive without any problem. This hotel is high quality, with friendly staff, and very well located for tourists coming into London from Heathrow or the West who are happy to use the 'tube' to get into central london. Tip: use the buses right outside the hotel to go out west to Kew, Richmond and Twickenham - lots of historic parks and stately homes within a couple of miles - you can also get a boat from Kew Bridge up to Hampton Court or into Westminster - Kew Bridge is a short 15 minutes walk or a quick bus ride from the hotel.	
Jan 24 2007 	Love it Love Love it	I am very fussy when it comes to hotels. I read the other reviews not believing it could be as good as they say. It was however very nice. Modern, stylish, friendly (for london) and ideal loacation. I know i liked it as i came away thinking i hope nobody ruins the room we have just stayed in as i really look forward to staying here again. Breakfast was slightly below par, few people complaining about cold undercooked food, however i didn't have a problem with my toast, fruit, yoghurt selection. A few suggestions for even better service - would be variety of teas on offer, ladies magazines in rooms, branded toiletries (cant beat molton brown!), banning children from bar area.	
Jan 5 2007 	Molto bello. Very good!	We've been there since 29th December to 5th january, in a triple room. Very very nice and modern room, LARGE, clean and comfortable. Internal bathroom with shower and bathtub.Lights in the room were very good, with dimmer in the bathroom too!! A LCD TV was present , 3 seats and a table.The staff was nice, continental breakfast was complimentary and abundant until 10 am (11 am in weekends) in Napa restaurant, inside the hotel.A very nice bar with lots of seats was present in the hotel.We spent a very good holiday there, at only 5 minutes by foot from Gunnesbury underground station (district line, zone 3, less than 30 minutes to Westminster station). By night, the N9 bus took us from Piccadilly Circus to a bus stop at 10 meters from the hotel entrance: very comfortable!!Ok, it's not properly &quot;London downtown&quot;, but..hey, you can't have everything!! Before staying there, we spent a night in another hotel in Paddington: we didn't stay bad there too, but the room was TINY, and no comparison is possible with Chiswick hotel: another level!The concierge staff was very nice with us, they come from Ireland, Poland and Australia, and it was funny talking with them...Considering the (very) HIGH prices for London hotels, we consider Chiswick Moran Hotel a good place to stay.Definitely we'll return there again in a future holiday in London!!By Gianluca Annalisa and Paola (Italy)	
Dec 19 2006 	fantastic		
Dec 6 2006 	really nice hotel pricey extras		
Nov 28 2006 	Perefect		
Nov 19 2006 	Excellence at a reasonable price		
Nov 7 2006 	Faultless.		
Oct 16 2006 	Absolutely faultless		
Oct 11 2006 	Fantastic		
Sep 27 2006 	Loved it go there!		
Aug 2 2006	Great and good value		
Jul 24 2006 	What a find!		
Jul 30 2009 	Klasse!		
Mar 6 2009 	j'adore		
