	Dorchester Hotel - London	It was ouir second time at the Dorchserter and when we got yo our room there was a bottle of champagne. They show you around your room and make you feel so welcome.	
Nov 17 2009 	Afternoon Tea - a wonderful memorable experience	Although I didn't actually stay at the Dorchester, I had such a lovely experience with their traditional afternoon tea I thought I better write a review! I did much research on where I wanted to have afternoon tea and picked the Dorchester because it was one of the best value for money I could find (and I was was paying, so it better be good!). The lobby is warm and inviting and the Christmas tree was well decorated. I also got to check out the bathrooms while I was there - very private and elegant. Anyway, I absolutely loved the whole afternoon tea experience. Our waiter was so friendly and charming, he bent over backwards to help us. After seeing us looking confused at a map, he came to our assistance and gave us helpful directions to our destination. Two out of three of us are vegetarian and we thought the Dorchester catered really well to our needs, offering a simple yet delicious variety of both meat and meat-free options that we were all satisfied with. The sandwiches were offered at least three times before we served with a honey yoghurt parfait thing which was a welcomed surprise - it was delicious. The scones were of a high quality and the clotted cream, jam and marmalade were delicious. While the french pastries weren't to my taste (I am just not a pastry person, that's all, but I can appreciate them) they were perfectly presented. The ambience is wonderful and just like it appears on the website. The signature Dorchester blend was also fantastic. I just thought the service was brilliant, they make you feel like a movie star and are totally welcoming, professional yet approachable. I paid 33.50 pounds per person and I think it was such a memorable experience that I will take with me forever (but certainly will do next time I'm in London!!). It was worth every penny.	
Nov 9 2009 	Next they'll probably charge for electricity	The Dorchester is an iconic British hotel. I've stayed in it many times. You can't beat the Mayfair location right across from Hyde Park. The lobby is lovely and a perfect spot for enjoying a cocktail or beautiful English tea. But now with the dollar at an all time low staying at the Dorchester has become prohibitive. That said, I decided to bite the bullet, and spend the ridiculous sum to stay where I feel most comfortable. For almost three thousand pounds a night I was shown to a &quot;Dorchester Suite&quot;. It's a little snug (under 800 sq. feet) but very nicely decorated and comfortable. There were fresh flowers and a welcome back note from the manager. Here's why I will not return to the Dorchester: there is a 20 pound charge per day per computer in every room and suite. I was there for seven days. Do the math. I find this ridiculously short sided and tacky. So while in London I visited at least a dozen 5 star hotels to see if I could find a suitable replacement. Truth be told not all the suites I was shown were as beautiful as the suites at the Dorchester. But several were and besides having a considerably lower price NOT ONE OTHER HOTEL CHARGED FOR INTERNET. At the end of my week I checked out of the Dorchester and told the desk clerk that I was not happy about the internet charge. He apologized and said it's a frequent complaint but that management was not willing to change it. He suggested I negotiate the charge on my next visit and they would probably cut the price in half. I asked if he would cut the fee in half this time and he said he couldn't. I thanked him and told him there wouldn't be a next time. After years of loyal patronage this idiotic charge was the straw that broke the camel's back. I have booked my next London visit at the Stafford. For almost a thousand pounds less per night I'm staying in a beautifully decorated suite that is larger than the Dorchester Suite and yes, comes with free internet. It's also in a terrific location and has a fabulously cozy and charming bar and the staff I met could not be nicer. And best of all, I won't feel like a schmuck spending a lot of money and feeling fleeced.	
Nov 3 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	Just came back from a night at the Dorchester. There where no problems whatsoever the staff where so helpful and the hotel and bedrooms are beautiful. It deserves every star it has.	
Nov 3 2009 	excellent all round	Spent half term with the family in London.Despite the fact that we arrived dragging our suitcases from the underground,we were warmly welcomed with none of the supposed snobbery suggested by some of the previous reviewers.Two great interconnecting rooms,complimentary champagne and chocolate.Great position for attending shows in the west end,and even paparazzi waiting outside on our return in the evening-but not waiting for us!Will definitely stay again when visiting London.	
Oct 25 2009 	Want the best service and location for a client thank you event? Book the Penthouse Suite - remarkable	Used the Penthouse Suite for a private function to celebrate achievements of four outstanding individuals in their field (with partners) and to present them with awards. Simply the best service I have experienced in the UK. The private balcony complete with fountains and views across the iconic London skyline was breath taking. Not many places could have given our guests this type of experience.Very grateful to the outstanding staff for a memorable evening.	
Oct 24 2009 	I'm not sure what all the hype is about	Good hotel but I’m not sure what the hype is about.Summary:· Good location for West End· Great beds and sheets· Spotlessly clean· Friendly front desk and doormen· Overall decoration in rooms needs to be freshened up· Room Service food wasn’t that good· Breakfast was ok but a very long way off 5 stars both in terms of the food and the ambience.A good impression, the hotel is spotless, nice lobby, doorman very helpful.Reception staff very pleasant.I booked a superior Queen room as I was staying for 1 night for a business meeting, it wasn’t a big room but it wasn’t bad given I wasn’t staying long. The room was in relatively good condition couple of bulbs hadn’t been replaced but bed very comfortable and sheets fantastic, quite bright and had nice B&amp;O TV. The air con vents face the bed and some people may not necessarily like that. Bathroom was in good condition and marble everywhere however the bath/shower over felt tired plus they had those rubber mats in the bath when you shower which is good but felt dated and I’m not sure it’s terribly hygienic really. Nice Floris toiletries and great towels.When you enter the floor from the lift you feel like your transported back to some type of 1950s hotel in terms of décor, but not in a good way. That combined with the rooms which if you like chintz you love it here. But chintz in a 1980s Laura Ashley way. It didn’t feel elegant or bygone era, simply old really like visiting an elderly relatives house.I ordered room service, which took slightly longer than they said it would, I wasn’t that fussed but hey its 5 star I expect it within 30mins if they tell me that’s what it will be. That wasn’t the worst part though. I felt the food wasn’t particularly good. I ordered a prawn pasts dish, frankly the prawns were well overcooked and like bullets and overall it was bland. The desert wasn’t that much better. I won’t bore you with the details suffice it to say I’ve had much better for lesser establishments.After room service I went down to the bar but I have to say personally to me it looked like a 1980s night club, lots of black and some bright lights, again it didn’t do much for me personally but some people may love it because it’s the Dorchester.However the final nail in the Dorchester coffin for me was the breakfast the next morning. After the room service the previous evening I decided to go down for breakfast, its held in the Dorchester Grill. Mmmm it’s a very large virtually windowless room, which has been tarted up, with some gold, tartan and a large flower display. If felt like I was eating breakfast in a well decorated conference all, it had that lack of ambience. I think it hit home particularly as it was 7.30am. Frankly I felt it quite depressing room for breakfast it just didn’t feel right at all. Perhaps it would be ok in the evening but I’m not convinced. However it’s certainly not a good place to have breakfast, the waiter served my food, which he promptly got wrong. I didn’t complain, as I didn’t see the point. I had scrambled eggs and smoked salmon both which tasted again bland but given the lighting speed it arrived after I ordered it I don’t believe they made the eggs to order and that also came across in the presentation. Compared to the Connaught, which had a fabulous breakfast room and fantastic breakfast, this was no where near as good.Overall I found my Dorchester experience quite odd, I wanted to love it, but ended up feeling sorry for it. It needs to be freshened up and someone needs to overhaul catering. Given the prices I’d rather stay in other London hotels.	
Oct 22 2009 	Slight Disappointment	After staying here last month on my own I was really looking forward to my stay last weekend and had booked the weekend stay as a birthday present to my mother. When we came to check in the trouble started. As I was paying with a Solo card (debit, the same I payed with one month previously) I was told in no uncertain manner that an extra £200 per night would be deducted from my card for security purposes and then refunded on my exit. I was shocked and angry to say the least. I am a student, and I understand that paying with a debit card is not the best option for a hotel but to be treated like this was ridiculous. My mother and I are not the types to rack up huge room service bills, and we were both dressed very well, so didn't exactly look like a shady type. When I protested against the extra charge and mentioned my previous stay 5 weeks earlier I was poo-pooed and told there was no record of this card on the system. This is ridiculous as it was the exact card I payed with before. We then agreed to pay in cash, and the matter was apparently forgotten about.The room was lovely, although the beige carpet was pretty badly stained, and this is not the sort of thing I expect in hotels holding this reputation, but bar that everything else was immaculate.The rest of our stay was wonderful, breakfast was perfect, and the spa luxurious.On checkout however, the problems resumed. As I had been made to pay for the room at check in I assumed there would be no problem at check out, and I would just have to drop off keys, I was then told £220 would be refunded to my card: they had deducted this with no knowledge or permission from myself. This whole debacle was then topped off by then noticing a room service charge on the bill which was completely incorrect. Not only this, but the chap checking out beside us had been wrongly charged for an entire dinner and one of the hotel's restaurants. The hotel as a whole is beautiful and terribly romantic. Service is on the whole superb, and many of the staff are as helpful and friendly as can be. My experiences slightly marred the trip as it was not the start we had been hoping for, and the slight shabbiness of the room because of the carpet didn't quite meet expectations. Also, on our first night the room which adjoined ours had very thin walls and at three am I was subjected to an hour of some of the worst 'When Harry Met Sally' impressions I have ever come across, complete with bed banging against the wall - not quite what you want to listen to with your mother Although this all sounds rather negative, the hotel is one of my favourites and we will definitely be back in the near future although I think I may pay on another card	
Oct 19 2009 	Didn't expect to be staying above a night club - they should have told us	We've stayed at The Dorchester before. Largely this hotel delivers in terms of the standards of it's accommodation and amenities and you can read about all of that in detail from numerous reviews elsewhere. However one thing really surprised me on our stay this past Friday. We stayed in room #130 and from 1030pm until 130am there was a pretty loud function being hosted at the ballroom downstairs. The noise was more than loud enough to prevent us from going to sleep - honestly it was pretty loud! I eventually phoned the Night Manager at 1230pm and at first he didn't know what I was talking about, then advised that the noise was towards &quot;the upper end of their acceptable range&quot; and that they were monitoring it, then offered for us to change rooms. I thanked him for the offer, but didn't want to get dressed, pack and move at that time of night (especially as we were leaving the next day anyway). I think that they have a problem with sound proofing from the ballroom, and so recommend asking for a higher floor if available. My main gripe is that we were never informed that a function was going to take place and so couldn't avoid this ourselves. Not great from a hotel of this standard and price.	
Oct 12 2009 	"Fantastic Stay 	Booked this hotel for my Wife's Birthday and brought the Kids along who had a interconnecting room..what a great stay we all had.The service from the moment we worked in was fantastic the doorman were very polite and professional,Reception Staff were smiling and want a smooth check-in.They congratuled my wife on her Birthday without me even mentioning this.. nice touch!!.We were then walked to our rooms by the Receptionist and the room layout explained.. by then our bags had also arrived by a smiling porter.Their was a welcome card and chocolates for my wife....again nice little touches..and the bottle of bubbly I ordered was waiting and chilled !!.My kids found cookies in their room !!...the food was great China Tang was really nice for dinner great menu lots of choice for vegeterians..the treatment rooms are great and very relaxing again the staff we really professional and smiling..We have stayed in many hotels around the world and we are really fussy but this was a great experience for us !!! ..I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 3 2009 	Fourth Stay---Heavenly!	I'm very sorry some of the reviewers have had unpleasant experiences with the Dorchester. I've stayed at this hotel 3 times this year, and one time in 2005. I found the hotel fabulous for several reasons:1. Customer service was attentive and welcoming. At no time (contrary to the perceptions of the critical reviews posted on this website) did I receive or perceive second-rate treatment simply because I arrived by taxi. The doormen and bellhops were extraordinarily accommodating. Perhaps the guests in the prior reviews were a bit unhappy about their modest mode of transportation, but I've never perceived the Dorchester staff to be concerned about this. 2. The public areas are spacious and beautiful--replete with amazing flower arrangements. The rooms are large (the smallest is approximately 346 sq. ft). and, as the website states, &quot;inherently British&quot;--with modern technology and antique, plush furnishings. The bathroom is covered in beautiful marble, the bath tub is very large and your hot bath is ready in less than two minutes! Most impressive is the bed-- the most heavenly bed in which I have ever slept. The sheets and pillows feel like creamy butter. Their gift shop sells their pillows--I am tempted to buy. I've read that the Dorchester beds are considered the most luxurious in London--and I'm a believer. 3. The front desk staff has been consistently warm, friendly, professional and attentive. No matter how I looked upon arrival following an 11 hour flight in very casual attire, the staff has always provided a warm welcome and made me feel at home. Additionally, on my last visit, the concierge spent more than one hour attempting to track down my concert ticket number because I had left my tickets at home. He was fantastic.4. The Dorchester often offers great week-end rates, with breakfast included. I overheard one guest stating that he usually stays at the Hilton, but he was staying at the Dorchester because the hotel offered a more competitive price. The breakfast is both delicious and indulgent, offering a variety of eggs, cereals, meats, toast and an array of warm, baked muffins. I can't say enough about my wonderful experiences at the Dorchester. For this reason, I will continue to return. I'm returning in December!	
Sep 26 2009 	charging creditcard in express	My wife and I stayed for 4 nights at Dorchester in may last year. We are from Stavanger in Norway and have been in London several times. We like Londom very mutch. At the reseption the reseptonist would have my creditcard. I told him that we had payed it to our travelcompany in Stavanger several weeks ago. He would not accept that and charged my card for about Nkr. 24.000,- what would bee about 2.400 pounds ? The rom cost about Nkr.16.000,- / 1.600 pounds. It did not help that I showed him the reciept from the travellagenci in Stavanger. He said the amount would be for possible dammage of the room ! ! ! ! If this hotel is a hotel witch have many guests dammaging the rooms, it's not the kind og hotel we want to stay at. It took about 2 weeks before the amount of Nkr.24.000,- was returned to my creditcard. So WE will not stay any more times at the Dorchester. The people in the reseption was not ofthe nice kind. But we did not arrive in a Rolls Royce or simmilar. We arrived in a taxi. When we shold lleave we had ordered a Mercedes we chaffour to take us to Heathrow. The chaufour was not allowed by the people outside the hotell to wait for us outside the hotel. He had to wait for us in a street oppersit of the hotel.	
Sep 19 2009 	appalling !!!!	Booked a weekend at The Dorchester for a weekend to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary and my sixtieth birthday, on arrival the staff appeared to be very courteous and obliging but after we had been out for a walk in the afternoon we received a telephone message to say the hotel needed to authorise our credit card, I attended reception and said it was not a problem but then I was advised I should telephone my bank and release more funds to cover the bill, it became very apparent the Dorchester thought we were fraudsters and fully expected us to do a &quot;moonlight flit&quot;. That evening we had booked a table at Langans for dinner but the evening was completely spoiled as all we could talk about was the indignity of The Dorchesters apparent appraisal of our financial circumstances, I confronted the duty manager and advised him we had more than sufficient funds to cover whatever came our way. I also advised my wife and I had stayed in some of the best hotels in the world (Raffles, Waldorf Astoria and many top class Hiltons) and had never experienced anything like the embarrassment The Dorchester has inflicted on us. The duty manager offered us a champagne tea as way of compensation but we declined, we do not need &quot;free-bees&quot;, we can pay our our way.All we ask is that all guests are treated with respect and not made to feel insignificant because the do not turn up in a Rolls Royce or wear armani suits.It looks suspiciously like the Hotel runs a &quot;postcode&quot; appraisal of guests, obviously ours (Sheffield) was on their risky list and they wanted to make sure we did not leave without paying. What was supposed to be a celebratory weekend turned in to a nightmare and one we will remember for a long time to come and no, we will not be going back to The Dorchester, even if was free.	
Sep 4 2009 	Wonderful Afternoon Tea	As a treat for us we opted for &quot;Afternoon Tea at the Dorchester&quot; What an excellent choice it turned out to be - From the moment we arrived the Staff we polite and friendly – when we stepped out of the taxi our bags were taken off us and we went into the bar for a drink. Here we had cocktails and relaxed. We were then shown to our table, the waiter was delightful and could not do enough for us – he made our afternoon tea very special. We started with a glass of champagne and then he went on to explain all the different teas, sandwiches and pastries we would be having.  The floral displays are wonderful the décor is beautiful, you feel like you’re in another world with the pianist playing through the afternoon. We did not feel hurried or rushed as the ambience in the Dorchester is very calm and unhurried. Whilst this is a real treat and not cheap it is really worth every penny and we all have wonderful memories of our trip to London.	
Aug 30 2009 	A bit disappointing...	Stayed at the Dorchester for a romantic getaway last year. I had booked champagne and flowers in advance but unfortunately it took 3 phone calls to reception to get this organised which took the surprise element away and left a bad impression. Initially our room overlooked an air conditioning unit which was disappointing for the money we paid, the staff did however move us to a better room on request.Breakfast was lovely, very luxurious, impeccable service. Overall, a luxurious hotel, great location but not really worth the money or hype.	
Aug 15 2009 	no blacks asians or dogs??	i went to the Bar in the dorchester after eating in the allan ducaisse restaurant, i was accosted by a security thug/manager at the door who said that the bar was only for residents, I said I was a resident and this security thug continued to shout at me to show my hotel key.even when i hgav ethe key he wouldnt believe me and went ot recepytion to confirm. Im black .on sitting down, i saw three skimply dressed blonde hookers,chatting very cordially with the barmen. i met and chatted with a white couple who said they were not residents,. so i was sure i had been a victim of racism and discrimaination, this experience ruined my evening, and my stay in the hotel and i would think twice about staying or recommeding it.I warn other ethnic minorities about this racist policy.even when i complained to the duty manager there were no apologies from him or upper management , even though i stayed for two more days.	
Aug 9 2009 	Magical and Pure Luxury!!!	My husband and I decided to celebrate our 40th Wedding Anniversary by treating ourselves to a London show and a night at the Dorchester, however we had no idea that the management and staff at the Dorchester would make our special occasion even more special.From the minute we arrived at the hotel we were treated like royalty by everyone. Our room was upgraded to a Suite where a bottle of champagne on ice and a bowl of fruit was awaiting our arrival, followed by a tray of chocolates and flowers. We had afternoon tea in the Promenade and everything was just perfect - there was plenty to eat and I couldn't believe that a sandwich could be so delicious! Our waiter was very attentive and friendly and again made us feel very special - he even brought out two small tartlets with candles to wish us a Happy Anniversary. Breakfast was the same, perfect in every way. We have nothing but praise for the staff, who were all so friendly and always smiling. Thank you to all at the Dorchester for making our 40th Anniversary an unforgettable occasion.	
Aug 8 2009 	Wow Wow... What an experience	Wow Wow... What an experienceIt was our 10th Wedding Anniversary &amp; Sons B'day wanted something very very special, It was a royal welcome for us, people were very nice, I would say personalise service for everything. had high tea at the promenade its was more than a main meal.and we had some nibble in the room,It was a mini BBQ in your room, We stayed at the Belgravia suite simply stunning views of the Hyde park, Toilets was better than the bed room, everything was so much in to detail.Service was best we have ever experience in a hotel, simply extraordinary team, We spotted few celebrities while we are on the promenade including Prince Andrew we were too shy to photograph him the experience worth lot of money.We had a memorable stay, highly recommend this place if you are after a treat.We are already planning our next trip	
Jul 12 2009 	5 Star Afternoon Tea!	After much research we opted for Afternoon Tea at the Dorchester. An older review on Trip advisor was very helpful, and we hoped all would be still the same. Indeed, I can confirm all the other reviewer said. The price for the full afternoon tea (excluding champagne) is now £33.50, plus 12% service charge, but for a truly unforgettable afternoon we felt it was worth paying.For any special occasion it will make a perfect treat. The staff are very friendly and hepful, and if you are not used to frequenting 5 star hotels you will not feel at all on edge!The afternoon tea includes as many sandwiches as you can eat! A nice selection of chicken, cheese, smoked salmon, egg mayonaise was offered. Then a small dessert, followed by warm dainty scones (plain and fruit) with cream and jam. You are served seconds, if requested. (we managed 4 each!) There is a selection of small delicate cakes to finish. The tea menu is extensive, but not being an expert I took the waiters advise and went for the Dorchester Blend. This was perfect - in fact you will never want a tetley tea bag again! The ambience in the Dorchester is very calm and unhurried. There are only 2 sittings so you have almost 2 hours before you have to vacate the table. The pianist plays throughout the afternoon and you really feel you are in another world. The decor is lovely, with beautiful floral displays, potted palms etc.	
Jul 12 2009 	First class	I stayed at the Dorchester for one night only for the purpose of a special occasion. This is a world class hotel located in an exclusive part of central London. The small amount of reserved parking spaces in front of the hotel are only ever full with Ferraris, Aston Martins, and Bentleys etc.On arrival, the lady at reception was 100% welcoming, polite and professional.Room was luxurious, spacious and perfect.On a separate occasion in 2007 I had dinner at the Dorchester and again the service and quality was 100% at all times.This hotel will not come cheap, but for a special occasion/treat, you should certainly not be disappointed.	
Jul 10 2009 	Fabulous Afternoon Tea at The Dorchester	We booked afternoon tea at the Dorchester as an anniversary present to ourselves and from the moment the doorman opened the doors and we walked in to this amazing hotel it was like Alice falling down the rabbit hole!We arrived early and were told that our table would be ready in a few minutes and so we went to the bar and had a cocktail each. The Barman was very knowledgeable in his drinks and my girlfriend had a New York cosmopolitan and I had a blackberry mojito and although the drinks did come to £24 they where the best cocktails we had ever had.We where then told that our table was ready and that’s when a truly memorable experience started we chose our tea and rose champagne was brought over which we enjoyed and then a selection of sandwiches arrived and continued to arrive until we could eat no more. Then the French pastries and scones it really was a feast for kings.The waiter was very polite and asked what the occasion was and we said it was our first anniversary and moments later he brought a cake out with chocolate writing saying happy 1st anniversary this was such a nice and generous touch which we both enjoyed. The tea was delightful I had the Dorchester blend and my girlfriend had the breakfast blend. I myself am a coffee drinker but I did really enjoy the tea and the entire afternoon tea experience.The bill came in at £121.00 for the both of us as we chose the Wimbledon rose champagne afternoon tea and although expensive the experience was worth it. My only complaint was the dress code seemed lax as me and my girlfriend both made an effort and dressed smartly yet there where foreign guests there in ripped jeans and shorts which let the place down a little I thought.I hope this review has been a help and made you want to share the experience we had.	
Jul 4 2009	Expected more....	This was my first stay at The Dorchester - travelling with my sister who was 50 on the day of our arrival.Check-in was great, with friendly reception staff and we were taken up to our room and shown all the amenities.Our room was fantastic, great decor, very spacious - we had a deluxe twin room. The only downside to the room was that there was absolutely no view as we looked out on a hedge (decor as part of the front of the hotel I think). The bathroom was massive - great toiletries and an extremely deep bath.We took Afternoon Tea in the hotel and this was a little disappointing. Tea consisted of a round of 5 types of sandwich, two very small scones each and a variety of dainty cakes and a pot of tea. All very nice, but I was disappointed that our server didn't offer a top up of tea, or more scones. In fact, once we had been served there was not much attention at all. Now, having taken tea at The Ritz I found this was a very different experience - at The Ritz the server came around on multiple occasions to check whether we required more tea, scones etc.The hotel did excel in remembering my sisters birthday and they delivered a birthday cake and a big bunch of flowers to our room. What a great surpise and thank you very much to the management - it made my sisters day.Breakfast the following day was a great disappointment again. My breakfast came first, while my sister had to wait 20 minutes for a Dorchester Bacon Buttie to arrive. When it did finally arrive the bacon was so fatty that she was unable to eat it. No-one came to check that we were ok or to offer us anything further to eat, or top up our tea pot. In fact we were left to it. Considering that the bill for this was £57 (luckily included in our room price) I was less than happy. Now having stayed in many Ritz Carltons and JW Marriotts breakfast came as a massive disappointment having enjoyed many fantastic breakfasts (with much more than you could ever eat) in these hotels. Granted these were in America, but why should it be so different in the UK?We checked out after breakfast and the last comment I have to make is about the Door Staff/Concierge. The only way I could describe them was surly. I think they are used to dealing with middle eastern, or Russian, or celebrity type people and when it came to looking after 2 middle aged english ladies, they really couldn't be bothered. They left us to look for our own taxis and literally ignored us to the point of being rude. So - would I return to The Dorchester? No - absolutely not. It was an experience, but one not to be repeated. The food, restaurant servce and the attitude of the door staff left much to be desired.	
Jun 26 2009 	Elegant and Calm	I've never stayed at a more fabulous hotel. The staff were beyond helpful - both at the fore and behind the scenes - and after a hectic day of touring returning to the Dorchester was like coming back to an oasis. Travelling solo can you can sometimes feel like an anomaly - but at this hotel you will be treated with respect many helpful hints to facilitate your experience.	
Jun 24 2009 	In every way worthy of its reputation.	Once in a while it is lovely to spend a little extra and stay somewhere special. My daughter and I came to London for business for a couple of days and decided to see why my husband spoke so fondly of The Dorchester. Now, we know. Discretion, luxury, style, and every possible amenity. The Alain Ducasse restaurant was truly outstanding - and very good value in its class for the lunch menu. View of Hyde Park on a perfect spring day was a bonus. I can't think why I would ever pay about fifty pounds less for an ordinary hotel, when I could spend a little more and feel this papmpered. A personal treat I shall repeat soon!	
Jun 2 2009	Loved the Dorchester	what can you say about the hotel that is legendary for its service and hospitality.they do more than more to keep that reputation..	
May 28 2009 	Married at the Dorchester....exquisite hotel!	My husband and I chose The Dorchester for our wedding on May 2nd and had an amazing time. From visiting the hotel to plan our day up until we checked out the staff were superb. We were married in the Pavillion and Penthouse room on the 8th floor overlooking the city and had an amazing day.We had a suite overlooking Mayfair and on arrival were given a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries which we enjoyed in the mammoth bath. After our wedding we returned to the room to find more strawberries and a lovely card from the hotel manager congratulating us on our wedding.We ordered breakfast in bed and the amount of food that was delivered was brilliant. We ate in the room and the server set up the table and came back later to collect the dishes. We forgot toothbrushes and they kindly brought them up along with a comb and toothpaste.The staff are the blood of the hotel. Everyone was extremely friendly and the service second to none. We are already planning our next visit.	
May 20 2009 	A Top Notch London Hotel	The Dorchester is the top of London elegance. Many celebs are spotted in the lobby or staying here. We chose this hotel because of it's fine reputation. We stayed in a Dorchester Suite which had two bedrooms and magnificent views of Hyde Park. The Rolls Royce picked us up from the airport and took us promptly to the hotel, the front staff (who are dressed to the nines) greeted us extremely friendly). The staff are wonderful and keen to help you. The Theatre Desk is extremely helpful in securing last minute tickets to hot shows, which in our case was the Sound of Music. The Promenade features award winning afternoon tea which we had one afternoon as well as breakfast most mornings. One day we had breakfast in the Grill Room was was a little too formal for our taste. The Bar serves lovely light lunches (we had the day we got there). Alain Ducasse is a gastronomic experience and one of the best meals I have had in my life. The Dorchester Spa is outstanding for massages as well as facials. The location of the hotel is hard to beat and overall just a great experience, no flaws in my opinion and would certainly return.	
May 1 2009 	"Ultimate Luxury"	We stayed at The Dorchester in the easter half term for 2 nights. It was our second visit to the Hotel and just as good. The only draw back to staying here , is that it completely spoils you from staying anywhere else. We have as a family stayed in some beautiful hotels all over the world, but The Dorchester in our opinion is the best and most luxurious. It has a perfect position at Hyde Park Corner, which allows you to be out of the hussel and bussel , but within walking distance to most of the attractions. The hotel itself is beautiful, very classy and luxurious. The bedrooms are sumptuious with almost every amenity( no tea or coffee making facilities though). From the crisp white bedlinen, to the gorgeous marble bathrooms with floris toiletries ,it is literally a dream to stay here. On this, our second visit, there was a complimentry bottle of champagne in our room on arrival, and handmade chocolates and gifts for the children, the Dorchester certainly go out of their way to make you feel special . We had booked a show for our first night stay, so after a long soak in the deepest bath ever, we ordered room service and had a lovely meal brought to the room. The room service menu is quite substanial with lots to choose from and actually not as expensive as you would think, considering your in London. You can get quite a good deal from their website, they do lots of spring and summer offers and xmas specials, which can make it affordable to stay there. The restaurants in the hotel seem very good also. Weve eaten in the grill room and had afternoon tea in the promenard but havent tried the alan ducasse restaurant. Also as well, the spa has undergone a refurbishment and wasnt in use until may, so could not use the spa and pool which was a bit disappointing but hey i bet it will be superb when its done. I defy anyone not to like The Dorchester, its one of the most famous , luxurious hotels in the world, whats not to like...........!	
Apr 12 2009 	A Palace and great value too!	There are 2 brilliant hotels at the top of the London market and this is one of them.It is a favourite of film stars.I amnot one but always receive the genuinely warm welcome that one expects at a hotel but rarely receives.There is not a bad bedroom here.All are a decent size with crisp bed linen and superb bathrooms overloaded with Floris toiletries and fluffy towels.The staff are kind to all,particularly children.Room rates are fair and not as high as one might expect! The set lunch in the Ducasse restaurant is the best and best value in London today.See my recent review on Tripadvisor.The manager here used to run the other perfect hotel,Claridges.It shows.	
Apr 10 2009 	great place top for service	stayed here 20 dec very nice hotel we usually stay at the savoy in riverside suite but as it was a little tired its now closed for major refurb. the dorchester roomsEXECUTIVE DELUXE DOUBLE quite large and very nice decorated nice touch was a tea on silver tray on arrival the service in this hotel was totally spot on. the bars very nice. we eat at rodes24 in a private dinning suite which was not up to the great standard you would expect. my advice would be go to china tang or if you can eat at the krug room if you cross the road the at the top of the hilton galvin at windows the food here was first class book a window table in advance in a nut shell this hotel is one of the best in london we will return and a big thanks to the management and staff totally A1	
Apr 10 2009 	the staff worried me...	we paid over £300 for a night at the dorchester, the hotel is amazing you feel very special.The staff were most polite on the front desk and altho we were early found us a room already at no extra cost. The hotel is luxuary in every way form marble bathrooms to £80 bath robes ( take the free slippers instead!) however i went shopping in selfridges and purchased items one of which was a handbag, not being able to wait i unwrapped my bag and left the cloth bag along with tissue paper in the large selfridges bag and placed it with all my other shopping in the corner of the room and went to the 99 comedy club. when i returned some later hours i went to put my new bag away and the selfridges bag along with cloth bag and tissue paper had gone,i rung house keeping who were sent bin diving to find it but didnt understand i wanted the cloth bag they kept comming up with selfridges bags. In the end it all got silly and we said not to bother as at this point we had found out staff were trawling through bins. The dorchester didnt seem fussed and explained it was all rubbish i kept explaining it wasnt and this made me angry that they had gone through my shopping and thrown items away. If it had of been rubbish i would have put it by the bins but the fact it was with all my other shopping i would've thought i made it clear it wasnt rubbish?upon my return home i was sent a letter stating they had taken the liberty of charging the mini bar to my card furious that i had not had anything from the mini bar i contacted the manager who i the end refunded me.Now what bothers me are the staff , if my items were thrown out and then i am charged for a mini bar i did not use items such as champange! i really do wonder about the house keeping!The hotel was wonderful and yes i would recommend it but at the same time i would say put your belongings away and ask for the mini bar to be emptied on arrival if you have no plans to use it.	
Apr 6 2009 	The Dorchester made my anniversary super special	We had a wonderful one night stay at The Dorchester last weekend. My husband had booked it as a surprise for our anniversary and we were upgraded on arrival, which was nice. In our room there was complimentary champagne and chocolate-dipped strawberries, along with a card wishing us a Happy Anniversary from the manager. We left the freebies and went down to have afternoon tea, which my husband had booked. The service was excellent, and just before we left we were presented with a lovely cake, again wishing us a Happy Anniversary. A bonus for us was spotting Russell Crowe striding through the hotel lobby! We have stayed at The Dorchester before (we got married there) and have always found the bedrooms spacious (for London) and well equipped. The best thing about The Dorchester is the baths! They are wonderfully deep and the water pressure means they fill very quickly.Making use of the information that the hotel gives you we took a running route map with us on a jog around Hyde Park the next morning, which was fun. We followed this up with a hearty breakfast in The Promenade. In addition to the full English they also do a health breakfast which is absolutely great…the carrot muffins are really, really good.Another wonderful stay at The Dorchester, where we were spoilt rotten in spite of being mere proles staying in the cheapest room available.	
Apr 6 2009 	Simply Stunning	There is no other way to describe our 7 nights at the Dorchester, but &quot;simply stunning&quot;.We recieved a phone call a week prior to departure from Melbourne Australia confirming our booking- that I had made on line. When making the booking I had mentioned in the e-mail that my partner was celebrating his 60th birthday and they rang to ask his name, so we discovered later they could wish him a happy birthday, everything about the Dorchester was 5 star.On arrival we were upgraded to a beautful room with large sitting area and huge marble bathroom. Champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries were waiting for the the two of us with a hand written happy birthday card for my partner, from the Hotel's General Manager.A valet was sent to unpack our luggage immediately.We had room service twice for dinner over the 7 night stay and the standard was way above the normal room service dinner offering of most 5 star hotels.The Dorchester makes everything appear seamless. No matter what time of day you left your room it was always made up on your return. Even if you only went downstairs for a drink- the staff knew and the bathroom was refreshed etc etc.Evening turndown service was excellent and the location in the middle of everything as walking is so easy and pleasurable around Mayfair.I have stayed in many other hotels in London in the Mayfair area and while the Dorchester is without doubt the most expensive, it is worth every cent.Every member of the Dorchester team should be congratulated for not only what they deliver but the way the deliver it.We cannot wait to return to the Simply Stunning Dorchester.	
Mar 29 2009	Amazing Amazing Amazing.	As a treat for my daughter's birthday we recently went to the Dorchester for Afternoon tea. From the moment we arrived the staff made us feel so welcome and with smiles and hellos from everyone. We were quickly shown to our table, The Promenade, where afternoon tea is served is sumptuously decorated and I sat on a beautiful sofa with plumped cushions and my daughter in an oversized extremely comfortable armchair. The staff were courteous, prompt, and efficient and yet everything felt relaxed, the piano player in the middle of the room played easy on the ear numbers, just at the right level so you could carry on a conversation with ease. The food was great, I loved the selection of sandwiches, which the waiter came and offered more of and as much of them as we liked, the scones were melt in the mouth with the best jam ever and of course the delicious clotted cream to go with them. The pastries were a delight on the palate and the waiter, as with all the food explained what each one was and what was in them. I joked with one waiter if he had tried all the cakes himself to the reply of &quot;yes I admit I tried them all&quot; but, he, like me loved the scones best though my daughter adored the cakes, actually it was hard to decide. A well known personality passed by at one stage, but at the Dorchester everyone is made to feel special so it was no big deal. The best was yet to come for as I mentioned it was my daughter's birthday and one of the waiters came out with a gorgeous chocolate cake complete with candle and the piano player played Happy Birthday. Of course we had to have some, it was amazing and what was left they put in a box for us. There is a time limit on your stay however this was never an issue as we were never hurried and and at all times were made to feel totally relaxed. I cant wait to go back again it was the best afternoon tea experience ever.	
Mar 28 2009 	Lived up to its name!	Having stayed and was impressed by its sister hotel in Milan, I had made a two nights reservation at The Dorchester months ahead. Enjoyed special weekend rates (265 pounds) for a Deluxe room with full English breakfasts included. Upon arrival, we were shown to a &quot;&quot;suite-like&quot;&quot; room, which I learnt later was a small upgrade to their Executive room, about 50 pounds extra a night. What a gesture, I thought! The room, number 709, was located at the corner of the building, rather large but not overly so - walk in area leads to separated small closet area, bathroom (very deep tub indeed!) and a door leading to the bedroom. The bedroom is quite spacious, with a lovely four poster bed - very romantic indeed. There was a sofa chair in the room, with work desk, make up table and mirror. I had asked for a Hyde Park view room earlier, but wasn't too impressed with the view when I actually saw it ... lots of greenery but with no flowers in sight, slightly disappointed. The hotel is facing a busy road, so there was some road noise during the day. At night, it was rather quiet for a good nights sleep though. Common areas though very classy and elegant, surprisingly, is not overly large. It basically contains two restaurants, The Promenade and The Grill.Breakfasts at The Promenade was both yummy and high quality. 3 course set lunch at The Grill was rather good value and tasty. However, I had food poisoning a few hours after eating my medium cooked ''Wild Salmon&quot; - do be careful if ordering this dish.. ...My husband's roast beef was pretty good, though. Overall, our two nights stay here was as wonderful and memorable as it could be. However, these are some areas the Hotel could improve upon -1. there was no iron and ironing board in the room2. no coffee or tea making facility in the room3. the Queen sized bed was a tad small 4. location to the neartest tube station was a 10-12 minutes walk (not the hotel's fault) 5. slightly noisy during the day, even when room was on the 7th floorThis famous hotel is located in the classy Mayfair residential district, where you could see some Bently, Mercedes S-class, Rolls Royce etc. However, to get to some shopping or some eating, you would have to walk at least 8-10 minutes. Staff are all well trained and polite. Book this hotel and you won't regret staying here!	
Mar 26 2009 	Excellent hotel	This was my first time at the Dorchester and hope to visit again. The location is excellent right across from Hyde Park and a short walk to the Hyde Park Circle Tube stop. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Had breakfast in the lounge and ordered room service, both of which were prompt and yummy! Large rooms with wonderful bathrooms. Just an overall excellent hotel.	
Mar 23 2009 	Classic 	If you are used to staying at 5 star hotels in the US this is going to be a little different in that its not new and huge. Rather it has a classic feel to it. Its an older hotel. The service is very good and the tea lounge is fantastic. The rooms felt average, but a good size. Again this is probably because I'm used to newer plush hotel rooms. But the bathroom was superb. Huge tub, towel warmers, marble, etc. The hotel location was pretty good in that it was central, but you need a cab to get to something. Unlike the Ritz or the Mandarin which are across the street from lots of shopping opportunities. There is also an excellent but pricey French restaurant in this hotel.	
Mar 16 2009 	Didn't live up to expectation	Having stayed once before was looking forward to a three night stay in a junior suite, booked direct with hotel.Helpful, courteous pick up at airport from an early morning flight. Was informed at check in that the room type we had booked was not yet ready, hardly surprising as it was still only 0800. We were offered a &quot;very nice superior room&quot; as being available immediately. having slept adequately in overnight first on TG and being keen to get out and explore we were happy to wait for the junior suite to become ready later in the day. I wasn't given any other information on the room we were being offered to know whether to accept it or not and was concerned not to end up paying for a basic room when i had booked a &quot;junior suite&quot;.What a mistake! The &quot;suite&quot; was adjacent to intrusive AC compressors, and was best described as low ceilinged council house 1980s chic overlooking more of the same - think Peabody trust without the altrusitic pricing structure. Lots of swaggy curtains, yet nowhere to unpack a suitcase and a Holiday Inn style bathroom with a marble tiled makeover. Except the shower screen din't fit and meant the bathroom floor was drenched whenever one showered.Despite assurances that our luggage would be in the room when we returned at 2.30 pm, it wasn't. The receptionist who escorted us to the room assured me he would arrange for it immediately once the oversight was realised. I imagine he forgot. 20 minutes later I called the bell desk, the luggage arrived about 10 minutes later.We decided to freshen up before dinner with a steam to sweat out 11 hours of flying. The spa / steam room was closed for renovation. I was starting to get a bit tetchy by this stage, but the concierge was helpful and arranged for us to use the steam room at the Park Lane Hilton. That, followed by a pint in Shepherds Market, made me realise that there were numerous alternative hotels that would work for us and offering better value too. On our return I informed the receptionist that we planned to check out early. She helpfully informed me that we had already been given a room upgrade and that there was nothing to be done. I'd hoped for service - not freebie upgrades. Shame.We returned to the room just after 8pm. It hadn't been made up. I called the Duty Manager, more to vent frustration at the P--- poor service and VFM that the Dorchester was peddling. To his credit he seemed concerned and to want to make a difference. He asked what he could do to make amends. Having irretrievably lost faith in the Dorchester's ability to deliver service or value it might have helped more if he could have suggested something himself. In my jetlagged state I could only suggest he made sure our revised check out date was noted by reception so that I could move to a hotel that &quot;did what it says on the tin&quot;.A bill of around 800 pounds for an overnight stay was presented in the morning. We moved to the Park Lane Sheraton, which promises rather less but delivered substantially more - at half the price.The positives? Breakfast is pretty good. Should be at 35 pounds or so, but I don't begrudge paying for quality. Sadly, the rest of our Dorchester &quot;experience&quot; fell shamefully short.	
Mar 2 2009 	Wonderful hotel with great service	My daughter and I spent 2 nights at the hotel with her friend to celebrate my daughter's birthday. Our room was ready when we checked in at 1030am which was a nice surprise. The room was beautiful and there was more than enough room for the 3 of us. When we got back from our day out there was a huge dessert tray with a small birthday cake for my daughter. The girls loved it to say the least. The staff is extremely accomodating and look to make sure you are comfortable and have everything you need. My only complaint would be that they charge you renting a DVD player whereas other hotels in this class all have DVD players in the rooms and they are complimentary. While the hotel is not the cheapest in London, the service, location and rooms are fantastic. We would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great staff professional staff	We stayed at the Dorchester for a Wedding at the end of December and can say that the standards of the hotel lived up to expectation. It isn't cheap but you are in a central London hotel and can get some good deals. The rooms were well decorated and spacious with a large bathroom. All staff were very profssional and courteous and couldnt do enough to help. The only slight disappointment was the very poor service at breakfast but staff were very apologetic and removed service charge from the bill.	
Feb 20 2009 	Fantastic totally wonderful	stayed for one night, had booked one one room but staff said would be more comfortable with an adjoining room for kids so offered one complimentary!! The staff cannot help enough they are so friendly. We had breakfast in our room and it arrived boiling hot perfectly cooked even the boiled eggs were just right. We ate at the chinese restaurant on site Tangs and had the most amazing meal ever. The staff there were just as wonderful. The hotel is truly fantastic and we are booking again for a few nights at Easter. If you want fantastic service then this is the hotel for you.	
Feb 13 2009 	Reliable quality	I have stayed at The Dorchester several times now on business. Whilst expensive there are some excellent rates to be obtained on the hotel website. This time I had a Park View room which was worth the extra. Quality and service is on a level rarely seen in London and all the staff always go out of their way to ensure you are happy. My only niggle is the price of any extras.....a late night room -service supper cost almost £70, if I had put on a movie it would have cost £13 and as for the mini-bar....I would have needed to take out a loan. So avoid the extras but enjoy the best hotel in London.	
Nov 30 2008 	Fantastic week-end at The Dorchester	My wife and I booked into The Dorchester to celebrate our anniversary and my birthday. We told the staff and were upgraded to a superior suite. While at the hotel we ate at the Alain Ducasse restaurant on the ground floor. All the staff, the room, the attention to detail and the hotel atmosphere were truly fantastic. Nothing could be faulted - we had champagne in the room, a surprise birthday cake, rose petals on the bed and a view over Hyde park. The staff greeted us by name, we were escorted to our room by the on-duty manager and the food in the Alain Ducasse restaurant beat some I have had in Michelin-starred restaurants in France. We paid a lot for the experience, but would not hesitate to go to this hotel again, for a celebration or for a relaxing week-end retreat. I give it 6 stars!	
Nov 25 2008 	A solid 5-star experience	The Dorchester hotel is a true 5-star property. I prebooked an airport transportation to the hotel which was worth the money (£145). Room wasn't ready (10 am) so I was offered a complimentary breakfast. It seems that the hotel is very busy from 10am 'tll 2 pm so it took quite time before my luggages arrived in my room (I had to call the front desk). Room was nice and clean in the 8th floor of the hotel.Service in general is very attentive. I really enjoyed the bar where the service was fabulous. I disliked the breakfast where the service was a bit slow. I personally prefer buffet breakfasts instead of the ones ordered from the menus.Although I enjoyed staying at the Dorchester I may try some other hotel next time.	
Nov 13 2008 	Mad Hatter's Tea Party	Afternoon tea at this outstanding hotel was the highlight of our 30th anniversery celebrations. Luxurious but not pretentious, the service could not have been better and all the staff excellent. Everything was personal and the food outstanding!Considering what we got staying at The Russell, for very little less cost but torn wallpaper, very basic accomodation and indifferent service, we now rate The Dorchester as an excellent experience and true value for money. It is a time capsule of old fashioned courtesy and service in outstanding surroundings.	
Nov 9 2008	Luxury with a capital L	Booked room direct with hotel, no problems encountered on arrival greeted and shown to upgraded room which was outstanding, however my daughter was in an executive suite and we would have preferred her large bathroom, but our room was more individual.Staff were pleasant and helpful at all times, breakfast yummy try the white pudding delicious on the whole we would definately stay again	
Nov 6 2008 	A great surprise	We normally stay at The Berkeley however it was full so decided to try here. We found: rooms great, gym - dark but contained above average equipment, location good and the bar well worth a visit.A few niggles: Internet difficult to use, VERY expensive even by London standards for anything purchased in the hotel. We ate at the Scottish themed restaurant [can't remember the name] the food was VERY VERY expensive and awful.	
Nov 4 2008 	gorgeous hotel but lacks in service !	stayed at the dorchester on 31st october for 2 nights with my husband and 2 yr old daughter and i will make it brief.The room was gorgeous really classy and old style decorated but super massive marble bathrooms, with excellent floris toiletries, although we had a few niggles with the room the sound system didnt work very well and was too loud so you also couldnt turn it down so you had to leave it switched off, so told the front desk a few times and it took them 3 hrs before anyone appered to fix it, although they didnt they just switched the speakers off so we only had sound from the tv and not the sound in the bathroom and our lobby?the promenade is lovely and spotless with loads of staff but very slow in parts and it sometimes was very hard to get a table here as lots of people not booked into the hotel would while there afternoons here at the promenade which was a problem for us as if we wanted a drink to celebrate our 10yrs wedding anniversary we had to try for a table here as our daughter wasnt allowed in the bar. Also at breakfast although very nice was slow and had to ask about 4-5 people and wait around 20 mins before we would get a highchair?During our stay here our daughter hurt her arm and was screaming in pain with it but they said they couldnt help so i had to get a taxi there and back to a chemist somewhere in london on saturady night just to get calpol childrens paracetamol they said they couldnt get this for me? overall the hotel is good but the service is not great at all, well not 5 stars anyway andit is also a little impersonal i think if they can sort out some of the niggles then they would truly be deserving of there 5 stars but when you pay 300 pounds + a night you expect a lot more than this. I would try somewhere else next time, and having stayed at the chesterfield and the milestone these hotels were far better in service standards so the dorchester could learn from these hotels!!!	
Nov 3 2008 	Tranquility and Luxury in London	We stayed at the Dorchester for a short break, this is not a cheap hotel but you get what you pay for! The art of a good hotel is making you feel comfortable and special and the hotel managed this beautifully. This hotel is a real taste of tranquillity within the hustle and bustle of London. The location to Hyde Park was great and we walked to Kensington without any problems. We were impressed by the décor and the comfort and found our room (king deluxe) to be large and elegant, yet comfortable. We ate in the restaurant one night and although this is not the price we would normally pay we felt that we had a very special and memorable meal. (Vegetarians were well catered for!) Breakfast was unhurried and you would be hard pushed to not find something on the menu to suit your taste buds!My only comment would be that the rooms needed tea and coffee making facilities, (£16 for two teas seemed quite steep to us!) but if that is the only negative who’s complaining!Overall this was fabulous experience, a real taste of the deluxe end of the market and well worth the money for a special occasion.	
Oct 23 2008 	First Class Luxury Hotel!	I stayed in the Dorchester with my husband Saturday just gone for 2nights. We had a wonderful stay. I booked about 5days in adavance on the website, got a great deal for £529 in a Superior double room. Its the lowest grade room they do, but you wouldn't think it! It was amazingly comfortable. Classic English beauty, a gorgeous bathroom with the most luxurious deep bath! :)When we checked in, we were told we had a complimetary upgrade as we were celebrating a birthday, but was soon told there had been a mistake...We wasn't too fussed. Our room wasnt ready so they offered us drinks in the bar.When we arrived in our room there was complimentary champagne on ice, chocolate covered strawberries and a lovely choc birthday cake which was all lovely.I really cnt fault anything about this hotel, we wil definatley be returning. I wouln't reccomend it to anyone on budget though...2hours in th bar with about 6drinks 3of which non-alcoholic and a club sandwich came to about £166....Second night we had dinner in the promenade, which was wonderful. Fairly priced too £75 for 2meals, 1 desert and 4soft drinks.Service is second to none, especially the room service breakfast. Cooked to perfection and enough to feed a small army!Will definatley be returning this year and cant wait! A true Gem of London.	
Oct 15 2008 	Treated like royalty	My husband and i stayed at The Dorchester for 1 night. We booked a deluxe room which was a large size room with a wonderful bathroom.It was our anniversary upon arrival we were shown to our room and within 10 minutes of us being there we were suprised with chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne, what a lovely touch.Everywhere we went in the hotel we were greeted by name and wished a happy anniversary.I would recommend this hotel without a moments hesitation as it is in a great location, has excellent breakfast which we had in our room and is well appointed.	
Sep 28 2008 	loved The Dorchester	We have been in London several times this year and stayed in quite a few really good hotels, but, I think The Dorchester wins top prize for that extra special stay. We have only just returned today and already I have been on their website to check availability for our next stay. We were celebrating a 50th birthday and on check in found that our room had been upgraded to an executive suite. I mentioned when booking that it was for a birthday present, can you imagine the surprise when we also received a birthday cake and a card from the hotel. I don't think anything could have been any better. The staff were fantastic, really helpful. I think you know from the minute you arrive outside the front of the hotel that you're going somewhere special.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great English Hotel - Not so Great English Breakfast	Chose the Dorchester for an overnight stay in London after lunch at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant in Claridges because we love the feel of the established London hotels. The hotel itself is lovely, room was great, fantastic bathroom etc..My only issue is with the breakfast. We were booked on a B&amp;B rate but if I had paid the menu price of £29.50 for the English breakfast I would have refused to settle the bill (when I was checking out I heard someone making the same point to the receptionist). The food was cold, the sausage was like something from the local cafe, and the eggs were overdone. My wife's scrambled eggs were like rubber. We normally would have stayed at Claridges but fancied a change - please visit there to see how breakfast should be made and presented. What a shame Dorchester - we will not return and will not recommend you to friends.	
Sep 22 2008 	Classical Charm with a Modern Twist	We have just returned from a short break in London having stayed at The Dorchester as part of a 20th Wedding Anniversary treat. All I can say is this that it was worth every penny spent. The hotel is amazing and not pretentious in anyway, as it could quite easily be.A great asset to the hotel is their staff who help to create a wonderful relaxed atmosphere. They were all extremely welcoming, from the doorman to the maids, nothing was too much trouble and everyone spoke to you. All I can say is that it my visit way surpassed my expectations and I am already saving up for my next visit. The hotel has recently be refurbished and has been done very sympathetically especially the Promenade which is a lovely area to take tea/breakfast etc. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Not the cheapest but if you want to a mix of relaxed seer luxury then this is an absolute must. I am pleased we chose this over the Ritz however I have warned my husband that it would be good to compare them at some point!	
Sep 9 2008	You get what you pay for	Given the minimum amount of time and wanting the maximum refreshing break, I booked my wife and I into the Dorchester for a weekend. We'd had drinks and eaten at the hotel before, so were looking forward to staying overnight. Quality of staff is pretty much everything at a premium hotel, and the friendliness of everyone, from the doorman to the maitre'd was very welcoming. No pretension here.The room was very comfortable, though it lacked a view, facing on to the inner courtyard. The bed, and partiuclarly the pillows, were excellent. Breakfast in the morning was a real treat of just about anything you could wish for, though a better choice of fish may have suited others better.To while away an evening in the Promenade listening to the live trio, sipping a few glasses of wine, is one of the treats in life. The Dorchester does exaclty what a five star hotel should do - it indulges and provides an escape from the stresses of modern life. That it does so with a complete lack of pretension makes it close to perfect.One word of advice - the spa is tired and not particuarly well equipped, though I understand a refurbishment is coming soon.Overall I would throughly recommend the hotel	
Sep 4 2008 	Classic full 5-star experience	A true 5-star experience but in the classic mode. May feel a bit too 'old world' for a more contempory/younger traveller (i.e., Mr and Mrs Hip Hotels). Remains a benchmark for the lover of classic hotels/older traveller.Great location, very high standard of fit-out (this is not an aging 5-star like several other London properties), classic style (heavily carpetted, velvet wallpaper, white marble bathrooms etc.).Lovely luxury gound floor lounge (lot of money changing hands and walking around this area !). Donetalla Versache passed me one day and Celiene Dion the next. Bar is a bit small.Contains series of amazing restaurants including China Tang (one of the best chinese restaurants in London).Brilliant service - one of the best concierage desks in London (got me straight into the Woolsley on a busy Friday night).You may not love it but you will never hate it !	
Aug 31 2008	Avoid at all cost !!	Check in was the worst I have ever experienced,the staff was so arrogant and unpleasant...The hotel is filled with people from the Middle East and Russians, so if you do not fit in this category you are not considered at all and the atmosphere in the lobby is somehow unpleasant..We had booked a deluxe category , the room we were shown was so small and dark that we asked to change and we finally were given a room of a more decent size, the carpet had just been changed so there was a strong smell. We had to call three times housekeeping in order to get an extra duvet, it took just under an hour to have it brought to our room.Next morning breakfast was a disgrace, the scrambled eggs were cold , the service was sloppy.	
Aug 3 2008	Loved it!	Stayed in the Dorchester last month and loved it. Yes its expensive but the hotel is beautiful. Staff were excellent and very friendly. Rooms were very nice and location is great, with nice restaurants in the area. All I can say is I can't wait to return.	
Jun 16 2008	Afternoon Tea at The Dorchester	I took my mother for Afternoon Tea at The Dorchester as a Mother's Day treat. I booked the gift vouchers online at The Dorchester's own website and they arrived the following day.Their service was first class and you can email them with any queries and in my experience they replied very quickly.The Afternoon Tea itself comprised of a selection of Teas or Coffees, followed by sandwichs - egg, smoked salmon, chicken, ham and mustard. They are only small but they bring second round along and always offer you more of everything throughout the afternoon. That was followed by a passion fruit and cream dessert which was lovely. Next came the scones - 2 each (again, they offer you more) with clotted cream and a selection of homemade jam. Finally there was a selection of continental pastries/cakes which were also very good - although perhaps i would have prefered them to be more traditional 'english' cakes, but that's just a personal preference. The cakes we had were still of the highest quality.I would like to make a point of complimenting the staff, from those on reception to the waiters who served us. All were completely charming and made us feel at ease in the luxurious surroundings. My worst fear was that the hotel would be pretentious, but the people were lovely and it was very relaxing. We arrived at 2.30pm and stayed for almost 2 hours, at no point do the staff rush you to leave.I would highly recommend The Dorchester for anyone wishing to take Afternoon Tea at one of the top hotels.	
May 26 2008 	Love The Dorchester	The Dorchester is not hip or cool or stylish. It's old fashioned all the way &amp; yet it's wonderful. We had one night there on the 25 May for a treat. It's our second visit. We'd booked a junior suite &amp; were upgraded to a suite which was large &amp; decorated in the elaborate english floral fabric style which works well in this setting.The housekeeping is impeccable &amp; generous. The products in the bathroom are great.The bed was comfortable. The sound proofing worked very well.The staff were without exception lovely &amp; warm. There was no hovering for tips &amp; in one instance a tip was actually refused !We ate a light dinner in The Promenade &amp; again it's old fashioned a bit like a hollywood movie with a pianist playing dated songs &amp; singing in a passable voice. But for all that we had a nice meal - it was very comfortable &amp; the food was fresh &amp; plentiful &amp; very tasty &amp; the staff were helpful without being intrusive.We had a lovely stay.	
May 12 2008	Beautiful place but letchy tip-hogging staff and stiff clientele	Upon spending £300 for a night here, I was expecting a wonderfully relaxing stay.I knew that wasn't going to happen when a letchy check-in boy from eastern europe showed us to our room and showed us a bedroom, a bathroom and er, is there anything else sir? Urr, no, why, should there be? Okay, it's a bedroom and er, yes, so it is, it's a bathroom.Of course, he was hanging around like a bad smell for his ahem, tip and he wasn't half brazen about it.The tip culture really ruined this hotel for me and my wife. It was really in your face and blatent. You couldn't break wind without someone hinting heavily for a tip.The porter came to take our bags and pointed loudely to the number of bags, repeating the number of bags that were on his trolley. I wouldn't mind but I put most of them on his trolley in the first place!To get out of the hotel cost me £30 in tips! £10 for the porter, £10 for the maids (who I insist on tipping because they do all the work and get the least credit whilst the mini-bar letchers are rolling in it), and £10 for the guy who got my car (the car parking having cost me £50 for parking there for about 12 hours!).We went to the restaurant early because we had a baby with us. That was fine until the stuffy clientele made us feel like we were sat there with two heads. The helpful manager having sat us down in the corner and then despite a large empty restaurant, put a romancing couple directly next to us.The food was from the chinese place, tiger something maybe? Food was at best, below average and the atmosphere very stuffy. Wouldn't recommend it.I would love this place if it were more child friendly, staff who are friendly because they're actually pleasant people rather than fighting to please you for a big tip (most of whom looked scared to loosen up a bit in case of &quot;the frown&quot;.My best advice would be stay here, enjoy it and don't give them letches tips.	
May 4 2008 	The BEST!	The staff and service here are first class all the way. The rooms are very luxurious. My room overlooked the park. Great location for easy walking if you want. We were treated like royalty. In fact, royalty was actually there at the time. Pricey, but if you can afford it, you can't do much better in London.	
Apr 26 2008	If you think the Dorchester if poor...........	Service in hotels is not what is used to be anywhere in the world.I have stayed at many of the best over the years, and consider the Dorchester up there among the World Class leaders with its World Class prices!!!If you want to visit a poorly run 5* hotel, then walk five hundred meters down Park Lane to the Hilton Flagship! It gives new meaning to the word POORLY RUN!!!!Why oh why are London Hotels so damned expensive...... Rip Off Britain.	
Apr 20 2008 	Failed Completely to Live Up to its Reputation	What could go wrong did go wrong during our recent stay at The Dorchester. And a previous guest, I can say without qualitifcation that the hotel is not even close to what it used to be. Starting with our arrival at the hotel on foot, the doorman did not even offer to help us with our bags but, rather, pointed to the door adjacent to the revolving door through which we pulled our own bags.Once in, there was a protracted wait at check in, and then when I produced the confirmation number for the Hyde Park view 39 sq. metre room I had booked through my travel agent, I was told abruptly that there had been a mistake, that the rate I was quoted was only for a Mayfair rooftoop room of smaller dimensions. I insisted on the room we reserved and a manager was called, who said we could have it but only if we agreed to pay 65 GPB ($130) more each night. Only when I produced the written confirmation for the room at the rate I was promised, did the manager ungraciously relent, and agree to the agreed-upon rate.Then, through a comedy of errors, the mini-bar inspector woke us from our jet lag nap, and the piercing fire alarms sounded during a test that concluded our rest. The phones all failed to work for a number of hours, for which the front desk barely apologized.Housekeeping twice forgot to provide turn-down service, and room service took a full 40 minutes for breakfast delivery.Moreover, the charming, art deco ambiance is long gone, replaced by a Hotel Monaco kitschy-looking orange lobby.Once worth the splurge, the Dorchester is one of the poorest values in London where one feels like an imposition rather than a welcome guest.	
Apr 8 2008 	Unexciting Hotel Rooms with Fabulous Afternoon Tea in The Promenade	The Dorchester is famous, one of the Grande Dames of London. Celebrities galore used to stay here, and the hotel has a 5 star rating.The hotel's web site is stunning. The lobby really does look like that.However, in reality, the bedrooms themselves bear little resemblance to the glorious pictures you will see on their website.It is an old-fashioned rabbit warren of a hotel. Long, stuffy hallways are without windows to let in light or air.The rooms were all redone perhaps five years ago. Smoking is allowed in each of them. The front desk manager, Aiden Griffin, claims that housekeeping has machines that bring the air quality up to standard after each guest has checked out.Since I can smell the lingering odor of cigarettes the second I walked into each room, I disagree.Aiden shows me to three different room types.The Stanhope Suite is on the 8th flor, and has no view. It is depressing, and could be found in any corporate hotel in the U.S.The Jr. Suite has no view either, and is done in an art deco style. There is a shower over the tub, rather than a separate shower and tub.The Executive Room has a park view, and is nice, done with a traditional decor.If you are a smoker, and you choose a room with a park view, this hotel may work for you.Now comes the fun part :Afternoon TeaIt is served in the famous Promenade, a high ceilinged room with gilt crown molding on two enormous soffets.The green and gold room is magnificent, recalling times when dressing up was expected.Blue jeans or sneakers would not dare to make an appearance here.A gray-and-white marble floor covered by rugs in the center of the room.Heavily tufted benches with backs and green armchairs beckon invitingly. My back rests against an incredibly comfortable pillow.The room is not noisy, despite being full. Thanks to the good acoustics of abundant use of fabrics throughout, conversations are skillfully muted.The piano player is playing something nice.Orange and gold silk curtains flank gilt mirrors above each of the sofa benches, and add to the lushness.Arrangements of orange tulips, potted palms, and 4 politically incorrect blackamoor women statues bearing fresh flowers or carrying spears accessorize the room.Orange and gold marble pillars with gold trim at the tops define the spaces, which are nicely lit by chandeliers and floor lamps..Wearing a black tailcoat and tie, quite formally dressed, Gavin was my server.3 orange roses in a bud vase on the table are tired looking and need replacing.White Haviland Limoge China &quot;Illusion&quot; by Barbara Barry has silver edging and delicate handles.The Robbe &amp; Berking silver-plated service is lovely.Sugar cubes in a chine pot come with silver tongs.I am offered a choice of tea, and choose jasmine. It is poured through a strainer from a heavily decorated silver pot.One cucumber sandwich on rye with the crusts removed and one smoked salmon sandwich on farmhouse brown bread with the crusts removed are served, both tasteless. More sandwiches are brought around, and I decline.A parfait is brought around, consisting of orange segments with pastry cream and lemon crumbs. It is lightly chilled and overly sweet.Scones are to be next.Strawberry and black currant jam are brought in china bowls on a plate, accompanied by clotted cream.The freshly made plain scone is delicious. Soft and slightly warm, it melts in my mouth, the clotted cream spreading like room temperature butter.The fruit scone studded with raisins is equally delicious.By now, I'm totally stuffed, but Afternoon Tea still has another surprise - a tray of pastries is still there to be tasted.A delicate almond paste with candied grape and powdered sugar, and a dollop of whipped cream in a scallop shape.A chocolate and cream cake.An incredible fruit tart without any glaze. One raspberry, blueberry, blackberry and strawberry on a soft french macaroon.I just want to sit back and bask in the comfort of it all :) This is something to do when you have time to relax and simply savor, unhurried.An indulgent afternoon treat. I don't want to leave...	
Mar 30 2008 	The Dorchester is a Total 5* Experience!	My family of five (3 children ages 8, 10 and 12) just stayed with the Dorchester for 5 nights. We had interconnecting rooms, one with a king for the parents and one room with three twin beds for the kids. The accomodations were beautiful, spacious, clean. We booked through the hotel directly and paid 275 British pounds per night for our stay, due to a wonderful Easter promotion. (Parents stay in one room and the children's room was complimentary!) The bathrooms are huge. It is located on Park between Hyde Park and Marble Hill tube stops. We enjoyed afternoon tea on Easter (quite costly!) We didn't really fit in to the luxurious lobby and Promenade when we would return from sightseeing each day in our sneakers (trainers) and jeans but who cares? I highly recommend this hotel and hope to return one day. Great location!	
Mar 12 2008 	Top stay	The Dorchester,Maybe i have been extremely lucky but when looking for a hotel in London, close to the area where i had to attend a dinner, i came across 'The Dorchester'.Having heard a lot about 'The Dorchester ', they happened to have a promotion in February and could book a single room at £200 (excl taxes, 15%), which for London standards is very, very good price for a hotel with that class.The reception was rather cool, but the good news was that for one or the other reason i got 'an upgrade'. Frankly speaking when booking i thought i would get an overpriced,small, crampy London hotel room but all of a sudden i found myself in a very nice luxury top class room with marble bathroom. During my stay i had nothing to complain and treated myself the next morning with an (overpriced) Englisk breakfast, but all in all a lovery experience.Thanks Dorchester, a stay to remember...	
Feb 18 2008 	I was very very impressed	My friend and I stayed here in January for one night. We got a really good deal of £235 direct from the hotel, so we decided to treat ourselves. We were met at the reception by a really nice lady, it was only 10.30am yet our room was ready for us. She escorted us up to the room, showed us where everything was and was really helpful with our questions.We had complimentary fruit delivered by a nice little man.The beds are sooo comfy!! we stayed in them until the last minute possible the next day - we didnt want to leave.I would say this is one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in, and I've just booked again for March for 2 nights to treat my mum.	
Jan 25 2008 	good hotel	Booked a decent rate for this hotel directly with the hotel website for about £200 for a one night stay not inclusive of breakfast. On arrival first impressions on the recent refurbishment seemed good, the promenade seems to have a freshness to it whilst retaining some of the features it had before. Check in was friendly, but nothing extrodinary. The room itself was better than expected for the price. A hallway leading to the bedroom, which was large and comfortable, and again seemed to have a fresh feel to it. The bathroom was the most exciting feature, with the famous bathtubs. Did decide to go for breakfast, which altough nice, very steep at £30. Check out, again was friendly and efficient, no complaints there really. All in all a very nice hotel, I think the only thing the hotel lacks is service, whilst good, just nothing to run home about. Would I stay here again, only if I can get breakfast included in the rate.	
Jan 21 2008	Deserves it's 5 stars	The Dorchester offers all you would expect but with the bonus of exceptional staff.Our room, although small, was well equipped. The bed was blissfully comfy. Lovely large bathroom (the enormous bath filled in about 2 mins) with a good selection of Floris products. The minibar was well stocked.The public areas are a bit garish for my tastes but well maintained with stunning flower arrangements. Spent an hour in the spa which was disappointing because the mens &amp; womens areas are separate, so no lounging in the jacuzzi with my husband. The spa reception is a lovely place to relax with tea after treatments. I didn't have any treatments but met a lady in the changing rooms who offered good reports.Breafast was good. I got the impression that you could order anything &amp; the staff would try &amp; provide it. Morning coffee in bed arrivred within 5 mins of ordering.What sets this hotel ahead from it's rivals is the staff. From the moment we checked in until departure we found the staff unfailing helful. Not fawning, just friendly. The service cannot be faulted.For central London I don't think you could do much better.PS. if driving I'd use the hotel valet parking. We used the underground car park up Park lane which was dark, damp &amp; seedy. I felt uncomfortable even in daylight.	
Jan 6 2008 	Its still one of the great hotels of the world	We always have a weekend at the Dorchester in January to get over the christmas blues.Once again the Dorchester didn't disappoint. The reception staff were very friendly and we were able to check in early and get in the room. The room as always was stunning, The bathroom is about the size of most hotel rooms. The bath (WOW) ,easily fits 2 and you can fill it so deep its heaven on earth !!!.Everything you would expect from a 5*, linen, decor, top quality TV,We had breakfast sent up to the room, full english cooked to perfection, big plate of pastries, fresh orange juice etc etc all presented on a table wheeled in to the room with fresh flowers (quality)They even gave us a late check out (no charge)If you go out of season this hotel is great value for money £240 per night with breakfast, for the quality of room and the service you get it is great value.Cant wait to go back !!!	
Jan 3 2008 	Great to experience it loved most of it but some parts a little bit lacking	Stayed here after a news years break to Paris, arriving on a later Eurostar service so decided to try the Dorchester. I have alwasy wondered whehter such a renowned hotel would live up to its reputation. Its certainly elegant and pretty and has a definite aura of grandure. If anything lets it down (and perhaps stops it being as good as some of its competitors such as Four Seasons and Mandarin Orinetal for example) it can be the staff. Dont get me wrong the service is good, but all too often just a little bit curt and abrupt and lacking sincerity. I understand that New Years Day, being a bank holiday etc and at the end of what must have been a very busy season for the staff, however when a hotel charges what they charge and i suspect has aspirations of being ranked amongst the best in the world, then it really needs the service to be exceptional. That sounds like im expecting perfection, and im not, just some sincerity. Only main niggle with the public areas of the hotel was that the main bar closed at 12 midnight (no issue with this - we moved to the promenade area). We ordered a drink and 3 minutes later were told that it was going to be last orders there in 10 minutes. Seems a bit odd for such a classical establishment to close all their bars like that. There were still plenty people drinking etc, and no alternative was suggested so i assume that was the only option. The Room was very well appointed. Spacious and comfortable and everything clean and as it should be. Everything worked and the bed was extremely comfortable. TV - Bang and Olefsen, very good sound. The bathroom was marble, and quite spacious, situated along a little hallway. My only gripe with the room was the ceiling in this hallway was a suspended ceiling (and a badly suspended one at that - just not what you expect)Selection from the mini bar and toiletries etc were very good. Yes expensive but these hotels always are. Overall am i gald i tried it - yes. Would i recommend it - yes. Do i feel like i was over charged - No but then again we did get a &quot;January Special Rate&quot; so if i had paid their higher rates i perhaps would feel cheated. If there was one piece of advice i would offer to the hotel it would be this. 95% of everyting you do is great. The staff need to figure out the other 5% and then you will be close to perfection.	
Dec 31 2007 	the best as always	For many years we have regularly stayed at The Dorchester and in our opinion every visit has been faultless. The staff from the front desk make your arrival very special and once checked in escort your to show you to your room, on our last visit we were upgraded to a magnificent suite which was huge.The hotel is always spotless and all the staff are extremley polite and courteous and nothing is a problem The new bar is a really buzzing place and The Promanade is an excellent place for lunch or dinner.Well done to all the staff at The Dorchester you have made it one of the finest hotels in the world	
Dec 19 2007 	minor moans	we booked the hotel direct by telephone and agreed a rate for 3 nights in a junior suite for a birthday weekend. on arrival we were upgraded to a fantastic park suite and given a bottle of champagne and a birthday cake, what a brilliant start!!!its difficult to moan when you have been given a free upgrade but here we go ;-no mineral water in rooms unless you get it from the minibar and the tapwater is not healthy.no cotton buds in bathroombreakfasts meagre and although included in price the 12.5% gratuity isnt!!!£6.50 plus 12.5% for a bottle of beer in the barthe hotel service is generally good and friendly, very good housekeeping staff and informative reception / concierge etc.id rate this hotel better than the mandarin oriental and i will probably return due to the good location , general aura and atmosphere the dorchester has.	
Nov 26 2007 	Prepare to be a little disapointed!	My daughter and I have just returned from a weekend at The Dorchester and I cannot pretend it was anything but a bit of a disappointment. The hotel lobby is lovely and the staff were extremely nice and very helpful. Our room itself was what you would expect in a 5 star hotel, good bed, quality linens and furniture etc. But that was really where it ended. They brought the wrong luggage to our room which is unforgivable in such an exclusive hotel. But it was sorted. In such an expensive hotel complimentary mineral water really should always be available in the room, especially for those people who have arrived after a long flight but no, not even the ubiquitus chocolates at turndown. We returned late from the theatre on Saturday night and decided to have room service. We tried the number a couple of times before we could get a reply.The food came quite quickly and was OK nothing special, no marks for presentation but it tasted good as we were hungry. The following morning we looked forward to breakfast in the dining room (and at £28 each we expected something special). Sad to say it was very poor. We ordered the English Breakfast which consists of ONE small glass of juice, tea or coffee, cold toast no butter. We ordered poached eggs with bacon and sausage. sadly it was cold and very overcooked, although at the time you try to make the best of it, in truth it was very poor. They never offered us any more coffee or juice or inquired if we had enjoyed our food even though the food was only half eaten. I looked at the stains on the table cloth and no matter how hard I tried to ignore the many faults I had to admit to myself I wouldn't stay here or recommend this hotel to anyone. Go for a smaller hotel like Dukes or the Draycott where attention to detail is just beautiful and they make you feel very special. We paid our bill which of course was incorrect with a £50.00 charge for parking, strange as we had arrived by train and taxi. Needless to say quite a few people were questioning their bills, not suprising as when we checked in a man next to us was asking the receptionist can it be true that 4 bottles of house wine on his bill came to £208.00? &quot;I'm afraid so sir &quot; came the reply. Which leaves me only to say you don't always get what you pay for or what you deserve!	
Nov 22 2007 	Lovely!	We stayed at the Dorchester for 3 nights with our 2 kids. The accomodations &amp; staff were top notch. The traditional English Staff was professional, but also warm &amp; helpful. The morning breakfast was great. We loved the Dorchester-really gave our kids a taste of Englishcharm.	
Nov 16 2007 	Treated like royalty!	We spent 3 days at the Dorchester and loved it. The place oozes luxury and you definitely see where your money goes. The staff is extremely courteous. Our executive deluxe room was spacious and elegant. The bathroom was spectacular, with very high-end towels and amenties. The bed was super-comfy.Room service was terriffic for breakfast, The piano bar is a nice spot for drinks. The place is a celebrity magnet, apparently. Tom Cruise and the King of Saudi Arabia were ther, but we were most excited about sharing an elevator with Dustin Hoffman and his wife and pretending not to recognize them.Highly recommended.	
Oct 26 2007	A favourite hotel for plush acoomodations and good service	I have stayed three times over the past 2 years at The Dorchester. This is one of the best, value-for-money, hotel in London. The rooms are huge, especially the Deluxe and Executive rooms and most afford really nice views of Hyde Park. The in-room amenities are great even if their DVD-TV-Radio flat screen system is a tad capricious and often needs to be rebooted by the technical staff. Tea, breakfast and room service are just wonderful even if prices are steep. Would definitely return in a heartbeat.Try it and you will not bve disappointed.	
Oct 10 2007 	Sub Par Hotel	The Dorchester is a nice hotel but that is about it. It is by no means a deluxe hotel. The hotel lacked any kind of movie PPV system, which seemed odd to me considering it is supposed to be a luxurious, full service hotel. The rooms are decorated in a terrible old Englishstyle and need to be gutted and renovated. I really don't need a tassled headboard that surly hasn't been cleaned since it's installation. The halls smelled musty, probably because of the heavy old English style of decor..(The Four Seasons is only now renovating their hotel. When it is completed, it will be the best hotel in London.)The service is abyssmal. The &quot;famous&quot; afternoon tea service was impossible to attend. I had just arrived in London and decided that I would like to have a nice afternoon tea. I approached the counter where two women eyed me suspiciously. When I told them I would like to sit down for tea, they informed that if I didn't have a reservation I couldn't have a table since they were full. I looked across the tea room to find not a SINGLE table was occupied. When I mentioned this to the two women, they again informed me that I neededa reservation! When I complained to the Concierge they simplyshrugged and did nothing. I find it impossible that I stay in a hotel(in a suite no less) and they can't get me a table at tea! You would think they would hold a table or two for their own guests.I didn't like the place and the train station of a lobby does not make someone feel at home. It is only a good hotel for people who want to see and be seen, not for people looking for a 5 start experience.	
Oct 6 2007 	Skip The Dorch unless you are a movie/rock star.	I arrived and was checked into The Dorchester with great service. Everything AFTER that was poor. When I put a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out, I was surprised to see an employee knocking on the door. That would never happen elsewhere. Then the front desk called my room and hung up at night. I called back and they knew nothing of what I was saying. When I explained the phone said where the call was from and that I was not making this up, they were flippant. When my breakfast was delivered to my room on the second day of a four day stay he actually had the guts to call me out and complain that I didn't answer the door when he knocked. I then explained I had the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out because I took and bath and needed a nap after the long flight and no sleep. All of which I had already explained to the front desk.I had to leave very early in the morning so I left a comment card at the front desk, which I doubt made it to the General Manager. So I wrote a letter, not an email but an actual letter.The other thing that bothered me was the staff kept referring to me as Mr. &amp; Mrs. When I made my reservations I filled out as Ms. I had to remind them time and time again I am not a Mrs. or a Mr. for that fact. I am a single female traveler. I think the only way you will get stellar treatment is be a movie star and not just an ordinary girl. The only good thing was the location. I did get a call after they got my letter. They left a message for &quot;either Mr. or Mrs.....&quot;At this point I give up.	
Sep 18 2007 	A Weekend Of Luxury and Elegance	We stayed at this hotel as a treat as we felt we needed a bit of pampering; we were not disappointed.Check in was fairly smooth. Our room wasn't ready so we offered complimentary teas and coffees in the bar. It was very welcome after travelling all the way to London by train. After our room was ready we were shown around the lobby area and the restaurant, bar and shops were explained to us and we were shown to our room. It was an amazing room at that. The bathroom was huge with a deep bath and big shower. Our room itself was very well presented, clean, tidy and the complimentary champagne was a very welcome touch. After they have turned your bed down at night you also get a rose petal heart on your bed, very sweet I thought.We had spa treatments while we were there. My boyfriend had an Indian Head Massage and I had the delux manicure and pedicure. The ladies that did them were very friendly and professional and the spa was very clean.Then came the highlight of the stay, Afternoon tea. I recommend it to everyone and it should be a compulsary part of your stay. Try the Dorchester blend tea it is amazing. The clotted cream scones were to die for and if there is nothing you can eat on the menu they will make you sandwiches to your liking. There is as much champagne and tea as you can drink.I will say that the bar in the evening is a little expensive, but if you are staying there what do you expect? You do not book into one of the Dorchester Collection hotels if you are on a budget!!Breakfast was not disappointing either and they serve it till 12pm. Usually the more you pay for food the less you get, in this case, happily this isn't true. I would stay here again any time.	
Aug 17 2007 	One of the great London hotels	We usually stay in the Dorchester once per year on our regular London visits. It's well located for Oxford Street shopping and for Hyde Park. We had a special &quot;July Only&quot; deal for an amazing GBP 275 (only) for the room, although this ended up being GBP 705 having added dinner, breakfast, a third person in the room (14 year old) and the usual taxes.The room was the utimate in opulence as is usual at the Dorchester. The view was nothing special, but in our price category, this is normal. The bathroom is vast and amazing as is to be expected here. We had dinner in the Asian restaurant which wasn't as good as in previous years. However, the breakfast was as usual something special. There is no buffet, everything is brought to your table, which is a refreshing change to the usual buffet queues. The service at breakfast sets the standard for how service should be as far as I am concerned.In summary, it's always a special treat to stay at the Dorchester whenever my wallet allows it.	
Aug 13 2007 	Almost perfect	This has London's best lobby, and among London's biggest rooms. The beds are extremely comfortable and the hotel is, generally, well managed. Having said that, however, a few flaws showed up on this stay: room had a bad smell (so the hotel switched my room), the property is leaving Leading Hotels at the end of the year, so benefits were not forthcoming (until I asked). Room Service was slow--though the food was fine when it finally arrived. Gym was OK, though the jacuzzi pool was broken. Just enough to make this less than a perfect stay. Still, you'd be hard pressed to find a nicer place to stay in London. Good weekend rates make it exceptional value, for London at least.	
Aug 13 2007 	A very enjoyable stay!	We stayed at The Dorchester just over last weekend and overall had a thoroughly enjoyable experience. We booked a room via the The Dorchester's own website at a fairly competitive rate considering we would be staying at one of the best hotels in London.Firstly, the room was light , beautifully furnished but a little on the small side and with an amazing bathroom (nearly the same size as the room!). It had a 'Mayfair' view however looked out, rather boringly, onto the buildings opposite.Us Brits like our tea and coffee making facilities in hotel rooms and we were surprised that there were none here, as room service always usually takes up to 30 mins. We telephoned and asked for the above to be delivered in order that we could make our own and this was not a problem - we were advised this would be complimentary. However on collecting our bill a £25.00 charge had been added. We queried this and the amount was then removed. We really would expect a 5 star British hotel to provide these facilities, even if guests did not want to use them and call room service instead.  Dinner at the Grill Room was excellent from a food and service perspective, one thing about this hotel is that the staff are all exceptionally polite and unstuffy. One glitch that spoilt out dining experience a little was that our table for two was rather close to the next, unfortunately with a rather loud lady next door who was obviously not staying at the hotel and totally in awe of that fact that she was dining at The Dorchester! We did inform restaurant staff of this the next day who were apologetic.After dinner we sat at The Promenade and listened to the pianist and double-bass playing down near the bar area. It would be good if the hotel had a residents lounge area or designated part of The Promenade as a 'resident only' as I did object a little having to wait to be seated at The Promenade.Just before we went down to breakfast the next morning I happened to lose an earing in the room and had to move the bed. I think housekeeping need to check and hoover underneath their beds more often as it was dusty and there were old luggage labels, hairgrips there which showed it had not been cleaned for sometime. Going back to breakfast! It was definitely one of the best English breakfasts we have ever had in any hotel. Obviously the hotel is very central and only a 15 minute walk to Harrods. We decided, last minute, to go in and see Buckingham Palace, which was well worth the visit and I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting London this summer. Concierge can issue a voucher for this tour however you still have to queue to redeem the voucher for the tickets at the Palace.	
Jul 18 2007 	The best place	Plush and super fancy. The rooms are sumptious. You'll never want to leave. Service goes above and beyond. Tea here is awesome. Very English. Overall, it's very expensive, but money well spent.	
Jul 8 2007 	A True Pleasure	I had the pleasure of staying at The Dorchester on two separate occasions for business on Thanksgiving 2006 and in January 2007. Simply splendid accomodations. Gorgeous lobby. Elegant rooms - I enjoyed a suite on one stay and a four poster bed room on another. Super comfortable beds. Fabulous lighting. Lovely views. Superb service - from reception to housekeeping to room service to concierge. The spa is also a delight. If you want to enjoy the epitome of lavish comfort, do yourself a favor and stay at The Dorechester.	
Jun 17 2007	Wow	Impossible to fault. My wife and stayed here for one night in a suite and I must say everything was perfect.Room size was excellent given the average London hotel. Food was amazing and service was perfect. The decor throughout the hotel was very tasteful and elegant.	
May 22 2007 	Special!	My friend and I booked the Dorchester because it was opposite Hyde Park and we had entered the &quot;Playtex Moonwalk&quot; for Breast Cancer Research. When we arrived our room was not ready so we had a pot of tea in the Promenade. However our room still was not ready but it wasn't a problem as everyone was very polite. We went off to have a spot of lunch at the Hard Rock Cafe, which was great. The room was ready when we arrived back, and it was a great room with lovely decoration, poor view but this did not bother us. I ordered a pot of tea through room service as they do not provide tea and coffee making facilities in the room. However, this experience was not a great one as we had to wait for over an hour, I rang after 45 minutes and then waited another 20. Everyone apologised so I thought well not to worry. We went off to do our &quot;Moonwalk&quot; and arrived back approximately 5.00am on arriving in our room we ordered another pot of tea, again we had a long wait, if this had been the first time as it was 5:00am I would have thought fair enough, but ....Breakfast was the best and afternoon tea superb. Our overall experience was excellent as the service in every other area was special.I did give them feedback about the wait for room service and they were very apologetic. It wouldn't have really been anything to complain about but we English enjoy our tea.The Doorman was the most friendly I have ever come across and made us feel really special.Thank you Dorchester	
May 13 2007 	Great but lots of working being done...	Stayed here in the summer of 2005 and they were extensively renovating, resulting in closed restaurants and lots of noise. Looking at recent reviews it appears that the work still hasn't stopped to be careful. Other than the renovating the hotel was great. Very large rooms, great bathrooms (along with those famous bathtubs) and overall very wonderful staff. The location is very pretty but not exactly near all the tourist areas.Overall a very good experience at the Dorchester. It seems to be showing its age lately but I guess that’s why they've been working on it for so long. If you prefer the more traditional hotel, this is the hotel for you. If you're looking for a more modern touch (what i typically prefer, you might want to look elsewhere).	
Apr 18 2007 	A class act of perfection	We stayed at the Dorchester for four nights over Easter having not stayed there for several years. The experience was wonderful with smooth and sniling service in plush surroundings.Our room was a deluxe room which overlooked Mayfair which is not the best view - the Hyde Park rooms would have a more picturesque view. However the room was large with lovely traditional, quality furnishings and a great bathroom - natural light, one of the biggest baths in London and a shower that could accomodate four should you so wish! Toiletries were all Floris with luxury robes and a surfeit of towels.The in room entertainment facility was good with internet and films reasonably priced. There were two soft chairs and a chaise longue and working desk.The public areas of the hotel can only be described as stunning, especially the Promenade where breakfast, teas etc are served. The Grill Room is done in grand Scottish decor and is really impressive.Throughout our stay theservice from all staff was exemplary and there was always staff on hand.The hotel is in a great situation with Hyde Park across the road, Mayfair on your doorstep and Knightsbidge ten minutes walk away. There is always plenty of taxis if one of the Ferraris, Lamborghinis or Rolls parked outside does not belong to you.Our Easter rate was a good deal for the class of hotel and included a bottle of Champagne and breakfast each day ( which if we were paying would seriously mount up).Great experience.	
Apr 16 2007 	Still good but be careful!	Well I have been lucky enough to go back to the Dorchester and it had a few issues!Firstly they are working on the 9th floor and as such, there is noise from 9 to 5 Mon to Fri and 11 to 5 sat &amp; Sun (which did surprise me!) The hotel did not advise me of this when I called earlier int he week to book the room, I also had to call them the day of arrival to say that there was a cheaper rate on their website, and they did agree to use that rate (a saving of £200 per night!).When we arrived no mention of building work at reception, nothing form the receptionist as she showed us the room, it was only when a maintenance guy arrived to fit a door stop and I asked him what the noise was, he mentioned the work and there should be a letter on the desk form the General Manager! I would have preferred to know in advance!One thing I was very surprised at for such a high class 5* hotel, is it depends on the rate you are on if you get complimentary water left by your bed! I didn't and when I for some, I was told I would have to pay for it!Also slightly surprised you are not allowed to drink alcohol near the lobby while they are serving afternoon tea (with Champagne) at the nearby tables even though at lunchtime I was more than happily served a pre lunch G&amp;T at the very same table! When I mentioned this to the lady who refused to serve me, I was told I was mistaken!! Not all the staff as as pleasant this time round, they must have been having a bad day!The final night we didn't sleep much at all due to what I assumed was noisy neighbors int he upstairs room whop were insomniacs! But it turns out the hotel was having the room above us re-decorated and they work through the night and due to the fact that they remove the carpet, we could hear everything! When I checked out as we were leaving, they lady at the cash desk advised we should not have been in that room at all and if we had told them we would have been moved (Shame as it was our last night, otherwise yes we would have asked to be moved!)I will certainly remember that next time, I will ask if any work is being carried out in the hotel, I want a room no where near it!Other than those minor niggles the weekend was perfect and the weather was wonderful!!	
Apr 7 2007 	A Really Swell Stay	Young, elegant and thoroughly professional staff. Attended to every and all needs. Exquisite rooms, luxurious bath - a great bar - and the lobby area for tea or breakfast is just the tops. Could not have been more well looked after. Especially after an endless overseas flight. P.S. Bring bags of money!	
Mar 23 2007	just wonderfull	In the middle of a fourday stay, this is still one if not the best hotel in london, great room, best grill in town, first class afternoon tea possibly best in london. wondefull chinese restaurant, you cant go wrong.	
Feb 6 2007 	Just perfect !	Just spent a wonderful week-end at the Dorchester with my daughter. Everything was so perfect, the room was gorgeous (de luxe twin), massage ( try it, it's worth it !) at the spa, dinner at the Grill ( the menu seems at first a bit &quot;special&quot; for a continental, but it's very original and very good), the baths (ever so deep, a divine experience!) and most of all the service : everybody is there to please you and make you happy, from the minute you are in front of the hotel till the minute you leave, all the staff is ever so kind and helpful. Thank you very much, the Dorchester. Christine from Belgium	
Jan 25 2007 	Lovely hotel	Just returned from a long weekend and decided to try the Dorchester for a change from either the Met or from private clubs. I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews but I had a great rate from the hotel website so I thought I'd give it a try. On arrival in the morning from the overnight flight from the States, my &quot;assigned&quot; room wasn't ready, so I was upgraded to a larger room. The room was beautiful and very well appointed, and the bathroom was even more so. The deepest tub I've ever seen and a great separate shower. If I had one complaint, it woudl be that the satellite tv was very slow and often &quot;frozen&quot;, but that is nothing. The concierge, front desk and room service staff were all wonderful. I had an Eve Lom facial in the spa, which was one of the best I've ever had. The spa did appear to need a little freshening, but not so much so that it detracted from the exerience. All in all, a great experience. I think this hotel suffers from what other higer-end luxury hotels suffer from: unrealistic expectations. An over-critical nit-picker might have negative things to say about the Dorchester, but I found my experience to be one of the nicest I've ever had in London.	
Jan 23 2007 	Loved the Dorch	First class all the way. One of the top deluxe London hotels. Overlooking Hyde Park, a few blocks walk to Shepards Market, Tube, but somewhat tucked away from the mainstream tourism. Taxi line at hotel waiting as you exit most times, or arriving within a few minutes. Concierge desk the most helpful in London. The restaurants, bar, and afternoon tea all fabulous; room service extraordinary. Pinch yourself! Only drawbacks are family accommodation; must book a suite or 2 rooms if traveling with 2 children. $$$$Park Lane active, but surrounding streets deserted at night. Safe, but if you can't find a cab you will find yourself walking alone through several blocks late at night when returning from pubs.	
Jan 11 2007 	Great to be back at the Dorchester	What a delight to return to one of London's finest hotels. The Dorchester has an excellent location in Mayfair and my King Deluxe room had a view overlooking Hyde Park. The bed-rooms are a comfortable size, luxuriously furnished with superb beds and enormous marble bathrooms. Comfort is key here and everything from the heated towels and fluffly robes to the thick soft carpet is pampering and luxurious. Service at the hotel is outstanding and everyone from the doorman to room service and especially the excellent concierge staff--made me feel welcomed. The Dorchester spa is the finest--and there was nothing better after a good workout to sink into the hot tub or enjoy a steam bath. The Dorchester Grill--with its over the top decor-- was outstanding and worth a visit--even if you are not staying at the hotel. Breakfast was always good, especially room service. The hotel frequently has celebrity and high profile guests and this can be fun or annoying depending on your point of view--but everyone who stays at this fine hotel will feel like a VIP indeed.	
Jan 3 2007 	Like a great traditional English pudding...	We moved here following several disappointing stays at the Mandarin Oriental across the park. The Dorchester has a homely, personal feeling which you will not find in a corporate chain like the Mandarin or the Four Seasons. The service is friendly and faultless from the moment you arrive.Room service provides a good range of well presented dishes and once again service is quick, friendly and efficient.The common areas of the hotel are well maintained and extremely traditional, with the highlight being afternoon tea in the Conservatory (make sure you book ahead!). The bar was very smoky due to poor ventilation but that will cease when the long overdue smoking ban comes in this year.There is a great choice of dining options from the tradition of the Grill to the cutting edge oriental cuisine of China Tang.The Rooms? Not overly large for the price but generous enough and you can always upgrade to a sumptuous suite if space is important and (considerable) budget permits. You will feel like you have fallen into a period drama - no stainless steel or black marble in sight! If you want cutting edge, The Metropolitan is 100 yards away but if you want indulgent, comforting luxury with amazing service The Dorchester will feel like home from the minute you arrive.	
Nov 8 2006 	Not the Best London Option	Arriving at the well-known Dorchester following a hard week-long slog through Europe on a marketing trip, I was looking forward to a brief (one night) but relaxing stay at this top-bracket property before heading off to Japan. 6 pm check-in was a bit chaotic, but the lobby and first floor is beautiful, and I was finally conducted to what turned out to be a pleasant room, slightly marred by stains on the carpeting and a collection of hairs in the bathtub. It took 2 calls and almost 30 minutes to the porter to have my bags delivered, despite being assured upon check-in that they would be &quot;brought up immediately&quot;. As I was looking forward to a bath, I put in a call to housekeeping to have the bathtub cleaned, but after 20 minutes no one had shown up. After another call and a further 10 minute wait, a perspiring maid finally arrived muttering under her breath whenever the beeper on her belt went off, and cleaned up without enthusiasm. The bathroom fixtures themselves could have used a good polishing, but they worked. Comfortable bed, and very good good room service breakfast. However, the bill for overnight laundry of 5 shirts and underwear tipped the scales at 300 pounds, which seemed a tad high, to say the least.On Saturday, looking to eat lunch at the hotel before heading to Heathrow, I presented myself at the main court only to be told (as expected) that the then empty room was fully-booked for high tea and I would have to look elsewhere. My request for help with where to get a light lunch initially resulted in baffled stares, but ultimately the hotel bar was the recommended alternative. The Dorchester's bar has been written up as &quot;one of the best hotel bars&quot; in London, and if you are looking for a gin and tonic priced at 18 pounds (not including the bottle of tonic, which is extra), thudding eurotrash music, and a strange menu of expensive snacks in a bordello decor, this place is for you. A sloppy wrap of curry chicken salad and one drink set me back over 50 pounds, which is an outrageous price considering what it was. One could do better at the Savoy or Claridges for the same price.	
Oct 10 2006 	Not the best hotel in London.	The Front of the building is wonderful, renovations were very good, service was spot on as you would expect. HOWEVER!! we had to move 3 times to get a non smoking room, the smell of old cigarettes was everywhere. After our final move, we woke up on Sunday morning to the smell of cigarette smoke, which was coming under the adjoining bedroom door. Took an hour to check out as they did not take down the correct security number from the credit card.	
Sep 11 2006 	Some flaws	Central location, splendid building (after the recent renovations, although I prefered the old Grill and the bar is too modern for my taste) and very luxurious rooms.Dinner at the grill was good but not memorable, and the quality of the service has dropped. Service at the bar was not great, but the waiting staff was especially bad at breakfast in the Promenade. Breakfast itself is also of a lesser quality than in the past (especially the bread) and is now a neglected meal (like at so many hotels).The spa (ok but not a destination in itself) did not look clean (used towels and empty water bottles everywhere). I reported this several times to the reception but it had no effect.The hardware (public areas and rooms) is certainly back where it should be, but there is a problem with the software (poorly trained young waiting staff having replaced the older and distinguished staff).	
Sep 1 2006 	Great!	My partner and I had a two night stay at The Dorchester at the end of August. We were impressed with the checking in service which included the receptionist showing us around the facilities and to our room. Our room was on the second floor. The room was exceptionally spacious and the bed was huge. The bathroom was a decent size with a deep bathtub. (If you had a mobility problem you may not be able to lift your leg high enough to get in) A little disappointingly, our room overlooked the aircon units/kitchen? however, my view is that I do not go to London to spend my time looking out of the window. The new bar was very beautifully done although the prices are definitely London/5* prices! The Promenade is gorgeous and a delight to have either breakfast/ afternoon tea or a late afternoon drink.Our stay inThe Dorchester was very good. We stayed in both The Lanesborough and The Ritz last year and The Dorchester is faring execptionally well in 'our places to stay test'!	
Aug 29 2006 	Lovely Afternoon Tea	A large group of us went for afternoon tea on a Sunday at the Dorchester. On arrival at the hotel I was very impressed with the surroundings and decor. We were warmly welcomed and shown to our tables, which looked beautiful- the china was the finest and daintiest I have seen! The choice of teas were quite bewildering but I finally decided on the Dorchester Blend and was not disappointed. We were firstly served sandwiches, as much as we could eat. I tried most varieties and they were all fantastic! Next came a peach and Vanilla desert- which was followed by warm scones- delicious! We had a selection of pastries which were quickly refilled as I had to try most of them- they were all very tasty! We offered more of everything, although after my second cake I was rather full. The ambience is lovely, a piano playing throughout and even the ladies restrooms were impressive! 10/10 I enjoyed myself immensely as well as the rest of my party- I would love to go again!!!	
Aug 15 2006	Afternoon Tea overpriced.	June, my wife and I went to the Dorchester for Afternoon Tea.Sandwiches were good, desserts were just average and the whole affair was overpriced. Service was slow, our server disappeared and we ended up with someone else.Beautiful setting,,, but as I was about the only man with a necktie, I wondered why I carried it 4000 miles for this...Will go elsewhere next time:	
Aug 7 2006 	Wonderful tea at the Dorchester	I wanted to take my parents to London for the day as a treat. They are comfortably off and are used to some of the nicer things in life, but I'm not - so the budget was important to me. However, I wanted to take them to see Buckingham Palace and then for a smart tea afterwards. I used Tripadvisor and read all the reviews of lots of nice London Hotels which do tea and eventually settled on the Dorchester, mainly because of the reviews which said the staff at the Ritz were condescending to guests. I wanted to my parents to feel special, not unworthy!The best bit was flagging down a taxi and announcing 'the Dorchester' to the driver - my parents were so surprised; they had never been before. We were dropped off outside and the doorman helped us in. The staff inside were courteous and discreet - not snobbish, disinterested or over-the-top. We sat down (the tea area is right inside in the lobby area) and it is beautifully decorated with huge comfortable banquettes or big old-fashioned chairs. A cake stand, silver plate cutlery and tea-strainers, linen cloths and napkins and Limoges crockery were on the table when we arrived. Immediately a waitress came to see if we were ok and said she'd give us a while (which she did twice as we weren't ready.) The only thing which threw me was that another waitress immediately offered champagne, which my parents accepted happily, thinking it was part of the deal - but I hadn't chosen the champagne tea as it was another six pounds each and I'd bought some for later. Anyway, the tea was fantastic. They bought little sandwiches with the crusts cut off - five kinds - and then brought more and more. Unfortunately I ate too many as the pear and stilton one which had sounded so revolting was so nice and I had several. So, by the time the warm scones (plain or with raisins) arrived wrapped in a napkin, I was feeling a little full. The cakes arrived then too, and were a real treat. Some had gold leaf on and all were beautifully presented and tasted lovely. They offered more, and to my eternal and horrified regret I had to decline. A waiter in tails kept topping up the tea, which we thought was great but we realised at the fourth top up that he was just adding boiling water and it was getting weaker and weaker. I had Bangkok tea and it was fabulous! The service was very good and we were surprised to find we'd been there two hours. As we left, I thought we'd go and have a look at the other end of the room just to see what was up there (let's face it, I don't go there every day) and the cocktail bar caught my Dad's eye... he knows I love a cocktail and offered me one. So there we all were having cocktails beautifully prepared by the barman in the Dorchester. It was fantastic and felt so special. As we were leaving, a lady behind the bar offered us a top-up. My mum's always one for a joke and asked if it was free. Yes, she said...so we had another, and it was free, and it was excellent!By the time we left we felt we'd had such a lovely day and the surroundings, decor, ambience (everyone else looked crashingly wealthy and as though having tea at the Dorchester was sooo tedious dahlink) were perfect. I'm really glad I chose this hotel and (if only there weren't so many other places in the world to see!) would be back in a flash. Just fantastic	
Jun 28 2006	Perfect as always	.As a regular at The Dorchester i must comment on the superb service that they provide time after time.On our latest visit, to celebrate a friends birthday,we were informed on arrival that we had been upgraded,we were shown to our room which turned out to be a beautiful park suite.To make sure we made the most of it we invited our friends to join us for lunch in the suite.The six of us had a wonderful lunch over looking Hyde Park before going to an afternoon matinee at the theatre.The staff are always extremely polite and attentive,we have stayed at three or four of the other top hotels in London but for the past few years The Dorchester has been our firm favourite and we highly recommend it.	
Jun 24 2006	The Grand Dame of Grand Brittania is outrageously overpriced	A 4 night stay with the wife (left the kids in Chicago with Grandma!) on vacation- exec king set us back $3500 (room, tax, service only). Full breakfast included, thanks to American Express FH&amp;R program. Reasonably spacious room toward the back (read: quiet) of the hotel- two closets in the entry foyer- spacious bathroom with his/her sinks, separate bath and shower. There was also a bidet that provided us with at least several minutes of amusement.The Dorch is on the east end of hyde park, across Park Lane. It is a brisk 5 minute walk to HP since you can't directly cross Park Lane (unless you have a death wish) unless you walk south to the pedestrian underpass. Green Park and Hyde Park tube stops are closest, both about 5 min walk from hotel.Otherwise, there is not much immediately around the dorch- 5 min walk to Shepard's market (a small, socioeconomically normal enclave in the middle of an otherwise outrageously posh Mayfair neighborhood) or Oxford St and a hideously barricaded US Embassy (don't get me started). Kensington (Harrods, etc) is a good 12-15 min walk- but at least you can cut through Hyde Park and the lovely flower gardens along the southeast edge.Had tea at the Dorch- $135/two people. It is unbelievable to me that the English, who readily voice their disdain for loud, tactless Americans, allow constantly ringing cellphones during tea! Shockingly inappropriate, if you ask this ugly american.Meals in general at the D are ridiculously expensive, especially given the overall mediocre quality. We did not eat in The Grill or China Tang- unbelievably pricey. Given the multitude of superb restaurants in London, we pretty much limited ourselves to breakfast.The clientele are an interesting mixture of arabs, tourists, and englishmen wearing tophats (Royal Ascot horse races were happening). We were low-key Americans doing the usual tourist thing in jeans and casual clothing- we definitely stuck out but I didn't feel particularly ostracized. No one ever hassled us, except when we tried to unsuccesfully cut through the back door of the hotel as a &quot;shortcut.&quot; My bad.Service is fine- not outstanding though. Calls to the concierge desk in the middle of the day went unanswered a few times. Maid service was excellent- discrete, fast, and thorough. Check in and check out went fine- they got the bill right on the first try pretty much. Overall, service is comparable to Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons, but not as good as Peninsula.Summary: Although the location is considered great, I would suggest that the Dorch is actually a little bit off the beaten path, particularly if you like being able to easily walk (within 5-7 minutes) to restaurants, lounges, shopping, etc. It is outrageously expensive but I am hard-pressed to say it was really worth spending so much for what we hoped would be the quintessential English experience, especially with the constantly ringing cellphones during breakfast and tea. I would stay elsewhere if we went back. P.S. Selfridges is far superior to Harrods- less tourists and WAAAAAYYY less emphasis on their own brand. For example, if you want to buy tea at Harrods, you can really only buy Harrods brand. If you go to Selfridges though, you'll have a ton of choices, only one of which is the Selfridges brand. Selfridges' foodhall is just as impressive as Harrods. Similarly, Selfridges also has an amazing array of clothing, electronics, books, etc. Skip Harrods- Selfridges is a much more entertaining and productive shopping experience with way fewer people to push through.	
May 31 2006 	Beautiful Hotel	I stayed at the Dorchester last week and it really is beautifully appointed. The room however, was not what I expected for a top hotel, as it was quite small. The linens were beautiful, the bed comfortable, but the size of the room and the lack of any view was disappointing. All I had to look at really was the ugly top of the roof. The tub, was very deep and the bathroom was fairly large and everything seemed fresh and clean. They are not very generous with toilet paper and fruit plates and at these prices, you should be able to expect more. I never ate at the hotel as the prices were astronomical after the conversion to USD. The lounge area seemed a bit stuffy but the staff for the most part, especially the front desk personnel were very friendly and helpful. I might consider staying there again, but be careful where they put you - you'll either be delighted or disappointed. And of course, there was a celebrity sighting- Lionel Ritchie in the lobby.	
Apr 16 2006	The Genuine Article	The Dorchester is a seriously good, genuine 5-red-star London hotel. It has lovely, immaculately applied rooms, faultless service, and superb ambience. The whole place has a warm and friendly almosphere. Afternoon tea in the Promenade was a delight, with food as good as you will find anywhere, including the Ritz. The room service breakfast was as excellent, as is the location, with Hyde park across the road, Oxford Street ten minutes walk away, and theatreland just a short cab ride. Anyone looking for a superb, traditional, top-rate London hotel need look no further than the Dorchester.	
Apr 10 2006	Absolutely Fabulous	Just got back from staying at this wonderful hotel. From check in to check out our stay was nothing short of perfect. The room was a generous size, absolutely immaculate. The staff were a real pleasure. This hotel definitely deserves its 5 star rating. I have stayed at numerous 5 star hotels around the world and without a doubt I would rank this amongst the best. I have finally found my hotel of choice in London.	
Jan 31 2006	Shame about the decor	I have been going to The Grill Room for some time.I enjoyed the tranquil surroundings and the 3 course meal for £38 including service.Very good value for money.when i went in October i was disturbed to find that it was closed for refurbishment.I went back recently.What have they done to the place!The walls are now covered by garish Rob Roy figures,supposedly to highlight the new Scottish influenced menu.Alas this means that the old fixed price menu has gone out and in comes a menu which is almost twice as expensive.There is no longer a desert trolley but you are handed a menu with about 6 desserts from £8.Petite fours and coffee are no longer included and they of course add 12 1/2% service charge on the bill.The food itself is less interesting and i have to say vastly overpriced.So i will not be going back there.So if you think that you are going to get anything special at The Grill Room ,well it will only be the bill.Alas this is no longer a venue i shall visit.	
Jan 24 2006	Trouble with payments and truly awful service.	We had tea on sunday afternoon at the dorchester. It was embarassingly bad, really, truly, appalling. Basil Faulty could not have done better!I was especially upset as it had been my idea. I have stayed many times at the dorchester's sister hotels for business, mainly The Principe, in Milan. I have always found it a delight. A respite from mindless business travel with a wonderful friendly staff. It has gorgeous big old fashioned rooms and a truly awesome spa and pool on the top floor. However, even with the fabulous surrondings, it is, to my mind, the staff that make the difference between a good and a great hotel.The Dorchester obviously does not believe this.The staff are arrogant, unpleasant and unhelpful. A previous reviewer put it very well when he said, that the staff regard the guests as a bother. I would concur with this completely.At tea, we were treated as a bunch of annoying idiots. Who were bothering the staff. Imagine, we were so spoilt, we wanted our tea to be served! At nearly £40+ per person for tea, you would have hoped they might make a small effort... Don't count on it. You are upsetting their afternoon by being there. That's how they make you feel.After a few glasses of champagne, we asked for our tea to be served. We would have liked our sandwiches to be brought to the table at roughly the same time as the tea, not when the tea was cold. That didn't happen. When we asked for hot tea we were told it was on its way. By the third time of trying to get some more tea we had to get up and ask the gentleman/manager at the service stand to bring it.We ordered water, again it never appeared. I had to get up, physically stand infront of a waiter and ask for it. Guess what? Yup, it never appeared. The trick is to ask for everything three times, and then it arrives. But actually the really clever bit is finding someone to ask three times! Elusive is obviously a word they learn quickly!When we asked for scones they arrived. We had only asked once! Hurray, it was a blip in the service. It was all going to be fine. Well....no. The scones arrived warm and wrapped in a lovely white linen napkin. Sadly by the time the butter, cream and jam arrived, the scones were cold. The finaly insult was when we tried to pay. The bill arrived very very promptly. I duly handed over my switch card to pay. The man came back and informed everyone at the table, that my card was not acceptable - they don't take solo cards. I pointed out it was a switch card. He went away. He then came back in a loud voice informed us all that it had not been authorised. (I got home and checked my balance online, I had not been wippped out overnight!) So very unlikely, but I'm too old and have stayed in too many hotels, to be bothered by this stuff. Technology cannot always be relied on.So I handed over my Visa card. He swiped it, returned the slip for signing. Then he returned, again, he said my card had not been authorised. Deja Vu! Even though the slip I had in my hand had an authorisation code on it, he said it was not authorised.I just wanted to leave at this point. He became a bit belligerent and annoying and just keep repeating loudly that my card had not been authorised. I asked for my signed slip back, and gave him cash. They would not give me a cash receipt, I even asked him to sign a piece of paper saying he had said received £50 in cash. He would not. Guess what? Yup. I had paid twice, I paid cash, and my visa card has indeed been charged. At the time of writing, I cannot be 100% sure they have not charged my switch card as well, as my bank inform me it can take up to 3/4 days for debits to go through.I have spend a whole morning sorting out a payment for a small amount of money. I have eventually contacted the hotel, G.M., (general manager) and he assures me they are sorting it out. He has, in their defence, been charming, and as good as his word. He has phoned me back, and assures me not only that my card has been credited, but they are crediting me with the cash I paid. So I may, have ended up not paying at all. However, I still feel, it should not have happened in the first place. And when I called yesterday to sort it out, the Food and Beverage Manager should have taken care of it. They didn't. Hence I bounced it up the GM. (Go to the top if there's a problem!)My advice. Go somewhere else. Claridge's is fabulous for tea. The staff are friendly, courteous and charming. Sadly The Dorchester, even with a charming GM, does not deserve our hard earned cash.	
Jan 1 2006	Incredible	I am always amazed that people can find something to criticise about the Dorchester. I've been lucky enough to stay there three times and every visit has been exquisite: beautiful rooms, furnished in a classic, English country house style. Incredible, incredible bathrooms. Amazing food. Wonderful service. If you like sleek, modern rooms, you probably won't like the Dorchester. It's chintzy and frilly, the furnishings are oversized and the upholstery florid. But that's because of its style and the hotel's USP - every visit makes you feel like stepping back in time to around 1910. A spotless 1910, I hasten to add.I've always had a room overlooking Hyde Park, which is perfect. But not all rooms have that luxury. That's because you're in a central London hotel, surrounded by shops and offices. I guess some rooms might have a less than perfect view. So request a park view if that bothers you.The rooms aren't massive - unless you have a suite, in which case they're huge -but they certainly aren't mean. And the bathrooms make up for that anyhow. The staff are absolute professionals who take the time to make sure you have a wonderful stay. Which is what you would expect for such a pricey hotel. But if you're in town for a special occasion, there is no finer place to stay.	
Dec 18 2005	Just the best....!	We stayed here for 4 nights during October/November and have to say that we were not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location. We love to walk and found that all the great tourist places were all around. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a DEluxe King Room which was just great. Heaps of room, roomy bathroom with HUGE bath and VERY comfy bed.The staff are just gorgeous, nothing was to much trouble. We had a bit of an issue with the printer, but they fixed it...even though it meant replacing their computer....!!! I would recommend this hotel to everyone, although it isn't cheap ($900 AUD p/night) it really was worth every cent.	
Dec 3 2005	Fabulous - worth every penny!	My fiance took me to The Dorchester to celebrate our engagement. It is fantastic. The service, food, atmosphere.... I couldn't fault a thing. If you have the opportunity, don't think twice and don't miss the afternoon tea!	
Nov 30 2005	Gorgeous hotel gorgeous staff and gorgeous George Clooney..	I stayed here for a long weekend as a surprise from my husband and had I of read the other reviews first I would not have gone.I dont know where you all stayed but The Dorchester was perfect for me, lovely, helpful staff, amazing food and HUGE bed and bathrooms...even better was bumping into George Clooney in THE LIFT!!!The Dorchester is wonderful and if you can afford it go right now!!	
Nov 16 2005	This is not a good hotel it is a Bad hotel. Seriously bad.	The Dorchester is a classic example of what a hotel should not be. The level of service here is very poor. First, upon checking in, I was lectured about why my room wasn't ready (it is not yet check-in time) though I have not only requested an early check-in, but also called from the Heathrow pick-up arranged by the hotel to let them know that I was on the way (during the conversation they confirmed that my room was ready and waiting for me).Security is horrible. A drunken hotel guest was wandering my floor for over an hour, ringing the VERY loud doorbells (further enhancing my jet lag). When I called the frint desk to let then know that I had been awoken four times (and asked if they had security or a camera) I was not given a simple apology.Okay, on to the room. At around $900 US dollars per night, the room is 0 out of 10 on value. The bed is not comfortable, the sheets and pillowcases are starched to the point that they can almost stand on their own. The bathroom is very nice and the honor bar well-stocked. The TV is horrible with two volumes, it seemed: no sound or really loud.Back to the service. Though my inquiries were very few and I am not at all rude (I travel all the time and genuinely like people who work at hotels) the attitude at The Dorchester is that guests are an unwanted bother.Location is good, but not great. There are MANY better-situated hotels to the city center. The fitness room is fair at best. Very small, poor TVs, aging equipment.Finally, the hotel has a smell. It smells...old...like your grandmother's house when she's either too infirm to tend to it or getting too old to care.This is NOT a good hotel. Take the huge sack of money required to stay here and go elsewhere.	
Nov 1 2005 	great bath tub but the room is the luck of the draw	We stayed at The Dorchester for two nights, courtesy of the BAFTA awards. The front desk staff wasn't very accommodating. When we were shown to our room I have to say I was a bit shocked. The hallways were very dismal and claustrophobic. our room was unremarkable. The view out the one small window was of a roof sandwiched in between an alcove of the exterior of the hotel. In other words we had no view and no light coming in the room. The carpet was dirty and basically the furnishings felt very worn. I asked the front desk if they could switch us to another room and they said no. We offered to pay the difference for an upgrade and again they said no. so we settled in and I basically spent my time in the room asleep or in the wonderful big marble bath tub. we visited two other rooms while we were in the hotel. One was far worse than ours. The other was absolutely gorgeous. I suppose it's typical of older hotels for the rooms to vary so much. But all I could think about was the crummy room we were stuck in and the gorgeous one we could have had. I do have to say that the location was great and the concierge was one of the nicest I have ever come across. I would, however, stay at The Claridges down the street and around a few corners. That was a great hotel.	
Sep 19 2005 	Its the best in London.	The afternoon tea is better than the Ritz, even though you have to squat on low chairs. All round its better. The Spa is first rate. Good barbers and excellent hairdressers.The security is ham-fisted. They are pretty obvious if your aware and if they can't make you out, they 'talk' to you out of the blue. Kinda strange at first, but after they recognise you (if you visit more than once) your OKed.Taking about the Doorman, he actually made a quip about where I was going when he pulled the cab over, as if to say &quot;Now we know where you go&quot;.What do expect with the bombings and superstar guests, the security have got to be on their toes.	
Aug 17 2005	Afternoon Tea - an addendum	My wife and I had afternoon tea at the Dochester and would echo all the plus points of the previous review. However, we disagree over the 'pastries'. They were exquisitely made (apparently in-house) and were just as much a delight to the tastebuds as they were to the eyes. A truly marvellous experience.	
Aug 10 2005	Afternoon tea 	Myself and 2 friends went for afternoon tea at the Dorchester last Friday. We debated at length on which of the Grand Dames hotels to pick. WIth very few reviews on TripAdvisor to help us!On arrival we were very pleased with the sumptious surroundings - tea is taken not in the foyer, but a long wide room off the foyer with a glamorous bar at the end. So you are not disturbed by comings and goings. The decor is very grand, the carpets so deap we could feel our shoes sink into them. The tables are set spaciously apart so we were not sitting on top of others. We had a table next to the piano player who played a mix of ballads and light classical. The bone china and cutlery were quite modern in design. My friends are both 30 and were the youngest there. The average age was about mine - mid-40s - 50. It was near full, but still exquisitely calm and peaceful.The tea menu was amazing - I had the finest Early Grey I have ever had. My friends adored their darjeeling. All fresh leaves. Then came the sandwiches - finger style with simple but delicious fillings: chicken, prawn, smoked salmon, egg, and cream cheese and cucmber. The waitress graciously placed a selection on our plate, and came back - we could have had as much as we wanted. Then came warm freshly baked scones (2 each), clotted cream and delicious home made tasting blackberry and strawberry jams. Plus fresh pots of tea and clean cups.Then the disappointment. I was expecting English cakes and cream cakes - sort of typical classic cream Victoria sponges etc. But what came were dinky continental patisseries, obviously not made in house. Now the chocolate covered one with a cherry inside was lovely. But not an English classic cake in sight. The dinky macaroon was pointless, and then a couple of mousse type patisseries which we didn't enjoy. This was the big disappointment. And we noticed that everyone had exactly the same cakes at their tables.The staff were grace and pleasantness personified, and we were offered seconds and more of everyhting. But the disappointmet of the cakes took the edge off.One of my friends is an avid afternoon tea goer. She rated the surroundings of the Dorchester the best she had seen. Not stuck in a foyer. But the one let down to her was the cakes! She said even though the Ritz's surroundings were not as grand, it still had the edge because of the cakes. The bill was £81 for 3. Cheaper than the Ritz - but who cares when it's a treat? Then the big bonus. We had arrived at 3.00pm. On leaving I checked my watch - it was 6.00pm! Yet we felt we had only been there for about 1 hour! It was so calm, relaxed, and lovely, time had melted away. The quiet hush of the patrons, the gorgeous surroundings, and the calm service of the staff meant that time had melted by. We felt incredibly relaxed and that we had had very good value - a real treat. Not many restaurants at lunch for about £27 a head would allow you to sit for 3 hours! No one rushed us - it was definitely NOT get them in and get them out, we need the table for another party.One other oddity: the seating. I had a wing chair, my friend who was pregnant a couch, but our other friend had a large stool. As did other guests. But a very comfy and padded antique stool. She loved it!Overall, this was a wonderful experience that I will repeat and would recommend. But not if you what you really really want are English cream cakes or classic cakes and don't care about the sandwiches, scones, surroundings and piano playing!	
Aug 8 2005	poor choice	Stayed here at the time of the second London bombing. A disappointment. Hotel was undergoing extensive refurbishment, with workers everywhere. At check-in, the hotel attempted to put us in a smoking room and initially made a fuss when we objected. Then they attempted to charge us a higher rate than our guaranteed reservation. Fortunately, having a print out of the reservation solved that - except that they then tried to re-institute the higher charge at check out! Dated decor and a dated clientele. Not a patch on other luxury hotels - Four Seasons just down the road has much nicer rooms and a more friendly staff. Not recommended, and we won't go back.	
Jul 25 2005	Almost excellent	I stayed at the Dorchester late May 2005. I booked a standard room through the LHW-website. When I checked in I was upgraded to a larger deluxe room, which was a very nice room overlooking Hyde Park. I loved the room: large and good bed, sitting group and a large bathroom. The room was spacious. And the in-room entertainment system was genious. The service the employes provide is one of the best in Europe. The atmosphere of the hotel is casual and good. I ordered some food from the roomservice, and the portions was among the largest and most generous I have ever seen in the hotel business. I even catched a sight of both Goldie Hawn and Mickey Rourke in the hotel lobby.However, when I was returning to the hotel one night I was approached by a man from security who in a rude way asked me if he could help me with something. This made me kinda angry, because I don't accept to be treated like this in establishments such as the Dorchester. I told the duty manager and the general manager about this, and they promised to handle this in a proper way. Which they did. Overall, I am very satisfied, and would really recommend the Dorchester to anyone who truly appreciate good service and luxury. But for all those who appreciate the little extra I recommend Claridge's. Which is my favourite hotel in London.	
Jul 14 2005	Wow! Excellent service fabulous food beautiful room!	This is by far the best hotel I've ever stay in for vacation. The service was top notch. Food both in their restaurant and room service was wonderful.Would highly recommend and stay there again.	
May 26 2005	Beautiful hotel but surprisingly bad service	Sad to be the only one to have received a poor standard of service at this beautiful and luxurious hotel.My problems occurred before and after leaving the hotel - the service during my stay was wonderful. The staff are attentive, the rooms are luxurious, the atmosphere is stuffy but not stifling.Unfortunately, the online booking system encountered some errors when I booked my room. Despite receiving confirmation for one price, I was told I'd be charged another. This necessitated a phone call to the hotel, who advised they would honour their original confirmation. Had a great stay. Met with some friends from the US and Ireland. On check-out the bill was incorrect due to aforementioned 'problem with the computer system'. Found it annoying to be stood at the cashiers desk whilst waiting for them to sort it out. They did, I left on my merry way.That evening, on my return home, I realised that I had left two items in my room when hurriedly departing. Jacket and ring. Phoned immediately and reported it. Retrieved jacket, NO ring. Called several times to check status of ring. Was advised that it had not been found and was unlikely to be found. Seemed a rather unsatisfactory response and wrote letter to the general manager. However, I do realise that this was partly an error on my part as I left it in the room.Meanwhile, before receiving a reply about my ring, I received an invoice for £340.00, which was taken off my credit card (three weeks after I checked out). This was all in ERROR. I had paid my bill on departure. Due to (once again) a system malfunction, they had taken another nights accommodation off my credit card. Absolutely appalled that they had retained my credit card details and charged it without my knowledge. Since then there has been endless calls to the hotel and manager expressing dissatisfaction with their service, yet not one gesture of goodwill has been made except some rather lame apologies from about a million members of staff (NOT the manager). And still no ring. I know it's considered wonderful that The Dorchester has 3 members of staff per guest, however it means that maintaining a complaint with them is next to impossible.I am supposed to be visiting there later this year for another reunion, but I'm loathe to do so, despite how wonderful a time I had there in May. Considering the cost of staying at The Dorchester compared with other 5* hotels in London, it is appalling how bad their service is.	
Mar 25 2005 	My Favorite Hotel in the World	How else to say it? The Dorchester is my favorite hotel in the world. It combines beauty, elegance, and outstanding service with a surprisingly friendly and unpretentious attitude. Whenever I arrive, I am welcomed as a repeat visitor, both at the front desk and with a note from the manager (and fruits and sweets) in my room. On the rare occasion when something is amiss, they simply take care of the problem with good cheer. To cite just one example, on one trip my television went on the fritz. When they determined that it would take a little while to fix it, they offered to move me to a suite. When I demurred on the grounds that moving my things probably wasn't worth the troubles, they offered to buy me a drink in the (very fun) bar and relocate all of my possessions to precisely the same spot, drawer, nightstand, etc. in the new room, which they did. Beyond the great service, it's in a wonderful location near Hyde Park and Mayfair; the rooms are beautifully furnished in classic English style; the bathrooms are elegant and spotless; it has excellent restaurants; and it even has a good health club and excellent spa.	
Mar 15 2005 	Fabulous experience!	My husband and I stayed at The Dorchester Hotel February 24-27, 2005. We had wonderful experiences each day. The staff was totally helpful...making us feel like very special guests indeed! No request was denied. The food (especially the breakfast) was excellent. We especially loved the bar....music, interesting people-watching and great drinks! We stayed in the deluxe King room and we impressed with the fabulous linens, etc. The location in Mayfair is perfect for walking everywhere. Beautiful Hyde Park is right across the street and the flowers are beginning to bloom!	
Mar 5 2005	Service beyond expected	I would like to share this story as an example of the wonderful service at the Dorchester. At about 2AM on our first night my wife and I were awakened by sounds above our room. It was as though someone was dragging something across the floor and dropping it periodically. This lasted possibly ten minutes and stopped. On the second night, we were again awakened by the same sound at a similar time. I called the office slightly after 2AM to report the noise... perhaps they could ask the people in the room above to be a bit quieter. After a brief pause, the manager came to the phone. &quot;There is no one in the room above you.&quot; He asked if we could meet him in the hall outside our room in a few minutes. Within 5 minutes he was there with two people who moved us to a new room at 2:30 in the morning. The room was a VERY high priced suite and absolutely gorgeous. There were no additional charges for the upgrade for the remainder of our 6 day stay. We had asked for none of this and will never forget how well we were treated at one of the greatest hotels in the world.	
Feb 25 2005	Gorgeous decor fantastic knowledgeable staff	My friend and I popped into the hotel bar for a cocktails. The service was wonderful (and at £11 per drink you would hope so!) and the cocktails were lovely. We were served lots of nice nibbles (aka snacks) and a lounge singer and piano player performed.As we were leaving, I asked the concierge which tube station was the closest. He asked me which line I needed, and he was able to tell me which station (to save me changing tube lines)I was impressed all around.	
Jan 28 2005	A magical experience		
Jan 10 2005	Close to perfection.		
Oct 18 2004	thanks debbie for showing us the real london		
Jul 30 2004	A very special hotel indeed		
Jun 23 2004	Top Quality top service		
Jun 15 2004	luxury abounds		
Jan 11 2004	The Dorchester Hotel London 'The Leading Hotels of the World'		
Nov 3 2003	Experience Royal Treatment !		
May 1 2003	Luxurious escapism		
Mar 30 2003	Amazing		
Oct 28 2009 	Londres quero voltar		
Sep 28 2009 	??????????		
Sep 8 2009 	Große Klasse		
Aug 21 2009 	Pas mal...		
Oct 2 2006 	Exceptionnel		
