	Great hotel great location lacking on breakfast"	I went there with a group from school and it was a really nice experience. The rooms where really nice and everything was to our service. Local pubs and restaurants around the hotel made the stay even better. But from a grade 1-10, 10 being the best and 1 the worst, the breakfast buffet at the hotel was like a 6. After the first day eating there, the following morning all I ate was toast and coffee. The food overral wasnt that good, but besides that a very beutiful hotel.	
Nov 24 2009 	Recommending the Russell	Gorgous age of elegance hotel in the heart of the City. Superb service and lovely room . I had a gorgous breakfast and the staff were freindyly and efficient. All in all ... highly recommended.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great value great location Hotel in London	Read the Trip Advisor reviews before we went and we were a bit worried as they were very mixed, however, hotel was absolutely fine. Got rooms on 2nd floor next to a Generator so we asked to change and this was no problem and we were even upgraded at no cost. Rooms have been refurbished recently and very fresh, no issues re cleanliness. Reception staff very good as was Concierge. 2 mins from underground and on main Piccadilly line which was perfect for getting around!!Only downside was the queue for breakfast both getting into the Dining Room and getting food was far too long, waited 15 mins in a queue to get breakfast food once we were in Dining Room!!!Excellent value for money.	
Nov 21 2009 	Dirty Room and Shower	My husband and myself stayed in the Russell Hotel, Russell Square for 2 nights in August, as we were going to a show in the O2.On arrival in our room, we found it to be looking over a very large piece of machinery, which we presummed to be part of the air condtioning etc which was very noisey. It filled the central courtyard are of the hotel.In the bathroom, which was tiny, there were hairs from previous occupants in the shower and around the toilet. It was pretty much possible to use the toilet and wash your hands at the same time. In the shower the shower head was dirty, the shower mat was black on the underside with mould - but it had been thoughtfully been wrapped up in a wide &quot;band&quot; by the hotel. The top of the mat also had black mould on it.The shower door would not stay shut unless you had your foot against it.In the bedroom the dust was so thick on the light fittings and tops of units that it was clearly visible and one bedside light was hanging by just the wires.On our second day back at the hotel in the afternoon, we arrived quite late (around 3.30pm) to find the the room was untouched and our maid showed up sometime later to see if we wanted the room done. We did not bother as we had no intention of going out for a while.The room was so dirty, that we asked the head of House Keeping to come up and we presented her with the shower mat and took her on a tour of the problem areas. She advised us that she would get rid of the mat immediately.The chairs in the dining room were so old that the base cushion had practically disappreared ,so if you sat in the chair for too long you got a dead leg from the pressure of the chair frame.On the whole the hotel is in a good location with easy access to the Underground etc but I will never recommend this hotel to friends, family or clients, I am afraid.Having stayed in a lot of hotels I have never come across such poor standards of cleanliness.	
Nov 20 2009	A very comfortable hotel	The hotel was pricey but very comfortable. Staff looked after you well. Breakfast was pleasant once you got in there after all the queueing.	
Nov 17 2009 	expensive hotel poor service	Stayed at this hotel over the weekend with a late deal on price. Great location and a grand foyer but this is where the positives end. Slow check in with bored looking staff. For what is normally a very expensive room, shabby decor and basic amenities- just about enough tea/coffee/milk in plastic tubes for two and drinking glasses were those from the bathroom, condensation dripping from the windows. Our room faced the back and are not soundproofed and so any late night noise (nearby pub) was heard. The final straw was waking up on Sunday morning to no cold water throughout the hotel- no washing/toilet facilities as a result! This was a problem resulting outside the hotel, but kind of notice in reception from the duty manager offering an apology for &quot;circumstances beyond their control&quot; would have been welcome, again the reception staff appeared disinterested when we tried to obain more information. I have stayed at the MacDonald Hotel in Manchester and the Ambassadors in Bloomsbury (very close by) these are all 4 star hotels but no comparrison- the facilities and service at these hotels are far superior. I won't be returning.	
Nov 16 2009 	Avoid this Hotel if you can...	I was obliged to stay at this Hotel for four nights (although I left after three) due to attending a Conference here. I stayed with five colleagues and we all checked in together. Five minutes after checking in, four of us were standing in reception requesting a change of room. I didn't even bother walking into my first room as it was difficult to open the door fully against the single bed - it was the smallest room I had seen in a hotel for years. It was also very gloomy and had a nice view of a wall out of the single dirty window.After a very long 'discussion' with the Reception Manager I was given another room. This larger room could just be classified a small double. The room was very tired and had no drawer space but it did have a fairly large but totally empty fridge – useful I thought for....?The room was fairly grubby – windows that didn’t close, very old TV with 5 channels and a bathroom that I could touch all four walls simultaneously when standing in the middle of it. The iron had black sticky residue on the bottom which immediately transferred itself to my shirt... I think you get the picture.I believe there are some rooms in this Hotel that have been refurbished however maybe we caught them at a bad time but there always seemed like queues at the Reception and at the Bar which was also frustrating. I suppose the cooked breakfast was ok but the fruit appeared to be tinned and past its best. It’s difficult to find a redeeming feature for this Hotel and for me to find something positive to say... Oh, yes – I’ll never be staying there again!!! Four Star – I don’t think so!!!	
Nov 13 2009 	Very nice hotel not to expensive .	This hotel looks like a museum or church from the outside and the interior is old but elegant. The room I got was small but very clean with a nice large bath. The hotel is right around the corner from the Russell Square tube stop....so travel is quick and convenient for all of London.There are plenty of dining options around the hotel, with a Pret a Manger and a Tesco right next door for those on a budget. The only negative for me is that the hotel is not more centrally located...other than that if you have a chance to stay here and you get a decent rate, you won't regret staying here!.	
Nov 10 2009 	What a pleasant surprise	My room was only £100 less than a travelodge in London so wasn't expecting much, so what a pleasant surprise a lovely spacious room, great bathroom with bath not just shower. It was really clean, friendly service, efficient check in and easily walkable to lots of attractions including shops and British Museum and right next door to the tube.	
Nov 10 2009 	Poor for business	I stayed at Russell hotel for 4 nights combined business and pleasure. I found the room old and in need of restoration and the breakfast &quot;English&quot; in the worst sense, overcooked and bland.The hotel does not have wifi in the rooms but charges guests £0.5 a minute. I ended up with a bill of £50 for just checking emails over the 4 days. When traveling on business a reliable and reasonably priced wifi connection is a must for a hotel. Quite a few hotels around the world are now catching on to the idea of free wifi, since internet connectivity is not an extra service when you stay at a hotel. It is as essential as water in the taps. Quite frankly £50 for 4 days of emailing being forced to use an ethernet cable is a joke. I will not be returning to Russel Hotel and would advice people traveling on business to look around for better options.	
Nov 3 2009 	Overpriced - and tired	The Russell Hotel is a great building from the outside. But inside, it shows its age. Rooms are comfortable, but overheated in winter, and can be quite noisy as many have only old single glazing. My room faced into the internal courtyard, but was noisy all night due to (I think) the plumbing, and a lift (elevator) which had been built out into the courtyard. There are also large numbers of a/c fans humming away at ground level.Food is at best so-so; the breakfast would be fine in a £30 B&amp;B, but disappointing for a four star hotel. Tinned tomatoes, no bread (just a few rolls or toast), very limited fresh fruit. Beware the wi-fi access. It tells you how to connect in your room; it doesn't tell you there's a whopping £15 a day charge for doing so. And the room service (which I didn't use) appears to be the most expensive I have ever seen.One unusual gripe - the in-room advice on fire escape routes was inadequate, just saying proceed to nearest exit. Which way is that???	
Nov 2 2009 	Could do better	Stayed here for a two night weekend visiting son at college so the location was perfect. Got a cheap rate with breakfast included via GTA but thank goodness- I would have been very disappointed if we were there for longer or at full rate! Check in was brisk and efficient once we'd located the reception area tucked away to the side of the entrance. First impressions were of faded glory - a very musty smell in the landings and corridors spoilt the impact of the beautiful foyer and marble staircase. The usual tricky operation of an electronic door key meant a dozen tries before the room door opened.The double bedroom was small even by London standards and at first floor level looking onto Bernard Street. No double glazing meant a lot of noise from the street into the early hours which then re-started 6.00 am onwards. No hooks in the room or bathroom to hang stuff on, the minibar was empty, the safety deposit box was out of service, there was a duff lamp above the washbasin, the room lights could not be switched off independently of the master switch, the bed was very short even for me at 5'7&quot;, the heated towel rail in the bathroom (the only source of heat in the room) was permanently off. I'm sure that some of these faults could have been fixed quickly if I'd reported them but when you're there on a short visit you don't want to spend time sorting everything out or demanding a room change and possibly being labelled a troublesome guest.Breakfast was very nice although the large numbers of staff didn't really seem interested in making things run smoothly, wandering round aimlessly rather than clearing tables. Shining exceptions on the staffing front were the barmen and the concierge staff who were friendly and helpful.This hotel is more 3-star quality and based on our experience you could do much better for the money in London. Maybe we were just unlucky with the room so we might try again as it was so convenient otherwise.	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfect stay... again!	We were in room 725, a renovated room. My husband &amp; I were there for the New England Patriots game at Wembly with his cousins. As we've been to London before &amp; stayed at the Russell, we recommended it to his cousins as it is (we believe) the best value in town. His uncle &amp; wife stayed at the Lansboro in Hyde Park as their wallets do not have a limit. Room 725, an executive double, was offered to us as we checked in early after our red eye flight as this was the only clean room at the time. We had booked a Superior Double. The room is contemporary &amp; had red mood lighting. This was fine, except when I needed to locate things in my suitcase. The big shower for two, was nice but it had a clog. We informed the cleaning lady &amp; she promised to let maintenance know (reception was always busy in the AM). No resolution. So we informed reception... it was resolved immediately then. Room warm but had A/C. It was facing inwards so the view was not ideal though vast but this is what we prefer than having street noise. The 2 cousins &amp; girlfriend enjoyed their stay too &amp; thanked us for the recommendation. They couldn't believe the value for the money and to be in the perfect location...and the Tube right next door. As usual, we absolutely love the old English bar room...	
Oct 29 2009 	Lovely hotel	Couldn't fault anything. Ideal location, friendly staff, clean and great food. We will return!	
Oct 28 2009 	Great location if you get a good deal.	The location was wonderful...close to both the tube and the train station. We got a good rate from a travelzoo.com deal, so the price was reasonable. The front desk was not as helpful or as friendly as many other places that we've stayed. Some of the interior features were very nice, but the room was dark and a little dated.	
Oct 28 2009 	Beautiful building but some aspects far from 4 star quality	Check-in was friendly but slow (not enough staff on duty).Bed was very comfortable but room had no natural light (entirely frosted glass); it was supposed to have an in-room safe but did not.Long slow queue to go into breakfast (I have never had this at a 4 star hotel - it was like being back in the school canteen!) - there was only one member of staff who was rushing backwards and forwards trying to seat people.Breakfast was very poor - I have had much better quality breakfasts in basic B&amp;Bs and budget hotels. There were no individual tea pots on tables; instead staff milled around with large pots - my tea was stewed and lukewarm and I was never offered any refills. The toast was cold. My table was laid with all knives (instead of knife and fork) and no salt and pepper. The hot buffet had run out of several items. And so on. I felt sorry for the staff - the processes in the dining room at breakfast clearly need a radical rethink to bring the standard up to 4 star. Considering the room cost nearly £200, the breakfast I had was very poor value for money.	
Oct 25 2009 	Elegant. Good location.	To start, we were fortunate to be upgraded to a suite, Sweet! The room was generous in size, with 2 bathrooms. Since we were in the hotel for 4 nights, the extra space was much appreciated. Aside from the upgrade, the hotel was elegant, employees were very helpful and the location was convenient to bus, tube and St Pancras train station. The room was very quiet and we slept well. Bloomsbury is a lovely neighborhood.. It was a bit pricey, but we wanted to splurge and we weren't disappointed. We didn't eat in the hotel, so we have no comments there. There were plentiful restaurants nearby, more reasonably priced. I would stay there again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Good but I had a suite	Looking at the other reviews I think I did well staying in a suite here.Hotel is located just less than 10 minutes walk from Euston in a reasonable location.Swift check-in, suite was lovely. Shame about the traffic noise but it was not horrendous. The food in the restaurant was good but the service was very slow. Sat down and told them we were on tight timescales as had theatre tickets, it took an hour to get a main out and they charged us for the sweet we didnt even get. Had to run and still missed curtain up. Breakfast wasnt as problematic but it was a buffet so no issue with service.As it was business I am not sure of the cost but looking at other reviews I suspect overpriced.	
Oct 23 2009 	Past the best	Great location but needs to invest in a makeover - especially as some rooms have no double glazing !!!Cost are high given the conditions - staff nice but let down by the building that must be just coping with modern expectation. Oh and please wireless should be available and 'free'.	
Oct 18 2009 	Find another hotel - there are plenty in and around the square that are much better.	A terrible hotel that should be ashamed of itself. Once out of the very grand public areas, the hotel goes rapidly down hill. I wouldn't mind so much is if wasn't grossly over priced, but with shabby rooms, ridiculously small bathrooms, no double glazing or secondary glazing meaning the rooms are noisy - there are plenty of much better hotels where I would suggest you stay. In terms of location, its reasonably ok. Within walking distance of Covent Garden (10 minutes), Oxford Street, (10 minutes), St Pancras / Kings Cross Station (20 Minutes), Soho, (20 Minutes) - MANY other cheaper hotels are also well located!!!	
Oct 16 2009 	OK but nothing exciting	Stayed for one night on business as the Radisson where I usually stay was fully booked. The room appeared to have been re-furbished and was clean but old fashioned in design. The air con was extremely noisy and the control panel on the wall was not working. I was not impressed by reception. I warned them that I was expecting a parcel but they failed to tell me that it had arrived and were reluctant on check out to check for me. It turned out that it had been delivered the previous evening and noone had bothered to tell me.Breakfast was OK but service of coffee/ tea was slow.In summary I would not turn down this hotel but would certainly not request it. I much preferred my stay the previous evening at the Radisson Grafton	
Oct 14 2009 	I saw a RAT in the breakfast hall!	I checked out of the hotel yesterday morning and was there for a training course. It was the first time I have visited this hotel.Before I checked out I went downstairs to have breakfast. I sat by myself facing the side of the hall where a few tables were lined up. Displayed on these tables were the soft drinks including the tea and coffee and the cereals.As I was about to take a sip of the orange juice I had just got when I saw a RAT running along the floor close to the table.The breakfast dining hall wall full of people and it was about 8.30am.I immediatly got up and ran away stunned!I told the attendant at the helpdesk and she asked me to write a complaint letter and send it in but did not do anything herself that I could see.If this is supposed to be a 5* hotel then this is completely unacceptable!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great hotel and fab location!	Stayed in the Russell Hotel, Russell Square, for 2 nights. It is a gorgeous hotel in a great location, right next to the underground and about 10/15 minutes walk from Shaftesbury area. Hotel staff helpful and room very clean. The room wasn't massive but what do you need for 2 people!! The bathroom was big and clean. Breakfast was very nice and lots to choose from and the good thing was that they served it until 12 noon on Sunday!!! Definitely stay there again and recommend it.	
Oct 13 2009 	Where did these people stay	We are just back from an amazing weekend in London staying at the Hotel Russell. I had just read Trip Advisor the night before we left and was worried about the mixed reaction regarding the hotel. To say that i was pleased when we arrived is an understatement. We arrived at the hotel at 8.30am to check in our luggage only to be told that we could have a room immediately which was traditionally furnished and not refurnished yet or if we wanted to wait a couple of hours we could have the refurbished room, needless to say we waited and our room was lovely. The staff were excellent and the breakfast was amazing. We had stayed at the Marriott Kennsington a few months ago and Hotel Russell is definately a superior hotel. I just don't understand where everyone else stayed because it certainyl doesn't seem to be the same hotel we stayed in. We are planning to go back again before the end of the year.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not worth the money	The room faced an air shaft and the windows were opaque and did not open. I had to call the desk to find out if it was raining. No desk lamp and the ceiling light was inadequate for desk work. They claimed they had no lamps but would 'upgrade&quot; us to a brighter room for anothe 20 quid a night. Breakfast was hideously expensive, we ate donots from the Tesco across the street. A disappointment in all departments.	
Oct 3 2009 	Not as good as it seems	For a long weekend away my mother and me spent three nights in the hotel. Room was small but rather ok, the chair in the room was ancient, beds good, bathroom horrible fungus behind the tap in the bath. Complaint and requested for cleaning but to no good. Absolutely no warning about the GBP 2.5 credit card charge. Complaint about that, but receptionist told me it was due to the fact that credit companies charge them. A management decision. Well maybe they can use the GBP 2.5 they charge most guests to replace the furniture in the rooms and get the rooms cleaned properly.	
Sep 30 2009 	Absolutely disgusting they should be ashamed of this hotel	Staying on the 29th Sept 2009 Staying for one evening due to a over run at work, found this hotel via bookings .com £125 reduced from £369.00, reviews were mixed but the hotel was in a good location. I was checked in fast enough with the staff quite helpful, given room 628 on the sixth floor... well i was shocked, i stay in Hotels all over the uk and europe with work, but was shocked to see the run down old smelly room i was given. Im sat here now fumming only still in the room as currently watching the football the the tiny old telly. i've been scraching since i've been in here, there is paint falling off the walls and door frames the bath room has no window and looks like a public toliet, tiny and filthyInternet access is 15 pounds !!!! I really would like to say something nice about this hotel but sadly from the moment you enter you will regreat it. STAY AWAY trust me	
Sep 30 2009 	long london weekend	stayed here for 4 nights over the august bank holiday,came to london for the rugby final at wembley and to take in a show.on arrival we were greeted by reception and allocated our rooms in no time ,the first impression of the hotel is very good as the frontage is impressive the public rooms have all been recentely refurbed,our room was of a good size although the outlook was poor,staff in the bar and restaurant very freindley,breakfast was very well organised although the hotel was full you never waited,the food was excellent and had plenty of variety. the hotel is sitiated next to russell square tube so all london is easily accessible ,i would strongley recomend this hotel to all types.	
Sep 25 2009 	An Expensive "OK" Hotel	Check in was fine and helpful, I had a small suite on the top floor, very comfortable.dinner in the hotel was ok but pricey not a great deal of choice,Breakfast had most things on show but I rate it only 3/5, and get there early... Check out........ well very odd I did not see the signs warning about the £2.50 charge for credit card use when I checked in but they were very evident on my departure !discovered the shower control handle was designed for Mr universe once I had got in to it !, all 3 people in my lift had the same issue on my morning of departure, perhaps a lesson for me .	
Sep 25 2009 	Frustrating start...	My boyfriend and I arrived at the Russel after a long day of travel from the States. We had booked the Russel online, and had prepaid for our room. Upon arrival we were told that &quot;there were no rooms&quot; which as we had already paid for our room was not acceptable. Eventually a manager was found and we were put in an &quot;old room&quot; which had a lovely bathroom but the room itself had some wear and tear. The manager offered to buy us some drinks at the bar to make up for the inconvenience, however there was a large party going on so we went elsewhere. The next day we were switched to our proper room which was wonderful and beautiful, I only wish we could have spent both nights there! The staircase going upstairs is very beautiful as are the huge chandeliers.I would stay here again, however I would make sure to tell them this story to make sure that they actually reserve our room next time!	
Sep 23 2009	Happy Canadian Ladies	Our tour group of 12 Canadian Ladies stayed at this hotel from Sept. 12 - 16. The hotel was totally accommodating in every way. The foyer is beautiful and elegant. When I got to my room, I was a little surprized at how small it was but -- what the heck -- I'm not in Canada anymore. I had been told the rooms in UK and Europe were going to be small so I easliy adjusted. I was also initially disappointed that my room looked into the courtyard -- no grass -- just mechanism for the hotel -- but in the end, it was a complete blessing because it was totally quiet and I slept like a baby. Our entire group raved about how comfortable and cozy the beds were. The bathrooms were huge and spotless. The plumbing was obviously recently updated as the showerhead was state of the art and the water was as hot as I could stand it. The breakfast room (and marble staircase in foyer) was designed by the same man who designed the dining room and grand staircase on the Titanic! Breakfast was an elegant affair in a beautiful setting and lovely soft music playing. The food staff were attentive and efficient. We did not eat any other meals at the hotel but there are many resonably priced restaurants / bars nearby. The Russell Square Tube station is 1/4 of a block away. It whisks you anywhere you want to go in London. I felt safe in this area and like a Princess staying at this hotel. Thank you Hotel Russell for everything you did for the Voyages Millefleurs Canadian Ladies Tour Group!	
Sep 21 2009 	Can do much better	This hotel was booked by me by someone else and they've obviously never stayed there themselves. Tiny room, three attempts to get my room key to work, gloomy staff, gloomy decor and seriously expensive compared to others in the same part of town. Still using tiny 10&quot; portable tv's in the rooms (mine was broken and they refused to fix it or move me) rather than flat screens as are common across this kind of hotel in london - that kind of sums it up: no doubt popular with tour operators but needing to catch up with their peers	
Sep 18 2009 	RUDE	To pay 256 £ a night and not even have internett on the room.. when asking for internett i was regarded a trouble maker.. the worst kind of service have ever encountered.. Stay away.It must have been a very nice hotel once.. but not anymore.	
Sep 12 2009 	2 different stays 2 different experience	Stayed here at the Russell Hotel and had two different experiences. First time I've stayed there the front desk was fantastic. A big smile and a friendly welcome and tried to assist me in every way possible. The room was big, air con was good and a very quiet room. The second time we stayed here the concierge was terrible. There are a few steps up to the entrance. The concierge was standing right at the entrance. He saw me and a friend pulling our suitcase up the stairs very slowly and he just stood there offering no assistance at all. Didn't bother to open the doors for us too so I query why is there a concierge at the hotel when he does absolutely nothing but just standing and staring. The front desk this time wasn't very friendly and initially said they can't give me a twin bed room because I didn't book for it. However on the booking confirmation printout I brought along with me, clearly reads 2 twin beds required. So therefore 2 stays with 2 very different experiences. I guess it just depends on who is working at the hotel on the day you arrive/depart. The location is very good, literally right next door to the Russell Sq tube station. Rates are quite reasonable for a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 3 2009 	brilliant weekend stay	greta location just around the corner from russell square tubecentral for all touristy spots , theatre, shopping and museumsstaff,food and room in hotel all of high standard	
Sep 2 2009 	Ideal location good hotel but management needs to review some of it practices	We stayed here on the 'Shopping Package' from www.booking.com, an excellent deal that covered 2 nights B&amp;B, a £20 voucher for Harrods and two complimentary glasses of champagne. The receptionist gave us the voucher on check-in but we had to question her a second time about the champagne, if we hadn't pursued it with her we'd never have got them... The room was situated at the back of the hotel was large (for a London hotel) and we had a fab view out over the city but the air conditioning unit was fairly antique and loud but it was vital to have it running as the room was quiet hot. The bed was really comfy and the hot breakfast was very good.There is a charge of £4 for 20mins internet usage for the computers provided on the ground floor. I paid by credit card (&amp; was charged £2.50 for the privilege) but the receptionist put the charge through in Euros on my card without being asked, when I questioned her she said as I had a Euro Visa card she charged in Euros instead of Sterling. When I checked later I had been charged at an exchange rate of 1.19 instead of 1.09 which was the rate on the day... This added an extra €30 more on the bill - insist you are charged in sterling - this exchange rate was robbery.We left our cases with the concierge after checking out as our flight wasn't until the evening, when we went to collect them the porter led us into the room where all the cases were held and told us to take ours, he never checked the docket we had been given earlier. We took our cases but could have taken any ones we wanted...	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice hotel...Good location	We stayed at the Russell Hotel for 2 nights in a regular room, I was given the option to up grade but at £60 extra thought it was a bit pointless just for a bigger bed! The room however was slightly on the small side but it served it's purpose...no-one wants to stay in there hotel room long when your in London anyway! The bed was really comfortable and the bathroom was a decent size. The only down side was the lighting or should I say lack of it!! The windows were totally frosted so didn't let in any natural light... I did have a bit of a nightmare getting ready in the room! The hotel lobby is really nice with a lovely big marble staircase. We only went for breakfast one morning, it was nice but nothing special. The little cafe's dotted around London were much better for breakfast. The hotel is in a lovely location across from Russell Square and only about 10 mins walk from the train station (45 mins for us though because we got totally lost) Oxford street is only 10 mins walk away as well, and the shops are fabI would recomend Axis restaurant in One Aldwych Hotel, the food was gorgeous and staff lovely. Also Dirty Martini in Covent Garden it' cute little cocktail bar I would probably stay in the Russell again but the lack of lighting may put me off for a future visit!!	
Aug 30 2009 	4 stars yes but a lot to improve and to think about for the management !!!	I travel a lot as you can see from my profile and I was surprised because of the following negative points:- NO WIFI IN ROOMS (only internet with wire)????? is this acceptable in 2009 for a 4 star hotel?? I definitely do not think so !- NO MINIBAR (at least in my room)- THIN WINDOWS (so if you are noise sensitive, not the best place as you will hear all the trafic outside)- ADDITIONAL GBP 2.50 ADDED TO YOU BILL IF YOU PAY VIA CREDIT CARD??????(also not very professional, considering that I booked a few months ago and that they implemented this new rule in August). Basically the 3 stars rating I have put here, is for the location, cleanliness, reception and rooms.Personnally I would think twice before recommanding this hotel to a friend or only if you get a very good rate (as I did)	
Aug 28 2009 	Quiet rooms. Well situated.	I stayed at the Russell briefly while on a business trip to London luckily work was paying :-) so I cant really comment on value for money.The rooms were clean, comfortable and quiet. The Aircon was a god send as London was HOT that evening! The only downside was that there was a sizable queue for breakfast as the dining room is a little on the small side considering the apparently endless amount of guests.2 minutes from Kings X, I'd reccomend it for short stays and ideal for those on business in Central London.	
Aug 27 2009 	Only order through the hotel direct reseravtion chanels!	Been at the hotel from August 21 to the 24. the room was ordered thrugh an agency that could not guranty that we will get a renovated room. Upon arriving to the hotel, the receptionist said that &quot;if you book throgh an agency or a web site other then that of the hotel you get a refurbished room. we keep the renovated rooms for guests that ordered thrugh the hotel reservation system only&quot;. so we got an old room, not before we were offered to upgrade to a suite for 40 pounds a night, an offer we have declined.The room was very disappointing, the air condition was noisy, the room faced the inner yard of the hotter which is full with noisy air-condition units so we could not open the window.We have decided to wait till morning and complain. it was comforting to see the management decision - it took them two minutes to confirm a move to a renovated room, with no extra charge or the slightest argument.If the hotel had a gym and a swiming pool it could be perfect, but other then that and the first night inconvenience I can certainly recomend the Russell hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	should be 5 star no complaints !	Stayed here on the 21st of august 09 for two nights.Our personal experiance was fantastic. The staff were very friendly and polite and helpfull, the cleanliness of the rooms was second to none ! Breakfast was nice with plenty to choose from to suit all tastes, beautiful victorian hotel, would stay again. :)	
Aug 21 2009 	Great location easy access to all London's attractions	Booked this hotel at a great discount price with GTA booking site. The Russell is a old grand hotel, service at the reception was very efficient , and we were allowed to check in three hours in advance. Itssituated just around the corner from the tube station, many bus stops are also nearby, It provided a cheap and safe way of transport to the theatre shows. I would have to give special thanks to the assistant manager, who, when we tried to check in on line for our departure was very helpful and went out of his way to ensure that we recieved appropriate documentation.	
Aug 18 2009 	Another Great Stay at The Russell	This was my fourth time at the Russell, I really counld,nt imagine staying anywhere else.It was my friends first time in London and I wanted to make sure that she had a great time. We had booked a weekend break through Superbreak, I could'nt believe what a great deal we got.Three nights b&amp;b, theatre tickets for Sister Act, tickets for the London bus tour which included a river curise and standard return rail tickets Glasgow to London.We had booked a twin room and when booking in were asked if we would like a single room each for no extra cost, but we declined this. Our room was smaller than usual as it was a standard room however it did not lack in another way. Housekeeping where on the ball and we even had fresh bedding on our second last hight.The breakfast was as usual plentyful we always came away stuffed which set us up for the day we never ate until dinner any of the days.The Russell has a great location right on Russell Square, the tube station is just round the corner to your right as you exit the hotel,( when I come to London I usually get an all day ticket but this time we got the Oyster Card which had been charge with £10 before we went, for us it anyway, it was not as good as they make out if your jumping on and off the tube for all the different sights and shopping, you really have to be carefull and make sure that you swipe your ticket properly when you exit the tube or it will charge you £4 instead of £1.60 we had to top up twice, at the end up we bought an all day ticket a lot better for your money we thought.Also as you exit the hotel and to your right there is the bus tour pickup, for both of the main bus tours of London. Straight ahead as you exit the hotel a 10-15 minute walk will take you to the British Museum.This hotel ticks all the right boxes comfort, location and friendly staff, i'll be back again next year.	
Aug 10 2009 	Definitely not four star service.	I stayed at this hotel between the 7th and 9th 0f August and although our room was clean and presentable, the standard of service was poor.First of all the bar staff had a poor understanding of English, - this led to us being served the wrong drinks twice. Then the lack of communication between them led to them attempting to charge us twice for the same drinks. The standard of beer in the bar was also poor; - They serve Stella Artois and Leffe. These both tasted of detergent, the Leffe being so bad that I had to send it back and refuse to drink it. The barman then argued with me that this is how it should taste, despite me informing him that I drink this back in my local pub in Somerset, so I know what it should taste like. - What does it take to flush pipes through so they are clean and detergent free?!We ordered an evening meal in the restaraunt and upon arrival were surprised that only one other couple were in the restaraunt with us. - We soon found out why! We were expecting a 'four star' dining experience, but instead were presented with the lunch menu, which included a choice of paninis and bagels, etc. When we inquired of the waitress she said they were currently unable to provide a dinner menu. - Why had we not been informed of this when we booked? We left and found a restaurant close by. A 25th wedding anniversary trip to London, which was ruined by a hotel in a shambles.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great place to stay to tour London	Stayed recently to bring my wife and son to London to tour around. Great base to work out of, as hotel near Russell Square tube station on Picadilly Line. Able to take the tube in 5 minutes to Picadilly Circus and 50 mintues to Heathrow. The hotel is a nice area, with a great pub near by. The hotel is one tube stop from Kings Cross (or a 10 minute walk). Easy buses to Traflgar Square in 10 - 15 minutes. You can walk this if you were inclined.There is a great English breakfast buffet at the hotel, which was included in our room. Only drawback was that there was no fridge in the room (although looked like there had been) and they charged you for newspapers if delivered to your room (although they were free in the lobby). I was not told there was a charge until check out, so do not get papers sent to your room.I recommend this for a great place to base touring London	
Aug 6 2009 	breakfast fantastic great location. would recommend room upgrade!	arrived on a friday morning, was greeted by very friendly staff. we upgraded our room at the desk for only 20 pounds. hotel was spotless, food fantastic and the most comfortable bed in history.tube station just around corner.battery going now on laptop so have to stop writing. will def stay here again. just charged battery now, sitting here now relaxing thinking about our stay and we would absolutley love to go back to london. the only downfall in the hotel maybe that the drinks are pricey but it would not stop us from going again and staying at hotel russell. the upgraded room is a def must if the offer is available! i would also recommend visiting a broadway show, we seen billy elliot and it was fantastic!enjoy ur stay!!x	
Aug 5 2009	Beautiful hotel but it breaks my heart to say they cheated me!!!	I don't care if I leave my name here because if the hotel reads this I WANT them to know who I am. My name is Joseph Chen and I stayed in the Russell Hotel from July 24 to July 29. I generally don't complain unless I really really feel it is necessary (i've never left a review on this site but use it often for travel plans). I generally give people the benefit of the doubt. However, I feel a responsibility to tell others here what happened to me. I was traveling with my brother and booked this hotel due to its excellent location near Russell Square and within walking distance to some of the major sights (British Museum, British Library), with a moderate walk to Soho/Picadilly Square to enjoy the nightlife. These things did prove to be true. I was very apprehensive about the hotel after some of the reviews I read on here about the bad plumbing and water pressure, but as long as I made sure to get a room that had been renovated, I felt I would be ok. However, no matter what the quality of the room, there is no excuse for what happened to me. When I booked the room, I requested that we have a standard twin room, since we are brothers and generally don't like sleeping in the same bed. I booked through Central.com and though there was no way to specifically click on a twin room, I requested this in the &quot;additional requests&quot; section and booked way ahead of time. I knew the hotel had twin rooms by their pictures, so I specifically requested this in the comments--I felt a luxury hotel of their caliber should be able to accomodate my request since I booked far ahead of time--after all, when I did the same thing at a hotel in amsterdam, they did this. When I arrived, I was greeted by a very very rude receptionist who told me that I had only booked a &quot;standard double&quot; and that if I wanted a twin room I would have to pay an extra 20 pounds a night. I questioned this, asking if a standard double and twin room was the same price. The rude receptionist specifically told me they were DIFFERENT prices and that the twin room was 20 pounds more. I told her Central.com did not mention this and that I have NEVER heard of a twin room being more expensive than a standard double. She insisted that on their own website, these prices are clearly marked, and made me feel like it was MY FAULT for not checking things out fully. Because of this, and not wanting to sleep in the same bed as my brother for 5 nights, I signed a paper for an &quot;upgrade&quot; of 20 pounds extra a night to get separate beds. The room itself was nice so I didn't complain further. When I went to check out, a different receptionist verified with me that I had requested the &quot;upgraded&quot; twin room before she made the charges. I told her that I thought it was very irregular that a twin room was more expensive than the standard double. She then told me that actually, the standard twin room and standard double room were exactly the same price, but that I had decided to upgrade to a larger twin room (the ambassador twin room). This WAS NOT what I was told by the receptionist initially, and I felt completely cheated and duped into paying 20 pounds extra per night (amounting to an extra 20 pounds which is almost 170 US dollars) since I was under the impression that I had no choice as the initial receptionist told me that standard twin rooms were more expensive. I voiced this to the check out receptionist--in her defense, she did take 20 pounds off my total price, and told me she would speak to the manager about this and call me. She took down my cell phone. I never ever received a call about this, and a couple of days ago, I checked my credit card and I was charged the total price of the upgraded room! Now, either the initial receptionist had no idea what the prices of the rooms were, OR she had horrible customer service since she should have realized that I meant to get a twin room all along and should have done everything she could to accomodate, OR even worse, they purposely tried to cheat me to pay 20 pounds extra per night. Either way, this is horrible service and I think they deserve what a review like this will do to their reputation. Beware of them guys! There are many options for hotels in London so it shouldn't be hard to find one that at least won't cheat you out of 100 pounds!	
Aug 4 2009 	Good Location- BAD Service	Great cab ride to hotel--wonderful, welcoming driver for our first trip to UK. Impressive looking hotel. After finding room wayyy too small, decided to upgrade for 20 pounds more. It really was worth it--much larger room with great view of park. Location is great- tube around corner, grocery store, laundry mat and erestaurants close, as is British Museum.Service is terrible, especially Concierge and staff at restaurant. They are either very rude or completely clueless.	
Aug 4 2009 	What a pleasure	We stayed on july 25th then again on our return 01st August. The hotel overlooks Russell Square. The rooms were great especially the suites. The staff were great especially Mark who was in charge of the resturants and dining. The food was great, and nothing was too much trouble. We hope to stay again in the near future.	
Aug 2 2009 	very poor service	You will pay lots of money here but receive very poor services! here are two of my experiences: First, for a urgent problem in the room's &quot;safe box&quot; I was told that the maintenance will be there after an hour.The second was that the air conditioner was not working and after my cal, I was told that &quot;Yes, the AC is defected and needs to be repaired which is impossible now. we can bring you a portable fan&quot;!!!Despite their knowledge that the AC and the safe box were impaired, I was checked in the room and enjoyed a hot summer night with a portable fan!!!	
Jul 29 2009 	Stay away.	I stayed a night in a single room at this 4 star hotel.The room was comfortable but small with a single bed against the wall. The bathroom was tiny. The rubbish bin had not been emptied.I should have expected the worst on check-in when their record of my prepayment was incorrect. This recurred in the morning on check-out.I made the mistake of having dinner here. There were only 4 other people in the huge restaurant while I was eating there - between 8.00 and 9.00 pm. The following morning it was packed for breakfast !I ordered chump of lamb with herbed mash, with chunky chips as a side order.The chips were cold, soft and inedible, obviously having been reheated - god knows how many times ! The mash had also been reheated and whoever had served it on the plate did not have the intelligence to remove the &quot;skin&quot;, but only stirred it and served it.Never again.	
Jul 25 2009 	Must be two hotels !	Having read some of the reviews before we booked I was apprehensive; however, we had an excellent six day stay. First of all we had booked a room with a large bed; we are both over six feet. The room was on the second floor and, by London standards, immense and overlooking the trees in Russell Square. The room was clean and with all the amenities one would expect. If other reviews are an indication, the hotel has obviously renovated some floors, or at least this one. The bathroom was on the small side but well equipped except for the lighting – recessed lighting was awful. Reception and concierge staff were friendly and competent. Bar was comfortably 'old world' but pricey with slow service. The restaurant on the other hand was a joy; we only had breakfast there. Continental and 'full English' were available at a well laid out and tended buffet. Table staff was excellent; remembering our tea and toast preferences after the second day. Close to Russell Square, tube station, around the corner. “Big Bus” tour has a stop across the road. British Museum is a short walk. Easy access to the West End. We will definitely stay again and recommend it to friends.	
Jul 24 2009 	Very nice decor great location poor service	I have stayed at the Russell Hotel when I have been on business travel to London. The hotel is beautiful on the outside and very modern on the inside. The rooms are a nice size, there are flat screen tvs, very comfortable mattresses and the bathrooms are spacious and very modern. Also, I really enjoyed the breakfast buffet that was provided, very tasty. The one draw back to my stay was the customer service. While dining at the hotel, the waitress spilled coffee on me. She didn't try to wipe it off, nor did was I offered complementary dry cleaning. I then requested to speak to the banquet manager and she said that there was nothing that she could do. I then had to escalate the issue to the hotel manager who hesitatingly offered complementary dry cleaning. The major issue was that it was the middle of winter and this was the only coat I had with me. The hotel staff just seemed to have no consideration for a problem that was created by them. Other than that one off instance, I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 23 2009 	Find somewhere else to stay	I am booked in to this hotel regularly because of a negotiated deal with my work. It never fails to disappoint despite looking really impressive on the outside. On this occaision my room smelled terible - musty and mouldy although I couldn't see any mould on the walls. However, when I turned the airconditioning on it became clear where the smell came from - water pouring from the aircon unit on to the carpet. I didn't bother to complain. I've tried before when I had no hot water in my room and it it pointless in this place.I made a mistake that I've made before of ordering breakfast in my room. I had forgotten the £10 tray charge on top of the £18.50 breakfast charge . The tray charge cost is in such small print on the order form you would never really see it. £10 is more expensive than most London hotels in my experience. I would have given all of this feedback to the hotel but their website provides no place for getting in touch.	
Jul 22 2009 	OK hotel but scary experience - not safe	OK hotel - great location. I have stayed here a few times with work and the rooms have been hit and miss - sometimes ncie decor sometimes very old and not as clean as previous stays. Good breakfast.However I wont be staying there again as I had a very scary experience. I came back late about 11.30pm and realised I didnt have any toothpaste so called recption to see if they had any. They said somebody would bring it up so I asked if they could leave it outside the bedroom door. Half an hour went by and nobdy came. I called again and they apologised and sent somebody up. By this time I was in bed. Somebody knocked on the door and I said &quot;ok just leave it outside&quot; they knocked again and I said it again.. next minute in walks a man standing over me with toothpaste. I froze and he left with the toothpaste. I had the latch on the door however it was an electronic one which clearly isnt safe. He then 10 seconds later came back in the room and threw the toothpaste on the floor and then left. A very scary experience for a girl on her own. I complained and they put me in a room with an actual latch not an electronic one and said they would investigate. Nobody came back to me since and I wont be staying there again.	
Jul 21 2009	Close to British Museum	Situated about 150 metres from the Underground station RussellSquare. When you come out of station turn left its the big building on the corner, entrance around the corner. You dont have to cross the street. An old hotel with lots of rooms. It was in pretty good condition. Our room 3rd floor was in back and therefore very quiet. Although room was small it was quite adequate, bathroom was modern, heated towelrack.Very handy to Holborn/Kingsway about 600 metres walk, and then on to Covent garden, or Lincoln Fields .Extremely handy to the underground especially with luggage.On Heathrow line.	
Jul 20 2009	Booked months in advance and they overbooked!	Title says it all really - booked the Rusell back in Jan for a birthday celebration and phoned the week before to check all was ok only to turn up on the day and find they had overbooked the hotel and was having to put us in another hotel. Not a difficult calculation to make really - number of rooms=no of people able to book. Just be warned you might end up booking this hotel and not staying there so pointless doing any research or preparation. To be fair we ended up in the Cavendish Hotel which was lovely but the Russell still shouldnt allow this to happen.	
Jul 18 2009 	Did we stay at the same hotel?	We arrived at about 10 am and were informed that our room was not yet ready but should be shortly. We left our bags with the concierge and ran errands for about an hour. The neighbourhood (Bloomsbury) is fabulous. Russell Square Tube is right around the corner as is a Tesco, Pret a Manager, newsstand, restaurants and pubs. A short walk will bring you to the Brunswick Centre which has many shops, a large Waitrose and decent chain restaurants with kitchens that stay open later than average for London (if you need to get a late bite). The site is also well-served by buses, is an easy walk to Euston/St. Pancras/Kings Cross. Russell Square itself is quite beautiful and has a small cafe.Upon our return to the hotel, our room was ready. It was far more spacious than I anticipated. There was a desk with a very comfortable chair (completely wired with international electrical outlets so we did not have to use our converter or our adapter), armchair, wardrobe with safe, small refrigerator and kettle with coffee, tea, hot chocolate and biscuits and a cupboard with small shelves and an ironing board, iron and blow dryer. We only used the air conditioning a couple of times but it was efficient and quiet.The bed was queen-sized and the most comfortable hotel bed that I have slept upon in years. It is dressed with a duvet and had 4 comfortable pillows.The bath was quite spacious and well-appointed. The towels were of lovely quality and the towel warmer a nice touch.The room was very clean, bright and had high ceilings. We were also lucky enough to have French doors that opened to a small Juliet-type balcony. Our room was a corner room at Woburn and Bernard. There was some occasional late night street noise with weekend revellers exiting the tube and there are ambulances that go by because of the proximity of hospitals. These detractions were not excessive or constant and we quickly acclimatized. The thick drapes baffled any sound. Our room rate included breakfast which is served in the lovely Fitzroy Doll Restaurant. We arrived for breakfast between 8 and 9 am each morning and did not ever have to queue up for a table – bit we did note others waiting as we left. The weekends, in particular, we found far busier at the hotel. Breakfast was buffet-style and consisted of two types of eggs, beans, mushroom, tomato, bacon and sausage, black pudding and a couple of types of potatoes. There was also cereal selections with nuts, raisins and dried fruit. The cold buffet had a couple of types of fruit salad, two yogurts, whole fruit, cheese and cold meats. There was orange and grapefruit juice as you wished and a pot of coffee, tea or cups of cappuccino or espresso were brought to your table along with a rack of toast. All in all, a lovely breakfast. We never once stopped for lunch as it was so filling. That being said, I don’t know if I would have eaten here had the breakfast not been included in the room rate. At £20 pp, I’m sure you could find an acceptable, albeit not as filling breakfast at Pret or the Russell Square Café.The bar was also nice, although we did noting more than look at the menu. The prices were not out of line with any other bar in London.There were two small problems. The fridge in the room never really cooled down to a level that we expected. We fiddled with the control and place any perishable (cheese, milk) near the ice box and all was fine. We awoke one weekend morning to find there was little hot water. Maintenance arrived shortly after we called and turned on the hot tap for the sink, shower and tub. Within 30 seconds we had hot water (I still don’t understand the mechanics behind it – when you are short on hot water, demand more and it appears – but it worked) There was one other time that the water was tepid. We tried the same technique and again, it worked so no complaints.Our hotel was not booked separately but was part of a holiday package through our airline. The total cost was very reasonable, so we feel we got extremely good value for money. It does seem though, from other reviews, that your level of satisfaction is a bit about the luck of the draw with your room – and we were lucky perhaps. Staff was pleasant and efficient and we have no complaints.We would return to the Hotel Russell.	
Jul 18 2009 	Seduce Package - Worth every penny!	Location is perfect as close to underground and only a mile away from the west end. We stayed here as we were seeing a show and it was perfect for a leisurely break with a hint of romance. We had a very modern room, which was decorated beautifully with very large bathroom and a view of the square. We booked the seduce package and as we booked online they also included a complimentary bottle of fizz with our strawberries and chocolates. Unfortunately the promised rose petals were nowhere to be seen but it didn't spoil our stay! We found the service excellent. We have stayed in many hotels and the breakfast is one of the best we have ever eaten. Gorgeous scrambled eggs!! Our only complaint is the price of the drinks in the bar are extortionate. 2 simple cocktails cost £17.50!!! Having said that we will be back next year, but will buy a bottle of wine in the tesco's down the street :) After reading some of the reviews would reccommend you upgrade your room as it is really worth it.	
Jul 13 2009 	Awful service!!	This hotel had a good location and was clean and pleasant. However the service was awful! I have paid half the price to stay in the same area and had much much better service.When i arrived i was told i had not booked breakfast or internet, even though i had and had a recite to prove it, they told me i would have to speak to the manager when i checked out!I then couldn't get the internet to work in the room, went to reception and was told they would send a maintenance manager up who i waited for for 1 hour just to tell me that wireless was not working.I then ordered room service and was brought the wrong things.	
Jul 13 2009 	Lovely location but very poor facilities	This must once have been a wonderful hotel, but sadly it now seems faded.The building is beautiful but the insides need a major overhaul.I stayed in room 509 - i would guess the last time this was decorated was the early 80's. The room was very small with poor furniture. The aircon was above the bed and had clearly not been used for a while. I had it on overnight and when I woke up in the morning was covered in black dust from the aircon that it had spewed out through the night.The windows did not close properly and were mouldy and very dirty.The bathroom was not clean with cracked and broken tiles and lots of mould round the bath. The mirror was dirty and the taps were not working properly.Wallpaper was peeling off in the room and bathroom.Corridors are dark and dingy.When I complained about room to reception staff they were unable / unwilling to do anything.Overall a depressing experience, which is a shame because the location and the architecture of the hotels exterior are wonderful.	
Jul 13 2009 	Very disappointing in terms of service and facilities	Was staying for six nights in a single room. Smallest room I have ever stayed in. Air conditioning not working, fan provided which was very noisy. But that was nothing to the noise from the air duct or generator outside the room. It was like an aircraft every night. Girl on reception was unpleasant, was only interested in my credit card. Not very welcoming. The building itself is amazing but for me as a frequent traveller service is everything and what I received here was very poor to say the least.	
Jul 13 2009 	Traditional pleasant good for Eurostar	My partner bought us a trip to Paris via an early morning Eurostar train for my birthday, I decided to return that treat by booking us into a hotel close enough to St. Pancras International to avoid a taxi. I chose the Russell hotel for this reason and the traditionally imperious decor. Checking in niggled me slightly when they asked me whether we wanted to upgrade to a more expensive room - if I wanted that I would have booked it, don't try to make me feel cheap in front of my partner. Apart from that the stay was perfect. The room was comfy and quiet even with the traffic outside. The bar next to the consierge desk was very relaxed and not too overpriced, it was a nice final stop before bed. Checking out at silly o'clock in the morning was easy once the consierge found a member of staff to do that. All in all it was a good start to our holiday and I would recommend it for people wanting a bit of class as a treat in London.	
Jul 12 2009 	Beautiful ornate hotel ideal for a leisure stay	Just got back from a 1 night stay and have to say we were very impressed with the Russell. When you walk into the lobby you are struck by the beautiful marble everywhere, and a huge grand staircase and chandeliers. Personally, I much prefer to stay somewhere with an individual, grand feel to it rather than a samey, much-of-a-muchness Hilton, Marriott etc. We had to wait a few minutes to check in but the receptionist was pleasant and let us check in 2 hours early. Our room on the 1st floor had been recentluy redecorated, it was very clean and pleasant. Air con was good. Bathroom done out beautifully and reasonable size. Breakfast we had to wait a few minutes for a table but staff very polite, the restaurant manager was very good and apologised for the wait and had a lovely, friendly manner about him. Food was good at breakfast, good choice, only missing apple juice. At check out there was no wait, receptionist again friendly with a smile. We left a bag with concierge and when came to collect it had to wait a few mins for someone to come and help us. Overall we had a fab stay at the Russell, if you like somewhere with a special, ornate feel to it you will enjoy it too. Just make sure you get a room that's already been renovated as from what others say not all have been yet.	
Jul 5 2009 	Plush hotel in central London	This hotel was a special treat for a 30th birthday and it was worth it! Check in isn't till 2pm but we were able to check in at 12. The room was spacious and spotless with much needed air con! There were tea and coffee facilities, tv, safe, iron and hair dryer. The towels were fluffy and hung on a luxurious heated rail! Breakfast was included in our rate (I shopped around to get it included) and was really good - set you up for the day. The Russell Square tube station is just around the corner but it's a 15-20 minute walk to St Pauls Cathedral and 5 mins from the British Museum. I would wholeheartedly recommend a stay here!	
Jul 5 2009 	Russell Hotel- Russell Square-London	My third vist to this hotel now and still the best i have visted so far, its clean its stylish &amp; spacious with luxurious vicotrian archecture inside &amp; out.The breakfast is generous buffet style which will suit meat &amp; vegi dinners set in the ballroom of the hotel its a class of its own.Loved the grand staircase &amp; huge chandalier it makes you feel like a celebrity as you walk up the stairs. We made an effort to walk down it arm in arm as felt so honored to be staying in such a stylish hotel at reasonable prices.Our room was upgraded for £20 and it was worth it, we had a huge room with a nice spacious bathroom and again that feel of luxury about it.Cant wait to return soon as its a hotel that offers just that bit extra or ideal for a special occasion.	
Jul 1 2009 	Tired old hotel	My partner and I stayed at The Russell Hotel last month. The place looks grand from the outside but the interior is quite shabby and the service very average. The public areas are okay- clean but lackluster, and decorated in poor taste with what looks like an inadequate budget. We chose the hotel because it is located close to St Pancras Station and we were leaving on the Eurostar early the next morning and wanted a good night’s sleep before arriving in Paris. We are also fond of the Bloomsbury area. The accommodation rooms are just okay and the service never better than ordinary. I wouldn't reccomend it to my friends- there are much better choices in London.	
Jun 22 2009 	ok hotel...don't bother with room request though	Have stayed here before and loved the place. The exterior is imposin, the lobby is on eo the most beautiful that I have seen and the bar is open late!On this occassion we had booked 2 twin rooms and requested them on a high floor overlooking the front of the hotel (park area) . This is the location that we had before. On arrival we were directed to two DOUBLE rooms at the rear of the hotel overlooking some sort of cooling plant. The room was much smaller than the ones we had last time. Complained at the front desk but were advised no other rooms available. Ende up one sleeping on floor and one on the bed. Ridiculous. We had booked 2 months in advance so w were really disappointed with the room we were given and will be reluctant to stay here again.On a positive note the location and breakfast were really excellent and the staff friendly even though they could not help with the room issues.	
Jun 10 2009 	Very pleasant happy memories at Hotel Russell	I stayed at Hotel Russell with my daughter for 4 days over half term. I got an excellent price on the booking (approx £35pp p night) and was extremely pleased with the accommodation.I was told when checking in that the price i had paid did not guarentee me a room in the 'new part' of the hotel, but that was absolutely fine- the room we had was very large with all mod-cons, beautiful bay windows looking out at Russell Square, and a recently refurbished large and light bathroom.The hotel is a perfect location to see a tourists London. Just round the corner from Russell Square tube station and almost immediately opposite a new large shopping area with all the standard UK High Street shops and bars and a few nice little restaurants and boutiques.Bloomsbury is a lovely part of the city, very chic and plenty to see and do. The British Museum is less than 5 minutes walk from the Hotel, on the same street, and across from that another few minutes walk and you are in Covent Garden.We had a really lovely stay this time. The Hotel Russell is really a perfect spot to see the city, and although we were there over the weekend, we found it to be quiet and relaxing (even at the front of the building). The food was excellent in the hotel- the breakfast was superb, we thoroughly enjoyed it. One tip, when it says breakfast is from Time A to Time B, that's when the breakfast is! 3 mornings in a row we saw parties come to the breakfast room after the last sitting time, and complain (a lot) that there were no seats. Now, i am not one to get up at 7am for a hotel breakfast, but if it says it finishes at 9.30am, don't come in at 10 and expect to be served! We just couldn't understand why people kept doing this each morning.Really enjoyed the food and the craic at the bar, and we had high tea in the bar on the final day, which was simply fabulous. Who can say no to a lovely afternoon tea in an elegant hotel? Not certain well known tv stars, who sat down for a business meeting at the next table to enjoy the same!Loved this place, and will definately see if i can get a good deal here the next time also, as it really was perfect for our needs.Ps, i booked through superbreak dot com to get my low price deal. Prices on the hotel's website quote far above what i paid!	
May 29 2009 	A fantastic hotel	My wife and I always enjoy a holiday in London every year and up to now we have always stayed at the Montague Hotel next to the British Museum. We tried the Russell this year as it was a lot less expensive. How pleasnatly surprised we were to find out that the Russell is even better than the Montague. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 26 2009 	great location--very helpful staff--watch your wallet in London	I stayed with family at the Russell as an interum stop on our way to Africa. As we arrived after an overnight flight from the States, tired and out of sorts with flight and tube fatigue, Bernard (concierge) met us on the stairs of the Russell and quickly commandeered our luggage. His wit, charm and help were a good omen. The check in service was quick, and our standard twin room was nicely renovated, quite comfortable, and bathroom facilities were excellent. The location of this hotel is perfect--British Museum, tube, restaurants, bus, etc...easy access to wherever one wants to go in London, and hotel staff very helpful in showing the way.Alas, our perfect situation turned nightmarish as a visit to the Swan Pub, a few blocks from the Russell , turned up a pickpocket who made off with my wallet. This was when the staff at the Russell really showed their mettle. They arranged my trip to the police station to report the theft. Because I was leaving for Africa in a day, they were absolutely involved in helping me secure credit card records from the States--emailing my bank, making phone calls, calling South African Airways to assure that I could continue our itinerary. It's cliched, but they went &quot;above and beyond the call of duty&quot; in the wee hours of the morning and the following day to assure that I was taken care of. In spite of the theft, I left the Russell with a restored faith in human nature. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others!	
May 21 2009 	Either great or bad - depends which room you get	I've stayed here several times on business. The Russell Hotel is in a great location and could be a superb hotel but they have a few problems. I really wanted to give this hotel either 5 stars or one star - it can differ from one extreme to the other each time you stay. Firstly, the service is very variable - sometimes it's excellent, other times bad (particularly waiting at check in). Luckily my company now books through an agency who are very on the ball and the hotel seems to respond quite well to them, although my experience has been there is less response to individual complaints.The rooms are similarly very different - some of the rooms (I think those on the lower floors) are newly renovated and beautiful. Staying in these rooms is wonderful. However, there are still older rooms which have not been renovated for a while (I think the higher floors). Some of these are Ok and a good size but many are extremely small (even when they claim to be a double) and have problems with cleanliness. I don't know if this is simply due to the fact that they have not been renovated in a while (or maybe the cleaning staff don't travel that far so often?!). Staying here is a bit of a lottery - but it's a good location and if you get one of the nice rooms, it's great! If you get a good room it's ok value for money - if you get one of the very small old rooms, it's terrible value for money.	
May 16 2009 	Tale of Two Hotels	Having stayed a couple of weeks ago and being pleasantly surprised by this hotel previously, when I needed to visit London again at short notice I was enticed back to the Russell Hotel - mainly by its location which was just where I needed.I was not, therefore surprised by the wait to check in at reception (nor by the fairly slow service on check-out) nor by the incredibly antiquated credit card system they have. I had previously had a very pleasant room before so asked for the same one only to be told that last time I had received a complementary upgrade and I had 'only' paid for a standard room. Thinking that having stayed twice in the space of a couple of weeks I might receive the same treatment was not well received! In a rush I said I would stick with my booking - mistake. Difference was £20 but quality and space in rooms very considerable (should have shelled out!!).My standard room (paid around £158 - without breakfast - there is a fantastic cafe 1 minute from the hotel – right out of the door, right again and 75m before the tube entrance) was located along a not too well lit corridor on the first floor (previous room was on well lit, well decorated corridor!). The room itself was small (double bed and not a lot else). The bathroom had the smallest sink imaginable, about 5 inches by 10 inches - impossible to wash without getting water everywhere. While the TV was fine that was about as good as it got. The room was very dowdy and didn’t look as if it had been upgraded in quite a while. It backed onto a side street and overlooked a pub (which actually looked fine itself) - very noisy until very late and again very early - woken up to barrels being rolled and lots of traffic around 6 a.m. The room had no double glazing, but old sash windows. This was a really big minus.I didn’t have time to sample any of the other services in the hotel, previously used the bar which was fine - other than to ask travel advice from the concierge (took a few minutes to find him). While the plus points of this hotel (location and near a tube) remain good if I stay here again I will certainly go for the upgrade - I'm sure there are better deals, even in a central location. I think I was disappointed rather than annoyed – I would probably stay again (just) if I need this location, but certainly go for the upgrade.	
May 6 2009 	A nice plave to Relax	I just spent one night in this hotel but everything went very well, its close to parks and the subway, the room was small, but in London thats what you get, the staff and helpful but to be honest I just had to check in and check out, so I did not have to request anything from them. This hotel was clean.	
May 6 2009 	All fur coat and no knickers!	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and must say that I was very impressed with its exterior. Then I checked in! The woman who checked me in was easily the most customer unfriendly person I have ever come across. She made a mistake when pre authorising my credit card and when I pointed this out to her she become quite aggressive and confrontational. She spoke to me like I was a complete idiot throughout the checking in period. Certainly not what you'd expect from a 4 star hotel! As a result I found it impossible to like anything about the hotel afterwards. If you're going to pay more than £100 per night I would advise that you look elsewhere!	
May 6 2009 	ok...	Well, where do i start. The only good points about the hotel is it's location, which is great for what i needed, National Museum, Covent Garden, Transport Museum, Soho. The tube stop is just on the side of the Hotel.Otherwise, room was old, furniture was old, staff were rude, never smiled , i arrived early and went off to concierge to drop of my bags and make most of the day and the porter asked me: &quot; Checking out boss?&quot;. I didn't think it was a very nice way to welcome a guest at the hotel.The hotel needs serious updating, its to dark and not well kept.I got a room for a very low price which im glad as i wouldn't like to pay the full price.I don't think i will stay here again.	
May 2 2009 	beautiful building in a good location	Stayed here for one night. My double room was small but nicely decorated and the bed was really comfortable. There was a large shower in the bathroom and everything was spotlessly clean. There was a bit of a queue for breakfast which rapidly grew into a long queue by 9 o clock. Breakfast was obviously catering for the masses but was fine. My meeting was in the hotel, which was why I stayed there but would definately stay again - there was a good choice of restaurants just down the road and Russell Sq park in the morning sunshine was delightful.	
Apr 27 2009 	Dr. Jeykll OR Mr. Hyde	I visited the Russell Hotel twice within a week and had two very different experiences.VISIT ONEI arrived at the hotel after an overnight transatlantic flight and was able to get my room at 10:00 in the morning on Friday. The room was a nice size, even by North American standards. The bathroom, like the room had been recently renovated and was very nice. The room had a good view of the park and a double bed, that was very comfortable.The hotel is a very short walk to the British Museum and a comforable walk to all the other tourist sights. If you do not want to walk, the undergound station is located right behind the hotel, so access from Heathrow and all other locations along the tube line was easy. The breakfast was very good, even though I was not informed it was included with me room charge until the second day. On Tuesday morning I checked out, to fly onto Rome for business, but first confirmed my reservation for my return visit in 3 days. The front desk confirmed they had my reservation and that in error they forgot to give me the shopping vouchers and other gifts that were included in my hotel package, but they would have it waiting for me when I returned. So I left happy knowing that the hotel would correct their errors upon my return from Rome.VISIT TWOI returned to the Russell Hotel after three days in Rome to find out that I did not have a reservation and that the hotel was full!! I showed the front desk person my confirmation number and told her that the person working the front desk when I checked out three days earlier had confirmed the reservation and was to have a shopping voucher ready for me upon my return. She checked my confirmation number but said it did not match anything in the computer. I was told to have a seat and someone would be over to speak to me in a moment. A half hour later, I returned to the front desk to inform the person that no one had come to speak to me. She said that someone would be right over to assist me. I waited another 15 minutes and then returned to the front desk, this time I made a scene and someone came out of the office to assist me. I was told they found me a room BUT did not apologize for the problem.I was given a room so small that I needed to go out into the hall to change my mind. It only contained a single bed, but at least I had a room. The next morning I got up and TRIED to have a shower but there was no water pressure. I mean NONE! I dressed and went down to the front desk and told them of the problem and they said &quot;SORRY and some else had complained&quot;. They had no answer to when the problem would be corrected or if. I had breakfast and went out for the day. When I returned the water pressure was better but not the same as my first visit. I went to the front desk and informed them that I was going to be leaving the next morning and would not need the second day of my reservation. I was told that it would be okay, and I would not be charged for the room. The next morning I had a shower, with the pressure being the same as a baby drooling on my head. When I went to check out, the desk clerk had to check with the manager on duty to see if I would be charged for the room, since I did not give them enough notice to cancel the room. I loved the location, but the service is terrible.	
Apr 27 2009 	an historic hotel	the russell hotel has a magnificent victorian style facade wich is impressive it looks like a castle. the location is geat in front of rusell square with the tube nearby.the thing is that t is a very old hotel and it could use, say, a replacement of carpets and a new layer of paint. also the room's windows can be opened very little but if you turn on the air conditioning you can go by. an odd thing is that there aren't any sheets just a blanket.the great things are that the room counts with a ho rails so if you wash clothes they get dry quickly, also it has an ironing machine so you can iron aswell and finalle you have an electric teapot so you can have as much coffe or te as you want.	
Apr 21 2009 	grand exterior weird interior	Stayed on business. The hotel looks great from the outside and has a great lobby. the check in desk is a shabby bench off to one side. The lifts are truly bizzare, a recorded voice tells any more than three people that they are too heavy and it won't move. Any fat person then becomes embarrassed and has to leave the lift. The same performance is repeated at each floor. The room was small and shabby with a cracked window although the bathroom was fairly modern. In the morning, after negotiating the now highly entertaining lift, (The fat guests made their way down the stairs) breakfast was addressed. It seemed to be impossible to actually eat anything as some sort of manager shouted at everyone and the tables were heaped with dirty dishes. My associate eventually grabbed a sausage off a tray and ate it with his bare hands and was told off by a waitress. I was glad to check out. This was once a grand hotel but is now something of a joke.	
Apr 19 2009 	Not really 4 star quality but location makes up for it.	Booked through holidaycity.com at a special rate £158 for 2 adults for a double room for 2 nights. Recieved email confirmation of this. Rang hotel to confirm, told me it was for single occupancy and tried to increase the rate. However after contacting holiday city again, i was sent an email from the hotel accepting that they had made a mistake and would honour the booking and rate. The room should have cost £330 per night. On arrival the building itself if beautiful with an impressive reception area. However the rooms were not of the same standard. Adequate, clean and comfortablebut not standard one expects for a 4 star hotel. Rooms look like they have been refurbished recently in a modern contemporary style, but finish and attention to detail is poor. I agree with another guest that the 4 star description probably applies to the location. In summary I was happy with the hotel for the price I paid, however if I had paid £330 per night I would not be impressed. I would recommend it only if you get a special rate. If you are happy to pay £330 per night, try the hilton which is 2 minutes up the road.	
Apr 14 2009 	So Disappointing	We checked in at 1 pm and our room wasn't ready! We went for a cup of tea but I had to stay with my lap top and luggage as the concierge had left them unattended in the lobby. They didn't place them in left luggage until I insisted. At 2 pm I had to queue for another 10 minutes just to get the room key. The room was dusty and windows &amp; bathroom needed more thorough cleaning. Although four of us shared this family room, there were only towels for two. The fridge was broken and the toilet blocked. The response to our complaints was very half hearted.The location is excellent and the breakfast was good but we have stopped in many London Hotels, some cheaper, and been much more satisfied. This is not a 4 star quality hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	An excellent hotel in the centre of London	I spent two days and one night here for a conference, including eating two lunches, one dinner and a breakfast in the hotel, along with sampling the bar (purely for research purposes).Having stayed in other hotels in the Russell Square area, I was expecting a &quot;faded glory&quot; place. I was wrong, the Hotel Russell isn't faded. Full of marble, chandeliers, thick carpets, and attentive, helpful staff, this was an excellent hotel.My room, from which I could see Russell Square, was comfortable and equipped with all that was needed for a good night's sleep. Meals were of excellent quality - breakfast, in particular, was one of the finest I have had anywhere.I can't comment upon the value, as I didn't pay the bill, other than the bar (£4 for a pint), but am certain that it represents good value, well worth the doubtless expensive price.The hotel is located 10 minutes walk from Euston Station, 20 from King's Cross and Saint Pancras, and about a minute from Russell Square Underground station. Covent Garden is about 10 minutes walk away, and various West End theatres are within easy reach, too. An excellent, central location, overlooking Russell Square itself - a green oasis in the heart of the city.I would certainly seriously consider staying here myself if staying in London for leisure purposes.	
Mar 30 2009 	I think the four star rating is releated to the location and bar prices.	I would recommend you book this through a travel site, rather than direct with the hotel. We got the room cheaper and with breakfast included, doing it that way.Checking in was easy; the staff spoke good English, but felt that it was somewhat scripted and impersonal.The double room was an average size, with a good sized bathroom, however the general decor was tired looking. In the bathroom, there were orange stains on the grouting and the showerhead was caked in lime scale, so obviously not cleaned daily. This lack of attention to detail was somewhat disappointing considering this is a four star hotel.The cooked breakfast was good and hot, but basic, again I would expect more from a four star rating.The hotel itself is an elegant building with some nice old features and the location suited us, as this was easy to get to by bus or tube.	
Mar 23 2009 	Good 4 star hotel in great location	Excellent location, on Russell Square, with the Underground about 2 minutes around the corner. There are a number of restaurants and bars in the area, and a Tesco Express and Metro within a few minutes walk. Good breakfast, clean and tidy, but can be expensive during the week.	
Mar 21 2009 	fine	no problems with hot water 3 shared room enough space bathroom was excellant staff v friendly very clean Breakfast was excellant had alight lunch in hotel one day it was adequet very central to all the sites quiter in the evenings which was great	
Mar 19 2009 	Let down by clash with wedding party	We find Tavistock road convenient for our visits to London, and Hotel Russell is very convenient, for the BM and the tube just round the corner. The accommodation was similar to the HI close by. The lower 2 floors have wonderful Victorian fixtures. We did not have any hot water problems and the room was fine; the pillows were too full for a pleasant night's sleep. The staff were helpful.HOWEVER our stay, as with every other guest that weekend, was somewhat spoilt with the queuing at breakfast which was caused by the hotel hosting a wedding party on Saturday afternoon. This caused us not to use the normal dining room but a function suite. At least one guest vowed to never return. Monday's breakfast was fine.Perhaps next time I'll try the Hilton closer to Euston.	
Mar 19 2009 	Disappointing	My partner and I booked into The Russel for 2 nights for his birthday weekend. When we arrived It took 20 minutes to get checked in eventhough we were the only people waiting! We eventually got to our room which was awful! The room was split on 2 levels the bedroom being on the ground floor - it was tiny - the bed was right against the wall and a very small double! Up stairs the bathroom was much nicer and the nicest part of the room! We requested to move but was told this was not possible - the next day we explained to the receptionist that we would like a refund as we were not willing to stay another night in that room - she told us we could be moved! We came back later that day and had to explain again that we wanted to be moved as nothing had been done! We were eventually moved to a nicer but by no means lovely room, as we could hear all the traffic through the single glazed windows! Extremely Disappointing Stay!	
Mar 15 2009 	Well-located historic hotel with hygiene and modernity issues	I was booked into this Edwardian palace because I had a meeting across Russell Square. The hotel is nice enough, though it is surely a *** and not ****. I first was shown a horribly loud room with painted dirty windows facing the inner courtyard and its extremely noisy machinery (and since of course the windows didn't close, this would have been very loud all the time), but after complaining received a nice larger one on the top (6th) floor with a nice side view. Furniture, carpet etc. have seen better times, bathroom was tiny, there was hardly any closet space, etc., but it was an okay place for such a meeting. (Also here, of course, the windows did not close porperly.)What I really minded, however, was that the drains of my bathtub were clogged with the hairs of my predecessor(s), and it was really yucky how they floated up when one took a shower. I left a note and they were removed after the first night, so things looked much better, but during the next shower, the hair was there again, if much less. Still, I find this unacceptable, and I would therefore not come back.Breakfast was fine (included; I would not have paid for it); internet is outrageously expensive, 1400% more expensive than in the internet cafés of the neighborhood. Nice location.	
Mar 4 2009 	Perfect location very comfortable and modern	This place is a great deal for the price. After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor.com, I was pretty apprehensive about staying here, but I ended up having a great stay. The building's facade is gorgeous, and the room itself was not huge but was not cramped, either, and was very clean with nice, modern decor. We had a balcony overlooking Russell Square. Despite many of the other reviews, the hot water was just fine. We were able to walk to many of London's sights, but it was also extremely convenient having the tube stop just around the corner. I'm going back to London in a few weeks and staying in this hotel again! I would actually like to try staying in another neighborhood, but with the guesswork involved in trying to find a place that doesn't cost an arm and a leg but also isn't a total fleabag joint, I'm sticking to a place I can trust.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great Hotel (if you can get the right Price?!?!?!)	I have stayed at this hotel 3 times now and each time I have paid £50 B+B per room per night. My Friend works for the Chain that own the Hotel and so I get a &quot;mates rate&quot;I think this is an amazing deal as the hotel is a lovely hotel, with fantastic service and a great location. However I do not think I would be willing to pay the regular Rates which always seem to be around the £200 mark. This is not because I think The Russell is not worth that..... it is because personally I don't think ANYWHERE is worth that!!!! (well not when you can get a travel inn for £70)The Hotel however (if you do have that budget) is really very nice. With it's grand Entrance and what I believe is an Original Mosaic Floor that Depicts the 12 Signs of the Zodiac, Spectacular Staircase and refurbed, Spacious Bedrooms that are Modern but fitting to the Grand Style of the Building.The Staff are very Good. The Service each time I have been has been faultless and the Housekeeping Team are very good at what they do!Breakfast is OK but again if you are paying on the day, It is overpriced in my opinion. (but probably standard for London Hotel Breakfast Prices)The Location is great! Right on Russell Square. The Tube station is just beside the hotel and you can walk from Euston in about 10-15 minutes easily. Plus although it is very central the area doesn't feel as crowded and as overly touristy as places like Piccadilly or Covent Garden... Especially at night. And the Restaurants in the area are smaller and seem to be all independent. Which I like.Overall it is a great hotel but I realise that I have paid a snip of what most people will pay so maybe my judgement is not as critical as it might be if I was £200 pound out of pocket!.I will say if this is within your budget then it is a nice hotel and well worth a stay.	
Mar 1 2009 	Second visit and no complaints	This was our second visit to the Russell Hotel and we would definitely go back. We have stayed in the Ambassador style rooms each time and maybe this is why our experience is so different from many of the reviewers.The room was large, warm, well furnished with views of Russell square. All was spotlessly clean. The bathroom a little small but nicely fitted with no problems with hot water. No comments on breakfast as we thought almost £20 each was scandalous and there is a great range of cafes and shops nearby (Brunswick square WC1N is very close and well served). We booked in with no queues and the staff were friendly and efficient.We're going back in April :)	
Feb 27 2009 	Cold weather cold water and cold hotel	I stayed in the hotel on a Friday night on the 6th February 2009. It was a cold night, but the room was also very cold, due mainly to the fact that the windows don't shut properly and that also meant that my room was noisy as I could hear the traffic very clearly - I woke up at 2 a.m. as I was freezing and spent some time trying to tighten the screws around the window lock to try and cut down on the draft (without much success). To make things worse, the water was cold when I went to bed and colder in the morning - it's fine to have a cold shower in the Summer, but not so good when it's literally freezing outside. Service was pretty blah - the girls on reception hardly looked at me - the TV only had about four channels and the room was at best, functional. It was clean and close to where I was working so it was OKish for one night. Having said that, I wouldn't go again on business - and certainly not for pleasure - and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 25 2009 	Lovely historical hotel but could use a few improvements	I stayed at the Hotel Russell for one week in February 2009. I had a single room that was billed as a &quot;contemporary deluxe single.&quot; I had upgraded from a standard single after reading reviews of the hotel online, and I wanted to be sure my room had the modern type of decor rather than traditional. Overall I enjoyed my stay, but I have to say that the room didn't quite live up to the descriptions I'd read on their website. For example, they advertised a 42&quot; plasma TV, while the TV on my wall was no more than 32&quot; or so. Not that it mattered to me, really, but it's an example of the exaggerations in the advertising. I had also been promised that the room was &quot;spacious&quot; which it was not ... quite tiny actually. The bed was supposed to have &quot;Egyptian cotton linens&quot; but it bizarrely (to me as an American at least) did not even have a top sheet ... just a bottom sheet and a duvet, no other blankets. Other minor complaints -- the floor of my 7th floor room creaked horribly every time I walked around, and the bed was positioned right next to some very drafty windows. Also, I feel that the internet service was overpriced. It's £15/day for internet in the room, and it's not even wireless ... you have to plug your computer into an ethernet cable, which isn't very long and kept falling out of my laptop every time I moved around at all. I feel that if they're going to charge that much for internet, it should be wireless. The only food I had from room service was late-night paninis, one of which was awful (the tuna) and one of which was delicious (the Mediterranean vegetable). On the 2nd night that I got a sandwich, I asked if it was possible to get chips (fries) instead of the crisps that were supposed to come with it, and was told that it was too late for that (after midnight). However, when the food was delivered, they gave me chips after all! I was so happy that they accommodated my request. I also really appreciated having a fridge in the room so that I could keep cold snacks and water in my room. Everyone was very nice and helpful, and the location can't be beat. I had no problems with hot water. Overall it was a comfortable and pleasant place to stay for the week that I was in London.	
Feb 24 2009 	GREAT location beautiful hotel.	My husband, daughter (10) and I stayed at the Russell Hotel for several nights. The exterior and interior of the hotel are lovely. The location couldn't have been better -- just a block away from the nearest Underground Station with a direct connection to Heathrow. We were fortunate enough to stay in a larger (Ambassador) room, which was quite spacious compared to other hotel rooms we have stayed at in London in the past. One drawback to the room was the absence of a dresser. We were sorely in need of places to properly unpack our clothes. The breakfasts were very good. Beware the breakfast lines on Saturday mornings -- Everyone seems to head down to breakfast around 8:30-9:30 a.m. and the staff gets overwhelmed. The concierge (Bernard) was wonderfully friendly and helpful. We did not have ANY problems with getting hot water, no matter what time of day we showered. I would DEFNITELY stay here again.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great value good room	I've stayed at the hotel twice this month for a total of 3 nights on business (about £85pn inc breakfast and tax). In a single room on each occasion; reasonable size for London. Modern bathroom with bath and shower. No problems with hot water - very hot whenever I wanted it. [There are lots of water main replacements taking place in London, this has caused problems for a lot of hotels when water gets cut off or the pressure drops - so boilers cut-out -with little warning. this may explain the water problems in other reviews].Check in was quick and efficient. The ground floor is a very impressive - lots of marble and brass. Good choice at breakfast time - service could be a little quicker. Hotel is well located for the tube; there's a station about 200m away.I will be staying here again and would recommend it for any business traveller.	
Feb 12 2009 	No hot water	the staff were very friendly, eager to help but after giving us our room key informed us there were problems with the hot water and that if it was cold then to wait 20 minutes. we had no hot water for the whole of our 2 night stay. this is completely unacceptable. far too pricey. our room seemed very dark. Had to keep lights on during day time hours too.Bath room was freezing and the hotel is on a main road which could be heard at all times in our room. breakfast was very nice ,lots of choice. hotel nice inside, just opposite is a park and the british museum. we booked with Hotels direct, an embassador room and when we booked in I checked which room we were in and hotels direct had only booked a double room for us. luckily we had the paper work and the hotel was not too busy so we were able to get the room we had initially booked. would we stay here again.......no. there is far better value for money in london with hot water and bigger , better rooms. dont go to this hotel.	
Feb 8 2009 	The fifteen minute hotel...........................................	Fifteen minutes to check inFifteen minutes is how long you have to run the taps to get hot water (told this at reception as I had waited ....... Yes fifteen minutes to check having only found cold water in our room.Avoid	
Feb 6 2009 	Grand Hotel but don't expect to wash	The Hotel Russell is a grand hotel approached from Southampton Road is imposing on the square. The exterior is an epitath of an age of glory of the British Empire. It was just a pity that the splendor is not illuminated in the evening. It is almost as if the owners widh for the hotel to be a lower league establishment.The Interior is a very grand affair. From the immediate entrance with the grand chandelier s and marble columns. The staff are very helpful and welcome you with open arms. The check in process is relatively swift.The problems with the Hotel Russel are only apparent with entry to the rooms. Having stayed in room 608. The room was a cosy affair, whilst it was plain to see that the bathroom was recently refurbished, i could not say the same for the actual bedroom itself.The decor was gaudy at best, a mustard yellow wall covering and equally garish curtains overwhelm the senses. The furniture is antiquated and heavy. A lighter more modern approach to furniture would have complimented the somewhat intimate (small) room. In short the rooms do match the grandeur of the public areas of the hotel.What will define my visit to the Hotl Russell was the lack of hot, or even warm, water. Having a shower in the hotel was a shocking affair. A new water heating system is in desperate need. It is just as well i read up on the hotel before hand and discovered the issue has plagued previous visits. I was therefore able to mentally prepare myself for the 'plunge'.The breakfasts in the hotel are fairly decent. From what i could gather, the food was not the standard 'blue bag' affair that you get as standard in many hotels. From the 'blue bag' affair, i mean that the food is delivered in sealed blue bags and merely heated in the mircowave. The food actually seemed veru decent. The scrambled eggs were moist, as too were the poached eggs, which were cooked to perfection with a runny yolk.The sausages were flavour-some with seasoning. My only criticism was the fatty bacon, but this is to be expected in any british hotel.All in all the Hotel Russell was a decent standard of hotel. If they could sort out the fundamentals of warm running water the hotel maybe able to justift the £120 fee for a single room, bed and breakfast. It was just as well i was not paying.Would i go back? I'd want to but i'd definately seek assurances that i was going to come out cleaner than when i came in.	
Jan 23 2009 	Still Can't Beat the Location	My second stay at the Russell Hotel - I had a single room, but this time the bathroom was much larger. Yes, the complaints about the hot water are true - I had very little in the mornings, but found that there was plenty of hot water in the evenings. Also my breakfast was included this time, but agree that if you have to pay extra for it - don't. Not worth it. Long queues in the morning for breakfast, and not necessary because there were emply tables once you got inside. Appears to be an inefficiency on the part of the dining room staff in sitting people at tables. Food was just OK.On the plus side - it is still wonderfully located. Around the corner from the Russell Square Tube stop on the Picadilly Line. There is a bank (and ATM) across the street, as well as a Post Office across the street. There is a Tesco Express across from the Tube station that has really decent food selections for an impromptu meal in your room (you can eat much better than in the hotel's restaurant). You can walk through Russell Square to the British Museum close by. I also walked from the hotel down to Leicester Square to get theatre tickets - about 15-20 min. walk. I would stay here again - I just would not pay extra for breakfast, and know that I need to shower in the evenings!	
Jan 22 2009 	Don't stay here...	This hotel appears average on the surface, not sure why some others decribe it as amazing....I stayed here during a work trip and my room was very small and poky but perhaps this was to be expected as I paid a very good rate compared to the advertised tarriff - therefore I wasn't too concerned. Then I ordered room service at 8pm a sandwich which I hade to decribe twice to the person on the phone - I was told this would take 25 mins - 50 mins later I called and was told the order had never been recieved, I asked to speak to a duty manager and was told they would ring me - then someone rang and asked me what the problem was and when I asked are you the duty manager he hung up! He called back later saying he had been cut off, I again asked to speak to a manger and was told that they were too busy - a few mintes later someone claiming to be the manger (but who knows!) rang by which time I said that I would be dealing with head office and didnt want to discuss it any further given that I had been at work all day and simply wanted to relax.....I reminded her that I was actually a guest! Twenty minutes later a sandwich turned up! Which I turned away having waited almost 1 and a half hours for it. This is the kind of hotel that gives London a bad name - avoid it at all costs there are far superior places to stay even at discounted rates.....	
Jan 21 2009 	Only stay if you like water torture and poor service	I stayed at the Russell in January 2008. Having worked in London every January and summer for the last seven years – I am used to the ups and downs of hotels, but for a well known chain and large hotel the service here was just awful.Firstly we were booked into a room on the sixth floor; this was large, well accommodated. We were very impressed. The issues with the room didn’t start until the following morning. Upon getting up, and needing to get to a meeting on time, I decided to take a hot shower. Be warned, that in the Russell, this is NEVER going to happen. The water was freezing. I washed – cursing the water, but needing to get to a meeting. I reported this to reception – was told I should have ‘left it ten minutes’ and that maintenance would take a look (isn’t it lovely when you can just shift the start of meetings….in your pretend world).Upon returning in the evening – there was no message at the front desk or on the room voicemail – I thought the issue was resolved. No! The water was colder! I called reception and got the Front Desk manager who told me they knew about the issue it was being resolved and Thames Water were to blame for turning pressure down (heat in water is not about pressure and it’s amazing that even the lowly Imperial down the street had boiling water that day, it’s clear the boilers in the Russell are not working and they are doing nothing about it). I insisted I was moved to another room – they moved me to the fifth floor – again cold water, broken air con and very noisy fans at the back of the hotel (really feel sorry for those on the lower floors). In the queue at breakfast I heard a man from the second floor that he had been moved and he had not had hot water for three days. If you Google reviews of the hotel this has been an issue for months. It’s unacceptable and makes you wonder how they clean rooms and baths with cold water……To top this off – asking for a cup of tea and slice of toast three times and never getting it after half an hour of waiting – with paying for a £20.50 breakfast is a joke. I have stayed all over London, and never had such a poor customer service or lack of care for a rip off price. Stay at one of the Gower Street B&amp;Bs where you will be looked after (the Jesmond is fantastic). They may not look so pretty, but you will be warm, your water will be hot and your toast will be steaming. This experience was the worst customer service I have encountered in London hotels. I will not return, I will encourage my colleagues to keep away and I will never look at that beautiful building in the same way again. In one word – avoid.	
Jan 7 2009 	"Old World" Ambiance and Hospitality	My wife and I recently returned from London, after celebrating the Christmas holidays with our daughter who is married and lives there. Upon her recommendation, I called the Russell Hotel and booked an Ambassador suite since it was large by European standards, and has a King bed.When we arrived on the 24th of December we checked in at the hotel, and were told by the desk clerk that unfortunately due to some plumbing issues, the room we originally booked was not available. Another room was assigned which she said was an upgrade.When we entered the alternate room, we immediately saw that it quite small and not what we were expecting. We have traveled for over 35 years so we have a fairly good idea what a room should look like,We returned to the desk clerk and told her about our disappointment about their choice of alternate room selection.I asked to speak to the Assistant Manager in an effort to resolve the problem. It was then that we met Sanket who listened to our problem and invited us to go to the hotel pub for about 30 minutes, and have some champagne &quot;on the house&quot; while he tried to make us &quot;happy campers&quot;.By the time Sanket returned, we had the pleasure of meeting Manuel the bartender, and the longest employee at the hotel (over 40 years).Sanket immediately escorted us to our new suite. To say the least, it not only met, but exceeded all our expectations. It was truly outstanding.Kudos to Sanket for making the difference.....We stayed at the hotel until the 28th of December.The concierge, primarily staffed with Stephen and Carey, were always there to assist and provide valuable advice.Their customer service approach was always top-notch, and the Russell Hotel is very fortunate to have them in their employ.The house-keeping staff was always ready to accommodate your requests and the rooms were cleaned to the highest expectations.Another bartender by the name of Arjay was also a delight to deal with when Manuel wasn't there.During the day we spent all of our time celebrating with our daughter and the in-laws, but in the evening it was certainly a pleasure to return to the Hotel Russell.The hotel is over 100 years old, and maintains an &quot;old world&quot; charm in its' structure but mostly through its' staff.If you are looking for the typical modern hotel, then this may not be your &quot;cup of tea&quot;. However, if you are looking for a unique hotel experience, with a great location to everything, this would be a great choice. One additional suggestion would be to book a package at the hotel with breakfast included.We are already thinking about a return trip................	
Jan 5 2009	Hotel Russell - Good except for lack of hot water	We stayed at this hotel for five nights starting December 27, 2008. We had previously stayed here a couple of years ago and liked it very much so booked it for this visit. The location right next to the Russell Square tube stop (on the Piccadilly line) is excellent. The location is ideal for trips to the British Museum. The west end theatres and National Gallery are walking distance for those who don't mind a long walk. Soho and its restaurants are also within easy reach. The room we had was very spacious and well appointed. In London terms, the room was enormous. The big disappointment was the lack of hot water. Some days I managed to grab a lukewarm shower. Sometimes there was only cold water. The management was aware of the problem and was working on getting the boilers fixed. On my last day (New Year's day) I had a hot shower. We had called to the management several times about the problem. We did not ask for any compensation to make up for the inconvenience.	
Jan 1 2009 	Go somewhere else	I had received very enthusiastic comments on this luxury hotel from friends in London, specially regarding the style and beauty of the building. The Russell is wonderfully located in the heart of Bloomsbury in front of a lovely square, right next to the tube station and very near to the British Museum. The fact that I had several appointments at the University of London only a few blocks away convinced me that the Russell would be a great choice for my London stay. I made my reservation through the hotel website. I was surprised that the hotel policy is to charge a 10% non-refundable deposit to confirm your booking. The average rate per night for a single room was 160 GBP.When I arrived to the hotel I already remarked that the reception and check-in area was quite small and unappealing. The check-in process was not very friendly and the clerk did not point out to me any of the hotel facilities and amenities.The room I got was a sort of narrow corridor with a small bed, wardrobe and writing-desk. I did not expect something very big for a single room but this was a joke. The room had almost no light as there was no roof lamp but only a 1-meter high lamp with a 40 w bulb (Is Russell a green hotel or it's just saving money?). Plugging my laptop under the table was an difficult endeavour as the lamp cable was 10 inches long I could not use this floor lamp to see under the table. Note that the hotel charges 15GBP a day to use internet. The safe was &quot;conveniently&quot; placed in the wardrobe's floor and had a leaflet with instructions that corresponded to another model so it was impossible to use it. The bathroom was OK (no bathtub): modern and well lit. If I wanted to read The Times or review my presentations this was the place to go...The overall result was very depressing and the only good thing about it it was that it really pushed me out of the hotel. It would be fine if you would be staying at a youth hostel but not if you are paying for a luxury hotel.But the problems did not end there. When I got back home I realised that my 10% deposit had not been deducted from my final bill. So I had to call to England to claim my money back. The accounting office ask me to fax them the confirmation e-mail (one would think they should have it on their own booking system). This was 10 days ago and I haven't heard from them yet.	
Dec 16 2008 	1st Time In London	We stayed here for 3 nights from 12th Dec. Hotel was lovely, especially the staircase. Very impressive. Room was clean however it wasn't cleaned properly the next morning. Rubbish in bins remained &amp; whb wasn't cleaned. En suite was tiny. Staff were friendly enough. Only a short walk from Leisester Square and Oxford Street etc. Would probably stay here again though.	
Dec 9 2008 	Looks better on the outside	We booked this hotel for our wedding night before flying out the next day. You look at the outside and think &quot;wow, that's awesome&quot;. That wasn't quite our response once we got into the hotel. We carried our bags in, had to wait for a porter, the room looked out over some pipes and machinery, and we could hear a noisy disco playing till late. Shower was good, room wasn't spacious by any means. Fine for the night, but glad we didn't have to unpack or live there for a few days. Breakfast had a pretty decent range and hey, we got a free paper.	
Dec 1 2008 	Disappointed	We arrived a the Russell 30/11/08 to find it all in darkness, power cut I thought, but no, planned maintenance. Unfortunately it was not in their plans to tell me. We arrived about 12.30 for rooms to be ready at 2.00pm. We were told the rooms would not be ready until 4.00pm and that there were no other facilities we could use. It was a cold and wet day so we had to trudge off to find somewher to sit and eat for three and a half hours. We did get a room in the end and a bottle of wine as an apology. The room was nice although the water pressure was low and I could not get a hot bath to relax in after the cold and wet wandering round London. The room did not have double glazing either so it was not a quiet night.Good points lovely building in a good location and I did have a good rate for staying there	
Nov 23 2008 	Unexpected Free upgrade.	Both my partner and I had stayed at another Principal Hayley hotel (Horwood House, Milton keynes) at that time we had complained about how bad that was so we were given a complementary nights stay at the Russell (choice of hotel was ours) We arrived to find that we had been upgraded to a top floor suite at no extra cost (nice one and we didnt question it) We found our room to be very nice indeed which was large and tastefully decorated. The bed was VERY comfortable and the views from our room were very nice. The location of the Russell is pretty good and we walked to Covent Garden in 20 mins although there is a tube station a few mins from the entrance. The service was very good, we found the concierge was very helpfull. We liked check out being at midday and breakfast at weekends being served until midday too (breakfast selection was excellent) ok a couple of bad points, the TV picture in our room wasnt great (maybe just a technical issue?) and I felt it took too long for our room to warm up with the heaters on. Apart from that we enjoyed our stay and felt looked after and comfortable but then again this is a fairly expensive hotel so you should expect nothing less.	
Nov 22 2008 	Good hotel in good location	A good hotel in a great location. My single room was a good size (often rooms are very small in London) and all the amenities worked (bath, shower, TV, heating etc. - again often in British hotels things are broken). The food at breakfast was fine, not spectacular but lots of choice and healthy options. Russell Square is a pleasant location close to Brunswick shopping centre, the British museum and there is a tube station next to the hotel which goes directly to Heathrow on the Picadilly line. The only problem was that my room was quite noisy as it is on the main road, especially with the sirens from ambulances and police vehicles. I went on a business account - I probably couldn't afford to stay here if I was paying!	
Nov 13 2008 	Good but also pricey	No doubt this is a hotel with nice, rather recently modernised rooms. Modern design and good furniture, however the renovation budget, reportedly 20 million British pounds wasn't enough to replace the aged windows. Location is close to the Russell Square tube station and close to the British museum.Price is high but most hotels in London are overpriced and the Russell Hotel is probably just in line with what the market gives. However if breakfast were included in the price, one might coem awya feeling to have gotten a relatively fair deal. At check-in time I was asked if I wanted to add-on breakfasts for 10 ponds a day in advnace, or if not in advnce (at check-in time) it would cost 19 pounds. I decided to go for a short morning stroll to near-by cafes and had breakfasts for under 10 quid, as they say. Otherwise, an acceptable place, worth a try.	
Nov 5 2008 	A hotel of 'great' contrasts	Right then, where do I start....... I stayed here for four nights on business at a reasonable rate including breakfast. At first glance, the hotel looks impressive, both outside and as you walk in (fantastic marble staircase). It's a beautiful old Victorian listed building with a tube station just round the corner - the location is perfect, with a supermarket and a wide choice of restaurants, cafes and pubs nearby. The breakfast is very good, food is actually hot and there is a wide variety to choose from. The concierge was probably the most helpful person in the hotel. That's the good part......Now the not so good...... the reception area looks totally out of place in contrast to the Victorian aura, the reception staff are pleasant but, unless you ask, they won't tell you what time breakfast is etc. The room was very small, furniture was dated and scruffy. Bed was however very comfortable. Bathroom was ok, although the water pressure is abysmal, and the water is never hot, tepid at best.There are coffee and tea making facilities but the kettle was prone to falling off its dangerous perch (hard to explain I know). The safe didn't work and there was no chain on the door. Room service was efficient but the food was plain ordinary and hellishly overpriced, as were the drinks. Also, there was an incessant clunking in pipes all night long and the heating in the room was so poor - didn't help that London had its first snow in October for 70 years while I was there. None of the issues I had were addressed during my stay. I know I wasn't alone in having problems. I did overhear a few other people complaining. I get the overall impression that this grand old lady is resting on past laurels and it is probably a pale shadow of service in years gone by. I wouldn't stay here again, except on business and if no other suitable hotel was available.	
Nov 4 2008 	really nice!	Stayed for a night with business and I found it to be a lovely hotel, beautiful architecture and great location. The dining room was really nice for breakfast and staff were very courteous.The room was clean, great air conditioning and just a great place to stay.	
Nov 1 2008	Nice hotel	Stayed for 1 night on business, very nice communal areas and I had an upgraded (£20 extra) newly refurbished room but it was MILES away from reception. Fairly small room but well equipt and when the show tray didn't drain away it was fixed very promptly. Room service was speedy but expensive.Location is good for the tube but parking is a little walk away at the local holiday inn.Overall, a good stay but not amazing.	
Oct 29 2008 	Loved the Russell	My husband and I stayed at the Russell four years ago and was hesitant about going back because of some of the reviews. Four of us stayed at the Russell the end of September into October for 10 days and must say we loved every minute of it. A couple of small gliches but things were taken care of promptly. The rooms were spotless and special dietary needs for one of our travelers was taken care of. Took the Euro-star into Paris for the day and was very disappointed due to police activity causing severe traffic jams. Because of the traffic gridlock, we almost missed the train back to London. We will think twice about going back to Paris. Would recommend the Russell to anyone. If you don't like something go straight to the front desk and they will help you.	
Oct 22 2008 	Very Pleasant Stay at The Russell	Ok, at the rack rate I can see why people might be a little picky. I paid just over £200 for two nights in a twin room including breakfast and considering the location i think that's pretty good, considering the hotel standard it's excellent!We didn't actually get the twin room, i had an apologetic call 3 days before to say the hotel had overbooked the twin rooms and would two singles next to each other be ok - no problem at all and it's nice to be told these things before you're stood at reception waiting to check-in. Ok the single rooms were on the small side but it meant we had two bathrooms so getting ready in a morning was much easier.Both rooms were quite traditional but had recently refitted bathrooms. The rooms weren't as modern or contemporary as those shown on the website but were well maintained, smart in an old fashioned kind of way and had sash windows facing onto the street. There was a nice selection of teas, etc on the beverage tray and good quality toiletries in the bathroom. The room was spotlessly clean, the bed comfortable and the shower hot, the main things you need for a pleasant stay. Public areas were absolutely beautiful, modern facilities with the quality decor of a bygone era.On the Sunday morning there was quite a queue for breakfast but they do serve till 12 on a weekend and there was no queue at all when we left the restaurant at 11. It may be annoying if you're in rush but the bar was set up if you just wanted a quick and simple continental breakfast. Breakfast was actually pretty good, we didn't have to wait long for tea/coffee even though they were obviously very busy, there was a decent selection of fruit, cheese and cereals aswell as good quality juices and a piping hot cooked breakfast.I would happily recommend The Russell on my experience, in fact i'm quite sure some of the other reviewers stayed in an entirely different hotel!	
Oct 15 2008 	Great and convenient hotel	I was hesitant to book this hotel based on recent reviews on TripAdvisor. My experience, however, was delightful. I stayed for business for 9 nights, a long enough period to evaluate a range of staff and services. I specifically asked for a newly renovated room after reading reviews here and my room was fine, well-kept and clean. The bathroom was newly renovated as well with nice amenities. Although small by U.S. standards, the single room was adequate for my needs, including several business meetings in my room with UK clients (there are no room pictures on their site except a newly renovated suite, which is not stated). There are several seating areas in the beautiful and spacious lobby that are also appropriate for business conversations, as well as a bar with comfortable seating suitable for quiet small talk.The concierage service was friendly and informative. The location is superb: HSBC Bank and the Post Office (for money exchange as well) are across the street, as well as stationery shops, a 24 hour Tesco mini-market and a shopping mall with restaurants. Russell Square is a lovely park with an outdoor restaurant also across the street. The Piccadilly line is around the corner and makes all of London accessible. The British Museum is two blocks away and other popular museums are on a direct line.I would definitely stay here again and recommend the hotel highly.	
Oct 12 2008	Very disappointed	My Daughter and I had a one night stay at The Hotel Russell as a theatre break, the hotel looks lovely form the outside and the inside stairway is very grand.The reception area is shabby and dull. Our room was dirty my sheets had not been changed,there was black hairs all over the sheets the bath room basin had a crack in it the bath room floor had hairs and dust. I complained and was moved to another room this was clean but very dark and small.The breakfast next morning was very disapointing, I think the credit crunch was showing.This is very sad as this hotel is in parts very beautiful.	
Oct 8 2008 	Not so good the second time...	Stayed at the Russell one year ago and enjoyed it very much. This time not quite as much. Arrived to a 4 hour wait to have the room made ready. Required a room with twin beds, which was requested via the comments section when placing the reservation and a phone call to the hotel, only to be assigned a room with one bed. This was corrected, but lengthed the wait. Recommend travelers have a copy of their confirmation, as this averted any confusion about the room. The front desk staff, while friendly, is not on par with other hotels. The location is convenient to the underground (Russell Station) and bus stop is directly across the street from the hotel. Bloomsbury park has a wonderful cafe convenient for a quick breakfast, at a reasonable price, before starting one's day. The concierge, Bernard, is most helpful.	
Oct 1 2008 	Fantastic!!!	My partner and I have just returned from our weekend break at the Russell Hotel. The hotel is fantastic!! After a short walk from Russell Square tube station (and i do mean a short walk - 2mins approx) we checked in without any problems. We had a room on the first floor, which was absolutley lovely. I think the bed is possibly the comfiest I have ever slept in! Often beds in hotels can be rather on the hard side, but not this one! The room was equipped with everything you need for a short stay - tea and coffee making facilities, ironing board, etc. I did request a refurbished room when I made the booking, as having read some of the other reviews I was a bit dubious as to what sort of state the room would be in. My request was obviously noted as our room was far from shabby, with a lovely bathroom attached to the side.Breakfast was included in the price we paid for the hotel. This was plentiful with a variety of things to chose from, including croissants, fruit salad and a full english breakfast. It was very nice but I don't think it was worth the £20 they charge if you haven't already pre-booked it with your room - a bit steep I think.Unfortunately, Russell Square Station was closed for the weekend we were there for maintenance, but after speaking to the concierge (who was very helpful), he pointed us in the right direction of the nearest station, which was Holborn. This was still only a short walk away (about 10 mins). The location of the Hotel is fanatstic. Within walking distance to Oxford Street and close to a number of tube stations. Fairly central but away from the hustle and bustle. There are a few nice restaurants close to the Hotel, but I would recommend going to Leicester Square of an evening. Loads of bars and restaurnats to choose from!There is so much to do in London a weekend was simply not long enough. However, I do recommend The London Dungeons (very scary!!) and London Zoo. Also, if you like a bargain Camden is a must. Loads of markets and boutiques to nose around.Overall, i would give my stay at the Russell 10 out of 10, and I will definitely be returning in the near future!	
Sep 28 2008 	Becoming tired	I have stayed at the Russell a couple of times in the past. I enjoyed my previous stays immensely. It was two years since my last visit and I felt the whole place was looking tired. I arrived late in the afternoon and found my room was not ready. No big deal really as I only waited 15 minutes.The room was spacious and very comfortable but looking old and tired. The curtain was hanging off its hooks and was too high up for me to fix. It stayed like that for my 6 night stay. There was some confusion over breakfast. The first morning it was apparently included in the booking. The next day my name was not on the 'list' but I was told it would be 'sorted'. This continued for the next few mornings and then on checking out I found I had been charged 80 pounds for breakfast.???? The young fellow at check out told me I was lucky as I should have been charged for every day! Mind you I did have some difficulty understanding some of the accents, so perhaps the problem was mine!!!!Would I stay there again? Not sure. It's close to everything and there are some aspects that are just lovely. However the standard appears to have slipped a little. The staff are not as happy or as helpful as has been my previous experience. Maybe it's time to give another hotel a go.	
Sep 18 2008 	Nice but service was not 4 star quality	I was very excited to book at the Russell for such a great price. The entrance and lobby is quite beautiful and very clean. However, the inefficiency of the front desk was only the beginning of the problems I experienced at the Russell. First they told me that they couldn't find my room...glad I had the confirmation paper. Then they said that they didn't have that style of room available, but that they would put me in a nice room and refund the difference. The first room they took me to was very small, cluttered, and had a view of a brick wall. The hallway outside of my door was being painted and the smell of paint was very strong. I called and asked for another room. They moved me to another floor. The next morning, they began painting there too. I ordered room service one night, and when the order came it was missing the salad and bread. I ordered a gourmet flatbread, and it was burned and covered in grease. When I called the kitchen, they said that their chef was no longer cooking any hot food for the night (even though it was 45 minutes before their advertised closing time). I hung the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on my door after being out very late one evening. At 9am, the housekeeper began calling my room asking when she could come in. Apparently the sign just means that they won't knock, not that they won't disturb at all. Upon check out, I found that the room service meal was on my invoice. When I complained, it took three people to decide to take it off. The location is great, but the service and amenities are certainly not what one would expect from a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 15 2008 	Architectural Beauty inside and out - a relaxing stay.	Stayed here end of August (Bank Holiday) and booked through Last Minute.com - great deal for Room/Breakfast/Dinner. Comfortable Room with usual amenities including a small fridge(not minibar). The ensuite shower room was adequate with a large shower cubicle the drawback was sliding sideways onto the toilet in the gap between it and the washbasin.We had opening French windows onto a small balcony and reasonable airconditioning (only went down to 19C).Dinner had to be booked at least half an hour in advance - though there was not more than a dozen people dining each time we had dinner.Dinner was very good - both taste and presentation -and the staff were very obliging.Our dinner was included in the room rate but 3 courses was £25 or 2 for £20 I think.The tiniest coke I have seen was £2 (200ml).Breakfast was ok but the number of people in the dining room was astonishing - very crowded - we didn't know where they all came from as we were only aware of small numbers of people at any other time and the atmosphere was calm at all other times everywhere.The only slight problem we had was at check in when the reception staff took a little while to sort out our booking and also at check out when trying to finalise our bill. But all was concluded satisfactorily - it just took a little time and patience.There are lots of places close buy to eat and also a small Tesco to buy things to eat and drink and with Tube close by and about a 15mins walk to St. Pancras/Kings Cross this was a very relaxed,pleasant place to stay	
Sep 11 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	Stayed at this Hotel several times over the last 10 years. I find the Hotel pleasant, and a great location. I think standards have slipped since the Hotel changed hands, not drasticly but enough for me to notice.As a single traveler my single room was small, in the past always had a larger room. The room was still comfortable. As for price, i never understand people paying over a £100 pound a night, like i said i've stayed there several times and never paid more than £60 pound a night and this always included full English Breakfast. Try the net or well known travel companies, this Hotel always has offers on.	
Sep 10 2008 	Elegant hotel with contemporary rooms perfect location.	Beautiful hotel, within a 5 minute taxi drive from St Pancras station. We requested a re furbished room after reading some of the reviews on trip advisor, we got one no problems. It was a medium sized room, very stylish, lots of lighting, nice shower room, sky TV etc, the breakfast was lovely, the dining room and hallways within the hotel all elegant and traditional. Overall a great hotel, we will definitely use it again.	
Sep 9 2008 	Good location....	Useful location for West End, Euston, St Pancras etc. Generally well-appointed and furnished, with some nice period features.Better than usual tea-making facilities in room. TV set could have been a more modern model. Efficient, friendly staff, particularly concierge. Good quality foodstuffs at breakfast though choices fell short of being upper-end of four-star, which was also reflected by table settings and down-market paper napkins. Pots of tea and coffee brought to table promptly, and were hot (so often hotel coffee is only luke-warm). Only downside (and one that should be addressed by PH Hotels asap); no double-glazing (we were on fifth floor) so sleep disturbed by noise of revellers downstairs and the hum of the large (central heating?) plant in the central courtyard. Michel Parfois-Sage.	
Sep 7 2008 	Low Quality - High Price	The Hotel Russell continues the inexorable slide in quality of London accommodation. The board or agency that classified this as a four-star hotel need to go to continental Europe where they will find two star hotels that compare very favourably with the Hotel Russell. I stayed in Room 536 and have the following comments to make:Negative- badly stained carpet at the foot of the bed;- there is only one drawer which can reasonably be used for storing clothes - the other three are too small;- the wardrobe is bottomless and, with the limited quantity of hangers available, most of my clothes had to remain in my luggage;- the windows only open by a couple of inches being kept in check, rather crudely, by a couple of wooden pieces screwed to the frame;- no bible anywhere in the room;- to watch TV you have to go through an entire procedure of being welcomed, choosing &quot;entertainment&quot; among other options, by-passing invitations to view pornographic material, and then selecting the preferred channel;- the wall-paper is coming away from the wall at the edges;- the airconditioning unit is unusable emitting a smell which indicates that its filters have not been changed/cleaned for ages;- most members of staff obviously do not use English as their first language and consequently struggle to communicate;- the wooden writing desk has one of its corners that is becoming detached from the rest of the frame.Positive- bathroom facilities are very good;- the bed is comfortable;- breakfast is very good and varied;- staff do their best to help;- ideally located.I reiterate my opinion that this hotel is seriously over-rated. I travel quite often and it permits me to compare hotels. As I said, four-star hotels in Brussels, Amsterdam, The Hague, Malta, Rome, Florence, Bolzano, Vienna, Interlaken, Stockholm, Oslo, Alesund, Dublin and Agrigento are all vastly superior. Indeed, even good old Travel Lodge provide a better service for what is, after all, a modest price.	
Sep 7 2008 	Will DEFINITELY stay here again	Hi - I was a bit worried about staying here after reading the previous reviews (which I read after booking!) but all I can say to the critics is... did we stay at the same place? The hotel was lovely, elegant, friendly &amp; helpful staff from the moment we entered, to the moment we left - the rooms our party (a friend's 40th bash) had were all beautiful and SPACIOUS! (four different rooms in different areas of the hotel) - bathrooms beautiful and clean... I saw none of the cricitical points mentioned here.The breakfast was great - the service staff were really friendly and helpful - and the selection of good food available was really outstanding. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great location	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Russell for just one night in July. Having read a wide range of reports on Trip Advisor, some good and some bad, we were somewhat apprehensive as to what awaited us – in the event it wasn’t too bad. The visit did start with our worst nightmare – they had no record of our booking; however, after a short delay whilst we retired to the bar and having been assured there were rooms available, the problem was sorted and we were allocated a room the 3rd Floor. Whilst clean, well prepared and nicely decorated, it was not the biggest room we have had in a 4* hotel and the bed was just a standard 4’ 6” double (most hotels of a similar standard have at least a king size these days we find). The en-suite had a combined shower and bath which could be difficult for older guests. The weather was warm and so we had to use the air-conditioning, unfortunately it was quite noisy. Typical of too many hotels, there were no coat hooks for wet outer garments (not an issue for us this time). We were disappointed with the lack of storage space which would be a problem for an extended stay and the fact that there was only one armchair. We did like the provision of an empty fridge rather than the usual exorbitantly expensive mini-bar. The public areas were generally well decorated throughout, with the entrance being quite spectacular. As pointed out by other members, there are steps in some corridors which could be hazardous for the old or unwary. Also the corridors have just plain walls which reduces the luxurious feel of the place (see photos). The view from our window was fairly open with roofs nearby and trees in the distance, not too bad for central London we thought. Just below our window was the ‘Friend at Hand’ pub, very convenient considering the hotel bar prices - we paid over £40 for a couple of drinks and two rounds of fairly ordinary sandwiches. Breakfast was good, but be aware that a Continental Breakfast only is served in the bar with a full service standard being available in the Dining Room. Our last point concerns the lifts which seem to have a capacity problem, whilst the notice says 8 passengers (545 kgs) can be carried, the overweight warning went off whenever more than 3 people stepped in – a bit embarrassing for all concerned!! Notwithstanding the minor issues related in this review, we would stay at this hotel again mainly because of its superb location close to many of London’s tourist attractions; for example Covent Garden and many theatres are within walking distance and Russell Square tube station is on the doorstep. The only thing I can conclude from others who have not enjoyed their stay is that amongst 373 rooms there must be some really awful ones.	
Sep 4 2008 	Disappointed return	Returned to this 4 star hotel after a wonderful stay last year. We had booked 3 double rooms. When friends arrived they were told only 1 room had been booked and was not able to check in, they kept them waiting for over an hour, when they had to return to enquire what was happening. The reception staff did not seem to know what they were doing and handled the situation totally irresponsibly. When we finally arrived the situation had been resolved. On checking in were were given what appeared to be staff quarters! ROOM 549 The rooms were outdated, old furniture, worn carpets, tiles grotty in the bathroom, no fridge or mini bar. Outside there was a constant humming of an extractor fan. We were there for three nights. We mentioned to reception that we were very disapointed on the quality of the rooms as last year we were allocated lovely rooms (what you would expect from a 4 star) hence our return. We will not be going back to the Russell. One good aspect of our stay was this hotel is in a great location for sight seeing and the breakfast is ok. VERY DISAPPOINTED GUEST.	
Aug 29 2008 	Will not return	Have stayed here before - thought it was a safe choice. Reception very poor- money deducted from card immediately- took 40 minutes. No plug in bath - told I couldn't have one for health and safety! Fridge didn't work - was not fixed. Breakfast was complete chaos - don't believe them if they say they will set up in the bar - they didn't! Staff overworked and unhelpful. Russell Square tube station shut - could not get alternative routes. Final straw - no wake up call on last morning. Very poor will not return to London for some time. We went on to Bruges to Hotel Tuilereen - what a contrast!	
Aug 21 2008 	Disappointing 4* but great breakfast	I booked this hotel for an overnight stay for a theatre trip to London as a surprise for my husband.I looked at several hotels and booked this one with alpharooms. The deciding factor being that on all the sites it stated that the hotel had undergone refurbishment and it was central and 4*, plus the photos of the bedrooms looked great, very boutique in style.We were given a room that was definitely not refurbished and no bigger than the double bed, the bathroom was down a flight of steps with an unfrosted window and filthy curtains and an emergency exit at the bottom of the stairs???I decided to complain at reception and to be fair they immediately changed the room. I mentioned that the room didn't look like the photos I had seen and she stated that alpharooms should not be using these photos. I also mentioned that on all the sites it states that the hotel rooms had been refurbished but she claimed that just 50% of the rooms had been done. I think going by this, you get what you pay for and if you pay budget then budget you will get! On the plus side - breakfast was great.	
Aug 13 2008 	Fab hotel in brilliant location	My boyfriend treated to a few days in London as my xmas present and this hotel made it really special, having visited London once a year since I was little, I have stayed in a lot of city centre hotels and this is definately the best. The room was lovely with a VERY comfortable double bed, and lovely bathroom with very good shower. It was centrally located ie tube stop just around the corner, and taxi's £5ish into the centre. Breakfast was brilliant and really set you up for the day. The concierge was helpful , recommending restaurants and booking taxis for us. I only wish we could have stayed longer.	
Aug 11 2008 	Fantastic hotel with excellent service and accommodation	Despite reading a few negative reviews about this hotel, I was pleasantly surprised by the Hotel Russell. From the minute we arrived to the minute we left, we had excellent service from the staff, especially the Irish concierge and the duty manager who went out of their way to help us.The room was lovely and was very quiet, ensuring a good night's sleep. The breakfast was excellent with great service - not at all like the reviews posted by other travellers.I would definitely stay there again. I got a great deal with Travel Republic and would recommend this hotel to any visitors planning a trip to London. Theatres etc within 10 minutes walk and the tube on your doorstep.	
Aug 10 2008 	NEVER AGAIN	I have booked this as a Birthday present for my partner to have a day/night out in London. We have enjoyed most of our time apart from our accommodation. I was deeply disappointed regarding our stay apparently in ''four star hotel'' more likely two star. Considering I have paid £116.90 for 1 night for room and breakfast what we have been given was filthy room no. 558 with view on the court yard full of pipes, bins, filth and noisy air vents. The window on our room wasn't probably washed for a year, the room was dusty, lampshades had stains over them and the bonus was the unbearable heat in the bedroom. Generaly the decor was so outdated the hotel should be ashamed to advertise untrue pictures on their website or probably just the ''good rooms''.Aircondittioning went down to 19 degrees, however even that did not help the constant heat. We could not open the window either, because of the noise of the air vents. In the morning we hoped at least our breakfast would be pleasant experience considering the price for continental breakfast is £18.50. How wrong we were! It was like the cattle market, we came to the breakfast cafe only to join a massive que, everything was disorganized and mess. If I am paying £18.50 for 2 croissants and coffee I expect different kind of service!I would also like to point out to you that upon our check into the hotel the receptionist was informing us that if we pay £1 extra we can have a full english breakfast, however when we actually had the breakfast everyone helped themselves to anything anyway so I am not sure if this was some kind of rip off. I can now honestly tell you that I won't be recommending Russell Hotel to any of mine or my partner's friends/family/colleagues and for sure I will never stay at that filthy,filthy and disorganized place again.I booked this through IHR booking services their website was www.bookahotel.com I have also complain to their staff at info@internet-hotel-reservation.com but so far no response.	
Aug 9 2008 	Stay elsewhere	For what you pay here I am sure you could do better. The big positive is that it is close to the tube and the British Museum. Contrary to other reviews we found the front desk staff to be useless. The concierge on the other hand was wonderful. The breakfast was nothing great for the price, cold toast, pedestrian pastries and greasy bacon. The room was large, nice amenities in the bathroom, towel warmer did not work. Coffee, tea and hot chocolate available in the room but no water or bar fridge. We brought drinks up from the bar and the cleaning staff put them in the hallway after the first night, they were still there when we checked out three days later. Phone charges are outrageous. We had a wake up call for 4:30 am to get to the airport, it never came! Tesco, right across from the tube station is handy for drinks and the park across the road is lovely.	
Aug 6 2008 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night on a business trip to London; this is the second time I have stayed at the hotel, I find the hotel a nice change from the ubiquitous modern chains. The exterior is wonderfully unique and is situated on Russell Square only 200 yards around the corner from Russell Sq Tube Station. The room rates are quite expensive, each time I’ve stayed the room I have been allocated has been rather small; however they are well fitted with good quality modern wardrobe units and have adequate storage. There is a built in safe within the units.I found the front desk staff professional and friendly, service with a smile.The foyer gives a feeling of quality, quiet and cool in the surroundings of marble flooring, panels and grand staircase.I only ate breakfast and was impressed with the quality of the food and the service from the staff. When I stayed last August the hotel was extremely busy and we had to queue to be seated in the restaurant and due to the number of “diners” the service was affected and the noise of “chatter” within the room was horrendous. The price of drinks in the hotel bar were as expected, high even for London prices, but the surroundings were pleasant, as you would expect from a building of this age and quality. There are numerous bars and restaurant around the area, both towards Holborn and Covent Garden and up towards Kings Cross.As this hotel is set within a busy urban area, there are the usual night noises. I was woken up by the Holiday Inn garbage collection at 5 am, but I imagine so were most sleepers in the neighbourhood!I would certainly stay here again.	
Aug 3 2008 	Poor Housekeeping	The Hotel is a beautiful property and is decorated to high standard. The location is ideal for visitors to london and handy to the tube and bus stops.The staff were all friendly and helpful and the breakfast was of a good standard served in a lovely and efficent restaurant.The hotel is really let down by its poor housekeeping standards. My bathroom floor and fittings were all dirty with hair from previous occupants everywhere. The floor was not cleaned in the 3 days I stayed and the general housekeeping really let the hotel down. Ironically the bed linen and towels were changed everyday, but they neglected the essentials like cleaning the floor!Plates, glasses and dirty trays were left in hotel corridors for 2 days before they were removed. In a hotel of this standard and size it is not really acceptable. It is a real shame that the standard of housekeeping let the hotel down as otherwise it would have been perfect. The only other warning is that the standard rear facing rooms all overlook the large air con fans and these are extremely noisey 24 hours a day. If you dont like noise whilst trying to sleep, then ask not be located near the fans. If you can tollerate a bit of dirt and noise then its not a bad hotel. My friends stayed at the nearby Radisson and their hotel seemed a better standard for similar money.	
Jul 31 2008 	A grand lady	This is a fantastic hotel within a wonderful historic building. I had a single room, and yes it was small but it was clean and comfortable. The location next to Russell square is pleasant and convenient for the British Museum and the University College London, and London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. The hotel is close to Underground, hop on hop off bus, and bus routes. There are little restaurant enclaves nearby, and a nice book shop (no not Bernard Black's Black books).I found breakfast a bit dissapointing so didn't bother after that. Had fruit from the fruit stall on the corner instead. Much healthier.I'd advise they add some water in the rooms (even $$ bottled water would be good) - woke up very thirst one night and had to go to the bar in my PJs for a glass of water. Felt very silly.	
Jul 30 2008 	Great location - great stay	I stayed in the hotel russell for 3 nights and would recommend this to anyone as a good base for seeing London. The hotel entrance is grand and right on russell square - lovely to sit in and have a coffee beside the fountain. there is a tube station less than 2 mins away. As a woman on my own with 2 teenage daughters I felt very safe using the tube and walking to the hotel. We all shared a room as we got a fantastic rate with the sunday night half price if we stayed fri and sat - worth checking before you book. Although the rooms are small, they are clean and the bathrooms are a fair size with lovely showers. Staff were very helpful and the beds very comfy - just what you want if you are on a whistle stop site seeing tour of london. Major attractions are no more that 3 tube stops and taxi fares ok as fairly central. We went to campden on the sunday which was amazing and great as a base for west end shows. Kings cross station is 1 tube ride but we found it easier to walk with all the cases and it only took 15 minutes at the most. Would stay here again for sure.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a lovely traditional hotel, just out of the center of London, yet only 20 minutes walk into the West End. The pictures on its web-site are exactly as it is, over looking Russell Square. The inside is wonderful. I booked a single room over looking the Square, it had ample space with a nice bathroom attatched. The bed was very comfortable with all a room needs to be a four star hotel. The floor was non-smoking. The staff were friendly from the moment I walked through the door. Although I only stayed one night, I had a lovely breakfast, with a very wide choice. I also stayed for lunch which was just as good. I will certainly come back, a very good traditional hotel, a lovely room, friendly staff and very good food, great for a one night stay for business, a long weekend or even a longer stay in London.	
Jul 13 2008 	Very Nice	We have stayed at other hotels in the area and decided we would try the Russell. It was an excellent hotel. The room was nice, although the decor was bit outdated. The bathroom had been updated. We did have trouble with the heating and a/c unit.Thankfully it didn't bother us.One word of caution, the doors to the corridors are paper thin and we could hear anything &amp; everything in the hallways. If you are a light sleeper this WILL be a problem.The staff at the desk were very pleasant.	
Jul 11 2008 	great hotel	We Booked this hotel through connextions website which had a special offer on at the time and was pleasantly suprised how nice it was even if some reviews were a little negative. I thought this hotel location was great for visiting London being close to the British Museum and a tube station. The reception staff were very polite and friendly. The room was quite modern and it was very clean, and spacious. However we did request a change of rooms for the second night as we found the room we had on the first floor looked inwards on the hotel and had a large air conditioning unit outside the window which meant we had a disturbed nights sleep however the reception staff were very accomodating and arranged for us to have a room facing the outside of the hotel and even moved our bags for us while were out that day. To sum up we had a great stay and will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great hotel great location	I thought this hotel was great. It was pricey, but I expected that for London. The location was amazing; close to the British Museum and a tube station. They were very nice about letting me check in early and told me that if I didn't like my room (since it was the only one available that early) I could wait for a better one. The room was different that any I've ever stayed in - it was two floors, with the bedroom on one floor and the bathroom on another - but I thought it was very charming, clean, and spacious (in fact the bathroom was very large for a hotel). I didn't find it noisy at all, like some other reviewers have said. My only complaint is that the windows can't be opened and the fan didn't seem to work properly. All in all I had a great stay and will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Never again	My wife and I stayed at the Russell hotel in October 2006 when I attended a business conference that was being hosted in the hotel. We stayed there as my institute had negotiated a reduced rate and a formal dinner was being held there in the evening. We arrived and finally got checked in, a long queue of conference attendees in front of us. The room was adequately sized and was clean, but nothing too special about it. The dinner that evening was appalling, and I complained to the event organisers organisers about the quality of the food as well as the cleanliness of the waiting staff. To be frank the waiters who served my table, and employed by the hotel, had severe body odour issues. When I mentioned this to the hotel management I got a stony stared response that it wasn't his problem and to contact the event organisers. Breakfast wasn't included in the package and from all reports it was not up to much. I understand that the local cafes did a good trade from disgruntled guests. I have adivsed my institute not to hold an event there again. Checking out was a nightmare, the bill was wrong and I had to argue with the checkout woman that I did not make telephone calls. A fantastic facade on the outside let down by shabby staff taking visitors to the UK and guests for granted with poor service and surly attitudes.	
Jun 29 2008 	Good but not perfect	I stayed at the Russell for one night in May 2008 to attend a meeting in the hotel conference centre the following day. The room and meeting were organised by my office. The hotel is right on Russell Square and essentially next door to an Underground station, so I found it without any great difficulty. Check-in was relatively hassle-free, but I wasn't too impressed with the attitude of the receptionist, who certainly wasn't what one might describe as &quot;eager to please&quot;. My room was on the first floor and a bit of a trek from the lift, including going up another few steps once on the first floor. This wasn't a problem but if you are a disabled guest it'd be worth requesting a room with more direct access to the lift. The room itself was very comfortable. It was a twin and for London was a very good size with two single beds, wardrobe, work desk and chair, TV, tea/coffee tray, and a large bathroom. There was a window at the far side of the room but it was covered with a film that made it impossible to see outside. I think the room backed onto a wall in any case. This would have made it seem a little claustrophobic had the room not been a good size.The breakfast was a good standard, and held in the grandiose hotel restaurant. No complaints. Our meeting room was reasonably well equipped (see photo), but our coffee and biscuits were located outside the room at the entrance to the conference centre, and this meant that everyone passing by would help themselves to our facilities! We complained and the business centre people were very quick to assist us.After our meeting we went to the hotel bar to make use of the special offer of &quot;1/3 off your first round of drinks&quot; for all conference delegates. It took the best part of 20 minutes before the bar staff would believe we had been to a meeting at the hotel, and quite honestly the fuss they made over deducting what amounted to about £10 from our bill (which was well into the thousands column) almost soured the whole stay!In summary the Russell is a nice hotel, but the staff attitude leaves a little to be desired and for this reason I probably wouldn't choose to stay there again. If I was &quot;placed&quot; there by my office for a night when other hotels were unavailable I'd be happy enough to return.	
Jun 28 2008 	If you love being ripped off - go to this hotel	I wanted a centraly located hotel since I had a number of meetings to attend to and wanted a peaceful night's sleep to meet the next day's challenges. I paid a premium over nearby hotels because of their claims on the website. The whole stay ended up as one of the worst I have had over my 15 years of international travel. To start with the room given to me was more a cubbyhole and not the great pictures they put on the website. When I protested and asked for a better room, i was told they were sold out and nothing could be done.The plumbing in the bathroom was iffy and since i had to rush for meetings, i ignored it thinking they will sort it out by the time i come back in the evening. I was wrong. It was same when i came back and i skipped a soak in the bath tub and took a shower instead - allowing the drain to take its time to drain the water.The hair dryer was not working and despite repeated calls for help , none was forthcoming. Room service took more than 45 minutes and food was delivered cold with little courtesy. By this time, I knew that I had come to the wrong place. I did the best possible thing in the circumstances - checked out as soon as my work was over - promising NEVER TO RETURN AGAIN AND tell the world so that no one else gets fooled by their website. Kim	
Jun 27 2008 	Avoid - much better hotels in London	I have been resisting writing a review, but having now read all the other reviews on this site, I thought that I should also make my contribution. TravelAdvisor has been good to me in the past, so I probably should give something back. I stayed here in July 2007, with a friend, and booked via wotif.com The location and price was what convinced me to stay here. We stayed here on two occasions, and had different rooms and prices each time. The first time, we were offered an upgrade to a executive room for an additional 40pounds, and took the offer. The room was very nice (see pictures), although incredibly noisy. I am used to staying in cities, and most good hotels nowadays have double-glazed windows - this room didn't, which meant that I slept between 4 - 5am, when London noise takes a bit of a lull... The location was very good though - close to the British Museum, walking distance to Soho, etc. - and the little shopping area around the corner (near the tube station) was a place to have a cheap, and wholesome breakfast. So, it was okay.The second time, we weren't offered an upgrade, so we stayed in a centre room, that looked out into the airconditioning system. The room was tiny, so small that you had to climb over the bed to get to the other side of the room. A very uncomfortable night's sleep. All in all, I think that there are much better hotels in London, and the same price. So, avoid the Russell, even if it is mentioned in Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats by T. S. Eliot.	
Jun 22 2008 	At least it was reasonably priced	Stayed here recently while in London on business. Overall, I wouldn't stay here again, although it might be ok for vacation at a cheap enough price.Pluses(1) Reasonably central location, e.g. if visiting tourist sites like the British Museum(2) Discounts available, making it moderately priced by London standardsMinuses(1) Poor service - calls to guest services took &gt;10 rings to be answered; long queues at check-in / check-out; asked for newspaper preference at check-in, only to be charged at check-out (i.e. not told that newspapers were not free)(2) Room faced an internal courtyard and had no view (windows were frosted). At least it didn't face the busy main road(3) Although bathroom was renovated, bedroom furniture was tired and did not look like it had been renovated(4) No gym	
Jun 17 2008 	Would not return	I have just stayed at this hotel for 1nt, and to be honest, that night couldn't be over quick enough!The room was so compact I found it difficult to sleep as felt very squashed in!The breakfast was ok when we were eating it..but we both had bad tummies after!The communal areas of the hotel are quite elegant and it is in a good location to get to Covent gdn, Trocadero etc, however, I think the room size is terrible	
Jun 16 2008 	Don't Stay Here You Might Have an Experience Like Ours	We normally book 4 &amp; 5 star hotels ourselves but as we wanted to visit both the 1st Emperor and Tutankhamen exhibitions in this instance we used the travel company, Superbreak. We asked for adjoining rooms as we had our 15 year old son with us. When we got to the hotel the rooms we had were next door to each other but with no interconnecting door, we were told that joining rooms are not available. The size of the rooms we had, 309 and 310, were incredibly small for a 4 Star hotel. The rooms had an unplugged fridge in them, and no minibar. The quality of the television pictures was very poor. The tea making facilities were not replenished after the first night.Our bathroom was particularly shabby, the blind was ripped at the bottom, water didn’t go down the sink very easily and when I took the stopper out to speed up the flow, there was something really horrible down it, it looked like it hadn’t had a through clean in years. The wall at the side of the toilet was splattered with goodness knows what.Breakfast food was good but, the staff wanted to take the plates away from you while you were still chewing your last mouthful of food, on the second day there was no milk on the table and several of the other tables nearby when one of the guests asked for milk a chorus went up of can I have some too please.We tried room service and they ended up giving us the meal for free! We asked for the hot steak sandwich and the vegetable and buffalo mozzarella sandwich. After waiting an hour we rang down to ask where it was and it arrived with the waiter saying that they had written the room number down as 316 not 310 but the food was OK they had kept it warm. The food was awful, cold chips and one of the sandwiches burnt. We rang down to reception and asked for it to be done again. When the waiter brought it up he virtually refused to take away the first lot saying you’ve got it for free eat it all. It was only when we insisted that he took the first lot away with him.The bar was very dimly lit, but that was fine what was a bit astonishing was the service which was not the same for everyone. When we went in we knew we wanted 2 Kir Royals, which is normally crème de cassis and Champagne. The man behind the bar said we had to sit down and his colleague would come over and take the order. So we did, but she didn’t come, in the meantime other people came in the bar and he made them drinks???? Why??? Eventually we summoned over the young lady who did take our order, but when it arrived it was champagne and strawberry juice which we drank and left as we were a bit disheartened by the whole experience.I wouldn’t recommend the hotel to anyone else as I think the quality is far from four star. I was very disappointed in the whole experience.We wrote to the hotel via Superbreak with the comments above and the hotel offered us a free nights accommodation. We decided to give the hotel another chance and tried to take the offer of a free night by contacting the writer of the letter by email, and after receiving no reply, also by telephone which just goes straight to voicemail and after leaving two messages I’m still waiting for a reply.I would avoid this hotel like the plague	
Jun 3 2008 	Great Location	Stayed at the Russell Hotel for 3 nights in May. The location is fantastic - within walking distance of lots of the main sights - Covent Garden, Theatre District, British Museum, Oxford Street - and Russell Square underground is literally 2 mins walk to reach the rest of the city.Hotel room was quite small, but very comfortable and clean and all you need for a city break. Breakfast was nice - hot and cold buffet and the staff were all very friendly and helpful.Only down side was extremely over priced bar - but plenty of other places nearby - so no need to go there!Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 2 2008	Great cheap(ish) find :)	Booked direct with hotel , day before for £125 per night with full english breakfast, upgraded room to an ambassador for free.Room was spacious, air conditioned, clean, first floor with a balconey.Hotel was perfectley situated, 20 min walk to oxford street. 2 tubes within walking discount, (5 min and 7 min) and the bus stopped right by the hotel (no 188) that goes to o2 arena, took exactly one hour.Breakfast was adequate with a good amount of choice available.Only gripe was the noise from the main road, it is a very busy road, all day and night. Personally i would ask for a room higher up than the 2nd floor, and preferably at back of hotel, otherwise i would definately stay here again, as two women travelling alone, walking back from tube, bus to o2 etc, it felt perfectly safe, and we rounded the evening off with a great curry the first night from restaruant 3 min walk down the road, or the meal in the hotel 2nd night.	
May 28 2008 	poor	Stayed for weekend, not impressed,, rooms very basic, staff not very helpful, more of 3 * ... Breakfast was average ....	
May 26 2008 	Good - just beware of the telephone charges	The room was small but comfortable. Having a small refrigerator and coffeemaker was very useful since I could save on breakfasts. Location is excellent.But - beware that they charge 70p per minute for local phone calls! One brief call added more that $6 (U.S.) to my bill!	
May 25 2008	Elegant grand hotel	Hotel Russel. A grand, elegant hotel. Great location being on top of Russel Sq tube, and a short stroll to the British Museum. Just loved the foyer and public rooms, marble, mosaic, stained glass, polished brass. Very nice. I had a standard double room, not huge, but very understated and elgantly furnished. Neat but small bathroom but nowhere to put things. The only let down was the queue to get into the dining room for breakfast, not 4*! The poor staff were running up and down trying to keep up! Surely this can be improved. Otherwise a great stay, and if you can get a deal for about 100 pounds for a double room as I did, then I highly recommend it.	
May 20 2008 	This is a great place	An old and characterful building with a great facade overlooking Russell Square in London, my wife and I did not expect this class of hotel for the money. The twin room was large and well appointed (fridge etc), the plumbing worked (if that seems an odd comment you have not stayed in enough hotels), even proper reading lights. Breakfast was good but not quite great, the staff cheerful and helpful.The hotel is in an excellent location close to the Russell Square tube station (maybe 100 yds?), the Brunswick shopping arcade, a Tesco Express 24 hour, the British Museum just across the square, 10/10 for location.There's only one downside and it's the traffic noise in London - not exactly the hotels fault, take our advice and pass up the view of the square for a quieter room around the back, ask for a high floor.	
May 20 2008 	Fanstastic location if more than a little noisy!	We stayed from 16th - 19th May 2008 and had a very nice stay!The Room was an 'ambassador' room which we were upgraded as a freebie. Check- in was non fussy and delivered with competence. Although I had requested a non-smoking upper floor and quiet room we were given a 2nd floor front of hotel room that had an ashtray!! The size of the room, which was a lot larger than expected, made up for the obvious lack of attention to my requests.The plumbing worked brilliantly and the beds were comfortable. This was a refurbished room which was really clean, spotless in fact and boasted a small ironing board, fridge (that didn't work) room safe and tea making facilities. The room was a tick away from the lift (one of 3) and noise from the interior of the hotel was nil - which is more than can be said about the traffic and street noise.....The Russell is on errrrr.... Russell Square is is very noisy all day and all night. The first night was horrendous and it seemed that sirens and horns were blaring all night long - no double glazing here chaps! The second night was better or was it just us getting used to it??The deal came with breakfast and that was really just ok. Cooked section was the most visited by the patrons at the time but there was also some pastries, yoghurt and cereals. The tables had not been overseen very well and if you were shown to a table in the middle of the room then somebody had to walk round the end of the row of tables to get to the other side as there were no gaps between to squeeze through. The condiments were not checked to see if they needed re-filling or indeed if there was any at all on the table! The mini Jam, marmalade and honey were not replaced if used. So, you could end up on a table as we did on our second morning with - no salt and pepper, no spoons, and a selection of Strawberry jam and honey out of a possible selection of 4 different jams etc. There were a lot of staff waiting around so this was negligence rather than understaffing.The location was great! Minutes away from Russell Square tube and just round the block from the British Museum. Across from the tube station was a Tesco metro store and further on was the Brunswick Centre where you could shop, eat and have a coffee without traveling too far from base, lovely. Unfortunately I didn't see any way for a disabled patron to access the building. There are steps up to the hotel lobby and no signs to offer an alternative entrance with a ramp or lift. Once inside the hotel access for disabled was fine as the lifts serviced all floors incuding the breakfast room with ease. Would stay again, if in London for a visit - yes there were some small 'oversights' but not enough to really spoil the stay.	
May 15 2008 	Left a lot to be desired and beware of getting locked in your bathroom	We stayed at the Russell for a family weekend break. On arrival our room wasn't ready which was OK as it was only 11.30am so we left our luggage with the concierge but then were told the room may not be ready until 5.00pm which I thought was a little late. Of we then went to Covent Garden, came back at 4.00pm and were given the keys to our room which had not been refurbished and was looking very dated.I went to the bathroom in the room, and then found I couldn't open the door to get out! Not good, especially as this could have been a child stuck in there. My husband called maintenance who came up some 10 minutes later and used a chisel to unstick the catch on the door. He told us this regularly happens in some of the 'older' rooms which begs the question why aren't these rooms taken out of service and the door catches repaired ??? What if there had been an fire in the hotel and someone was stuck in a bathroom - not a nice thought....I called reception and asked to be moved as there was obviously a real problem in this room, and we were immediately swopped to a second room. When we got to this room we found it was a disabled room which is not really much good when both my husband and I are over 6 foot tall and the sink is rather low as it is of course designed for wheelchair users. Again, I contacted reception who eventually decided that they would upgrate us for our trouble and moved us to a third room.This room was much better than the previous 2 and had a fantastic view of Russell Square so I guess it worked out OK in the end for the room, although it is one of the very few 'Upper 4 star' hotels that does not provide a trouser press or bathrobes in the room.As other reviewers have said, the hotel is very dated in some areas, although has been restored to its former glory in others.We found most of the staff to be very helpful, although we felt that the service in the bar was very slow and the drinks prices were pretty high, even for central london.Breakfast was taken in a rather cramped dining room and I would rate the food as average. Also, perhaps this is a small thing, but I was not terribly happy at having to go hunting around for salt and pepper as there was none out on the tables! We eventually borrowed some from the guests at the next table as they had managed to find some on an empty table!The location of the hotel is great with Euston and Kings Cross mainline stations within an easy 10 minute walk, and about 15 minutes stroll from Covent Garden. Russell Square tube is only a minute away, and Holborn about 6 minutes walk.All in all, for what we paid for our stay, I wouldn't say it really was value for money and the hotel doesn't really justify its upper 4 star rating. There are many other hotels in the near vicinity for the same sort of price which offer higher levels of service and more realistic prices for food and drink.	
May 14 2008 	19th Century Grandeur -- Perfect Location	The Russell is one of my favorite hotels. The Bloomsbury location is simply the best, a charming area filled with bookstores, small shops, the British Museum -- within walking distance of the theater district/Chinatown. The Russell is also right next to the Russell Square underground stop. I had previously stayed near Sloan Square &amp; hated that location -- a boring residential neighborhood of long, wide, hard-to-cross bullevards, long walks to any restaurants, etc.. For those who love atmospheric old-fashioned charm, you will be happy with Bloomsbury and The Russell. When I was a student staying at small London B&amp;B's (hold the soggy cornflakes) I used to walk by the Russell and dream of staying there. Huge, grand late-19th Century railroad hotel; beautiful winding staircase, breakfast in the large, lovely old dining room with high Victorian windows. We got an excellent deal on the rate through British Airways. I recommended the hotel to my sister, who stayed at the Russell with her husband &amp; two teenage sons last year (2007), and they were very pleased. It's not five-star luxury, but a very comfortable &amp; charming hotel in the perfect location. I've always found London hotels to be ridiculously overpriced but the Russell was good value for money. When I return to London, I will definitely try to stay at the Russell again.	
May 12 2008 	Small but well appointed rooms and fresh modern bathroom in splendid setting	A very pleasant four star hotel. A wow reception and Victorian lobby but I got the feeling it had once been grander and that a lot of public space had been converted into conference facilities. Efficient staff and fast if small lifts. Lovely wide corridors gave a feeling of space and opulence and the room was small but modern, luxurious and stylish. The bathroom was snug but modern and spotless, equiped with luxurious toileteries and a stand in shower with no bath but a great powershower. Pleasant airconditioning and tea and coffee facilities, plenty of storage, ironing board in the room and a good tv but no DVD. No dressing gowns or slippers unfortunately but there was a turndown service so when we came back our beds had been fluffed up etc. Dire view onto a ventialation shaft, disguised by the use of opaque windows, which also turned out to be a little noisey. An average mass produced buffet breakfast in an overcrowded Victorian dining room but with good service. Good location on Russell Square with the tube station a minute away, along with a Tesco mini supermarket on the doorstep and the Brunswick Centre shopping centre a couple of minutes away. There is a smart Carluccio cafe there too, and within five minutes there is Gay's The Word bookshop and also an open air farm. Ten minute walk to St Pancras Station and the Eurostar and a hop from the British Museum.	
May 5 2008	old elegance	me and my husband decided to treat ourselves to a short break and a show in london before christmas and we couldnt of wished for a grander hotel.after the initial confusion of the room the stay was great the room was spacious and the bathroom lovely,very clean with all that you would need for a few nights stay.the breakfast was a lovely hot buffet with all the extras for a coninental if required,the grandure of the hotel was breathtaking with a fabulouse marble staircase and lobby.the staff were helpfull apart from the head barman who didnt seem to want to serve us.overall a beautiful hotel within walking distance of the centre of london.we would advise buying a bus pass to get around as they are well worth the money and you get to see all you need over a few days.	
May 1 2008 	Reasonable Hotel in a Nice Location	I stayed in this hotel last week for five nights. I found the staff helpful and friendly. The room was on the small side but was more than adequate and the bathroom was very big. Nice range of toiletries. Breakfast food was good. Excellent location with the park opposite and the tube station just around the corner. It wasn't particularly cheap at GBP185 per night (including breakfast) but I would definitely consider staying there again.	
Apr 28 2008	russell is the best	We went to london for two theatre nights, great location not far to walk to covent garden. The room was tastefully decorated and very clean. The breakfast was very enjoyable and plenty of choice. The staff were helpful and friendly, I would definately recommend the Russell and would return.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great Makeover	Just spent two days here on a business trip.Having seen the rates was glad the firm were paying.Pity they didn't pay the bar bill-pretty steep even for London.My room was on the 1st floor overlooking a sidestreet, excellent well laid out great ensuite fridge etc what a great bed.The public rooms were great lots of marble this was the Hotel for the &quot;White Star Shipping Line&quot;high ceilings and wonderful staircases,the resturant is believed to be a copy of one on the Titanic.Comments have been passed about breakfast,we found nothing but great service with a full hotplate and lots of helpful staff.Reception merits a 5* very helpful, a special vote of thanks for Franscesca who worked wonders with our multilpe booking.	
Apr 21 2008 	Had a great room	Stayed with colleagues at a work event.Had a fantastic room at the front, with extremely comfortable bed.Breakfast in the morning was quite crowded and difficult to get served with toast and coffee, but the food was fine.Service in the bar was good, but a bit pricey, but it is central London.	
Apr 20 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	I found the Russell to be a wonderful hotel. The location was quite conveinent, right off the Piccadilly Line, handy for getting to the airport, and getting around on the tube, and very close to Covent Garden as well. The hotel faces Russell Square which is a lovely park in and of itself and is right around the corner from the British Museum.Our room was nothing less than spectacular. We were on the 3rd floor facing the square. The room was pretty large, with a sizable bath, and comfortable beds! The shower was awesome, it had a big rainfall shower head with great pressure (we didn't find this everywhere we went!). There is a Tesco Express around the corner so we loaded up our fridge with wine and other refreshments so we could relax when we got back from each day's adventure. The room also had a kettle, teas, coffees, and snacks left in it each day. We could on occassion hear the noise from the traffic (horns/sirens), but even as a light sleeper it didn't bother me at all. Reception was very helpful as well, both during checkin and with questions about the city itself. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at the Russell and would recommend to anyone traveling to London.	
Apr 17 2008 	Great location - Good value for money	Booked via Laterooms. Great location. Literally right next to tube station. Good 10-15 minutes walk to Covent Gardens...however a Weatherspoons is on the walk down so a great place for a stop off drink or ideal for breakfast. I would recommend to others and also stay again. Good rooms and very helpful staff	
Apr 12 2008 	Awful - never again	I spend over 100 nights a year in hotels in the UK, so I am quite used to the vagaries of hotel room quality. The Russell was simply awful. Knowing the location, I had asked for a quiet room on my reservation. The first offering was a single glazed room on the second floor looking straight out onto the HVAC fans. The second room was a joke. We only stayed because we were already late for a meeting. The bedlinen was worn and torn; the security chain was missing; the phone didn't work so we couldn't ring housekeeping; the secondary glazing had been removed; the walls and skirtings were dirty and scruffy; the window catches didn't work; there was no soap; the mattress was small, and worn out, so it gave no support; there was a banging door to the service stairs opposite; housekeeping were knocking the following morning even though we had not checked out; so - what should a hotel room offer? Clean, safe, comfortable, quiet? Not at the Russell and at £128 without breakfast, this should be against the law.I'll not stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Superb!!	Came to London for a romantic break, and Russell Hotel played a big part in accomplishing this!On arrival at the hotel, the receptionist informed us that she had upgraded us to a suite! The suite was decorated in an old fashioned style but was very 'Londonish', and added to the atmosphere. The suite was lovely with a 4 poster bed, warm and had a fabulous view across Russell Sq. The staff were very friendly, and the concierge were very helpful. The hotel itself is a magnificent sight, especially the mosaiq floor and the staircase!The location is fabulous and a 2 minute walk from Russell Sq Station, which is on the Picadilly Line. We had a wonderful time at Russell Hotel. We would recommend it to anyone going to London.	
Mar 29 2008 	enjoyable experience	I stayed here with my 11 yr old son. We had a twin room which was cosy and the bed was really comfortable. No view but that wasn't important as we didn't feel we paid a huge amount. The breakfast was included in the price and was excellent. The service was great and staff friendly. Transport was close by as well as supermarket and post office. High price for internet but there's an internet cafe down the road which only charge £1 for 30 minutes. Can't comment on the bar or dinner as we went out to some of the local eateries which were all within walking distance. We walked to Trafalgar sq in 15 minutes but if you don't like to walk - public transport is easy. The hotel is very close to the Russell Sq station. Although the room was serviced late - it can be done earlier if requested. Concierge very helpful and friendly. Only real negative is the smell that permeates the room every now and then. Other than that - it was excellent.	
Mar 28 2008	what is going on here?	The smallest room I have ever stayed in. Tiny TV, no refrigerators, cold, smelly heating. Beware rooms are mis-advertised on Expedia. Tried 3 different rooms all with different problems, noise, cold. Old and shabby, a 2 star hotel.	
Mar 20 2008 	A waste of a beautiful building	Had to stay here on business and as it was a late booking it was the nonly one I could get in (wonder why it always has rooms available??) Have stayed many times and filled in their guest comments but never received a response or seen any improvement. The room was very nice but the smell of drainage as soon as you enter the hotel is awful and permeates corridors and the lifts. Room was very comfortable but small. Bathroom was very clean and bright. Main problem with this hotel is the extortionate prices in the bar - even in pouring rain my colleagues and I went to a pub for a drink. The restaurant is a lovely room but the food is mediocre to poor. It cost me £52 for three courses and one glass of wine. Could have eaten at Gordon Ramsays for this much. Company pays the food bill but if I have to stay herer again I will forgoe that and have a meal at one of the nearby Italian restaurants. Staff throughout the hotel are very friendly and helpful but the hotel lets itself down badly with the highly priced bar and the poor restaurant. Oh and the drains.....	
Mar 11 2008 	lovely hotel shame about the restraunt	lovely hotel would recomend but only b&amp;b . dinner menu very limited and resteraunt no atmosphere. super location staff efficient very comfy bed	
Mar 11 2008	Old and cold	Simply put: nice but old (infrastructure.) Summary:The room was cold, as was the shower. And the drainage was poorly functional. And the maid did not make the room (until 2:30pm).Details: I booked (through Expedia.de) a single room for 2 nights early March. The room did not have a radiator but an airconditioning unit, which I almost never see in 4* hotels. The unit seemed really old and it was blowing cold air (not because it reached the set temperature). Furthermore, it was installed opposite the bed, thus it blew the air on the bed and on me (trying) to sleep. After requesting and getting a new room, in the new room the air-conditioning was only blowing on maximum fan speed irrespective of the setting I put! That was very annoying at night. As for the shower... The water temperature was from very cold to almost bearable. The left knob on the shower was allowing warm water only after you had turned the cold water on. Never enough warm water though!! You could never have even lukewarm water in the shower.The sink had a problem with the drainage. e.g. It took half a minute for the water to go down the drain after washing my teeth. Similar with the shower. So the sink was always a bit gooey.The first day I left the room around 9.30 and came back at 14:30. The room had not been serviced. A minute after my arrival a maid came asking if she could make the room. She did not understand (russian) my complaints about the time so she proceeded to only clean the bathroom.All in all. Good looking hotel with really old infrastructure! I would not go again.	
Feb 28 2008 	Upgraded	On arrival we discovered to our delight that we had been upgraded to the Queen Anne suite with four poster bed so this review is unavoidably biased toward the positive. The room was excellent and overlooked Russell Square. It was spotlessly clean and the bed and bedding were comfortable. We also had a balcony which we could actually access - normally hotel window/door openings are restricted! Something to bear in mind if you have children !Unfortunately, there are a lot of road works at the moment so it was a bit noisy in the morning. Not something the hotel can do a lot about - so bring your earplugs if you want a lay in?? Hotel staff were pleasant, friendly and efficient. Bar prices aren't that expensive for a London Hotel and at least it was a good glass of wine.The breakfast is around £20 per person !! however there is a small cafe about 100 metres walk up Woburn Place on the right just before the British Medical Association HQ. which does a decent cooked breakfast and vegetarian breakfast for around £6 a person.	
Feb 17 2008	Quality hotel and good value for money...	You get what you pay for in London. So what do you get here? Well... if you go for the cheapest rooms - as my daughter did - you get a small but perfectly adequate room for two people at around £120 a night in a high quality hotel which, while not in the West End, is in a pretty good area of London (very close to the British Musuem &amp; Regents Park, close to the tube and surrounded by the beautiful squares of Bloomsbury) - and, for the price, you really can't complain because the reception areas, lounge etc of the hotel are excellent and, the breakfast is first class.If you go for the more expensive &quot;Ambassador&quot; rooms as I and my wife did - we paid £150 for the night, which, in central London terms is good value - you get a large, well appointed room with two double beds (if you go for the twin bedded option) and a huge bathroom.We live close to London and stay there regularly (from five star to three star) and, as a result, we know what you get for the price... to us, both rooms were excellent value. The only reason we can see for negative reviews is because people are comparing London prices to somewhere else... unfortunately, life's not like that and, in London terms, this is a pretty good deal.	
Feb 4 2008 	Great Room Fine Location	Right off of Russell Square, we were pleased to see how neat and contemporary our moderately-sized room was. Beds/Bedding were 10/10 for us--and we're picky on our sleep. Very quiet rooms.Tube stop was right around the corner (very convenient), and the British Museum was just a couple of blocks away. This area is hotel-filled, but I was glad we chose the Hotel Russell. Location is not a destination, per se (like Covent Garden is), but it was a nice compromise, and quieter at night.Desk staff was friendly and helpful--we checked in around 10, and they were so kind to give us a room immediately. The concierge (or the person standing in for the concierge?) was polite, but uninformed about anything. Pub in Hotel was nice, but we didn't do anything in their restaurant). Got a room with a courtyard view (nice enough, from the 7th floor!), and a view of the Square would have been nice, but overall we were very, very pleased with our stay.	
Jan 27 2008 	Hotel was GREAT	We stayed at this hotel for my husband Birthday, was only 5 mins walk from Euston train station, the hotel was very clean, rooms were up todate, staff was great and breakfast was very good (lots of choice), a little walk from all the attractions (ladies take flat shoes) just outside our hotel was the BIG BUS COMPANY was only £20.00 each for the whole weekend you can get on and off all day which was great ,we got to see all the things we wonted too. At night London was very busy all the bars and resturants were full, so if you know what resturant you wont, I would book before you go. Saw no trouble and people very helpful. Just got back and thinking of taking the chidlren with us next time.	
Jan 22 2008 	lovely weekend	Having read the mixed reviews I was a little concerned,but - couldn't fault it. Staff were friendly and efficient- all areas of the hotel were spotless- housekeeping manager came round to the rooms checking everything was ok. Breakfast was busy - but what do you expect in a large hotel - although busy very well organised. There was some noise from the street in the early hours but that's teh fault of the drunken idiots not the hotel. Would definitely go and again.	
Jan 19 2008	Great Location 	I stayed at the Russell Hotel for four nights recently. The first night we were in a superior grade room which was fabulous ...... after reading the reviews on here it seems the rooms vary greatly.The superior room was huge !! and had a view over the square. This room cost £30 per night more than the standard room &amp; well worth the price. The bathroom was also large and very well decorated. ( recently renovated )The standard room we stayed in for three nights was of similar standard of furnishing but much smaller... and was cheaper too ..we paid £42 per person for room with breakfast. The hotel is a spectacular building &amp; the main stairway is beautiful . We found the reception staff to be really friendly and helpful .Breakfast service is shambolic ... There was a huge queue for a table .. lots of untrained staff roaming around not clearing tables ... which held the queue up ... hot food is £1.00 extra and they continually ran out off eggs/bacon/suasage I enjoyed the stay as the location is superb ... walking distance to oxford Street &amp; Covent Garden &amp; the room was value for money ..If they got their act together with the serving staff it would be a pleasure to stay there	
Jan 15 2008 	4* ????????????	We stayed at The Russell Hotel on an overnight stop in order to catch an early Eurostar. Well it was just awful! The room was tiny, Just sqeezed in a 4'6&quot; bed . In order for my husband to get in to it he had to climb over a coffee table, and chair. There was no room to go into the furniture removal business. The bathroom had a very short bath and the smallest of cloakroom sized basins. The windows looked out on to a &quot;well&quot; into which all the air conditioning units seemed to discharge. The noise was unacceptable and on all night. At 4.00am the noise level doubled. A sleepless night. So much for total refurbishment. All the old furniture must have gone into that room, it was battered and not matching. This was not a last minute booking as we had reserved it in July last year and I am sure they were not fully booked at that stage. Maybe all the money was spent on the entrance hall........... I would not touch this place with a barge pole in future.	
Jan 14 2008 	beware your room	arrived early saturday morning given room on first floorit was a long way from lifts up and down steps and along shabby corriders the room was small dark and at the side of all the hotel fans not for me thank yousecond room was on the 8th floor lift to 7th floor not a problemthe room was a lot better brighter and when the heating was on got quite cosyno hot water up there morning or evening forget a shower!breakfast was excellentthe bar is a total rip off 2 plates of sandwiches 1 red wine 1 whiskey came to £30.40p ouch!!!the hotel is well placed for all sights but beware of your room and the bar!i feel this hotel looks very tried .	
Jan 12 2008 	Not bad	We stayed one Friday night in this hotel which was 100% full. We tried to check in at 11:00, but the rooms weren't ready, so we left our bags with the concierge and came back later. We had two single rooms overlooking the square, on the third floor. The room was small but had plenty of furniture, although the wardrobe was very small for anything other than a short stay. You had to manoeuvre round the easy chair to get into the bathroom.The bar service (at 11pm) was very slow and the staff didn't seem to be in any hurry to clear away empty glasses from the tables. The bar was very busy.When I checked the room on arrival, I noticed the heated towel rail in the bathroom wasn't working and I mentioned it to reception, who said they would send someone up to fix it. It wasn't fixed during my stay. I think the towel rail was the only form of heat in the bathroom, so it was quite nippy when I had a shower the next morning!The bed was comfortable and despite facing the main street, the room was remarkably quiet. I only heard one lot of guests making their way past. The bathroom was fine, apart from the lack of heating, shower worked well and everything else was OK too.We had breakfast included in the rate and this is where the hotel let itself down. We had to queue to get into the small restaurant, and queue again to get to the buffet. The cereals and juices were separate from the main buffet and were easy enough to obtain, although the juice jugs were all empty and there were no glasses available. The fruit and yoghurts etc and the hot breakfast were all in the same place, so the same queue was serving two different parts of the buffet, it would have been better to separate them. the food was OK, but the value at £19 was appalling, I'm just glad it was included in my room rate. This is an OK hotel, and I'd happily stay again.	
Jan 12 2008 	Ripped Off at the Russell	After having difficulty finding a room in London we eventually ended up at the Russell Hotel in Russell Square. The location is ideal for getting to most areas of London, but it is very expensive!My room excluding breakfast was £250 and this was a standard room. Outside the hotel is very grand and the entrance and reception areas don’t disappoint. The rooms themselves are more like small studio flats. The layout was very stylish and modern with a flat screen and LCD TV and chrome and glass bathroom fittings. After checking in and getting ready to go out for the evening I gave the bar a try. As with a lot of hotels I ended up having to have an argument over my room allowance which they didn’t have a record of until they bothered to check! The bar wasn’t very well managed as there was only one draft beer left out of three and one choice of bottled larger. Everything else was “out of stock”. After our night out we tried the bar again. £16 for two glasses of standard scotch. Yes that’s right a total rip off. We calculated they must be knocking a £18 bottle of whisky out for about £75!The breakfast area was excellent with carved sculptures in the ceiling a really grand area, and the selection of breakfast options was pretty good.Overall this hotel is beautiful and in an excellent spot, but is extremely expensive and I’m sure there are equally good hotels in London for a better price.	
Jan 11 2008 	Good location curious turret room!	The Russell is a stone's throw from the tube which is brilliant. Staff on check in were nice, very polite and the reception area was impressive. Our room was a curious offering, in one of the turrets - and as you'd expect, was a round room! With that in mind it wasn't a huge room, but it was comfortable. We had a small problem with heating, and after reporting it, a maintenance guy arrived promptly to fix it. Bathroom was lovely, almost new, well maintained and very clean - fabulous shower and fluffy towels. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel, we tend to find them too pricey if you don't get a deal with it included, but there's a mini-mart not far and a couple of cafes either within walking distance or a hop or two on the tube. We did eat in the bar for a lunch which was nice and a generous portion and price wise, wasn't bad for a London hotel. We booked late and consequently got a good deal. We walked from there to the British Museum, probably about a 15 minute walk, but worth a visit if you get the chance, it's just a great place. And if you want a breath of fresh air from your hotel room, you have the gardens of Russell Square opposite.All in all, a good London Hotel at a good rate even without late booking discounts. I'd definitely stay again.	
Jan 2 2008 	Take your Corn Flakes	Having been to this hotel before my wife and I wished to share our experience with our children, so I booked in June for New Years Eve. In total we paid £400 for 2 rooms. The rooms were on the 3rd floor and were comfortable with no issues. Th problem came when my 3 daughters went for breakfast to be told that breakfast was £19 each plus unless they gave a credit card they would have to leave. I had left my Card inprint on check in which they failed to note. We were very disapointed and I rasied this on check out only to be told we could go and have breakfast at that point. Sad to say that 5 people for breakfast at £100 in total spoiled our first day in 2008 especially when I was told that continetal breakfast was in the price at the time of booking.	
Jan 1 2008	Brilliant great value for money. Upgraded and super room. Very clean and staff	Visited new Years Eve Booked via website (e bookers) fabulous room, upgraded on registering, very clean, wll appointed and great for London on NYEve. Cant fault the place. Excellent !	
Dec 30 2007 	great location	I initially booked a room in the Novotel and was informed 2 weeks before my arrival date that they had over booked so they offered me a room in the Russell Hotel. I read the reviews and was a little anxious, however the room was small but clean and well equiped. The staff were friendly and the location is fab, literally less than 1 minute from the tube. Only downside, breakfast is manic, you need to be in the restaurant before 8.15 if you want to avoid a lengthy queue and it was just ok nothing special and let the hotel down a little. I would go back though but would prefer to use a local cafe for breakfast next time. Bars are close by and are some what cheaper than the hotel.	
Dec 21 2007	Don't opt for the Breakfast!	We did and were very sorry. It is very overpriced, and inedible, far below expectation even for a buffet.We were also very disappointed in the hotel. The room was mediocre and would classify as terrible for the price. The staff was indifferent, way too busy to assist. We needed to print a boarding pass, which they refused to help with, but guided us to their 7 pound internet facility.I would not stay here again and would not recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 11 2007 	We loved the Russell	We are regular weekenders to London and have stayed in some nice hotels however the Russell was by far the best!We booked here for my wifes birthday with our 2 friends,stayed for 2 nights weekend 23-25 /11/07. All the staff were very friendly and could not do enough for us and booking in was very easy.The deal came with continental breakfast but we opted for the full english breakfast which was a bargain.The hotel itself was already decorated for christmas and looked superb having been to NYC did remind us all of the Plaza from the Home Alone film.(Just our opinion)Not far from anywhere really either on foot, tube, bus etcWe all agreed that this was probably one of the best hotels all round we have stayed in and can't wait to go back ..	
Nov 30 2007	Russell Hotel London Loved it :)	Fantastic Location Bloomsbusy very close to all the sights We stayed for 2 nights and thought the hotel was excellent ! I wouldn't have any hesitation in recommending this hotelWe booked via Central R.Com [--]	
Nov 24 2007 	Not my cup of tea	As context to this review you need to know that I paid over £150 for my single room plus another £19.50 for breakfast. I accept that the hotel is in a good location in central London but I do not feel that I got good value for money. From what I saw the hotel is 'old style'. The brochure and website show some nice modern refurbished rooms and talk about 'upper four star' room standards; as far as my experience went I disagree. My room was tiny and looked out onto the unattractive inner courtyard full of heating and ventilation equipment which hummed all night through the single glazed window (it was a good job I had had a few glasses of wine to help me sleep). The room was very old fashioned (fine if you like chintzy, fusty style) and had a single bed TV, tea/coffee making, air con unit, safe (that didn't work), desk, wardrobe. Bathroom was OK with toilet, sink and bath with shower over. Breakfast was a real disappointment; for £19.50 I was expecting a lot more choice and quality. Overall the staff were good and the location was good but next time I stay in London I will spend my £170 somewhere else.	
Nov 23 2007	Best avoided	Great architecture and a sense of grandeur..until one enters the rooms to find mediocre adaptation, worn out furniture and fittings, badly-sized furniture for the room and curtains and windows that looks original and uncleaned for many years. Very poor value for money. The sort of experience where a resident Brit feels embarassed to acknowledge his nationality. You have been warned! With some more loving care and £25M investment could be nice again.	
Nov 19 2007 	Imposing beauty but friendly atmosphere	The Russell is a very imposing hotel with a beautiful, ornate lobby. However, the reception is welcoming rather than forbidding so we got off to a good start. The room was quite small, as was the en suite bathroom, but it was thoroughly clean. It was nicely furnished with very good comfortable beds.As we were on the 5th floor we had to rely on the lifts, but we spent hardly any time hanging around for them as they were in plentiful supply.The breakfast was well laid out and plentiful, and the restaurant service was friendly and efficient.It can be a little bit more pricey than some hotels but you get what you pay for. Watch out for the bar prices - two drinks cost us £11.20. Ouch! Go to the pub down the road!All in all, we had a very pleasant stay at the Russell and I can thoroughly recommend it for a relaxing stay. The location is absolutely brilliant too - walking distance from the top end of Oxford Street. We hardly used the Underground at all!	
Nov 7 2007 	Russell Hotel - Overall a dissapointment	We stayed at the Russell Hotel last weekend and I have to say I was quite dissapointed. The room was extremely small and the TV was out of the arc. The windows were so filthy that you could not see through them and they barely let in any light. However, the bathroom although small was nice. Express check out was not available which meant we had no choice but to stand in quite long queues to check out. That would normally not have been a problem but given that we had been woken at 5am by ugly children and their deluded parents queueing round the block to audition for &quot;Britain's got talent&quot; you could hardly move for people in the foyer and our tempers were somewhat frayed.In a nut shell for the money you pay to stay in the Russell hotel you could stay somewhere much nicer in a much better location.	
Nov 6 2007 	3 nights 3 Rooms... Not my idea of relaxing	Hint. Do not try to walk to this hotel, it is a good 1.5 miles of walking (we walked as we got to London at peak time so the tubes were packing like &quot;Sardines&quot;.Walking in to the hotel you are confronted with a splendid foyer with a magnificent staircase and you instantly feel that this hotel must be amazing.Checking in was pretty easy with lovely and very friendly staff.Now it begins.There are 3 lifts. Lifts 1 &amp; 2 claim you can fit 8 people in (I think if your lucky you can handle 4), and lift 3 claims 12 people with a total weight of 815kg. 5 of us got in totalling 350kg approximately, anoher guest tried to join us probably weighing 70kg max and the lift warned us we were overloading it.Room number 1 was a broom cupboard compared to other 4 star hotels with a very old feeling. The bed however was amazing and I slept like a baby.As we made a comment downstairs that the room was tiny we were upgraded to the next level which was nice of the staff.Room 2 was a larger room which was a recently refurbished room. Lovely room pretty big but being a &quot;king size&quot; bed room you actually get 2 single matresses next to each other with a 2 bases. This led to a very bad back on the second night and following a complaint at 3am in the morning we were moved to a third room.May have been our luck but the third room turned out to be a suite (claimed to be £385 per night).The suite consists of a king size bed and a separate room with a seating area (actually you get a 2 seat sez lounge). The only disappointing part about the suite was that you get a 15 inch TV in the bedroom and no TV in the lounge compared to the 32 inch TV in room 2.The beds are amazingly comfortable, the staff are very friendly but thats all you get for your money the rooms are small and the hotel I think was conned when they had the rooms refurbished as you can see paint peeling and very bad workmanship in teh refurbished rooms. Whoever decided to be the interior designer did not think practically (an example being that the towel rail was right next to the toilet so if you sit on he toilet your legs are resting on the rail (if it has been on you could get burned legs).	
Nov 3 2007 	...fantastic	..ok lots of mixed reviews on here. Stayed with my mother for a show, she has never been to London before. Staff were EXCELLENT check in was busy but fast-given all the info I needed, very polite and we we upgraded at no cost. Room was super, spotless and with a bathroom that was HUGE, full size tub and shower was excellent too. The housekeeping team said hello as you walked to and from your room, very friendly. Conciege grabbed us a taxi after ten minutes of running around a busy London road..he was very helpful. Bed was very comfy and as I used common sense and placed do not disturb on the door, housekeeping did not bother us at all. Breakfast was busy but again organised like a military campaign! We were given orange juice while we waited-just a few minutes and everything was hot , great choice of food and fast service.Yes, the hotel is built around a central courtyard that houses the main air conditioning fans and yes, there is a nightclub somewhere close by that is a bit loud-but this is LONDON not rural Scotland! Overall this was a great hotel. There is a pub at the rear that does good food and everyone is very friendly-plus a 24hr tesco store for those late night snacks too just 2 mins away. The hotel was close enough (1 mile) from the Palladium to walk back after the show-streets were still busy at 10.30pm and felt generally safe in this area. Would stay again for sure.	
Nov 2 2007 	What a treat	We had a really fabulous weekend at the Russell. This hotel is such a beautiful place with lots of marble, high decorated ceilings and nice touches like the fresh flower decorations. The room was suburb, really clean and the extra special care taken to make us comfortable was really appreciated. The bed was turned down for us in the evening and was cleaned for us the next day to a surburb standard. The staff were really friendly and helpful. We had breakfast in the lovely restaurant and found a fantastic selection of food to satisfiy even the fussiest of people. We of course had the good old english breakfast and it was delicious. I would totally recommend the Russell, it is well situated in Russell square, walking distance to lots of London's attractions, or a short taxi ride which is always fun. We had a really great weekend and would definately come back again, great base for London sightseeing. The Russell has a real sense of luxury about it without being overpriced. Loved it!	
Oct 31 2007 	Depends on the room	Central location, located in an impressive building...appearances can however be desceptive. First room I got was very small, damp, no daylight coming in through the toned windows that didn't open, internet didn't work and there was no fridge. When I told staff about internet problem I was told that they already knew that there were problems in this romm...okay so why put anyone in it? This room was so awful and depressing that I wouldn't even expect such standards in a 2'* hotelGood points:I was able to check in very earlyI was given a much better room, which reflected much more that the russell allegedly is a 4* hotel. Staff very helpful.	
Oct 30 2007 	Rustling in the Russell	This is a lovely hotel, close, well within walking distance, to some wonderful London sites. The British Museum is just around the corner, and it isn't a stretch down to Waterloo Station. The tube is just around the corner and there is a lovely cafeteria in Russell Square, across the road. The staff were very friendly and the service in the bar, which has worn leather wing-backed chairs and a lovely ambience, was of the highest standard. The bar staff were very attentive, as was the staff on the reception desk. Be aware that if you don't like your room the staff can move you to a better room i.e. looking over the square or out at the tree tops, as they did in my case. This is quite different from an upgrade (which costs money). What could be improved... inclusive breakfast. But generally rustling around The Russell was a sensational experience and I'd highly recommend it if you're planning a jaunt to London.Julie from Armidale	
Oct 28 2007 	Not good value for money dishonest barmen	This is the first hotel I've stayed in and reviewed that I wouldn't recommend.The hotel is very expensive, and allegedly 4 star. It isn't. It's a four star building with 2* (or worse) service.OK, well, it wasn't all bad. The hotel is in a great location, and the building is lovely. The decor of the public rooms is brilliant and some people appeared to be having a very good wedding reception there when we arrived! The rooms are big, too.OK, the bad. The decor in the room was a bit shabby and the sink did not work properly in our room. The plug was jammed shut when we arrived. All of the courtyard facing rooms (on the sixth floor at least) have a lot of noise from some kind of machinery running in thereThe bar has typical London prices, but once when I was served the bar man told me the round of drinks would be one price, then came back and gave me hardly any change, saying the price had changed. He also opened the wrong bottle of beer for one of our party, and on giving us the correct bottle, put the top back on the incorrect one, and put it back in the fridge. Terrible behaviour.We had to queue for ten minutes for breakfast so the staff could individually try and make us pay extra for a full english breakfast. Obviously they can't do this at the table. We were not asked if we would like tea or coffee until we were nearly ready to leave.I would whole-heartedly not recommend staying at this hotel.	
Oct 24 2007 	Lived up to my expectations	After seeing previous reviews of the Russell Hotel on Tripadvisor I was a bit concerned, but everything lived up to my expectations. I had a single room on the second floor with a balcony overlooking Russell Square (inaccessible, probably for safety reasons) and a smart new bathroom which also had a balcony and a floor-to-ceiling draw-down blind to preserve one's blushes when the light is on! The room and bathroom were very comfortable, the only slight problem being the noise from people shouting in Russell Square in the middle of the second night (would triple-glazing be a good idea?).I had the continental breakfast both days, which was good, although there was not as much choice as I have seen in other European hotels. Breakfast was very well organised, with a maitre d' overseeing the seating and service with quiet efficiency. On the second morning there was a queue for seating, but a waiter brought round glasses of orange juice whilst we were waiting, which I thought was a nice touch.I found, unlike some earlier reviewers, that the staff were very polite and helpful. I could not tune in my TV on the first evening, and I reported it to reception and it was dealt with quickly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit London and stay somewhere comfortable and central.	
Oct 17 2007 	Feels low rent even though you pay through the nose	I had to stay here on business as I had an early flight the next day. I really feel as if I paid a shedload for somewhere to lay my head for the night, as I didn't really benefit from any service at all.Internet access is not free - it's quite astronomical, which for London which is heaving with business travellers is quite ridiculous.The room was tiny and its 'ensuite' was just tacked on in a corner. Like a cupboard or something. You could barely get into it when the door was open. The decor was alright but nothing special. The whole place had an air of shabbiness.Breakfast was included in my price but because I was leaving early (before 6) they told me they couldn't provide me with anything. I found this a bit pathetic - surely they could have given me a sandwich or something. It's meant to be a swanky hotel. Eventually they conceded that I might be able to get a hot chocolate in the morning in lieu of breakfast. I requested it to arrive at a certain time - it arrived 15 minutes later, so I didn't really have time to drink it as I had to catch my taxi.I had to go to reception to get any response as they don't respond to phone calls.The taxi service they recommended just seemed a bit dodgy and not really the type you generally order for business travellers.I can't believe this is meant to be an upmarket hotel. I would give it about 2 stars. And that's being generous. Next time I need to get up early for the night I will stay in the office, rather than pay over 100 quid for nothing much!	
Oct 16 2007	Extremely disappointing	Our stay at the Hotel Russell was extremely disappointing. Having stayed at this hotel eight years ago I was dismayed at how appauling the service had become. Most of the staff were surly and rude. Even the concierge appeared put out when you asked for simple directions to standard tourist locations.We had some luggage stolen from our room. The hotel's reaction to this was both unhelpful and un-sympathetic. We had to struggle to get them to provide the police with simple information. It also took quite a bit of discussion to have them waive the cost of local calls from the room to the police station. Even without the theft incident, the quality of service provided by Hotel Russell was extremely poor - I would no longer recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 15 2007	Give it a miss	The room was small, and shabby, the bathroom was dirty, the public rooms are nice, and the nice look of the place from the out side, it is all so good location.Brekfeat was no good, the main resteruant was full, and they put us in a over flow place, self service most things cold, or no bacon, then no sausage etc, so hopless and cost a lot for what it was..Bar was closed as well, only beer by the bottle, and poor service.	
Oct 7 2007 	Tiny Rooms and Expensive Phone Charges	The rooms in The Russell Hotel are generally very small. Our double bed was squashed into a corner, and you could barely swing a cat in the room. Still, the location is really good. Breakfast was fine, though the dining room gets very crowded. Our main problem though was with the charges for using the phone in the room - we used a phone card, but were still charged for dialling a number, even if it didn't get through. The charge was £2 per call made - an absolutely outrageous surcharge, which is not prominently flagged. After complaining for about 10 minutes, the manager grudgingly knocked £4 off our final bill. We won't be rushing back.	
Oct 5 2007	Russell Hotel not it's best	The Russell Hotel has had a major re-vamp, it's a pity about the Bedrooms, My partner &amp; I were offered a room on the first floor at the back of the Hotel, clean bathroom that’s all I can say about the room to be honest, the double bed was thrown together and the base had obviously seen many years of use ie: all four corners of the base were ripped open and showing the wooden frame, the wall paper was ripped and coming away in places, the trouser press had been broken off the wall fixings, bulbs didn't work in the overhead lighting, the windows where as black as soot, for £60 pppn for two nights, I feel we where both ripped off, the bedrooms on the website are obviously not in this hotel.	
Sep 30 2007 	Nice room indifferent service dead pigeons	I booked two rooms in this hotel for two nights. My wedding was on the second day. I made this clear when I booked, and explained that I wanted my bridesmaid to be in a room close to mine. They didn't manage to accommodate this. My room was nicely designed, and clean. However, the lights near the mirror were not working - not ideal when you are trying to get your make-up right for the wedding photos! The view out of the window was okay at night-time - into the central courtyard of the hotel. However, in the daylight all you could see was the dead bodies of pigeons, in varying stages of decay, that were caught in the net above the central air-conditioning unit. Charming. The hotel seemed to be ridiculously under-staffed. We had to queue for 15 minutes just to check out. And when I ordered a taxi - to take me to my wedding (which, again, I explained) they did not manage to get me a cab for half an hour, and it was one of the grottiest mini-cabs I had ever been in. Oh, and the breakfast was stale and mean. From the reviews I read, I had expected much better. The infrastructure is here, the location is great and the interior design and cleaning services are fine, but the customer service needs a serious overhaul. I hope it has improved over the past year.	
Sep 25 2007 	Not Impressed!	Stayed here on business during September and there's no way I'll be returning.The hotel itself is very mediocre, albeit contained in a very beautiful building.My main gripe has to be with the staff. Usually you get one or two members of staff who appear unfriendly/unhelpful. Well at the Russell it seemed to be a prerequisit of employment!! On at least one occasion I was blanked by staff when asking for help.As the title says ......... NOT IMPRESSED!!!!	
Sep 15 2007 	Nice building with lots of potential....shame about the poor quality hotel	On first glance this hotel has a lot going for it - beautiful building, very convenient location (right next to tube, plenty of buses &amp; shops nearby). But that's about where it ends.The hotel claims itself to be 4*. Not sure whose 4* rating they use but I can say it is not!!I arrived early from the airport and was pleasantly surprised when they said there was a room available. So off I went to my double room on the 5th floor. It was clean and with plenty of space for my bags but rather shabby and the window frames were rotten and really dirty. It had air-con but it was rather noisy and looked at some point to have dripped onto the lampshade below as it was heavily watermarked. Furniture was rather worn. Bathroom again was clean but tile grouting had seen better days. The wall mounted hairdryer was clearly many years old and was starting to come loose! I then discovered that the safe in my wardrobe had been left locked. After several attempts to unlock it I called the front desk who sent someone up to look. They immediately said it was broken and they would have to order a new one. Another call to the front desk to ask them what I should do and they then offered to store my valuables for me (errr my laptop and passport - no thanks!). I asked to move rooms.So onto room 2! I went down to the front desk to discuss moving rooms and was treated as though I was a major inconvenience to the staff. There was no apology, nothing. Just a sneery comment that they wouldn't be able to accomodate me on the same floor I was currently on (relevant.....no!). I took the key to my new room (4th floor facing the inside of the hotel) and went to move my stuff. It was night and day to the old one. This was a refurbished room. Furniture was modern, decor was much cleaner and the safe worked! Room cleaning seemed rather erratic. The bin in my room was not emptied at all when I was there (the bathroom one was!). One day my tea/coffee tray was not replenished &amp; the next only the biscuits (but not the coffee!). The other minor point was that when I opened the container with the tea bags and coffee inside I noticed that some of the coffee sachets had a best before date of Dec 06!!!My other big complaint was the cost of internet access. For high speed in room access it was 50p a minute up to a maximum of 25 pounds a day! There was also a charge for using the computers in the hotel business centre. Breakfast was nothing special. Staff seemed rather disorganised and there was limited choice for those who didn't want a full fried breakfast.The hotel has no leisure facilities. Fine if you are a tourist and have better things to do with your time but for those on business a gym is usually something that would come as standard in the USA at a hotel of this size.I was put in this hotel by my employers travel service. They seemed to get a good rate. Having seen the hotel's rack rate and those being offered by the big internet booking sites there is no way on this earth I would pay that for this standard. I know London is a difficult place to find good quality at a reasonable price but you can do much better than the Russell so please shop around.	
Sep 14 2007 	Grand building interesting surroundings mediocre hotel	The Russell was one of the grander hotels in London in its prime, and the architecture and decor in the lobby certainly bear witness to this. But rooms tend to be drab, small and a little shabby, and service is at best mediocre with plenty of Eastern European staff whose grasp of English often appears to be shaky.On the positive side, it is in a very convenient part of London (very good for the British Museum, Tottenham Court Road, Oxford Street, and Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston stations), and rooms there often turn up cheaply on Priceline. On the negative side, the atmosphere once you get beyond the magnificant lobby is drab and rather dour, the rooms are small, and it's difficult to form any kind of rapport with the staff - these issues are clearly the reasons why plenty of cheap rooms are available there.I certainly wouldn't pay full price to stay here. It's a middling three-star hotel that seems to want a four-star price. But if you can get a cheap room here and you're aware that the grandeur of the public spaces is not matched in the guest facilities it's adequate as somewhere to stay.	
Sep 11 2007	Low quality at a high price	I had the missfortune to choose this hotel during a 3 day stay. firstly as advertised there was no safe deposit box in the room, rooms are noisy, decor shabby.I ordered Room service one evening and received &quot;raw&quot; lamb which I sent back and asked to speak to the duty manager, no one returned my call inspite my calling reception 3 times.Low quality, terrible service	
Sep 10 2007	Never again. Dreadful service.	I booked this hotel after tons of research. We wanted something central and we were going to an event in the O2.Pros :Location is perfect, could not be better. The Hotel is is a lovely part of London and only 2 stops from Covent Garden. There is a 24hr tesco across the street. Cons:Staff were extremly rude on check -in. Barely acknowledged me with eye to eye contact.They never told me they were adding 100punds to my bill, they do this in case yu use any hotel facilities, but not telling you i thought was rude.I requested a new room in a new part of the hotel with a nice view. I got a an old small, dirty room at the back of the hotel.The bar staff were also rude, we had one drink and the bar man was only short of throwing the glass at me.Overall, I would not stay here again, staff need training, or just new staff.	
Sep 7 2007 	Lousy bedsnoisy but nice staff and breakfast	Stayed here on a business trip. Hotel booked for by company. Breakfast was great, staff very helpful- in fact, tripping over themselves to assist and be friendly.. but what a lousy bed I had, very soft and uncomfortable. Having checked with other colleagues staying, they had similar comments. It was a warm day, air con on all the time which was noisy for the night, the room (windows) could do with being better sound proofed. Bathroom clean but room smelt musty- almost as though it was a smoking room before but not since the ban on smoking came into force. Like others have commmented, the location is very good. The surroundings, promity to the underground, quality of food, friendliness of staff- I agree that might be 4star but the quality of rooms- definitely not. I have stayed in many 4 stars around the world and frankly there are better 3 stars to the Russell.	
Sep 3 2007 	Stop Your Search - Stay Here!!!	Booked this hotel before reading any reviews - then read some reviews and thought OH NO!!!. So a little apprehensive. Well what can I say...it was fantastic. I took my wife for a break away from the kids and arranged via the concierge prior to arrival for some wine and flowers to be in the room. When we arrived reception was very quick and professional, the room was lovely and the flowers and wine were on the desk in the room and she was bowled over by them!! The room was extreamly comfortable. The en-suite had a really nice shower too! The location is superb opposite a lovely park and 2 min walk from russell sq tube! Room service was 24 hours and we used it one night at 2am when we dragged ourselves back in from a theatre night out and the service was really quick and the food was great.The hotel was very quiet and we were on the 1st floor so I don't know why other people were complaining about noise they must have been very unlucky. We didn't pay full price we went via an agent last minute but I would strongly recommend this hotel to everyone - but the room we had was a double and a little small for more than two. But will definately look to stay here again.If you are looking for stuff to do - try LONDON RIB which is a speed boat trip on the Thames, starts with a excellent guided tour of landmarks and ends with a white knuckle ride - fantastic!!!	
Aug 26 2007 	Nice hotel Shame about the bed!!	We arrived in London for our first visit to the new Wembley. The hotel looked great on the web site and we were really looking forward to it. The hotel looked lovely and the staff were really helpful and friendly. we had heard some not great reviews but, since the hotel said it had just spent a lot on refurbishment we ignored them. The room was small but, pleasant, the ensuite bathroom was extremely tight but, clean and fresh. The trouble came when we got into bed. The mattress was lumpy and the base had definately seen better days it was very hard in places. We complained to the hotel management in writing but, got no response. The only other thing to note, which is the same at a lot of other city centre hotels, is that there was sometimes as very long queue for breakfast.	
Jul 30 2007 	Great hotel great value	Stayed one night 28th July Booked as a last minute deal and arrived early the concierge took bags and we took off for central London within easy walking distance. When we got back checkin was fast and efficient, the room (311) was a good sized twin with good bathroom and comfortable beds aircon worked. Room was clean as was the rest of the hotel. left hotel at 11:30am next day. I can recomend this hotel to anyone looking for a good hotel with easy access to central london	
Jul 23 2007 	Disappointing stay	My husband and I booked a 2 night stay here (Fri and Sat) to celebrate his birthday. Like others who have posted reviews we had lots of small issues which when added together detracted somewhat from our first weekend staying in London. I believe that we stayed in room 544.1. Were told on checking in they couldn't find the booking for the 2nd night, then when it was &quot;found&quot; we were told that it was fine and we wouldn't have to change rooms after the first night - how kind!2. Small room for two people.3. Bed side lamp only on one side of the bed - problem if you were on the other side and needed to get out of bed in the night!4. The bed was only 4ft 6. We've travelled a lot in the USA and have never had a bed this small - not even in the cheapest motels. I wonder what Americans think when they see this size of room and bed?5. No biscuits with the complimentary tea and coffee :-(6. Only one towel each left on the 2nd night. When I wash my hair I always use the small hand towel to towel dry my hair but it wasn't until I'd got out of the shower that I realised I couldn't.7. Although we were on the 5th floor and away from the noise of the air con units in the courtyard below we had to contend with loud music on both nights from either the hotel itself or a nearby venue.8. Getting in and out of the bath is quite difficult owing to the width of the edge of the bath. We are both in our early 40s and my husband has a nasty bruise from his first attempt to climb into the bath.As you can see nothing major but just left us feeling disappointed and at £100 for the Fri night and £128 for the Sat night left us feeling &quot;ripped off&quot;. On a positive note the bathroom was decorated nicely.We didn't eat in the hotel, so cannot comment on the dining facilities.	
Jul 23 2007	Great location	We booked this hotel through a discount website &amp; were looking for something central but affordable. We have been caught before when staying in London &amp; were wary of ending up in a dump. However, the hotel was brilliant - everything we could wish for - clean, central, friendly staff, decent sized rooms. We were booked in for continental breakfast only but ate in both the bar &amp; restaurant over 2 days for breakfast - would recommend the bar, great service &amp; friendly, helpful staff. we plan to go back in the summer as the location is hard to beat &amp; it's good value for money if you book through a website not the hotel.	
Jul 14 2007 	Could do better	Recently stayed at The Russell for 2 nights on a work trip. The first room that I was given was right by a load of extractor fans/air conditioning units and the noise was terrible. I was then offered an un refurbished room that had a large crack in the sink, dirty shower curtain, large stain on the bathroom ceiling from a water leak, lights that did not work and it smelt of smoke even though it was supposed to be a non smoking room. I finally was given a moderninsed room, although they were unable to provide a double, and this too was noisy due to being on the 1st floor overlooking the road.In fairness to the staff they did try their best, and the hotel is an impressive looking building from the outside, but it could do better, and there are better options in central london.	
Jul 2 2007 	Very large rooms	Six ladies stayed at this hotel to celebrate a fiftieth birthday with a little shopping and a theatre trip, I agree that the reception area is modern and bland but the staff were excellent.We arrived at 10.00 am to check in and were told as we expected that the rooms would not be ready until two, and were told that the concierge would take our bags, which he did. We tipped him a tenner (not a lot) and he looked after us and called us his nice ladies booking a larger taxi for us to return to Victoria on the Sunday.Our rooms were superb, we had been upgraded to ambassador rooms, the fifty year old even had a small suite of three rooms. All the staff (except the Maitre D in the restaurant at breakfast )were superb, and helped us country girls with all our queries. We think we were upgraded as there was a graduation ball taking place in the hotel that night, it didn't bother us in fact we thoroughly enjoyed the show!Breakfast was good, get there early to ensure you don't queue, but breakfast is served until 12.00 on Sunday. A lovely break made quite special by the Hotel.	
Jun 29 2007 	Wonderful Experience	This hotel is not only clean and beautiful but the staff is professional and friendly and the location is great. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was spacious and very nice. I really enjoyed this hotel and would recommend it to anyone going to London.	
Jun 26 2007 	Wonderful experience	I was traveling with my 14 year old daughter and was concerned by previous posts that reservations were not being honored. I confirmed our reservation 2 days before our arrival date 6/1/07 and had no problems with check in despite our late arrival time of 11 pm. Our room was small but clean and comfortable. The hoted location is perfect for active touring-seconds from the tube. beautiful Russel Square across the street and many small cafe's nearby. Covent Garden was a 20 minute walk away. We did not eat in the hotel restauraunt and we used an Internet cafe down the street for our on-line access. The hotel concierge was helpful with early AM cab service we needed.Not a full service luxury hotel but a perfect mid priced hoted in a great location. Perfectly appropriate for touring families and young adults who do not need a lot of amenities.	
Jun 21 2007 	No complaints from us!	I was a bit worried about staying here after reading previous reviews but we had no problems. The room was modern ,clean, roomy &amp; cool. The shower was lovely &amp; powerful. The room had Sky TV, iron, fridge, tea &amp; coffee making facilities &amp; the bed was comfy. We didn't use the restaurant at all so I can't comment on that. Breakfast was £19.95 each so we ate out for about a quarter of the price. In fact there is a nice cafe across the road in Russell Square where we ate a cooked breakfast outside in the sunshine for £11 for two people. We ate out every night too. The location is great - very handy for Covent Garden etc so all in all no complaints from us!	
Jun 16 2007 	60th Birthday Ruined!!	My family paid for my husband and myself to stay in the hotel with an evening meal and go to a show in April this year. We were told that everything was planned to the finest detail and we just had to turn up at the right times. We arrived at about three and went to our room. A twin was booked but we were given a double (1st problem). We were in the room for only 10 minutes when the maintenance man called to fix a tile in the bathroom. Neither us nor the maintenance man could find where the broken tile was so he left, but ten minutes later he returned with strict instructions to find the broken tile and fix it. He left after five minutes without doing anything (2nd problem). The show we were going to started at seven thirty so we booked a taxi for six forty five. We then booked a table in the hotel restaurant for five o'clock, giving us plenty of time to eat our three course meal then get changed for the show. When we arrived at the restaurant we were told that it didn't start serving until five thirty! (3rd problem) We returned at five thirty to an empty restaurant but didn't get our meal until six fifteen! We didn't have time for a starter or pudding so we just had the main course. We arrived at the concierge desk at six forty five to wait for our pre ordered taxi, which the concierge said was on it's way. It did not arrive until five past seven (4th problem). We went to breakfast and was given a pot of coffee, but no cups and saucers (5th problem). I had to ask. After breakfast we returned to our room. Even though we didn't have to vacate until 1200hrs we had a cleaner bang on our door three times to get in to clean (6th problem). We decided to leave early and get away from this awful place. Although the complaints on their own are only minor, when you add them up it becomes a real problem. We did complain to the reception desk but felt that they were only paying us lipservice. We were looking forward to a break in London but ended up having the most stressful time ever and will not be coming back!	
Jun 3 2007 	Rude awakening	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights on a 'bed &amp; breakfast ' basis. The hotel is centrally located and very convenient for central London attractions. There is an underground tube station just around the corner and the Oxford Street shopping area is within a 30 minute walk. West End theatres are also within walking distance but also accessible via the underground rail system.The hotel is architectuarily beautiful, both externally and internally throughout the public rooms. Our room was somewhat small and compact, but perfectly adequate for our short stay. Wardrobe space was a little lacking but the room was nicely furnished and clean. We were at the rear of the hotel so the view was not particularly pleasing, but at least it was quiet.The staff were courteous and efficient. The breakfasts (buffet)were good and our stay was very pleasant, except for an irritating incident on the morning of our departure.Check-out time is listed as 12noon, however at 8.20am on the morning of departure there was a loud 'banging' on the room door, followed by attempts to open it. Fortunately we had the security door chain on. My wife went to the door and saw a member of the housekeeping staff walking along the corridor, banging on several other room doors. I telephoned Reception and asked why this was happening, only to be told it shouldn't be.Enquiries were made by Reception staff who rang back and said that it had happened because I had not placed the 'Do not disturb' sign on the door. I pointed out that according to their hotel information brochure, the latest departure time was 12noonbut they responded with the comment that they had many corporate clients who wished to leave early. Surely if this was so they would have booked an early call. Anyway apologies were made. I am personally of the opinion that this was a way of ensuring that customers did not linger in their rooms, so that housekeeping could get on with their work as early as possible.Hot tip: on the night before your departure, ensure that you place the appropriate notice on the door.	
Jun 3 2007 	Oozes history superb location	I first stayed in the Russell for business about ten years ago when it was in need of massive refurbishment. I’ve used it once or twice a year since then and although it has some drawbacks feel the need to stick up for it given some of the criticisms below.Firstly this is an old hotel- Victoriana at its height. That means marble, mirrors, mosaic and gilt wherever they could fit it in. The Hotel oozes history and was in fact one of those used by the shipping lines to accommodate wealthy passengers in London before they joined ships bound for the Empire, America &amp; beyond (Hence Southampton Row, the main Road Russell Square leads off). If your mobility allows make sure you walk up the first two flights of stairs, particularly at Christmas; it’s simply stunning. Unfortunately given this opulence the reception desk is a triumph of modern corporate blandness- its designer should be shot.Rooms are large by central London standards but having been built at the turn of the 20th Century air-conditioning wasn’t even on the agenda of the original architect. Each room has a stand alone unit that can be noisy- particularly in the single rooms. Remember this is central London so traffic noise is inevitable and, although secondary glazing is fitted, very light sleepers could have problems. Oh, don’t book in the hope of an up-grade; it’s never happened to me yet- although some of the rooms have real charm.Breakfast is served buffet style, hot, plentiful and of good quality. I’ve never eaten in the Hotel restaurant but with Covent Garden a 15-20 minute walk away and Russell Square tube station giving access t the Piccadilly line and all that London offers being almost part of the building why would you want to? (The British Museum is about 3 minutes walk away).In short if you want a modern art hotel, air conditioning and double glazing forget it. If you want to stay in somewhere that has character and history and can get it at a reasonable price give it a whirl. If nothing else have some photo’s	
Jun 1 2007 	Avoid at all cost!!	I cannot review the amenities at this hotel as the night I had booked to stay at the Russell Hotel I was &quot;bumped&quot; to another hotel along with another 15 other guests. The reason given? The hotel claimed it had not received bookings from agents made two weeks previously. The genuine reason? All 15 guests had booked at lower than the &quot;rack rate&quot; and the hotel obviously saw fit to take later bookings at full cost and refuse all our confirmed bookings. It took them 45 minutes to actually tell me I had no room and a further 20 minutes to arrange another hotel which cost me more. My advice, book the Jurys Inn Hotel on Great Russell Street. Unless you have paid the full rack rate your booking is far from guaranteed at Hotel Russell.	
May 21 2007 	Inconsistency at it's best	A quick scan of previous writings gives a hugely varying picture of life in this hotel. The origins of the travellers have something to do with the comments but there remains gross divergence of opinion which is unusual in this forumWe were booked into the hotel by the office at a conference in the hotel and I approached it with much trepidation given the advance notice in other reviews. Our experience was not all that bad however. The room was the 'Ambassador' as advertised on the Principal Hotels website and matched almost exactly except that it is very small by most standards. Little storage as noted previously but a large modern bathroom and easily controlled temperatures. There was some noise from the street through the single pane glass but the double bed was very comfortable.The problems come with 'additional' sevices which I don't consider additional. The telephone charges are ridiculous, even for the UK (2 pounds to connect to a toll free 800 number) and the internet even worse. These are free as a rule where I stay. the mealscccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccThe buffet breakfast which is not necessarily included in the room price is average, but when they served it to us conference attendees, it was augmented and changed every day. The location is perfect for all kinds of stays. The neighbourhood is reasonable and easy to accesss.In summary, find the lowest price (half the going rate at least), ask to see the room in advance (rejectit if necessary), don't use the 'additional' services, put up with cramped quarters and you'll have a good stay.	
May 12 2007 	Lovely room good breakfast	Spent 2 nights here on business. Have to say this is the best mid range hotel I've stayed in in London. The room was spacious, 2 double beds, lots of light (I did have a corner room. 232). Decorated in a very modern style but sympathetic to the age of the hotel. Bathroom very smart with quality fittings. Hotel populated by business people rather than tourists which seems to keep the standards up as I have stayed in some London Hotels which are full of coach parties and the hotels seem to treat them like cattle!The breakfast was buffet style and of very good quality, nothing fancy , just the usual fare but cooked and presented well.Yes the public areas are a sea of garish marble and the layout is a bit odd but it is an old victorian hotel and it would be a crime to rip out all that history and replace it with glass and steel. I have to say being a scotsman and £3.20 for a pint in the bar was a painful!! Lots of places to eat and drink round about, after all that's the beauty of London.	
May 5 2007 	The Worst	Oh hell no. I'd rather book a room in a rest home.After a seven hour flight from the US we checked into this old thing. While the exterior is interesting and though I admire the fact that care was taken to rebuild it after WWII there is not one single thing I would recommend. The lobby and carpeting, for all its uniqueness, is tacky, garish and gave me a headache. Someone on crack or meth over-decorated with the marble. Don't buy drinks at the bar unless you want to mortgage your home. $40 per/day for internet access? Spare me.Reception was full of rude business conference attendees; no manners. Very tiny, awkward reception area: claustrophobic. Clearly this is a conference center above all else.Don't even get me started on the room, or shall I say dark nasty hovel. Frosted windows didn't open. A/C was either artic or didn't work at all. Depressing little cave doesn't describe it. Bathroom-nasty. Natural light? Forget about it.On a positive note: Russell Square Park is rather nice. Even better, leave the hotel, take a right to end of block, another right, go past the Russell Square Tube. Within minutes you are in one of Bloomsbury's fine neighborhoods. Try shopping at the Brunswick Plaza and further east check out Grey's Inn (a beautiful park and courtyard) and Bedford Park nearby. British Museum, Convent Garden, Trafalgar, etc. a short walk away.	
May 4 2007 	Embarrased to be English	I had the misfortune to be booked into this hotel twice last year. The first visit was adequate, the second applalling. This hotel used to be part of the Meridian group but no moreOn getting to the hotel ( good location near tube etc) you enter the very grand entrance with reception on your leftThe staff on duty had a limited command of English and had no record of my reservation despite me providing them with a copy of the booking reference. They eventually found it booked in for another night and tried to convince me that I was there on the wrong day!After 20 mins they allocated me a room and provided the key card. The room was a tiny room in the attic of the hotel and I would suspect is used for staff. It was reached via a lift and then a small staircase ( no fun with a heavy bag). Unfortunately the key did not work so it required another trip to get a replacment which was provided with very bad graceThe room itself was small with a tiny window high in the wall. It did not look as if it had been cleaned for a while and did not have any leaflets, menus, hotel guides, room service information etc. The bathroom likewise had not been cleaned for a while and had no toiletries.As I had arrived in the evening I required a meal and rather than eat in the cavernous dining room I decided on room service. The meal that arrived ( eventually- after over 30 minutes) was luke warm, poor quality and very over pricedThe following morning I had requested a wake up call (which did not happen) and went down for breakfast where we had to queue for ages to be seated despite the resaturant being only 1/3 full. The breakfast was a buffet self service style and offered a wide range on optionsThere is a small bar adjacent to the restaurant selling a limited range of drinks at typical London Hotel prices. In near proxinity to the hotel are a number of bars and restaurants and i would advise any guest to venture out to enjoy a drink or a mealI am afraid the service in this hotel is all that is bad about some of the English hospitality scene and I get the impression that the hotel does not care as it takes its guests from foreign tourists &quot; who dont know any better&quot; and business travelers like myself whose bill is picked up by the companyThe hotel rates are very high for what you get and if I had been paying I would certainly have been asking for a reduction/ refundI have recomended that my own company ceases use of this hotel and I would ask any visitors from abroad not to judge English hotels &amp; hospitality ( which are excellent) on this hotel	
May 1 2007 	Horrifyingly bad	After staying at the Russell during renovations in 2004, I looked forward to a return. What was renovated, I don’t know. The room was small and slapped together with no thought to décor. The Corby press and iron were not working, nor did the replacement. As the brought us a third iron we had discovered that only about half the electrics in the room worked and we had no hot water. A maintenance engineer arrived, and left saying to “let it run five minutes”. Odd, it had been running for some time at this point. It never did get hot; we had to rush through our pre-theater dinner due to the delays. When we returned, the reception clerk was snide and unhelpful. We were finally offered that we could shower in another room the next morning, and that we would be called between 6 and 6:30 am to shower. No call came, so we took another round of cold showers. When we asked for a manager, the hotel offered to refund the room. They haven’t done so and refused to provide us a receipt as we had prepaid through an online travel company. Funny – we stay in hotels regularly and always book online – we have never been refused a receipt before. My husband lived in London for 9 years, and we mutually agreed this is the single most disappointing hotel in the city. Stay in a Thistle, avoid ruining a lovely evening in London.	
Apr 26 2007	Just about adequate	I stayed in the Hotel Russell for one night as I was at a conference which was taking place there. I wouldn't recommend it for the following reasons;1. the bedrooms which don't face onto the noisy streets face onto a courtyard with noisy ventilation equipment which runs 24/7. Aircon is provided so you can (in theory) keep the windows closed but the aircon is even noisier.2. When I'm paying £140 (official rate is £200) for a pokey single room I don't expect to have to pay £20 extra for internet access - you allegedly get 24 hours of use for this but if you check out of your room there is no way of using the remaining time.3. the ground floor is a complete maze with long winding corridors.4. Long queues occur at chiecking out time, partly because some of the staff are rather slow and have to keep referring to their superiors.Other than that, the breakfast wasn't too badI'd prefer to stay in a budget hotel a few tube stops away!	
Apr 24 2007 	beautiful inside and out	i stayed at the russell for a works course and all i can say is wow, i got lucky with this hotel...the 1st thing is how impressive the outside of the hotel is and it doesn't dissapoint when you step through the front doors.when i steped inside i was greated with a very friendly and helpful member of staff who directed me to reception, though you can't miss it but that is just the great service i received. tho hotel is huge, however you don't get a sence of that when you are inside.the room was well decorated though not as glossy some of the rooms look on their website but it was lovely none the less.bathroom again spotless with fresh towels every day.very well stocked tea and coffee.the bar wasn't too badly priced but then i dont drink so i can only comment on the soft drinks.food was excellent.when i needed directions on the first morning they were given in simple form that even i couldn't get lost with.over all a very pleasent stay, made a trip for work a pleasure.i would definitly consider this as a base if i were to visit for leisure an it was very well located for travel by tube (station 2 mins away) or by foot with lots of lovely places to eat close by...as you would expect...	
Apr 23 2007	A beautiful old lady in sad disrepair.	This is the second time I have stayed at the Russelll Hotel. This a 120+ year old massive Victorian edifice is impressive on entry in a disheviled &quot;Miss Havisham&quot; sort of way. The property has changed management over the last few years with several half hearted renovations. One gets the idea that maintaining this big ark probably overwhelmed them. It now run by an outfit taht specializes in running old castles and &quot;classic&quot;properties but they don't seem to be faring much better. The exterior is impresssive and the lobby boasts a palatial stairway with Chandeliers and marble attesting to its past granduer. Unfortunately no-one has figured out how to clean the marble. Once you get past the ersatz modern reception area, into the tiny lifts, and upstairs the attraction fades. The upstairs hallways are dark and musty smelling with radiators and fire extinguishers hanging at strange hanging about like an old rooming house. The rooms are small, clean, and reasonably comfortable with nicely restored baths. Nothing is really wrong, but at 300.00 USD+ per night one expects more of a 4 star property even in ultra expensive Bloomsbury. The eastern European staff struggles with English but makes an effort to be freindly if not warm. It is a shame. This place could be a real stunner if they tried. The &quot;Virginia Woolf&quot; Lounge is advertised on the net but has been closed for years. The club lounge bar is pleasant albeit somewhat threadbare. A special note: this place takes the prize for Internet usery. 1.00 USD (PER MINUTE!) for in-room web conectivity. Fortunately there are several coffee shops with wireless in the area and a very nice internet shop (Rex) right down the street.. Add in a annoying old man trying to take pictures of everyone leaving the and its really not much of a deal..	
Apr 4 2007 	great location service questionable	Arrived hotel with Superbreak reservation, no record of my booking, after some time with no apology, found a room which was for a disabled person, low sinks, no bath,no view except noise from outside aircon machines for the whole hotel.Breakfast good excellent manager.hotel has a great location nr British Museum, good eating at Brunswick shopping area just behind hotel. Would I go back maybe?	
Apr 2 2007 	Good location generally pretty good friendly.	Its in a decent location, handy for the west end and shopping/museaums. Its generally quite friendly, not too formal.Rooms do vary. I've had two doubles ranging from very nice modern decor, to homely slightly worn (but acceptable). Decent beds in both cases.Breakfast is a very pricey, i'm not sure it's worth the £15 or so! You have to queue up for a small table and we didn't get any tea (despite asking many many times) the last time.However, i'd happily go back there, so that says something.ALSO - plenty of free Wi-fi access floating around when i was there.	
Mar 23 2007 	pretenious and overpriced	The Hotel is in an excellent location with easy access to tubes, buses and just around the corner from the British Museum. The public rooms are minimal. The room I shared with my husband for several days was adequate--small, double bed, no drawers and few hangers. Nothing to put a suitcase on. The airconditioning system worked but in mysterious ways. I moved to a smaller room when my husband went home. It was a very thin slice of a room with a barely adequate, squishy bed. The room had two floors with a winding staircase connecting the lower bathroom, closet and desk area to the bedroom itself. Completely inconvenient for a woman to drag a large suitcase down a narrow staircase! The bags had to occupy the one chair and small surface in the bedroom. No drawers. The bath downstairs was excellent, clean, spacious and had a wonderful shower. I asked twice to have someone explain the airconditioning system icons but I got no help and had to wear my coat in the room much of the time. I asked for a wakeup call for my departure. No call. The staff was young, not very knowledgable. It is a lovely old building but the prices are very high and the value not very good . London is an extremely expensive place to visit but so exciting and vibrant that one hardly minds!	
Mar 22 2007 	Nice for the money.	I liked staying here as it is close to the tube and a Tesco which is a mini market. The one problem I encounted on my stay that the afternoon concierge could not help us w/ all of our luggage so we took them up, but even b/4 this my colleages had a problem w/ their reservations which it took a while for them to get their room. Later I needed a sewing kit and it took 3 phone calls to have somebody bring me one and last we need it taxi service to the airport and the same concierge was no where to be found and we called constantly to the front desk and it took a while b/4 we could talk to anybody. We did get our taxi on time and the concierge in the morning a very sweet old man help us w/ all of our bags, he was great. Overall the rooms are nice and small but very clean.	
Mar 15 2007 	Great Hotel	Myself and my husband stayed in the Russell for 3 nights in March, We had a great room 128 with a balcony it was very comfortable.Breakfast was lovely and there was no queue when we were there although we did have to wait for fried eggs for all of 4 minutes (nothing).When we previously visited London we stayed in a hotel in Great Russell Street, part of a chain of hotels and the Russell beat this hotel on all accounts.Great hotel and will definately be going back.	
Mar 13 2007	Poor Room	This is actually a decent hotel that is let down badly by the standard of the rooms. I stayed here a few years ago but was told it had been re-furbished.The public areas are very pleasant. The lobby is very Grand and check in was simple and quick. The dining room is similarly impressive. Breakfast was on the better side of average efficiently served by very freindly staff.The downside still seems to be the rooms. My small, single room was clean but extremely tatty - it really was student bedsit standard. A bed that should have been scrapped years ago, emulsioned woodchip wallpaper with huge air bubles and bits missing and all the skirting boards chipped back to bare wood. Very dingy with a depressing outlook into the inner quadrangle.You can usually get in here when all the other hotels in the area are fulll - I guess this tells its own story. Its a shame because it has the potential to be much better. There are far better hotel rooms available in the area	
Mar 4 2007 	A welcoming room on a wet night!	It was too dark and wet to admire the frontage of this historic building as I trudged round from the tube station, but the doorman was courteous (and tactful as I was VERY wet!), the lobby was warm and welcoming, the front desk efficient and the lift quick.I was delighted by the room which was on the fourth floor. Clearly a conversion, but well done, with a generous lobby, a good sized bathroom and a pleasant bedroom area. I was booked for a single room, and did have a single bed ,but I was pleased by the space. The bed and chair were comfortable, the desk sturdy, the kettle efficient. One tiny grouse - NO biscuit! The room faced the inner courtyard and overlooked the infamous central heating/ air conditioning units, but was well above them so there was very little noise at all. The room was warm and welcoming after a tiring and wet journey. I think it had been updated in the past two years, and there were signs of discolouration on one wall, but this was not immediately noticeable and did not detract from my comfort.The bath was big enough to stretch out in and the toiletries were of excellent quality, with GALLONS of hot water. I chose to eat elsewhere, but enjoyed the continental breakfast next morning. The hot buffet was one of the most attractive I have seen. If you want a paper you need to be there before 8 am!I used a price comparison site four weeks in advance and paid £82.07 for my night of luxury, a colleague had a good room on the next floor and paid £89. I suppose it depends on when you book, and who with. I will definitely be back if I can get a price within my business limit!	
Mar 1 2007 	Absolutely fine but leave plenty of time for breakfast	This hotel was booked through work for me so didn't know what to expect. I arrived for check in at about 8.30pm for one night. Booked in a single room. Check in was quick and simple.The hotel is impressive from outside and in the reception/lobby. The carpet along the corridor on my floor (6) was good quality and looked quite new. The room itself was quite small but had decent hanging space and managed to get a desk and TV cabinet in. The bathroom was nearly as big as the room and appeared to have been recently refurbished. The shower was powerful with plenty of hot water.Yes the windows are old and there was a bit of a draft but the curtains were thick and the room temperature was great (usually they are unbearably hot!). I thought the bed was fine and had a really good sleep - no noise disturbance from within or outside the room. Went down for breakfast at 8.15 and was suprised to see quite a queue infront of me. Took about 10 mins to get seated, Fortunately I didn't have to rush off but would advise anyone who has an appointment during the week to leave plenty of time and get down to breakfast early. There was still a queue when I finished breakfast 20 mins later.Breakfast was fine with hot and cold buffet.My experience was good and I would consider using this hotel again it is convenient one stop from Kings Cross and on the picadilly line so ideal for getting around London	
Feb 26 2007 	deserves a good review!!	I was really worried after I saw some of the previous reviews at this hotel easpecially as I had booked 3 rooms for 5 of us to stay! We wanted to leave our luggage at this hotel before checking in but when we asked (it was about 11.30am) the staff said we could check in!When we got to our rooms we were all pleasantly surprised! The 2 twin rooms were spacious for a London hotel and were obviously recently renovated,the twin rooms came with a large clean shower and the single room had a bath none of the rooms had any wear and tear signs and the bathrooms in all were extreemly clean. At breakfast we found plenty to eat, we chose the continental-as we were having an early lunch,but there was plenty to choose from and you could easily upgrade to a full english. Also as we were the last to leave the dining room a member of staff offered to let us have a late checkout,nothing seemed to be a problem.This hotel is really central to get into either the centre of London or theatreland, the underground is also just around the hotel corner.On leaving all of us said we would return to this hotel-and we're a fussy bunch!	
Feb 21 2007	Mini Break in London	My sister and I chose to stay at the Russell Hotel as part of a trip to town to go to the Theatre. We did not eat in the hotel but we were very happy with the choice of stay as the rooms were large modern and airy and the bathroom was great. My only request would have been for a net curtain on the window to save my modesty!The staff were very friendly on arrival and efficient on check out. The location is ideal for theaterland and I would recommend it to others who are looking for a trouble free stay - especially if they can attract the same good deal I did for the room!	
Feb 21 2007 	Victorian Gothis	The exterior of the Russell Hotel is a great Victorian Gothic castle. Inside they have retained all the original stone work and it is quite impressive. There are carved stone arches and a great sweeping staircase with the balustrade carved from different colors of stone.Check in was fine, although many of the staff barely speaks English. However, once I got to my room any semblance of elegance was gone. The room was dismal. The furniture was old and dirty. The bed was even worse. It was so soft you could feel the bottom of the platform it rested on. The cooked breakfast was terrible. Everything appeared to be packaged or from a tin. It is a great location right across from the British Museum, but it's definitely NOT a four star hotel.	
Feb 16 2007 	Good Standard Hotel	Stayed at the Russell Hotel for two nights in February on business. As it was booked through our Hotel Booking Service I was a bit worried when they booked me into this hotel following reading the past couple of reviews.But I supose you should make up your own mind before deciding whether a hotel is good or bad.I must admit that this Hotel is very good compared to others I have stayed in London. Okay, the hotel is old but they have tried to keep as much of the tradition on the outside and in the halls - but the bedroom I stayed in was extremely spacious, modern and large!!I was impressed by the size of the room as normally the hotels in London provide you nothing much bigger than a box room. The room was clean and temperature could be controlled through the air conditioning.Breakfast was great and you even had a choice to either dine in the restaurant or the bar area where they had laid it out for the 'express' breakfast if you were in a rush in the morning. I tried both areas during my stay and liked them both.The staff are really attentive and are always willing to help, whether it's to help you with your luggage or arrange a taxi.Location is also good and is only a 15 minute walk into Leicester Square or the West End. So perfect for that Theatre trip, which I took full advantage of and went to see Chicago at the Cambridge Theatre.Overall, I had a pleasant stay and would definately consider staying here again rather than the one of the many branded hotels around London.	
Feb 13 2007 	Looks great...but what's that in the tub?	We had an overnight in London on our way back home from Portugal, so we picked this hotel based on the location and photos of the grand exterior and lobby. Granted, it IS beautiful and impressive as others have agreed, but this is not a 4-star hotel. The hotel is in an excellent location, right on the Piccadilly Line to Heathrow, and near the British Museum and some wonderful little restaurants (we had dinner at a great Indian restaurant a 10 minute walk away). We paid the equivalent of about $185 for this room, and when my husband came back to me after checking in he immediately said, &quot;Hey, we get breakfast included with the room!&quot; That was an unexpected surprise and we were both pleased. Our room on the first floor was small, but many London rooms are. It was facing the inside and the windows didn't open, but that was fine because the massive HVAC system was right outside, and their hum became &quot;white noise&quot; all night. After dinner we came back to the hotel and each had a drink in the hotel bar, which was cozy. So the next morning we had what we thought were our &quot;included&quot; breakfasts and then checked out, and discovered they were charging us an extra 50 pounds (about $100) for the two drinks and two breakfasts! No matter how adamant my husband was about being told at check-in that the breakfast was included, no one at the desk seemed to care. They were like, &quot;Who told you that? Did you get his or her name? Are they working now?&quot; We certainly wouldn't have eaten breakfast there if we knew how expensive it was.OK, here's the most disgusting part of our stay. About 10:30 at night, after we'd gone to bed, we heard this horribly loud gurgling sound in the bathroom. When we got up to check, we discovered that someone in a nearby room had diarrhea and it was coming up in our tub! I kid you not. After we got over the initial shock, we ran some bath water to try to get it to drain out, because the odor was becoming very strong, but the tub was v-e-r-y slow to drain, so the stuff just floated in there and we closed the door to isolate the smell and let it drain overnight. As they say, the solution to pollution is dilution. We didn't get around to discussing this at check-out because we were arguing about the breakfast thing and had to leave to catch our plane. [Note to Maintenance: check plumbing problem in room 147] Would we stay here again? No way!	
Feb 13 2007 	Very Disappointing	I was very disappointed with this hotel and would not class it as 4 Star. They have ensured the outside of the hotel, the foyer and bar etc is impressive but the room itself was small, old fashioned and in need desperate need of redecoration. The corner wall by the window was mouldy and the window was an old sash window which let in a draft as well as noise from the bar and air conditioning units. The bed was so soft I had to examine it to make sure it wasn't a water bed!At 10.30pm, I was about to go to sleep, wanting an early night for my course the next day when thumping bass music started up, I tried to ignore it for an hour but in desperation phoned Reception only to be told it would finish at 1am, when I tried to complain she told me I could fill out a form when I checked out! At least she was right it did finish at 1am and finally I got to sleep. However at 6am I was awoken by gurling and banging pipes from the showers of neighbouring rooms. It was the worst and most expensive night sleep (well few hours) I have ever had and I would never stay there again nor recommend it.	
Feb 10 2007 	Never again	This hotel was so disappointing during my 2 night stay. It is clearly the worst value for money hotel I have EVER stayed in.At check-in, they told me they had cancelled my booking because I didn’t show up. I explained that I had pre-paid the night before because I was arriving from Australia and wanted to be able to check in as soon as I arrived. Eventually they found me a room.The staff were friendly enough, but not helpful; didn’t help me with my bags, couldn’t recommend restaurants and didn’t open doors etc. I don’t usually care about this kind of thing, but considering how much I was paying and the 4 star rating, I expected so much more.The room was old and tired. The bathroom was way too big, a complete waste of space. The bed was the most uncomfortable and old bed I have ever had the misfortune to sleep in. It was a nightmare, old and saggy.I didn’t bother trying any of the restaurants, I got the feeling they weren’t going to be much better than the rest of the hotel.	
Feb 10 2007 	Loads a fun in London	We arrived at The Russell Hotel on the Friday afternoon, it was a very quick and simple check in, which was good as we were rushing out to see a show. The rooms were small but they had everything you needed for a weekend stay and they were freshly decorated to a high standard. We had a drink in the bar after our night out , bit pricey but nothing you don't expect in a London Hotel. We had a full english breakfast in with our hotel package which was buffet style and was on from 7.30 till 11am so you could have a lie in after a late night. This hotel is very well situated and i would definatly use it again if i stayed in London.	
Feb 4 2007 	Run down	The hotel has good location in central London and probably a glorious past but that's about it.Everything in the hotel seemed old and quite run down.My booked room was already let when I arrived, despite the hotel was informed of my late arrival. I was offered a replacement which was awful (leaking toilet, stains everywhere etc). The next day I was offered a free breakfast when I complained, which was fine.The staff was friendly and helpful. The check out was all smooth.But I would rather not stay there again.	
Jan 25 2007 	Good location some awful rooms poor service	I have stayed at this hotel a few times due to attendance on a course that was held there. The first time I stayed my room was very poor, small and dingy on the back of the hotel, no fridge definately not 4 star. I later realised that I had been given an economy room despite paying the full rate. A few hours before setting off on my next visit I contacted the hotel to ensure I would be given the standard of room paid for. They responded by saying my booking had been cancelled by fax. This was a complete fabrication. Had I not contacted them I would have arrived in London, a woman travelling alone late at night to be told I had nowhere to stay. When challenged they did honour my booking although when I was checking in I heard them tell another person the same story about receiving a fax from their company cancelling the booking! On that occassion I was given a slightly better room. The room with the old door supporting the matress (mentioned in a previous review) does exist because a friend stayed in it and took a picture to prove it. There are some re-furbished rooms that are quite nice but it is very hit and miss as to what standard of room you will get. Having said all that each room was clean, and the location is good with restaurants and shops nearby and Russell Square underground station just around the corner.	
Jan 24 2007 	Avoid Room 541	We stayed at the Russell Hotel on 20 Jan 07 and have to admit we were very disappointed.Our first room, 541, was small, the TV didn’t work, there was wallpaper peeling off the wall, the bed was broken, and to our amazement there was an old door under one side of the mattress.After complaining we were upgraded to a much better room, 506, but the standard was still not that good. I would say that this hotel is definitely not worth the current rates being charged.In the bathroom the heated towel rail was so close to the toilet that you could easily have burnt your leg. Why, when they were redesigning the rooms didn’t they put the towel rail on the wall above the toilet where there was lots of space? There is very little wardrobe space and the iron and ironing board couldn’t have been in a more awkward position. Why not situate them in the wardrobe?On the plus side, the location of this hotel is perfect, there are lots of restaurants, cafes, pubs and shops nearby, and it is only a short tube ride to the centre of town.	
Jan 15 2007 	Up Up at the Russell	I love this hotel and when ever I am in this part of London I would choose to stay there. It is fair to say that the rooms are a little on the small side, but I have had much smaller in Manhattan. The hotel is splendid from the outside and the public areas inside are quite lovely. The room we had was spotlessly clean and ready for us when we checked in just after lunch. Without exception the staff were helpful, friendly and courteous. This close to the centre of London the price we paid was certainly a bargain. There was a short wait to be seated at breakfast, but the dining room was beautiful and the quality of the meal was as good as I have had anywhere in a hotel and certainly exceptionally good value.	
Jan 8 2007	Excellent Hotel	I went to the hotel with some trepidation having read some of the reviews, especially as my 12 year old daughter was with me, but I cannot agree with the negative reviews posted. I had a standard room which was very clean and large by London standards. Certainly the furniture was basic but new and perfectly servicable and the bathroom was superb. The location is great being within walking distance of Euston and Kings Cross - handy if coming from the North - and with many amenities on the doorstep in what is a very nice part of central London. Reception was very efficient and there were no problems at breakfast, though it may of course be different in the peak season. All this for a dirt cheap internet rate! I would recommend this hotel without hesitation and would try to stay here again if I can get another good deal.	
Jan 5 2007 	Seen better days	My better half and I planned our trip to the UK meticulously. We decided that we would spend one night in central London, and then head off to Dudley in the Midlands to attend my older brother's wedding.The hotel is a busy and bustling part of London (OK that could just be anywhere in London). It's right by a tube (subway) station, which made it incredibly easy to get ourselves and our luggage from Heathrow Airport.The hotel staff were excellent and really helpful - indeed I had spoken to them a few times about holding train tickets and other items for our journey. They found my mail, tickets and the luggage we had sent on ahead of us in short order - full points for service.As other people have stated, the location of the hotel, in Russell Square, close to the tube and a short walk from Euston railway station and incredibly close to the British Museum, was excellent. Of course if you stay anywhere in Central London, getting around is a breeze.Architecturally the building is quite magnificent outside and in. It dominates the sqaure, and its red stone exterior stands out against the generally grey surroundings.There a handy little bar/cafe in the park, and we stopped there for a beer and a snack on the first morning of our visit.The hotel was quiet and fairly clean. The hotel is very characterful, but a lot of that character comes from it's tatty and moth-eaten interior. The bar was rather dingy and desperately needed a makeover. Our room had evidently been recently upgraded in a sort of misguided deco/moderne style. It was a very small room, with an en suite bathroom. The bathroom was relatively huge, in a comedy sort of a way. It was clear that the bedroom had once been much larger with no bathroom - evidently the remodelling had to accommodate exiting dimensions, plumbing, windows etc. I did wonder if all the other rooms had different proportions between bathroom and bedroom, such as a huge sleeping area and a tiny bathroom etc.We didn't spend much time in the room, so its cramped nature didn't have much affect on us. We got in, changed clothes ,made some phone calls and headed straight out to do one of the London Walks -I highly recommend them if you want to learn about London and get some good brisk exercise...and some beer.I liked the old-fashioned feeling of the hotel - having spent most of my hotel visits in recent years at American hotels, the British approach was refreshingly different. The hotel has obviously seen better days, but it's pleasant enough.If you like quirky, old-fashioned and unusual hotels, then I recommend this hotel. If you must have American hotel standards, then you will probably have to pay a little more money.	
Dec 31 2006 	Average hotel with a dire restaurant!	Location: Good central location, close to the Tube and other attractions. Within congestion charging zone.Outside: Impressive frontage, clean. Difficult to pull up in a car however, like many places in London. No hotel car park.Lobby: Impressive. Clean. Staff polite enough but not especially helpful.Room: Small, rather shabby decoration with torn wallpaper. Furniture rather rickety. Carpets and soft furnishings marked. Windows not easy to open/close. Overall a rather poor impression of grubbiness - not impressive for a central London 4* hotel.Restaurant: Simple advice - do not use the restaurant. My meal was so bad I had to send it back, and I can't remember ever having t do that before. Lamb so dry it was actually impossible to cut with the table knife. Replacement only average. Expensive. Overall very, very poor. Had gone for my fiancee's birthday - what a disappointment!Overall: Good location, OK staff, slightly cold &amp; shabby room with a terrible restaurant. Would be fine for 2* money, but The Russell knows how to charge, and for that I would simply recommend to travellers to KEEP AWAY!	
Dec 30 2006 	Bad Day in Bloomsbury	My wife and I had previously stayed at the Hotel a few years ago, before it changed ownership. We stayed in one of their Art &amp; Tech rooms which was very nice and encountered no major problems.This year, we booked the Hotel for one night B&amp;B on return from our holiday in Moscow. Although our flight arrived more or less on time, the terrorist scare that had seen chaos at Heathrow had occured during our stay in Russia and caused big delays in luggage retrieval. After finally arriving in Paddington via the Heathrow Express, we discovered that the Underground had been virtually shut down, necessitating a taxi journey to the Hotel.Arriving at the Russell, naturally somewhat jaded, reception could not find our booking even though we had booked it some months earlier in anticipation of our trip. After some delay, they found us a room. It was a ground floor room, acceptable but somewhat shabby and tired (I don't think they've got round to renovating the ground floor).Breakfast the next morning was horrendous. People were having to queue for up to 20 minutes because when buffet items ran out they were not being replenished quickly enough by the staff (there was no shortage of staff and the restaurant was not very busy). Food finally arrived but by then the plates had run out and I had to point out to the staff the fact. They duly brought plates, but they were stone-cold; not ideal considering that the food was not terribly warm. When they did bring out food it was of a poor standard - greasy undercooked bacon, greasy fried eggs tasting of very old cooking fat. Basic requisites of service were ignored - teaspoons for our coffees, condiments on the table etc.Upon checking out, my wife made a very strong complaint to the reception staff who, whilst most polite, seemed reluctant to divulge the necessary contact information that would enable us to make a formal written complaint. By coincidence, whilst these negotiations were going on, another couple came to check out. The lady of this pair was, whilst in no way abusive to the staff, absolutely incandescent about the standard ot the breakfast - Q.E.D.Finally, we were given the information we needed and left. My wife wrote letters both to the Hotel and the owners resulting in an offer of a free night and a promise that procedures would be reviewed.We did take up the offer a few months later as we had occasion to spend a night in London. The room was of the same quality and the breakfast, whilst service had improved, was still largely inedible.In short, my advice would be to ascertain what the quality of room you have been allocated is and avoid the breakfast. If you take a left from the Hotel entrance and take a short walk along Southampton Row, you will find a bar that offers a very reasonably priced, tasty buffet breakfast.	
Dec 29 2006 	Poor value for money	Like the Majority of the writers the lobby is impressive, nevertheless to call this a four star hotel is a joke, i would rate this max a three star, rooms are cold, carpets are dirty, room service 'food' very poor indeed.Tip: Dont waste your time or money .C W Maloney	
Dec 14 2006 	The standard rooms DO HAVE different sizes...	Stayed at the Russell five nights from December 7th to 12th. As everyone else I must agree that the entrance is impressive, and ofcourse the location is great, but really, that`s pretty much all this hotel has to offer. I`ve read in earlier reviews that there are big differences in the size of standard rooms at this hotel so when we got a small room with not so pretty darkish colours and a backyardview I asked to get a bigger room, also because I read at &quot;hotels.com&quot; that there are separate bathtub and shower in standard rooms and fridge available on request. After talking to three young, confused staff members I talked to a woman who told me that there were no such thing as bathrooms with separate bathtub and shower, and she also claimed that all standard rooms were exactly the same size. I asked her about this again; EXACTLY the same size? and she said yes, EXACTLY the same size. So I understood that if there were no such rooms I couldn`t get one, so I asked for a room with a fridge, hoping that maybe this room was at least better than the one we had in some way. They had a standardroom available with fridge the next morning, so I accepted to stay in the first room until then. We were pretty surprised when we opened the door to the new room, it was much bigger!! And with view down on the main street and in pretty light beige colours...I really do believe that some hotels, this included, put you in one of the poorest rooms at first, to see if you complain, and if you do so they`ll move you... No complaining, no value for your money!Other things worth mentioning about this hotel: Long lines for breakfast, very few choises in bread and meat and drinks at breakfast never cold.	
Dec 12 2006 	Average hotel in an impressive building good location	I found this hotel very impressive from the outside and in the lobby. It's a very old building that dominates Russel Square.The room was not very big but it was of a decent size, it was very clean and the bed was comfortable. The shower was powerful and I found everything to be good enough even though nothing amazing.The TV was not working very well. There were few channels and some of them were fuzzy whilst some others were completely missing. Films on demand cost a whopping £9.95 (the price of a brand new DVD) so I didn't bother with that. I also made a quick phone call which cost me £3.50!The area felt safe at the front of the hotel on the actual Square, but the street on its side although alright looked a bit unsafe to walk on late at night. There were some people hanging out by the tube station and the Tesco Express supermarket. And because of the old style windows it was a bit noisy but not so bad that I couldn't sleep.It's still a safe hotel and there's no problem staying there. I just wouldn't take the Underground after 9pm or 10pm as it's quite a small station and I wouldn't feel very safe on my own.Which brings me to the location of this hotel: for the price it is very very good location as you are 1min walk from the Underground. You can take the Piccadily line from Russel Square station, and if you go one station South West you are on the Central Line, only a couple of stops away from Oxford Street on the West if you're there for some shopping, or Bank on the East if you're there for business. So everything is in easy reach.There is the Tesco nearby and a couple of basic restaurants if you need to eat away from the hotel which I would recommend. I found the food in the hotel to be just about average. Also it was very expensive and I hardly got anything to eat on my plate. I found myself leaving the restaurant hungry.The breakfast wasn't much better I'm afraid. The bread and croissants were a bit hard every morning and felt as if they were made artificially several days before. And don't get me started on their coffee. In the end I only drank orange juice. So all in all I would say the food is the only real downside of this hotel.The staff was helpful, except in the restaurant where the service was slow and sub-standard. I had to be seated on a table with old plates waiting for it to be taken away despite the fact that it wasn't very busy. I waited for ages and didn't get an apology or asked if I wanted a drink or a paper (I was on my own). In the end it was taken away but the table was not cleaned.Bottom line is: don't be fooled by the impressive building and expect a posh hotel. It's nice enough, but far from luxury, and the price is more justified by the excellent location than by any amazing features.I was lucky enough to get a special rate on this one. I would go back there again if I can find another cheap deal as it was very decent and convenient, if not I will try and find something else.	
Dec 7 2006 	Impressive Entrance Substandard Service	We booked a non smoking room of which non were available on our arrival, so we were put into a smoking room where the air conditioner didnt work. Both our key cards failed to work on our return late on the first night causing us to have to go back down to the lobby to get new ones.Breakfast in the morning was very bland and i had to ask several times for some toast and coffee and the restaurant wasnt even that busy. My partner discovered a hair in her food, got a waiter to take it away, only for him to return the same plate, with the same food on it except a clean spot where he had picked the hair from her plate!The iron in our room had something melted to it which i only discovered after using it on a shirt which is now ruined.We have complained about the level of service we recieved to the hotel during our stay, on our departure the customer relations manager spoke to us and offered us compensation for the shirt and an upgrade and anything we wanted if we stayed again, and this would be confirmed to us in writing.The &quot;customer relations&quot; manager has failed to get in touch with us, and has failed to reply to our phone calls and emails.I am still pursing the matter but for the price we paid there are far better and cheaper hotels to stay in in London.	
Dec 5 2006	Perfect location	Just spent the weekend at the Russell Hotel in London. Arrived early, noon. Prepared to stow our bags for a few hours only to be told our room was already available. On the fifth floor, twin room and very nice. Located just around the corner from Russell Square tube station means the location is perfect. 2 stps to Covent Garden and only 1 from Kings Cross.Wish I'd phoned to check offers as they have theatre and dine tickets available for most shows starting from £27.50. Price includes upper circle ticket and 2 course meal in hotel resturant.For a fiver more you can get better seats. Even the top shows are offered at £79 including dinner.I would recommend this hotel to anyone prepared to pay middle of the road prices.	
Dec 1 2006 	Total disappointment!	This place unfortunately managed to screw up on so many levels that I can't imagine ever going back! When I showed up, there was a long line as the fully staffed reception was really having difficulty keeping up. I could understand if only one person was there, but there were 5 seperate people manning the reception and they still were taking forever. In front of me, I saw that a whole group had their reservation disappear and they started arguing with the reception. Long story short, when it came my turn, they had also not received my reservation even though I had a confirmation. No matter how much searching they did, they couldn't find me in the system and didn't really care to &quot;help me out&quot;. Hence, I had to book a room at the rack rate which turned out to be somewhere around €450 per night. As it was so late I couldn't get anyone in my office to send me a copy of the confirmation and I wasn't about to walk out on the street and be a walk-in at another hotel after being on the road for 15 hours. I was able to provide the confirmation the following morning and get the rate I booked but they were such a pain in the a$$ in the evening that my stay was ruined right from the start. The rooms themselves are small and loud. I was on the second floor facing a street and I could hear every car which came by as well as all doings in the hallways......where is any sound proofing here??? Further, there are no amenities in the room. There isn't even a mini-bar............and you want to tell me this place is worth €450 a night?????? I know no one books at this rate but it's utterly ridiculous. Further, the breakfast is horrible. There is barely any selection, the service is rude and couldn't be bothered and the food tastes nothing but &quot;bland&quot;. I know the typical London hotel has poor food but here it was just sub-par even to London standards. In summary, there is much better without much effort in London!	
Nov 30 2006 	Top Notch Russell	This hotel is definitely one that you must stay in. I was a little worried that it was older, and might be more historically correct, than it would be guest friendly, but it was a great mix of both. The entry to the hotel was wonderfull, being greated by the grand staircase as you walk in lets you know that you are staying someplace that is a bit above the rest. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was a bit on the small side, but very nice and clean. In-room safe made it easy to leave a few things behind. Access to the subway was great. There is a small grocery store within half a block, and getting a few sandwiches and drinks made touring london a lot cheeper.	
Nov 29 2006 	One of the best in the area	I recently stayed in one of the revamped rooms and the decor was exceptional. The staff were friendly and remembered that I said I pal was visting me and sent them up swiftly. Breakfast is ok though tends to get very busy and you have to queue which is unacceptable at this price. It is a very clean hotel.	
Nov 16 2006 	Elegant Hotel And Good Value	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in November 2006 over a weekend.The position is excellent, right next to the tube station, just one stop from Kings Cross and 3 stops from all the action in Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square and Covent Gardens.There is a useful 24 hour Tesco Express nearby and other shops, and bars etc.The hotel is very grand especially the bar and lobby. The &quot;full english&quot; breakfast is quite sufficent and in buffet style.The rooms are fairly small however they are modern and comfortable and includes an iron, safe, sky TV and tea/coffee making facilities.Overall i would recommend this hotel as it is comfortable and very well positioned. Any questions please feel free to e-mail me: markhustwit@hotmail.co.uk	
Nov 15 2006 	Disappointed	Though the location was conveniently close to the Russell Square tube stop, we will not return to this hotel. The room was small with a poor view and with obvious leak stains in the ceiling, we had no fridge, breakfast was not included (seemingly arbitrary), heated towel bar didn't work, check-in staff was unfriendly and dour. Our hotel room was just a place to sleep. What does it take to get a nice room? Do you need connections?	
Nov 12 2006 	Loved the Russell	I loved this hotel. Stayed at the Russell for a week while visiting my daughter. I had some hesitation about my decision to book here after reading some of the reviews, but my experience was positive. I booked through my travel agent; prepaid rate included a full breakfast that was wonderful. The room was gorgeous: beautifully decorated, nicely equipped (small fridge, in -room safe, set-ups for coffee, tea, hot chocolate; heated towel bar). Smallish room but the same size as any boutique hotel in Manhattan (e.g. The Iroquois). Staff extremely helpful and professional; concierge service made reservations for dinner and helped to get tix to &quot;Evita&quot; in the West End. Lobby and bar gorgeous. Everything was immaculate. Room cleaned beautifully daily....towels replaced and coffee set-up replenished. Location was amazing, across from lovely Russell Square (with the Cafe in the park, great place to sip tea and people watch). Close to Russell Square tube stop on the Piccadilly Line. Bloomsbury is a great neighborhood; the Russell is a wonderful pile of Victorian bricks.	
Nov 3 2006 	A good hotel needs more than just location!	We booked through Expedia, and the first thing we were told was that because we had prepaid, breakfast was not included. We argued with them that continental breakfast was understood to be included, to no avail. Secondly, the only time we got clean linens was when we called and told them after four days there that we knew the linens had not been changed and the towels were awfully wrinkled to say they were fresh. Thirdly, after a failed experience with the concierge, we booked a tour through a concierge from another hotel. Natalie, the Russell Hotel manager, phoned us to get our feedback when we asked that our complaints be communicated to her, and she finally on our fifth day there offered us 2-for-1 FULL breakfasts (ridiculously priced) to compensate for our several disappointments. We declined. Our room air handling unit was loud but bothered me more than my husband who felt it was more like white noise. The room looked nothing like any pic posted on the hotel Web site. Ours was sufficient, but look at the candid travelers pics before booking! The location is irrefutably good if you like to take the Tube anywhere, easily accessible to and from Heathrow. The British Museum is practically across the street. We made the decision not to spend a penny more than our booking as a result of our treatment, and while we typically use room service and eat at the restaurant in any hotel where we stay, we did not do so a single time. A good hotel needs more than just location!	
Nov 1 2006 	Grand Entrance	My cousin (from Toronto) and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in October this year. We found the hotel to be more than adaquate with the facilities, area etc. Staff were helpful, rooms clean, big room (twin) and the bathroom very modern. We were told it was a continental breakfast so was surprised to find a nice cooked breakfast (buffet style). All the food you could eat and nicely cooked. The only problem we did encounter was that our room was on the first floor and we could hear music from the function room but this finished at 1am so was not too bad. I have recommended this to friends, one of who have booked for December this year.	
Oct 31 2006	Disappointed on my Honeymoon	My husband and I stayed at the Russell for 2 nights on our honeymoon and were disappointed. From the outside, the hotel looks very grand and old-fashioned. On the inside, our room was filled with cheap &quot;modern&quot; looking furniture, which did not match the old charm of the exterior. The shower was behind a glass door and the water would leak under the door, into the room and under the room carpet when we showered. We told the front desk about the shower problem, but the next morning the same thing happened. The room felt damp because the carpet was soaking wet from the dirty water from the shower. We told the front desk the second time that our problem wasn't addressed, but they did not offer any explanation or incentives to come back. Also, the maitre d' (or the person in charge of calling cabs, holding luggage, etc) was very condescending to my husband, who asked him about the best way to get to Victoria Station. He recommended that we get a cab, but when my husband asked him about the tube, he sneered and made a reference to everyone having a choice on their mode of transportation. Overall, we were disappointed with the facilities as well as the service during our honeymoon stay at this very expensive hotel.	
Oct 26 2006 	Oh Dear dear dear	Stayed at hotel for a conference for three painful nights. What a mistake. First room was simply dirty. This was changed to a room marginally better but with dirty grey nets, a leaking ceiling in heavy rain. Rooms were very small and dated. Paint flaking off windows. Breakfast service was slow and food overcooked. The conference facilities were good but please don't stay at the hotel if you expect a minimum standard you wont find it here.	
Oct 24 2006 	Happy Experience at the Russell Hotel	Jusr returned from a long weekend stay in London. Stayed at the Russell Hoiel and it was 'as billed'. Very clean, small room but still very comfortable. Could use a little more storage space for clothing, but made do. Great beds and updated private bath. Continental breakfast included but you have the opportunity to 'upgrade' on those days you need a full English breakfast with no problem. Service staff very attentive to your needs. Great location in London as a base for exploring.Had stayed there 20 years ago and the upgrades (including air conditioning) really make a positive difference. Wouldn't hesitate staying there next time in London.	
Oct 21 2006	lovely venue for a wedding	we had our wedding at the Russell this September which was booked through our catering company. The function rooms are excellent for any wedding, one being very beautiful and classic, the other rigged up with all the technical stuff a function could need.As part of our wedding package we had a suite on the top floor - the room was amazing. We were actually lost for words when we went in. We had one of the corner rooms so had a love seat area that looked out over Russell Square and Holborn and so much space, we could have had the wedding in the room itself! I imagine the suites are phenominally expensive, so the only big disappointment was theshowerr in the bathroom - with such high quality finishes everywhere else, we expected more than a slow lukewarm drip.Overall the hotel is in a great location for central london, the staff generally friendly, and the modern rooms far nicer than the traditional rooms. You could probably get more for your money elsewhere tho.	
Oct 11 2006 	Terrible	Due to a mix up with my secretary, I arrived to find that I did not have a booking for that night and only the next. Thankfully, the staff gave me a room but charged me the most expensive rate rather then the corporate rate that I was on for the next night. Slightly annoying, but really not their fault so fair enough. It took about 30 minutes for someone to look into the room and tell the front desk that it was not clean. I told them I would go to dinner and pick up my key on my return. When I returned, I went into my room to discover a faulty airconditioning system right next to the bed that made a very loud (louder then an alarm clock) noise every 20 minutes despite turning it off. By this time it was about 2am and after calling downstairs a few times, not having my message returned, having the receptionist ask me to look out windows so she could confirm what side of the building I was on (???) and being told they couldn't give me ear plugs because I would not hear a fire alarm (I wouldn't be able to hear anyway over the airconditioner), I was offered a discount on the room for that night (there were no other rooms to transfer to apparently but after reading other people's reviews, I think they tell this to everyone who calls reception). I received 2 hours sleep that night and was exhausted for my meetings. I changed rooms the following morning and left my baggage with the front desk to take to my room. When I returned, my luggage had not been taken up but the new room was quiet (thankfully!). The next morning I awoke to find two small slug like creatures crawlling on the floor in the bathroom and the shower pressure was faulty (very strong for a few seconds and vertially nothing the next). When I went downstairs to check-out I did this via the express check-out procedure. The bill originally had my discount for the second night thereby giving me a discount of 10 pounds rather then approx 75 pounds (due to the fact the first night was more expensive). They amended this and I had the front desk person sign it. Last week I then received my credit card receipt showing that the extra 75 pounds had been charged. It took approximately 5 or 6 long distance telephone calls to get this fixed. I was told by the accounts department that they didn't know who the manager was and told by the manager (when I was finally connected through) that he would follow-up my inquiry as a matter of urgency the following day only to find out that he wasn't working on that day. I had to rant and rave to get anyone at that hotel to care and to get anything done. The hotel has now been taken off my companies preferred places to stay. With that said, the interiors are lovely but what is the point with such faults and with service like this? If you value your sleep and sanity, do not book this hotel.	
Oct 5 2006 	Wonderful hotel	Stayed here for one night in Spetember when taking my girlfriend to London for her 30th birthday. Hotel looked great from the photos but is even better inside. You can tell they have recently spent £20m doing it up!Can't comment on the food as we didn't eat there, but the rooms were large, comfortable, well appointed and the air-con was great!Recommended for that special occasion.simon.wilding@tesco.net	
Sep 27 2006 	very pleased	I stayed at this hotel for one night only on the 19th September. I had a single room with a really nice bathroom on the 5th floor which is a dedicated non smoking floor! Bliss! The room and bathroom were both immaculate. The breakfast was really nice. All in all the staff were helpful and the whole experience was very pleasant indeed.	
Sep 25 2006 	Had a good stay here	Stayed here for 4 nights in September. Location is great - especially for the West End. Tube station is right beside the hotel so it is easy to travel around. There is a 24 hour Tesco supermarket across the road from the station which is handy for picking up snacks, fruit, drinks etc. and there are a lot of restaurants nearby. I was on the 5th floor facing the small park opposite the hotel. It is on a main road but I didn't notice any excessive noise.I had a single room with a single bed. The room was not huge but big enough and was clean and well decorated. Bathroom looked newly refurbished. You only get one handtowel and one bath towel but when I asked for another one the staff where very pleasant.Television had all the main channels and a couple of satellite ones. It also has about 50 pay per view movies. Overall I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 20 2006 	Fabulous decor and breakfast.	Fabulous decor. Some of the desk staff could have spoken better English and been more friendly. The room was clean except for a slight cigarette smoke smell. Bed was very comfortable. The sound of the fans from the huge cooling system in the converted courtyard meant the window had to be closed. Breakfast was first rate with good service. Close to the underground with non-transfer ride to Heathrow.	
Sep 15 2006 	Staff could have been more happier.	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights booked into a single room went for the modern design look paid extra for this. Room very nice but small ,air conditioning wasnt working informed the staff nothing done about it,mentioned this again on checking out and got £60 off the bill. Breakfast very nice , plenty of choice. Location of this hotel is very good ,all the main attractions are close by.The main problem with this hotel is some of the staff look very sad and they appear not to want to help you its a real shame as this could be a really nice place to stay .	
Sep 12 2006 	Don't Stay Here!	I have stayed in many hotels in London and this one is by far the worst. The room we booked was given to somebody else and we were stuck in a decrepid room where you could only get in to the bed at one side. The bathroom was up some stairs which is not ideal when you have to go in the middle of the night. When we complained I had to wait 20 mins to see the manager because I was in a queue of four complainants. Eventually we were given another room (only one available apparently) which had been refurbished and was marginally bigger than a shoe box. The so called double bed was only three quarters and again could only be accessed from one side. The flat screen TV could only be watched by one of us laying in bed due to the angle it was positioned. Breakfast miserable, staff miserable and most un-helpful. No hot water in the morning and for those on the 5th floor no water at all. NEVER AGAIN!	
Sep 9 2006	Had a great time	Impressive on entry and we were not disappointed with reception service and bedroom. Bedroom clean and tidy and the facilities were very good. A slight smell of stale smoke knocks off a few marks. Must be ingrained in furniture BUT the place was good and very accessible to St Pancras and the West End. Easily walked to both. Would definitely stay again but ask for a non smoking area. Got double room with full english breakfast £87! Breakfast was chaotic but hey it is London!!	
Sep 5 2006 	Good	We stayed at the Russell in Aug. 2006. When we checked in the room we where given was tiny, we complianed to reception and were given an alternative which was much better. The staff at the hotel where great and breakfast was fantastic with lots of choice. The hotel was in a brilliant location. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 4 2006 	Don't do it!	The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The windows are not double glazed and we were woken a number of times during the night by people in the street. We did not get the newspaper we ordered, had only one towel between two and had to ask for a second one twice. Our door card became deactivated, the door handle came off in my hand as we were leaving to go out on Saturday night and although it was fixed before we came back, someone woke us on Sunday morning to see if it had been fixed. The room was too small and too hot, and the rubbish was not emptied for the entire three days we were there.	
Aug 27 2006	Great!	Stayed at the Russell for three nights last week, and was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was spotless and the facilities were great. We were given a complimentary upgrade, and the room was enormous with everything a business person or holidaymaker could want. There was a huge range of foods at breakfast, and the service was excellent. All staff were polite and friendly, with ready smiles. All in all, I would recommend this hotel without hesitation!	
Aug 22 2006	Excellent location good hotel	Stayed 1 night in a single room, which was refurbished, contemporary look, very spacious and clean. Only negative was that the room was facing the road, on the 4th floor, and there was a lot of noise from the traffic on Russell square. There is a Tesco metro opposite the tube station, handy to get some nibbles &amp; drinks. Tube is 2 min walk away, Covent Garden only 2 stops.Booked through laterooms @ £79.	
Aug 15 2006 	Ahh....air conditioning	We moved to this hotel from a non-A/C hotel during July 2006 heat wave. Great rooms, great location, nice staff. Very close to the Tube Station (2 minute walk). Bonus feature was North American electrical socket, with 120 V. We will definitely be back.	
Aug 14 2006 	Fab location beautiful hotel bad service!	We stopped at the Russell Hotel in August, we have previously stayed here before. First of all they are dreadfully slow at checking in and most of the staff do not speak very good english! We left our bags beacuase as usual the room was not ready, we came back around 5pm and was given our room key. As soon as I walked in the room, I could smell fags, no way could I stay in this room - then I remembered I wasn't even asked when booking in what my prefence was. We hot trotted it back to reception, back into the queue. I was told there were no more rooms availiable. I explained to the recpetionist that I couldn't even stand in the room, never mind sleep in it. We was eventally given a suite - mmm your'e thinking luxury WRONG! WE had a 2 floored duplex room, were the double bed was wedged up the wall as the room was that small, which meant my husband had to slide out of the bottom of the bed to get out. Then you go down the steep small stairs to the bathroom, with a fully glass panned door, just in case you wanted an audience when your'e on the toilet - hey some of you might be in to that - if so ask for room 214! The sink was obviously made for people with doll shaped heads, it was the size of a tea cup.The service or rather extreme lack of it at Breakfast is a farce, you queue for ages, get seated and then you become invisble, no one asks if you want coffee or toast, half of the dishes of hot food are empty and you'll be lucky if theres a plate to put in on. I think you are suposed to scoop the food into your hand and carry it back to the table. Yet these people serving are totally obvlious to the english cutting sarcasm that is aimed at them.Beautiful hotel with some very ornate marble work inside, fantastic location for all that London has to offer, but just get the service sorted out! PS it might be a good idea to get bunk beds in room 214!	
Aug 10 2006 	Great value and location	We booked this hotel through the viewlondon.co.uk website and got B&amp;B for 110 pounds. The room had been recently renovated and was small but very chic. Lovely decor and nice big windows. The room was very quiet and the reception staff were very good. The only negative was the breakfast. The service at breakfast was not very good and the food was just satisfactory. This was a fairly minor glitch in an otherwise enjoyable stay. Fantastic location too. Would highly recommend it.	
Aug 9 2006 	first impressions?	I booked a few weeks in advance using a late room booking service on-line. The reason for our stay - a surprise weekend away for my husbands 40th birthday. The location of the hotel cannot be beaten. A two minute walk from Russell square underground which gives access to all areas! and within reasonable walking distance from the west end.We arrived early and so arranged for the concierge to secure our cases. We arrived back after 2pm and queued for some time before being served, the staff could have been friendlier. Our room was disapointing. An ambassador room, contempory but quite dark with the window facing into the central atrium of the hotel [air conditioning units mostly] However outiside, below the window we couldnt help but notice a fine net spanning the distance across the atrium, there were at least five dead pigeons hanging from it! not a great first impression. The mixer taps in our shower did not allow for a cold shower [it was 30c that weekend] A call to reception resulted in us being told we could not be moved to an equivilent room the same day but if we were to keep our cases unpacked they would move us, after 2om the following day! At this point we decided to go out and explore, leaving our key card at reception and explaining that we had plans and that it was not convenient to remain packed. On our return we again waited for some time to be served. We had been relocated to another room of equal standard [the same day] and that the concierge would bring up our cases. The room was much better. We had a great view across to the London eye and by all accounts it was more in line with what I had expected. Unfortunately we had to wait over 45 minutes for our case to arrive. It seems to me that most of the staff were rushed off their feet however,this is no excuse for poor customer service. We did not receive one appology throughout our stay. London is a wonderful place to visit and the location of the hotel is great but if you want customer service this may not be the right choice for you?What a shame	
Aug 5 2006 	Great facilities; wonderful location	We just returned from a 4-day stay and cannot say enough nice things about the hotel.The facade is fantastic, the lobby and central staircase majestic, the room and bathroom were immaculate; the desk staff, concierge and servers were helpful and professional. There was a line for breakfast on only one day but we waited less than 5 minutes.We had complete control of the air-conditioning and heating and both worked quickly and efficiently. We had a room on the 3rd floor with a view on a side street; the cool breeze and rustling leaves were lovely to hear in the city.I especially appreciated the iron and ironing board which were in a cabinet in the room. Internet connections are available: broadband maximum of 20£/24 hours; wifi quite expensive; and a business center. We had a computer and used the broadband connection.The hot breakfast buffet was very good with a nice choice of items; including hot vegetarian items: veggie sausage; potatoes, mushrooms, tomatoes and beans and a selection of warm rolls, croissants, brioche, muffins, cereals fruit , yogurt etc.The location was perfect for us to walk to most places; when tired, the 7 (or more) buses which stop in front of the hotel, as well as the tube stop around the corner, got us everywhere we wanted quickly.They have nice toiletries in the bathroom but try the liquid soap in the public bathrooms on the ground floor - really wonderful scent!I have tried many hotels and B&amp;Bs in London and am overjoyed that I finally found a place where I look forward to my next visit!	
Aug 2 2006 	I thought it was great	There were some snags -- first room stank of smoke but was otherwise lovely and comfortable. 2nd room had very noisy air conditioner (we were there during the heatwave) so they upgraded us to a huge room which made me very happy---I think we paid $150 a night including breakfast. Breakfast room was oppressively hot but staff was lovely...concierge was very nice...I would stay there again	
Jul 31 2006	very luxurious	Went for one night to this hotel on a girlie weekend, booked with a theatre trip and madame tussauds. Extremely good value ( we worked out if we had just had the hotel we would be paying 4 times the price!).Walking into the hotel, we all said WOW. It was very decadent, loads of marble, crystal and luxurious furnishings.The two rooms we were given were very clean, up to date, and the furniture tied in well with the rest of the hotel. The bathrooms were brand new, all crome and white/black. I could not fault our room, except the noise of the air conditioning outside. As there was air conditioning in the room, we just kept the windows closed, but our other room was situated on the side of the hotel, and was a lot quieter. The breakfast was something else. A buffet style service, so if you wanted you could have lots of courses. The waitress staff were very busy but all friendly and polite. The bag attendant was great at looking after our bags after we had checked out, until our train went.We booked with superbreaks and got the whole deal for £135 each, which was worth every penny.I would use Hotel Russell again.	
Jul 30 2006	It should have been called Under expectation rather than Beyond expectation!	When I got in the room, I realized the air conditioning did not work while the inside temperature was at 32o Celsius. I reported the problem to the reception. They checked and told me that they could not fix it. I asked them what there were going to do about it because it was too hot. Without any shame and excuse, he told me seriously that he was going to send me someone to open the window. I told him that I had to leave and wanted a solution by the time I returned to the room. Before leaving the hotel, I mention the problem to the reception (another person than the one I talked with). Upon my return an hour later, I asked if they had a solution. The lady mentioned that her colleague explained me the problem (repeated the same things) so she could not do anything about it, there were no rooms available, and asked me to wait until tomorrow morning!!! Facing this absurd feedback, I told her that I wanted to see the Manager. I waited for twenty minutes and had to ask a number of times where the manager was. The lady was going from one end of the hotel to another but with no manager at sight!! The person who came was the first person I talked to regarding the problem, and he was not the Manager!!! He told me again the same explications and understood my problem. I told him he did not understand anything because he did not do anything about the problem. I also told him that I booked on the British airways web and will report the problem so that they no longer recommend this hotel. Suddenly, he had a room available. I then realize that these people had lied to me previously until I came up with a threat, unbelievable.The breakfast was horrible, poor quality and poor selection. Who gave this hotel a four-star rating?	
Jul 30 2006 	Great Deal IF the right price 	My family stayed at the Russell Hotel 7-9 August 2005. Myself, my wife, and my 1 year-old son were together in a standard room. I had read earlier reviews that the hotel was under renovation, which meant that it would depend on which room you get. Well, to our surprise, we got a newly renovated room. The size of the room is smaller than I had expected, but being an American, I understand that hotels in Europe generally are smaller than in the States. I accepted this, and it was still very comfortable for our family.The decor, the carpeting, the interior design were all exceptional. We even had a small chandelier in the middle of our room. Our bathroom was spectacular. Although compact and small, it was brand new interior. The shampoo and conditioner were top quality. It was superbly clean. Air conditioning was completely controllable by our own personal thermostat. In-room TV with pay movies also available. Coffeemaker, and small fridge included. The service was great!!! I know others didn't get the service they wanted, but we had no problems.Here's a good comment: when we arrived, i was worried that we might end up with a room that was not renovated yet. So I kindly asked the receptionist if I would be able to look at the room they were giving us before we finalized our check-in. You should do this if you can. She said if i was not satisfied, they would find me another room in the same price category. Not bad at all! When i went up to see the room, it was perfect, so we didn't have to change. But if they are willing to let you do this, why not. Better safe than sorry.Furthermore, the decor of the hotel is beautiful. On the exterior, it looks like an old castle. The hallways are all newly remodeled and very exquisite. I would have liked to see a bigger lobby, but the old building structure prevents this. No worries.The concierge was helpful to all our questions...but i recommend you get all the information from him, and then go directly to the merchant yourself to buy tickets. The hotel concierge will always take a small commission from the prices throughout London. That is, unless you don't mind paying the extra few pounds. But if you're on a budget, it might be worth it.We got this hotel through [-----------------]at $88 USD per night, which was at that time around 45 British pounds. You couldn't beat that. Of course, when you priceline, there is no guarantee that you'll get this hotel, but it's worth a shot. Go for the 4 star hotels in the Soho region. By the way, the location was amazing. We were in the heart of London, near very rich and exquisite surroundings. The hotel was in front of a beautiful park, and a walk away from many great restaurants. You could walk to Covent Garden and to the British Museum and it is right off the Tube (Underground) at Russell Square. I would definitely try to get back to the Russell Hotel for my next visit to London (if I can get the same price). Unfortunately, with Priceline, breakfast was not included, but with the money we saved, we were able to go out for breakfast every morning anyway. Enjoy your stay at the Russell Hotel.	
Jul 24 2006 	Poor Service	Stayed at the Russell Hotel on 22nd July 2006. We arrived at 11am but as we already knew we couldn't check into our rooms until 2pm we registered that we had arrived and left the luggage with the concierge to see the london sights. We arrived back at 4pm to collect our room key to find our room wasn't ready!!! Very disappointing as I had phoned the hotel 4 days before arrival to confirm the reservation. When we finally got the key to our room, we were pleased with the decor and found it very comfortable. The next morning we went down to breakfast to find we had to queue for a table!! When seated, buffet breakfast was available, not a huge range of foodstuffs but adequate.The receptionists are very very slow performing check in and check out services. I would expect a 4 star hotel of this size to be like a well oiled machine in the peak season.Overall, 4 star facilities but only 1 star service	
Jul 17 2006	Average Hotel - Good Location	We stayed there for 2 nights in June, the room was very average but did not have any problems that other people seem to encounter. London is a very expensive city so I did not expect anything special for the price we paid. The location is good with the tube right behind, there is a convenience store open 24 hours right accross from the Tube and a nice coffee shop for breakfast right next to the tube.The park accross the street is also very nice for a small stroll in the evening...	
Jul 14 2006	A great place to stay	Stayed here on the 12 of July and we were very impressed by the hotel. We could find no faults whatsoever so what the past reviewers found to complain about I do not know maybe they saw a tiny spider. Room was clean and comfortable just a pity we arrived so late that we could so the facilities were wasted on us but I would recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Jul 10 2006	old sock in a pretty box	Looked a great hotel on the outside - once inside again pretty enough, and then the room - Decor = lacking - not so much dirty as scruffy - paper peeling, old carpet etcRoom - small and i mean small and no view (seems this is a regular internet sepcial)As i paid budget price for this room it wasn't too much hardship - very glad didn't pay top whack. (£98 per night for room 2 sharing, some people paying upwards of £170 for same standards)Bar staff v friendly and concierge helpful - receptions ataff aloof with other guests who were raising concerns on checkouts, fortunately this wasn't me!The positive thing for this hotel is location both on alocal basis - tube, shops and for london as a whole (walking distance to museum, covent gd etc)i suppose you pays your money and takes your chance!!	
Jul 8 2006	Horrifying renovation	The Russell is in a good neighborhood overlooking Russell Square, within walking distance of the British Museum, which is a great plus. Unfortunately, this architectural gem has been given a frightful renovation. The rooms are cheaply outfitted in a psuedo-modern style with mismatched furniture and awful paint jobs. Our first room was so ugly (and smelled so strongly of tobacco) we switched. The second one was moderately better, but also stank. Everything was half done: all the chipped woodwork was badly painted over; the windows were dirty and covered with cheap storm windows and vinyl blinds; the radiator cover was literally falling apart at the seams; the shower door opened inward, which meant you had to fully step into the shower to turn the water on (I guess the cold shock was a good wakeup call). Worst of all, the hallways and (originally) beautiful lobby were done up in half Victorian/half South Beach style. So sad. That said, the staff was very nice. But, for $350+ a night, there's no way we'd go back.	
Jul 7 2006	Average Hotel	I stayed at Russell Hotel last June 30, 2006 for 4 nights. The hotel is ok, average, nothing special. The good things about it are : close to the Russell Square Tube Stationclose to Bus Stopsclose to some convenience stores and restaurantsclose to the British Museum airconditioned room; you have your own bathroom and toilet ( in other hotels, you have to share bathroom or tiolets) Otherwise, hotel service/staff is average; room/ bathroom/toilet is small in size ; internet service is expensive. It is better to go to the Internet Cafes located in some major streets within the city, costing you 1 British Pound per hour instead of 6 pounds per 20 minutes in the hotel. Hotel staff asked me if I wanted newspapers everyday; it's good I asked if it's free because they are NOT; otherwise, they will include that in your hotel bill.	
Jul 5 2006	Great location	I stayed at this hotel with my partner and parents over the Bank Holiday weekend. As it was my dad's first visit to London we wanted somewhere special but not hugely over-priced. The description and previous Trip Advisor reviews promised the former but I had to do a lot of searching to find a good price.The location of the hotel is good - a 10 minute walk form Euston Station and only 15-20 minutes to Covent Garden. So if you're not keen on tube travel and are happy to wander round with a map it's perfect.The hotel itself looks fabulous if you love old architecture. The lobby is very grand, as promised, and the staircase just as regal. There are lots of miniature stained glass windows up the staircase. It's well worth a few trips down (or up) rather than relying on the lifts! Our room was a little pokey but clean and well-decorated in a style that fits the hotel. Mam and Dad's room was much bigger but not as freshly decorated.The staff were friendly but not over-helpful. There was a problem with our hot water during our stay. This meant I had to go to my parents' room on the 2nd floor - from my room on the 8th - for a shower. When I told them at the front desk before leaving for the day I expected something to be done. On our return the front desk staff knew nothing about it. The hot water remained erratic until we worked out that it might be lnked to the air-con/heating system. Maybe this was coincidence but we were left to work it out for ourselves.Breakfast was not impressive at all. As a vegetarian there were no real cooked options and as breakfast was extra I would have been paying for scrambled egg and beans! The continental breakfast wasn't much better and the toast was dreadful. This was the one thing that really let the hotel down - breakfast and bar. The service at breakfast wasn't good. I had to ask 3 times before eventually getting my hot water. The bar was over-priced and offered a poor selection with a stuffy atmosphere.The concierge was more than happy to store our bags on the day we left. However, he was a little dismissive and impatient with us when it came to collecting them in time to catch our train.All in all, for the price we paid for a hotel in this location in London, it was fine. I wouldn't stay again though and probably wouldn't recommend it to my friends. Hotels in London seem to be able to be labelled 4-star and 3-star for not much compared to other countries.	
Jun 29 2006	Terrible service hugely overpriced	For $300 per day you get a room which is a size of an average walk-in closet with a dirty window and no decent view. The reception would not pick up the phone 4 times out of 5. The concierge looks at you like you owe him $100 for a long time and forgot to return. Everything is grossly overpriced including the access to the Internet. The food in their &quot;better&quot; bar is aweful (I did not try the &quot;average&quot; bar.) The only good this about this hotel is location.	
Jun 25 2006	Beautiful Building	The Russell Hotel is a beautiful victorian building - lovely outside and in. It has been renovated and this was easy to see - the room was very tastefully decorated in a contemporary style. Very clean and a decent sized room for us.The bathroom was compact to say in the least -there was really not a lot of room between the toilet and the sink but it was fine. Lovely and clean!We did not eat breakfast there because it was pricey at £19.50! There is a Starbucks down the road so easy to grab a coffee and a danish!Location wise it is excellent - 10 mins walk from Euston Station - 1 minute to Undergorund and 15 minutes walk to Covent Garden. Perfect!The staff were pleasant - One of the Concierges was a little grumpy but nothing really to complain about!Give it a try - definitely worth it!	
Jun 13 2006	well worth it!	My partner and I stayed for 1 night as a package with Superbreaks with a theatre ticket and had a fab time! ( cost £83 each for package) The hotel seemed very busy and we were told that our room was not ready but we could upgrade to an exectutive room for £25. We declined but after about half an hour and a drink in the bar they upgraded us for nothing, so if this is offered to you bide your time! The room was lovely, very roomy with a huge bathroom with freestanding bath and shower. No complaints at all. Breakfast was very good quality but the staff were a bit disorganised and quite a few of them had difficulty understanding english. The trays of food on the buffet were also very small so we had to wait for refills. Only minor moans though. The location was excellent. We walked to the London Palladium and saw lots of other theatres on the way so its ideal for a theatre break.	
Jun 9 2006	Oddly Unsatisfying and Overpriced	We booked our room through British Airways. That may have been a mistake. We paid a very high rate for a twin-bedded room with breakfast, an average of $240 per night -- the most we have EVER paid in London. We were given one of their small rooms at the back of the hotel, on both of our 5 day stays in May. While our rooms were redecorated, they were cramped, with a modern but tiny bathroom with (nice) stall shower (when seated on toilet one's knees were under the sink bowl) and barely enough room for our toiletries and barely enough closet space for our clothes. Drab room decor--all dark brown furniture, tan walls, ugly modern chandelier, but it does have airconditioning and London hotel rooms CAN be stuffy so that was a plus. Duvets on beds can be too warm. Blankets would be better. Washcloths (&quot;facecloths&quot;) not supplied but they were provided when requested.The breakfast buffet included in our room rate--it SHOULD have been at that cost--, was served in pleasant large restaurant, was nice, extensive and included fried and scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, black (blood) pudding, mushrooms and tomatoes, &quot;hash brown&quot; potatoes, rolls, croissants (usually stale), pastries, juices, and choices of cereals, fruit, yogurt, and cold cuts for the Europeans. Nice staff. Hotel lobby is small without much atmosphere. Lots of Victorian polished stone and decorated paneled ceiling--it was built in late 1890s. Hotel has gone though several owners, last was Radisson but now owned by another chain with unfriendly and unhelpful staff at registration. They refused to move us to a larger front room because we had booked through BA, unless we paid additional for it and at that rate, we didn't feel we wanted to spend even MORE! If there is a cheaper way to book here, please let us know. We read of much lower rates but couldn't find them. London and London hotels are brutally expensive for Americans with the dollar at $1.88 to the pound. We think we will seek a hotel in West London, Kensington or Knightsbridge the next time. Tube station and Tesco small supermarket around corner were convenient. It's a wonderful city, but be prepared to spend twice as much -- or more-- for everything than you would at home in the US.	
Jun 5 2006	great hotel would stay again	Booked a night at the Russell Hotel via the superbreaks website, price was very good for any london hotel with great tickets to a show. Stayed in a double room, which was very clean and well equiped. It was on the small size but still big enough for 2.Staff were very helpful and polite. Breakfast was included in the price and this was my only complaint, the first room next to reception is the express breakfast (cereal, toast, etc), there is another room next to this for the full breakfast which we didn't realise that serves the full breakfast. There are no signs about this and the staff were busy and didn't tell us this. Still the express breakfast was very tasty.I would stay here again and recommend anybody to stay here.	
Jun 2 2006	fantastic stay at the Russell	We booked 2 twin rooms for an overnight stay in London. Hotel Russell is an excellent example of 4 star quality. Our children had a large room with &quot;wet room&quot; bathroom and dressing area off (designed as wheelchair room) and it was very spacious. Our room a little smaller, the quality of finish and comfort of the beds, standard of cleanliness was very high. Our breakfast was included in our deal rate, it was a very good selection from full cooked english, fruit, yoghurt, pastries, kippers, hams and cheeses etc, we were very well set up for a days sightseeing and didn't stop till 3.30 for lunch! We booked on a superbreak deal and got a great rate, but even at the rack rate it would be good value.	
May 23 2006	Great location charming building mixed experience	Stayed in the Russell Hotel for a total of 11 nights checking in and out 3 times during that time. The hotel is in a great location and the building is impressive. When you walk through the door the ambiance is comfortable and attractive. I had three separate single rooms during my stay - all small but with varying amenities. The first room had a lovely view over Russell Square, but had virtually no drawers for clothes. The wardrobe had no door and inadequate hangers. There was not enough space for my suitcase which I had to put into the bathroom. The bed was cosy and the duvet and pillows comfortable - the bathroom in this room spacious and well fitted. The second room was on the 6th floor overlooking the airconditioning units. When these fired up, they were quite noisy. I had checked in late at a time when the hotel was full. They had run out of pillows and the reception staff told me &quot;they would do what they could&quot; - unacceptable. However, the housekeeping staff were more than accommodating when they supplied me with two mini pillows for that night and a replacement the following day. The final room was an updated one - very nice and comfortable. I asked for a late check out and was told I would have to pay Pounds 10 per hour. I checked out three hours late and was charged 30 pounds (around 90 Australian dollars). As the hotel was not full, this is just silly customer relations. The reception staff varied from very pleasant to unaccommodating. I used the internet and was charged 6 pounds for 40 minutes! The breakfast room over Easter was struggling to keep up, but the staff were lovely. Overall, I enjoyed my stay and despite the negatives would return, should I be able to secure a reasonable tariff.	
May 13 2006	Great location great hotel.	Once you get past the mysteriously frosty welcome from the (on my visit) Russian front desk staff, the Russell is a fantastic base for some museum hopping and sightseeing in London. It's barely a stone's throw from the tube and right on the very pleasant Russell Square. Admittedly, the room's aren't huge, but their furnishings are up-to-date and clean and give some of the fancier boutique and big name chain hotels a really good run for their money. Perhaps if I'd paid more (my twin room cost $160) I'd be less effusive, but at that price, great value for central London.	
May 8 2006 	Russell Hotel is sugar coated but rotten inside	This was the most overpriced, overrated hotel I have ever stayed in. We were shown two rooms, the second a little better but still awful. Both small rooms had old, bown and cream colored swirling pattern carpets that were stained, torn and dirty. Stained towels, were common and well as old bedding. Dirty windows, old and tired wall paper that was falling from the wallls and water-stained. The staff was uncaring, and ignored complaints from customers. THis may have been a fine hotel at one time, but is now a faded, down on its' luck old dame. We left for better lodgings on the fifth night and saved our conference and stay in London. The redeeming thing of this hotel is it is near other hotels and the Russell Square Tube.	
May 3 2006	Fabulous close to all the shopping.	I stayed here for 2 nights during a weekend trip to London while in Europe on business. I was mainly after shopping on Oxford St, which was just a short 15 min walk away. I was in a room w/ a queen-sized bed with the most amazing linens- super soft sheets and a down comfortor. The room was pretty small, however, and I overlooked the back of the hotel where all the a/c units, boilers, etc were. The staff was helpful and the conceirge was very helpful in holding my luggage after check-out and arranging for travel to the airport. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 2 2006	Beautiful but impersonal	The hotel looks lovely on the renovated inside, and our room was clean and very modern with nicely redone fixtures. However, the front desk staff (save for one helpful man at the concierge desk) I found to be rather impersonal and disinterested. Our stay was pleasant, but even with the deep online discount I couldn't help feeling we were paying much more than the room felt worth.I had booked early via Expedia and specifically requested a double with two beds for my father and me, and yet when we arrived, they acted a s if this were a problem and that the only double was a room in the back with a view of air vents. At least the windows were frosted and curtainedso we didn't have to look at that the whole time.In addition, I would advise travellers NOT to take the full English breakfast each day. It's very tasty and maybe worth a look on one morning, but is also very expensive. You'd do better finding a local place -- and there are plenty within walking distance.In terms of situation, the hotel is located ideally -- within walking distance to the British Museum, and the British Library, as well as the Russell Square Tube station. It's a nice quiet area that's not far from everything else.Lastly, it seems like those who book via online always get put in the back -- ask to see your room before accept it, or you may wind up with a view of the airvents in the back.	
Apr 20 2006 	A trip with a colegue	Nothing special, with the hotel staff seeming a little incompotent. It was also quite expensive for the one night that we stayed in the hotel. To be honest for the price we paid i would have much rather had stayed in a travel lodge and had the same level of service.	
Apr 12 2006	Great hotel for London stay	I stayed in a single. It was always kept very clean and bathroom items (soap/shampoo) were always new even if I had only used a little.Staff was so-so at the desk. But bellboys and concierge were very helpful.Location was wonderful though! Only 1/2 block from the tube, walking distance to the British Museum and directly across the street from a post office -- very convienient for a lot of things.	
Apr 5 2006	pretty average	The room was so-so. The bar is very nice but the bar service was lazy and basically useless - really lets down the place.	
Apr 3 2006	Beautiful and elegant	We stayed in this historic and beautifully maintaned hotel for three nights. We had a twin room and a triple room. The triple room was wonderfully huge and both rooms had newly appointed fixtures and were large. The hotel was elegant and the service was friendly. We especially enjoyed the concierge - he was so helpful - we arrived early, so we left the luggage with him and saw a bit of the city while are room was being prepared. We purchased tickets for local sites through him and he was great with giving directions and suggestions. The breakfast in the hotel was very pricey - so we'd recommend that you walk across the street and eat in the little cafe in the part - very reasonable and the view of the park was a treat. The underground station is close, too. We would stay there again - just a wonderful stay!	
Apr 2 2006	Poor hotel-client relations and poor non-smoking enforcement	Internet is 40 pounds a day, and they call themselves business friendly. I think not. The Hotel Russell does not enforce their non-smoking policy on their non-smoking floors. We had told the staff about the smoke earlier before when it was just a small problem. We mentioned that I have a lung condition and would like a fan sent up to the room. No fan sent. So we decide to go out and stop by the front desk to mention it again. The hotel relations person, Adrian, said that he would send someone up to take care of the problem while we were out. We came back to the hotel after 3 hours, and it smelled like someone had just chain-smoked a whole pack of cigarettes in our bed. We continued to ask for an extra fan, no fan showed up. I had to go to bed with a scarf around my nose. The manager said that we would be reimbursed for our stay at the hotel for that night, but when we came back to the US, they tried to deny it. Thankfully, I made him sign the back of his business card, stating that he would. This is an ok, overpriced place to stay if you don't need anything from the hotel. The customer service is severely lacking and rude for a 4 star hotel. I will never come back to this hotel. The staff there is dismal. The three star in Dublin that I stayed at afterwards was levels above the Hotel Russel.	
Apr 1 2006	Not Bad and Getting Better	I've stayed at this place for twenty years. It's never been better. The location is superb (above the Russell Square Tube line, on Russell Square, minutes from the British Museum, a 10 minute walk to Covent Garden, Leicester Sq., Trafalgar, etc.). It's a huge old Edwardian (not Victorian) red stone pile that has recently been renovated. The single rooms are tiny, but the bed is comfortable and the bathroom more than adequate. The double rooms were more than enough for two people.The food is average London hotel fare. Contrary to other postings the wait staff (mostly cute young kids from central Europe) was helpful and working hard. The doorman is an absolute doll and will do anything for you. He's been there 30 years.I stay here 2-3 times a year and will do so forever. It's not the Ritz but it has charm, dignity and terrific location.	
Mar 31 2006	Poor standard of room	Having stayed in many 4* and 5* hotels throughout Europe we were very disappointed with the Russell. Having booked a standard room we were offered an upgrade for an extra £30 to an Ambassador room which we were told was slightly larger and had a kingsize bed. The room was actually quite pokey with modern beech veneered furniture and cheap fittings that did not fit well in this high-ceilinged, old Victorian room. (Why not modernise in keeping with the age of the hotel?) The shower room had been modernised badly and the shower took ages to warm up with the water spraying out onto the bathroom floor! The ironing board, hairdyer and mirror were in the entrance to the room which had no light and so was very difficult to see to iron or to do your hair!The staff in the hotel were friendly and helpful, but there was no system for coffee at breakfast and we had to ask four times! Breakfast was not brilliant especially if you didn't want cooked.The location of the hotel is excellent, though, and within easy walking distance of Oxford street, Soho, the British Museum etc.We were disappointed with the hotel overall and were glad that we were only there for one night!	
Mar 29 2006 	Not Best Value for money	As a regular Bussiness visitor to London I am always willing to try different hotels convienient to meetings etc. Unfortunately the Russell Hotel was not one of the better ones.Having requested and had cofirmation of a double room I was very miffed to be told on my arrival that they only had singles available. When challanged they did find me a double room on the 6th floor. The room was average in size but in need of some redecorating, however the bathroom was extremely small, with little or no room to stand at the sink.Price wise this was on the more expensive end of the scale for London hotels &amp; definately not worthy of its 4 star rating.Will be giving this a miss on my next visit.	
Mar 19 2006	Great place to stay	We just returned from a week in London on vacation and stayed at the Russell hotel in Russell Square. We found the hotel to be a friendly, comfortable place to stay. We paid an additional 30 pounds a night and upgraded to a &quot;king&quot; sized bed with a small sitting room. This room was very quiet, clean and comfortable with plenty of storage area, a small fridge and a large tiled bathroom. The hotel staff was pleasant and the breakfast was very substantial (included in our room rate). Russell square is a great location. I would stay there again.	
Mar 15 2006	Home away from Home	I travel to London three to five times a year on holiday. I've stayed at several hotels through the years, but I find that the one hotel I enjoy repetitively is the Hotel Russell.I feel at home when I stay here. While there are many hotels in the area, I do not find the area or the Russell Square tube stop to be at all as crowded as some of the other reviewers state; but I guess it denpends on the days and time of year one visits. I find the Russell conveniently located to those parts of London I enjoy the most for theatre, food, and atmosphere. It is conveniently located near Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Picadilly Circus, etc.I have always received very nice accommodations from the Russell including the time they were going through their renovation one year ago. I have found the rooms to be clean and comfortable. I too would like to have a little more variety when watching telly, but I ususally watch only at night when I am going to sleep, so this is a relatively unimportant aspect. I needed to use the internet, and I was disappointed to learn the rates they charge (50p per minute) as it was a bit too pricey for me considering the fact that I normally need to have access for at least one hour every day, but £30,00 (approximately $60.00 per hour)is, I believe, excessive. I have ordered via Room Service at night (late snacks) and have always been served in less than a half hour. The room has a mini fridge for those who wish to bring something back from the Tesco Express, which has a goos variety of food, spirits, and snacks. While there is usually a long queue, it moves quickly.I do enjoy the English breakfast, which is included with my room, and there is good variety there although the scrabled eggs can use a little more of the chef's attention. This is the one place where I do find most of the staff to be indifferent (in the morning)toward the guests. The manager of the restaurant is always friendly and makes every effort to have the servers see to guests' needs. I have also had dinner here and everything was superb from the service to the food, but a bit pricey, even for London.The staff (Concierge, Reception, Room Attendants) is always polite, courteous, and attentive to guests' needs. the lobby is inviting, and the pub is also a comfortable place to meet with friends and chat for hours. I believe the prices a little high in the pub, even for London, but cozy nonetheless, and the servers are quick to to make certain your glass is never empty.I enjoy sitting in the square across the street. Also conveniently located across the street from the hotel is an HSBC bank, Royal Post, and not too far away, the British Museum.All in all, I like this hotel and feel very much at home here. I will stay here again as I enjoy the accommodations, food, atmosphere, and location.	
Mar 3 2006	Acceptable and not much more	I travel to London 4 or 5 times a year to visit my boyfriend who lives in Surrey and we always try to stay in the Soho/Covent Garden/Strand area, and preferably at the Thistle Charing Cross, a real 4 star hotel. As it wasn't available on this trip and we wanted to avoid the Strand Palace, we chose to stay a little further, at the Russell where we found a room, breakfast included, at 110 pounds.We arrived at the hotel late at night and found an extremely irate customer asking for apologies; not a good sign. The girl at the reception was pleasant, and not much else, and assured us that we could get room service, limited to sandwiches, at any time, and that breakfast was served from 7 a.m. to 11 a.m. We were assigned room 218 which much to my surprise, had a street view (pub and horse hospital). While the room was small, we're used to this in London and it was actually larger than similar accommodation at the Strand Palace or Radisson Pastoria and Mountbatten. As soon as we walked in, we turned on the rather old tv set and found it not operating. As we were tired and had no intention of leaving the hotel, we had planned on room service and some television, and so I attempted to call &quot;guest services&quot; (no answer), the operator (no answer) and finally, the reception (no answer). We played this little game for about 15 minutes when I finally decided to go downstairs and complain.Once at the reception, I was advised by the same girl that she would send the concierge immediately to repair the tv and that she would be able to take our room service order, which I placed (roast beef and chicken sandwiches, and a diet Coke). Unfortunately, they claimed to be full and therefore, no change of room possible. After waiting a good half hour and more unanswered calls to the desk, an extremely surly and severe man appeared at our door claiming to be the concierge. After much hassle with the tv cables, he was able to repair the problem and we were finally able to get the standard channels you might get on Freeview in the UK (all the BBCs, Channel 4, etc). I know it's London and there's plenty to do, but a hotel that advertises itself as 4 star should at least carry CNN. After another 1/2 hour, we received our room service without the diet Coke. The sandwiches were about the worst I've had in my life; gravelly dark meat chicken and dry roast beef. We would've been much better off buying something at the Tesco nearby. We asked the server to please bring the diet Coke which eventually arrived a good 1/2 hour later. During this time, we'd asked for a cable to connect to the internet and were not only charged a 10 pound deposit, but also charged a hefty fee for use of internet services.On the following morning, we arrived at the breakfast room at approximately 10:05 a.m. only to be told that they closed at 10:00 a.m., but would accommodate us if we ate fast. I advised that the check-in girl had told us 11, but apparently this applied only on weekends. (How can a hotel employee not know the times of operation of its services?) The rest of our stay was pretty uneventful.I should point out that we were not completely disappointed with the hotel. On the plus side, the hotel was clean and the bed was very comfortable. While we didn't need air conditioning, it's nice to find a hotel in London that has it as it can get stuffy there in the Summer. The breakfast, for this type of hotel, was above average. It was nothing spectacular, but the food was fresh and they offered a good deal of variety. With a few exceptions, the staff were generally indifferent, although some of the restaurant staff were somewhat nice.The location of the hotel is good. It's not Soho/Covent Garden/Strand, but it certainly beats staying in Kensington, Earl's Court, Marble Arch, etc. and although a bit long, you can certainly walk to Soho, etc. and always be entertained. There is a tube stop right next door, and on the Picadilly line, but this area of London has lots of budget hotels and B&amp;Bs and the smallish station gets extremely crowded with tourists, but nothing patience won't overcome. When I read there was a Tesco nearby, I envisioned the regular-sized Tesco in my boyfriend's town, but instead, found it was a Tesco Express, something like a 7-11 with a few more items. It is always extremely, extremely crowded, but given the dire situation of room service at night, if you arrive tired, you're better off braving the lines and buying a sandwich there.One curious item was the faucet; I've never seen one this small. My hands didn't fit inside the basin and it filled up with water (without a plug) in about 10 seconds. Very, very uncomfortable.The hotel is impressive from the outside and we thought the bar and breakfast room were classic English, but we found the staircase dizzying and (too much red marble) the lobby a bit tired.Bottom line----we weren't completely disappointed with the Russell, but as it advertises itself as a four star, we expected a little more. The accommodation itself is fine, but if they want to be 4 star, they need to change the attitude of the indifferent staff and be a little more attentive to the needs of their guests. I would stay again if I got a very good deal, but otherwise, I'm back to the Thistle Charing Cross.	
Mar 1 2006	Normal Double rooms not 4 star	Stayed over a weekend. The standard double we were given was definitely not 4 star. It was small with junk shop style furniture. The wallpaper had small parts torn off and the ceiling paper was nearly hanging off in places. The carpet was well worn and had buckled along its width which could be used by a small child as a trampoline. The paintwork was scuffed and the grouting in the bathroom had discoloured brown.The window was mouldy around the panes of glass and had no secondary glazing causing constant annoyance from the noise of the air con unit outside.The staff claimed no other rooms were available however, strangely enough, I could upgrade for an additional £60. This room was of a 4 star standard as was the Foyer which has recently received a multi million pound refurbishment. Shame they didn't think of doing the same to the rooms!Breakfast was in a nice setting although on the Saturday we did have to queue at least 30 minutes for the priviledge. The food was, overall, adequate, but if you believe scrambled eggs should appear light and fluffy then you are in total contrast to the views of the Chef who makes them like slop. You could always try the fried variety I suppose, but these were only available in blue!The staff were, on the whole, fine although not particularly friendly.	
Feb 28 2006 	Pretty Dumpy	First of all, this hotel like all others I have stayed at to date in London, does not give value for your money. When I arrived, before I was even assigned a room, I said: I dont want to waste your time or mine; please do not give me a room looking out on a wall. Guess what! That's exactly what had been planned! Apparently, most rooms of my calibre: standard double, did in fact looked on an inner courtyard (translation: WALL). I could of course upgrade for an additional 30 BP, but hey, why should I, since I was already paying over 200$ Cnd for basically an extremely ordinary, dumpy room even with a window looking out over the street (which yes, I did get, without too much trouble, and without paying an upgrade). For me, the Russell had a great location, since I had a meeting at 17 Russell Square, so this was a hop skip and a jump from the hotel. Other than that however, I don't know how these hotels have the nerve to offer such ordinary, dumpy rooms, badly decorated, small, with absolutely nothing special or nice about them. I will say the lobby was nice and so was the bar, very cosy and British, but hey, I don't sleep in the bar.I have yet to find a hotel in London that I feel gives me value for my money, and I am still searching.	
Feb 20 2006	GREAT HOTEL....	Visited London for the weekend and found this hotel on the web..looked great in the photos but then again don't they all!I found the staff to be very helpful and the breakfasts were fantastic, the room was clean and very comfortable...only gripe was that the evening meals are very overpriced!!Overall all very happy and would highyl recommend a friend!!	
Feb 8 2006	A real Jewel!	A London taxi driver tipped us off to this hotel and we loved it! It is a beautiful historic building with an impressive marbled entry, lovely patterned carpeting, stain glass stairwells, and even a little dragon atop the staircase! We were on a remodeled floor with a beautiful corner room and balcony. The bathroom was modern and well done. The hotel kindly kept our bags for us during a day trip to Paris and then kept them late on our last day in London. There was some initial confusion as to whether our room included the wonderful full English breakfast buffet, but the staff was very professional, seated us and told us not to worry about it. They waited on us hand and foot and made our daughter feel like a little princess! We will definately stay at this wonderful hotel again. It was only 2 minutes from the Russell Square Tube station, and an easy commute around London, and very close to some great little cafes and the British Museum.	
Jan 25 2006	Very impressed	My wife and I stayed with friends and we all thought this hotel was a real find. Literally round the corner from Russell Square tube station (on piccadilly line) and very impressive facade and extrance/ reception. Found the staff friendly and good humour, though we had a laugh with the head chef at breakfast time giving off to his underlings. Speaking of which the breakfast was well above average. The rooms themselves were very nicely furnished though space was a little on the small side which is typical of London hotels. Having said that, for the price we paid (found a good price off a website) value for money was excellent. I'd say I will stay here when in London in future.	
Jan 22 2006	Russell is Memorable!	A stay at the Russell is memorable! We were particularly pleased with the courtesy of the staff, especially those at the front desk who were very gracious about a booking error by our booking agent and offered us our choice of other rooms. The hotel interior is beautiful and the location in Bloombury, right around the corner from the tube station, couldn't be better. It's also within walking distance of the British Museum. The rate including breakfast is a good deal for what you get, as breakfast separately can be expensive. The renovated rooms are well appointed with comfortable beds and linens, towel warmer, etc., and ours had a great view of Russell Square. The history of this fine old hotel is also interesting. Virginia Woolf and friends used to hang out here, though the hotel pub named for her was closed when we were there. We plan to stay at the Russell whenever we are in London!	
Jan 22 2006	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Russell for 1 night for a shopping trip in London. We got a deal through superbreaks and paid just under £100 incl breakfast. The hotel is in an excellent location, about 20 minutes walk to Covent Garden, buses right outside the hotel and tube just around the corner. The staff were excellent. Our room was modern and large for London standards and was very clean. The buffet breakfast was lovely although the food in general was quite overpriced. We were on the second floor and found the traffic noise would keep light sleepers awake. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 8 2006	The Russell was OK	I stayed at the Russell for two nights. The first night was on New Year's Eve. I had no idea that the hotel had rented out the whole building to a party, even though some of the guests had nothing to do with it. Partygoers were allowed to run riot as hotel staff were at a minimum. This surprised me as from the reviews of the Russell, it seemed like a classy hotel. Did it need the business that badly that it would allow the partygoers to take over the hotel without any consideration for other guests? To be woken up at 5 in the morning due to the fire alarm going off and evacuated into the cold outside was not what I expect from a classy hotel. Nevertheless, when I checked in the early evening, the staff tried to make up for the inconvenience I might experience by upgrading me to a contemporary room. The room was very nice and the generally helpful and friendly attitude of the staff during my stay did make up somewhat for the first night.	
Jan 3 2006	LOVED THE RUSSELL!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Russell Hotel from 12/22-12/29. We had a standard double room on the first floor. We had NO problems with this hotel. The concierge was excellent, we had a comfy down comforter, and even a towel warmer in the bathroom! We had an excellent time, and we felt very &quot;at home&quot; in the Hotel Russell!	
Jan 2 2006	Expensive Food	Spent a week at the Russell, had stayed here in 1973. The facade is the same as it was in the 40s but rooms updated, but they don't match the exterior. Need more drawer space, very limited. Continental breakfast in the dreary bar for 19.50 GBP is way out of line considering we served ourselves. Concierge was wonderful as were all the employees. Would stay here again, but food costs need to be addressed.	
Dec 30 2005	Good Value	Had a standard twin room for 2 nights in December and was impressed. I've stayed in many London 4 star hotels over the last few years and have to say that this was good value. The location is great with the tube station round the corner and buses stopping at the front of the hotel. The room we had was spacious by London standards, clean with nice decor and very quiet (facing the back of the hotel). Bathroom was also roomy, stylish and spotlessly clean with nice toiletries. The reception staff were very helpful and friendly and went out of their way to help us with a couple of issues. There were only some minor niggles. We stayed there during really cold weather and the room windows were not double glazed despite an apparently expensive renovation programme. One of the staff told me that the suites and a few top rooms have had windows replaced with double glazing but most rooms still have the old windows. This is maybe a more important consideration in the middle of winter and where street noise intrudes. The air conditioning/heating seems to work well however and the staff even offered to put a portable heater in the room, though it wasn't necessary. The other issue is that prices for snacks and tea seem exorbitant even for London. £10+ for a sandwich is really pushing it. But these were only very small problems in an otherwise excellent hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 27 2005 	My hotel of choice	I stay in London every month for a period of two to three days every 2 weeks and I always stay in the Russell. From outside it looks very impressive but for me it is a very warm place to stay, far from the run-down buildings typical of some big chains in London. The architecture inside is as wonderful as the one outside and the continental breakfast is great. But the room service is, well, very Britsh and a bit expensive. Besides, there are nice restaurants nearby. I always take a small room for one and never had any issue: they are clean, confortable and with the appropriate space for a short stay. The only caveat for me is the air conditioning/heating that are a bit noisy and tends to be located on top of the bed. The hotel is also well located, not far from Oxford Street and the Soho, a step from a tube station and two steps from the Britsh Museum. Having a cup of tea at the Russell Square, right in front of the hotel, is a very pleasent activity during the summer. I never tried the more luxurious rooms but they seem very nice...	
Dec 11 2005	Great London choice	Took 2 rooms here for my family. It was an excellent choice. Three best things: location, location, location. Access to the tube, busses and taxis (i.e., all of London) could not be better. The recent renovations result in a classic English hotel with modern conveniences. Wonderful buffet breakfast. Interestingly, we rented 2 double rooms and they varied considerably in size - altho even the smaller one was a decent size for a European hotel. But the bathroom in the larger one was almost twice the size as in the smaller - and both rooms were the same price. So you may want to ask for another room if the one assigned seems small. Everything worked fine and was clean and fresh.Only complaint was the concierge, who was a complete waste. Had almost no knowledge of the area (couldn't recommend a local Thai restaurant when there was a good one 2 blocks away); he was much more interested in sending you to restaurants with a referral card. Can you say &quot;kickback&quot;?? He gave us directions one day and actually sent us the wrong way. They need to replace him. The doorman, though, is quite nice and knowledgeable. Ask him any questions instead. Cheers!	
Dec 9 2005	Will Return!	I note that the reviews of the Russell have improved along with the pace of the renovations!It was pleasant to stay in an English hotel and not an international depersonalised chain. Our fifth floor room was small but comfortable and had everything we needed for a stay of six nights. The linen and towels were clean and the beds comfortable. The plumbing was a bit sluggish which is not surprising in an old building. (I wonder how the baths drain in Buck Palace)Our excellent European buffet breakfast was included in our package and we ate enough (healthy food!) to keep us going all day! The restaurant staff was mostly Eastern European and were very pleasant, but my favourite was a middle-aged woman from Donegal who is a native Gaelic speaker. We did not have occasion to use the bar or restaurant, but I am told they are good ( and London is expensive!) Tesco is just around the corner and we picked up snacks there if we were hungry or needed bottled water.Another reason that we would return to the Russell is that it is so convenient to everything! If you want to skimp on phone calls and e-mail, there are kiosks across the road. There is the tube, bus stops, Tesco, the PO , banks, good souvenir shops, London University and just about anything a traveller would need minutes away.The old Victorian stairs are great exercise though the lifts are efficient!I am sure if your room were not satisfactory, you could get a room change. The staff were very friendly. But then we wanted an English hotel not a Marriott or a Hilton replete with gangs of trans- Atlantic tourist families.	
Nov 6 2005	Great for the price	We stayed here 3 times and will stay here again the next time in London. We did get great deals all 3 times, and perhaps that contibutes to our positive review. Our stay in the Queen Victoria Suite for 90 pounds per night was the best. 4 poster bed, balcony, windowed breakfast nook sitting area, and superb service. We were quite happy. The other 2 times were in renovated rooms for under $100 per night. Very happy with those rooms as well. Right above the Russell square Tube, and one train from Heathrow was convenient. Beautiful marble lobby is a nice introduction.	
Sep 25 2005 	Bad attitude	I booked a non-smoking double at the Russell, Thursday 22nd Sept. On checking in at 20:45, I found that the room allocated was a tiny single. On returning to reception, the friendly and pleasant receptionist, with whom I had dealt with on 2 previous visits checked my confirmation e-mail and a surly male receptionist &quot;took over&quot;. He took 10 minutes to check the computer system, and then informed me there were no non-smoking double rooms left. (so why did they allow me to book one in the first place?) I then said I did not mind a smoking room, and asked politely for a complimentary upgrade as it was their mistake, it was nearly 9pm and I had been kept waiting around for some time. He condescendingly said a complimentary upgrade was out of the question, if I wanted to upgrade it would cost me £70. His manner and attitude were both appalling. I can only assume that as the booking had been made through an agency at a cheap rate, I deserved substandard service. I accepted the smoking double on the third floor. On arrival I can now see that he had allocated this one out of spite. The room was very small, the gap between the table and the bed was about 12 inches. But the bathroom was so tiny! The basin was about 10 inches by 4 inches, and the bath was about half the size of a normal bath, totally inadequate. I have stayed here on 2 occasions previously, after a slight hiccough on the first stay I was given a complimentary upgrade for the second stay, which was absolutely first class, maybe my expectations for this stay were too high. I have always found the staff to be pleasant and helpful in the past, and a credit to the Russell, but this surly, unpleasant and condescending man is certainly the exception to the rule. I think in future I will ask my company to remove the Russell from their list of accommodation.	
Sep 15 2005	A perfectly ok hotel	I just got back from Europe. I think Russell Hotel is a fine place to stay. Our first assigned room had a broken air condition. They switched us immediately upon reporting the problem. Both rooms were nice and clean. The breakfast that was included in the room rate were the best I encountered in all the 3-star hotels we stayed during the entire trip. The concierge was very helpful and made calls for me whenever needed. Very good location - convenient and quiet location.	
Sep 14 2005	not so bad when you get a deal	HiDespite modernisation not really in keeping with age of building-decor in rooms and bathrooms trendy and smart. Try and get a room in the front with a balcony. I paid £52 on Superbreak for a single room with breakfast! Can't complain as beautiful grand Victorian Building with majestic dining room and bar. If you get a deal go for it-you won't find any better in this area.	
Sep 2 2005 	Do not stay here! You have been warned...	This is quite honestly the worst hotel that I've ever stayed in. And I stay in a lot of hotels for work, so that's really saying something. This is proof, if it were needed, that a star rating really isn't much to go by.I had the pleasure of a week's incarceration at this hotel, since all my favourite places were booked. From the outside, this huge Victorian building looks wonderful, with a great location in Bloomsbury. You step inside to a magnificent marble entrance and then you look for reception and see the worst type of &quot;modernisation&quot; has hit the poor hotel hard, with suspended ceilings and hideous furniture totally not in keeping with the hotel's background and former majesty.My room was located on the sixth floor and was, I can only assume, an old servant's bedroom. It was tiny. And it was a smoking room, even though I had specifically requested a non-smoking room. I phoned reception and asked to be moved. They refused. Then I threatened to leave and miraculously a room became free.So, I moved to the second floor. A much larger room but it did seem dark. It turned out that the &quot;windows&quot; were fake as it was an inward-facing room and had no natural light. It was also right by a generator and really noisy. I couldn't be bothered to complain again.Next day, I went down to breakfast really early. Breakfast is ok but just the usual London stuff. Lots of waiters doing nothing and avoiding eye contact, so you have to grab one if you want so much as a cup of tea. As I left, I saw the most phenomenal queue - if you do want the breakfast then go early!I put a few things in the laundry and contacted reception to have it collected and left my room at 8am. When I returned in the evening, there was no sign of my laundry. I phoned reception: they didn't know where it was. Then they suggested that I hadn't got it in by 9am and therefore it wouldn't be back until the next day. I protested that I'd phoned them before 8am and they'd had plenty of time to collect it. They kept saying they'd phone me back but they didn't and I had to keep chasing them. Finally, after about two hours and five phone calls, the manager phoned me to say that he'd found my laundry dumped in the basement somewhere and unwashed! Finally, when I checked out, I asked the concierge to get me a taxi. He refused: &quot;You can go and get one on the street&quot;, he said. Call yourselves a four star hotel? I appreciate that things can go wrong in any hotel but it's how they're dealt with that matters. The service I received was appalling and not so much as an apology. I have since spoken to several people I work with who have had similar experiences and our firm has stopped using them. Don't say I didn't warn you!	
Jul 22 2005	it'll do	I was a little worried about staying here after the previous review on this site!But all in all there wasn't much to complain about-distinctly average.The marble staircase was impressive but the lack of air conditioning in the reception, bar and restaurant made it uncomfortable in the hot weather.Having just been refurbished the carpets, wallpaper etc in the coridoors was very good but unfortunately this didn't extend into the standard bedrooms. The room furnishings were outdated and the bed uncomfy. The bathroom was clean and the shower of a good standard and most importantly on such a hot weekend the air conditioning worked.I felt the guest service was a little poor. The concierge gave me incorrect information about the London Eye and on trying to ring reception from the room I ended up ranging up on two occasions	
Jun 25 2005	sub-standard standard rooms	Having great memories of Russell Hotel I decided to stay there again.Rooms have been refurbished and now have individual AC, a must when London has a June heatwave. Not knowing differences between standard,ambassador, executive. I booked standard online.The standard rooms vary widely. They can be truly awful to acceptable.The individual AC's may or may not work. My husband spent 15 minutes cleaning out the air intake filter so the poor AC machine could work better and not sound like a jet aircraft on take off. Our standard double was the size of a single, the mattress was old and lumpy, the bed smashed against the wall. We looked out onto metal repair scaffolding and repairmen. My husband called it the prison cell. After two days we were able to upgrade to Ambassador class with a comfy King Bed overlooking the park. Major improvement, well worth the additional expense. We celebrated by ordering the $40pp in room breakfast which was okay and prompt. Other mornings we ate in the cheaper cafe in the park now that park is so clean and tidy. My advice is to book early and don't book standard. Also if your room has a problem, be firm, ignore them when they say they have no other room available and ask to see guest services. Our upgrade room was on a smoking floor but had not been smoked in so it was fine.	
Jun 21 2005	Enjoyable stay	I had a really lovely time at the Russell Hotel. The refurbishment is almost complete, the room was spacious, the bed very comfortable and the service at reception was excellent.On the minus-side breakfast was pretty dismal (and over priced) with the cooked food kept in a buffet-style container which was lukewarm and the supper menu also very expensive. However there is a little cafe in the park in the square which did a lovely breakfast and the situation was fantastically close to a variety of restaurants off Tottenham Court Rd.There were flaws but I really enjoyed my stay and if you search on the internet you will pick up some good deals like I did.	
May 25 2005	nicely refurbished but pricey!	I stayed at this hotel 5 years ago and it was quite faded and shabby, but I have stayed for two short breaks over the past month and there has been a considerable refurbishment. It is a beautiful looking hotel with a great marble staircase. I have stayed in a standard and executive room, both of which were very pleasant with good facilities, excellent sized bathrooms, and comfortable beds. My only criticisms are that the door locking systems (card keys) are old and I have had trouble getting in my room, the water temperature was a problem (too cool) and it is expensive!. However, it is easy walking distance to the British Museum, Oxford Street, Covent Garden, and Tottenham Court Road. Russell Square tube is just around the corner so it is easy to get around. There are quite a few good pubs locally, try the Firkin pub on Coram Street which has good beer at reasonable prices.	
May 17 2005	Just Overnight	For just a one night stay in London you need everything to be in easy reach and the Hotel Russell is in the perfect location. Just one stop on the Piccadilly Line from Kings Cross Station and two stops to Convent Garden. Central line easy to access for Oxford Circus. The staff in the hotel were efficient and friendly with a well organised team. Luggage can be left in a locked room prior to check in and also after you have checked out and waiting to travel home at no extra cost. Staying in a twin room there was ample space, beds comfortable, although bathroom a little on the small side. The view from the window was a shame as scaffolding erected all over the back of the hotel but these renovations cannot be helped. The hotel bar is priced very high luckily we only went in after arriving back from a show (four drinks £26) and if you are having a mixer drink stipulate single or double! Breakfast was excellent full chioce in buffett style continental and full english served in the large airey restaurant. I would recommend the hotel for a short stay only as quite pricey but great on location.	
Apr 13 2005	Comfortable convenient friendly staff	I recently stayed at the Hotel Russell with three girlfriends. We were very comfortable in our newly renovated rooms, with balcony views of Russell Square, fluffy duvets, immaculate bathrooms with rainhead showers and lots of space. Pleasant staff and lovely public areas. We did not eat breakfast because it wasn't included in our reasonable rate. There are plenty of places to eat nearby. I would definitely stay again.	
Apr 5 2005	Trying Hard but not There Yet	Like other reviewers, I had wanted to stay in the Russell Hotel previously. I was awed by the exterior, but at the time, my budget didn't permit. With the weakening of the dollar and a gradual climb in what I'm willing to pay for a hotel, the Russell Hotel became comparable to other London options, so we took the plunge. We paid $153/night for a deluxe contemporary room through United Vacations, and given the mixed reviews for the hotel, I was a bit apprehensive. Overall, we did not have a bad stay. We think the room was a good value for this price, but the hotel still has some flaws. It is hard to say at this point whether we would return to the Russell for our next visit or chance another hotel in the Bloomsbury/Holborn area.The public spaces of the hotel are indeed very nice. The amazing marble lobby with blindingly bright crystal chandeliers and wide staircase is very impressive. The conference rooms and restaurant have been restored and are elegant with elaborate plasterwork, mirrors, and marble. The wood-paneled bar is exactly what you expect in a Victorian hotel, with comfortable well-worn leather chairs. In contrast, reception is starkly modern with pale blue walls, and the elevators have art deco mirrors. Food and drink are quite expensive, but as mentioned by others, dining and drinking options nearby are numerous.Reception was eager and pleasant. We got a complimentary upgrade from a queen-sized bed to a king-sized bed on the 7th floor. When we stepped out of the elevator, we were bathed in modern squares of pale blue lighting for the pale blue halls. Our room was one of the newly-remodeled contemporary ones, and its size was impressive. In addition to the enormous bed, there was a good three feet of space on all sides of the bed in addition to the TV stand and two arm chairs at the foot. There was a glass and wood partition at the head of the bed, and this partitioned off a work area that provided a desk, telephone, internet connection, and storage shelf. Other amenities included an iron and ironing board behind a full-length mirrored panel, a smallish but adequate armoire, a refrigerator with complimentary bottles of still and sparkling water, tea-making stuff, and an in-room safe. This was by far the largest room we had ever had in London. Everything was blond wood, pale blue/white paint, and glass. The bathroom was also very modern with a large glassed-in shower, heated chrome towel rack, a freestanding basin on a granite-topped table with shelf, and a generous shelf across the entire length of the bathroom for putting your stuff. The bed was very comfortable and there were high-quality sheets, towels, and toiletries. The room was clean, and housekeeping did a good job of tidying and replenishing each day. We truly enjoyed relaxing in the room each afternoon over a cup of tea and a comfortable place to sleep each night.Sadly, the remodeling work done has not been of the highest quality. Towel hooks in the bathroom had already pulled free from the wall. The carpeting in the doorway was already stained. The floor beneath the carpeting was very uneven and creaked. Electrical plates were fastened askew. The preliminary work for a flat-panel plasma television on the wall facing the bed left an exposed electrical junction box. We noticed these things over time, and while they really didn’t affect the comfort of the room, we felt regret that the hotel’s efforts were being undermined by shoddy worksmanship.Given all the comforts of the room, and in spite of some inferior worksmanship, you are probably wondering what has made us undecided about returning. It boils down to plumbing. In a room, I really only want three things: a comfortable and clean bed, enough room to put out my things, and good plumbing. Without these three, all the space and high-threadcount sheets don’t mean much. Essentially, the sink and shower had problems with cold water. Hot water came out in abundance and with good pressure. This was fine for using the sink, but this was a major problem for the shower. One got a good jet of water going, but the lack of cold water meant the water was scaldingly hot. Lowering the jet of water such that the cold and hot balanced properly resulted in an enthusiastic sprinkle. We were able to shower and wash our hair, but it was frustrating to achieve the right setting for the shower morning after morning. I called down about the problem, and workers came through three times to work on the plumbing. Sadly, I suspect the problems go beyond anything a worker can do in a single room to the overall plumbing of the hotel. In the overall scheme of the universe, it seems quite petty to complain about a merely tolerable shower each morning, but when it comes to hotel reviews, it’s not so minor.So there you have it. The hotel is obviously trying very hard and has done some things very well. The public spaces are great. Our room layout, the space, and the amenities were great. However, the plumbing problem is a major one (and mentioned by other reviewers), and given some of the poor worksmanship in the remodel, I suspect the rooms will not hold up well over time. Given the beauty of the hotel, I want it to do well, so I hope that should I return, these problems will be addressed.	
Mar 27 2005	Mixed experiences	I've stayed in this hotel on 3 occasions and had very mixed experiences. Essentially it all comes down to the refurbishments (big time refurbishments). If you get one of the newly decorated rooms you'll be quite happy. If you get one of the older ones - you'll be very disappointed.	
Mar 23 2005	Money well spent ??	The hotel is just towards the end of a large refurbishment - the literature in the hotel says that they have done 180 of the rooms, so it would make sense to ask for/book one of those.We had one last weekend and it will be nice, when finished ! It didnt appear to have been &quot;run in&quot; or tested so we had plumbing problems with the loo, the basin and also the shower (no bath in the bathroom we had - altho they didnt tell us that when reserving) and it didnt seem as tho they had finished painting it - very patchy and not touched up. It wasnt a large room, but I've had smaller in London and we could access both sides of the bed - however, it was a &quot;regular&quot; double - there would have been no room for a queen or king size bed.Super location - 30 seconds to the tube station and just 10 min walk from Covent Garden so eating out wouldnt be a problem. The hotel sits proudly overlooking Russell Square and that is a delight to have a quick wander around to get some fresh air or a brisk walk.Breakfast was &quot;ok&quot; but I've had several better cold spreads both in London and outside, and was an extortionate cost if not included in your rate(£17/18 per person).The public areas are the big attraction of the hotel -a super lobby with graceful staircase and sparkling chandeliers. There is a restaurant and clubby bar too that could offer every bit as much charm, yet somehow dont quite seem to. Meanwhile, there are some very odd, modern bits (Reception and the lifts were notable examples ) that didnt really fit in with the traditional style of the building. It's an old building with a grand history and it's had some money spent on it. But I concluded really that the money only just brings it up to scratch, rather than exceeding any expectations. If you've never stayed in a grand traditional London hotel before and you get a decent room here you'll probably walk away satisfied, but I reckon you (and London) could do better.	
Mar 21 2005	Take your own snacks!	We have wanted to stay at the Hotel Russell for many years, being attracted by it's magnificent Victorian exterior. The inside did not disappoint: a magnificent lobby with well-restored mosaic and splendid staircases, a &quot;gentleman's club&quot;-style bar with comfy leather chairs, a clean and comfortable room. However, the bar needed comfy chairs to cushion the shock of their prices! These were ripoff even for central London: a small beer was £4 and a glass of ordinary Italian wine £5 ( I can buy the same brand for £3 a bottle). We were hungry, but the bar menu prices were astronomical. The last time I paid this much for alcohol was in Iceland! Having booked online, we were surprised to find that breakfast was not included in our room tarriff: this was nowhere made clear on our confirmation.I would advise anyone who wants to stay at the Hotel Russell to take their own snacks! Better still, 100 yards down the road is an excellent and authentic Italian Restaurant, Il Fornell, with friendly staff and reasonable prices.	
Feb 19 2005	I feel like I stayed at a different hotel than everyone else here!	I was at the Russell for 2 nights in February 2005 and I think they have been taking everyone's comments here to heart. It has recently been purchased by a new company who are doing a huge restoration project at the moment. Personally, I would have preferred to have known that the hallway outside my room was something of a construction zone during the day BEFORE I booked, but the good news is that the room itself was beautiful. New furniture, sumptuously decorated, spacious and a huge and beautiful bathroom with an extremely deep clawfoot tub. We were lucky enough to get a room with a view of Russell Square, and though some might complain of the traffic noise, if you live in a large city anywhere else in the world you have to admit there's really no helping hearing sirens downtown!The staff seem to have cleaned up their act, too. Reception staff were friendly and knowledgeable and when we phoned down for a sewing kit and bottle opener a very nice and professional person was at our door within five minutes. I also take exception to the person who claimed that there were no good restaurants in the vicinity. My boyfriend and I celebrated our anniversary at a very fancy Indian restaurant 2 blocks from the hotel and had a wonderful time. The food was fantastic. And come on, it's London! You're never more than 2 underground stops away from some of the best food in the world. Take my word for it -- the Russell Hotel is getting better.	
Feb 9 2005	Don't get an economy room	You'd be better off staying in a hostel at the local university than getting an economy room. The decor was depressing, carpet stained, ceiling had major water marks, bed damp and old, bathroom covered in mildew, the hallways were seeped in stank, and no air conditioning. The rooms probably haven't been renovated since the 50's.  I was trying to be prudent about cost savings by booking here (cheap room for a 4 star!) but the cheaper rooms here equate to more of a 1 star/cheap motel. Go get a nice 2-3 star room somewhere else.  Location-wise, as everybody has pointed out, the Russell is fantastic. Close to tubes, British Museum, Russell Square, and the University. 	
Feb 8 2005	Quite nice	After reading some of these reviews, I have to admitt that I was a bit apprehensive about staying at the Russell. I can now assure you that it is a lovely hotel. The architecture in the lobby is quite impressive, the rooms are all renovated, modern and clean and the bar is quite cozy. I am a US businesswoman who is traveling alone and am quite at ease at the Russell. The rooms are a bit small, but I have no problem with that. On the other hand, the bathrooms are quite large.	
Jan 24 2005	It was disgusting	Having paid 120 pounds sterling for a room in a four star hotel we were very disappointed. The room was small, the furniture dirty, the linen was dirty and there was a huge damp patch on the ceiling.Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 14 2004	Area is no problem! Just a quick bus ride to trafalgar sq. Loved the Brit Mus	In March 2004, we stayed in the same area at a wonderful little B&amp;B (50bp). I have no desire to share the name. Anyway, most of the great tourist spots are but a short bus ride away. And, the grocery stores nearby supplied everything we needed for picnics that saved us big money &amp; avoided the fat foods at restaurants. I even purchased soy milk for cereal at the attractive breakfasts, just as I do at home.While we did lots more than visit the British Museum, I must say that we really enjoyed it. I returned to the Rosetta Stone several times and with the help of cram sheet was able finally to translate some of it.We enjoyed being across the street from the U of London campus as well. Two weeks in London and a three day trip out to the boonies cost about 2k US Dollars.	
Dec 14 2004	architectural white elephant	Having stayed at Hotel Russell twice, it further strengthened my belief that London hotel owners, in general, have a total disregard for guests; we're like a never-ending flow of pigeons, no reason for aspiring to excellence. My first room was so shabby and dreary at Russell that I expected to hear WWII air raid sirens. The second, so ultra-modern, but ridiculously small, that it was the only reason for the flat-screen plasma T.V.; lack of space for a postcard. Room service was simply an unreasonable request. They were resentful and hostile of any request. Honestly, of all my London stays, the only sane and accommodating stay was at Royal Court Apartments, Paddington. Everyone else was either harried, frazzled, worn-about-the-edges or indifferent.	
Dec 12 2004	Dreary	We had a standard room on the 6th floor booked for 7 nights in conjunction with a British Airways flight from Boston in November. Wish we had stayed somewhere more pleasant. Just a very dreary, tired hotel with nothing special - even the full breakfasts were never varied. Staff has little training in making guests feel welcome. Worst part was no good restaurants nearby. Also quite a walk from theaters. If you are going to spend all your time in British Museum, may be O K but otherwise, find an accomodation nearer the livlier parts of London.	
Nov 29 2004	Very Tired	Poor old thing is my feeling about the Russell. The halls were very dreary with peeling paint and battered firedoors. Our room was both small and tired even though we were paying quite a high price for the room. The restaurant and bar were both closed for renovation during our three night stay in early November 2004. The room where we had breakfast, some of the staff and the quality of the food at breakfast were excellent. Additional note is that one of the lifts at the Russell Square Underground station will be closed for many months. There is a nasty crowded wait for a lift.	
Nov 19 2004	Very basic room for such a grand looking place	I stayed at the Russell in October 2004. It is a grand looking hotel in a great central location. If you like jogging, Russell Square is a nice place to run around. The service was polite and the people friendly. Alas, the rooms were quite basic. The bathrooms are basic (albeit very clean) and the decor has seen better days - I noticed damp spots and peeling wallpaper in mine. I was very pleased to check out!	
Nov 19 2004	old quaint...and a dump!!!!!	the short of it...the public areas a very nice. The rooms, however, stink. The bed in our room was clearly older than we were. You literally sank 8 to 12 inches into the worn springs and mattress. The rooms are small and dank. If you'll looking for a place to stay where you can relax and deal with jet lag, plan your touring, etc this is not it. If all you need is a flop house and the price is right then perhaps the russell is o.k.The location is prime...very close to the BM, UCL, etc.But I would not stay here again. There is a reason why Le Meridian dumped this place!	
Oct 14 2004	Good location will be v nice when renovation complete	Stayed for two nights October 2004 in a standard room on 6th floor. It did have air conditionning. The room was small but very comfortable, the bathroon cramped. Much of the hotel was closed off for renovation at the time, including public rooms.The staff were friendly and helpful, the dining room was great. Excellent location but no traditional draught beer in the bar.	
Oct 12 2004	Magnificent Victorian 4-star	Stayed at the Russell a few nights ago, and I am overall pleased. I loved the Victorian buildning with the impressive facade and the beautiful, old world interiour. The Fitzroy Doll's restaurant on the entrance floor had just been reopened and I had a very nice dinner there. My single room was quite small, but clean and proper and didn't lack anything that a four-star should offer. The staff was nice and helpful, and I believe that the hotel's future looks brighter now that it's not owned by the international chain anymore. The new owners seems to care more about restoring the original splendour than flirting with the hip 25-year-old dot-com executives (like installing PlayStation and plasma TVs in the rooms). The location is excellent for those who wants to visit British Museum, and also Covent Garden and Oxford Street. The tube station is just around the corner. The official rating is four stars, but I paid a lot less by comparing prices on the internet - probably I only paid for three stars! I will probably stay at the Russell on my next visit to London.	
Oct 12 2004	Great if you select the right room	We stay 6 night from Spetember 24 2004.WE have ordered via British Airways web site(Refurbished doule rom ,including Full english breakfeast).The first night we got a room viewing the backyard.Very very noisy.All hotel engines work all night so it was very dificult to sleep.The second day ,upon my request we have been moved to another giving to the Front.The room was bigger ,clean and very confortable.The Bathroom is completely renovated.WE have a very very plaisant stay.The breakfeast is all what you need.The stuff (specially the guys at the reception) are very helpfull.I had some problems with orders I made via internet (theatres,sightseeing).They open for me the business centre and gave me access to the internet,make some phone call to try to solve my problem even it they don't have to do.The Underground station is just under the cornerI recommend and I will be back	
Sep 15 2004	Awful!!!	Horrible experience - thank god I managed to escape to another hotel 3 hours after arrival on Sept 6 '04. The Russell is being re-furbished, so no AC, very hot and uncomfortable, tiny rooms, broken light fixtures, telephone that could not get an overseas line, strange set ups. My &quot;upgrade&quot; was to a &quot;double&quot; room on the 8th floor: take the elevator up to 7th floor, then walk around a narrow hallway, and climb 2 narrow stairways to the 8th floor to the room (bags and all!). The room had NO WINDOWS, only 2 iterally small holes close to the dome like ceiling. If felt like a cave! The nice porter recommended another hotel (and called on my behalf) so although it was already close to midnight after a long day traveling from NY, I took a cab across town and checked into an incredible (although much more expensive) hotel, where I loved every detail and every minute of my stay.	
Aug 23 2004	No value for money	Our experience was nothing short of terrible.Although we were apparently upgraded from an economy to a normal room, the situation was unberable.The room was very hot, and only had a view of the ugly back yard, where some builder were working, so there was also a high noiselevel in the room.No AC (off cource) so we simply had to keep the windows open to the noise. The refurbishings had not been mentioned when we booked the room.The most annoying thing however, was the lack of warm water in the bathroom, and the drains were only fixed on our second day because I complained.The staff told us that they would try to give us another room, but it never happened.So now I have the task of trying to get my money back from this, I my opinion, very lousy hotel.A nice looking entrance and hall, just isn´t good enough, and because I have tried quite a few hotels in London, even some of the basic discount hotels, I can say that Russel Hotel is the worst value for money.	
Aug 14 2004	Make sure what type of room you are getting...	I stayed here for 6 nights in October 2002. We had an economy (i.e. unrenovated) room for less than $100 per night through Expedia. I knew what we were getting, and it wasn't actually as bad as I feared. The public areas (lobby and grand staircase) are gorgeous. The room itself was good sized for London. It came with decent (but older) furnishings, a bigger TV and a nicer tea set than I expected. True, the paint and wallpaper were peeling in some places, the carpet wellworn, the bathroom tile chipped, and closet door a bit shaky. Russell Square itself is lovely, and the location is ideal. It was a good, fair deal for the price. The renovated rooms are undoubtedly much nicer, but they cost at least twice as much. If you want a safe, comfortable place to sleep while you see London, this place fits the bill.	
Aug 13 2004	Great location great staff	This hotel is elegant and the staff were all polite, helpful, and refined. The furnishings in the public space are unique and lovely enough that I photographed them. The exterior is quite grand. The location right next to the British Museum, in walking distance to several nice neighborhoods including the theatre district and next to the metro and pretty near the train stations makes it ideal.I took a single room, and it was functional and well-supplied, but tiny. The same goes for the bathroom -- tiny, all the fixtures looked new and the shower worked well and didn't flood the floor, as is common in European bathrooms. The bed was like a dorm cot but I slept well, and I the windows faced Russell square and they opened. Although on a busy street, it was quiet enough at night to sleep with them open.I paid about $200 including taxes for a tiny room, but in London at high season and with a great location, this was a good deal (the dollar was also very weak when I went).	
Aug 9 2004	This faded beauty still gives pleasure!	We saw the Russell Hotel online and were immediately captivated by its architectural detailing. Upon arrivalwe noticed the rug in the front hall was a bit worn and felt some trepidation about our decision. However, the staff was charming and helpful. Our room was a delightful surprise.It was large, nicely decorated, and clean, with tall windows facing beautiful Russell Square. It felt like home immediately. Even though our room faced onto the street the park helped to keep the noise to a minimum. We slept well even with our windows open. The bathroom appeared newly remodeled. All white tile and modern with a heated towel rack. The first day we backed into it after showering much to our surprise. The only problem we encountered was that the air conditioning didn't seem to work in our room. But the weather was cool so it wasn't really needed. The Hotel is located in the Bloomsbury area of London and is nicely out of the fray. Always a pleasure to return to every night.	
Aug 4 2004	Not so happy anniversary	Have just found this website and felt I needed to write about my stay at the hotel back in March 2000. We had booked a week in London to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary.The 1st room was very dull and the window looked directly onto a brick wall which was so near that we could touch it. There were holes in the bed linen. We complained and were moved to another room which had a better view but the standard of the room still left much to be desired. The mould in the bathroom, the hole in the carpet and on the bedclothes again. The windows in both rooms were also very dirty. This really overshadowed what should have been a happy time for us. Pictures of the bedrooms that we saw prior to booking were of luxury rooms but it was not pointed out to us that these came at an extra cost.In it's defence the breakfast on offer was second to none and the variety of fresh fruit, nuts, baked breads and pastries, yogurt, fruit juices, cereals and of course the full english fry up was amazing.Also to be fair we did complain when we returned home and the manager made an offer for us to come back and stay in one of the luxury rooms for 2 nights at a minimal cost. We accepted this offer and all was perfect.It just goes to show that looking at some of the comments about the older, budget rooms they are still there (even though there was much publicity about the hotel being renovated at a vast cost), still in a very poor condition and still not been highlighted as the room you are likely to get 4 years on from when we had this problem.If you are considering booking this hotel I strongly suggest you check exactly what type of room you are getting, a modern upgraded one or one of the older ones that leaves a lot to be desired.	
Aug 3 2004	Great experience in classic hotel	We stayed at the Russell Hotel in mid-July and had a wonderful time. The room (6th floor, not the cheapest room) was a good size and very clean and the bathroom was very modern and pleasant. The hotel has a very nice bar off the lobby which is a good stop after a long day of sightseeing. Very courteous staff and beautiful seating area. The restaurant had very good food and helpful staff. The hotel is in a great location. The British Museum is a few blocks away, and the theater district is within walking distance as well. It is convenient to the Underground - which we used to go everywhere, including to and from the airport. It only took 45 minutes to Heathrow and was the cheapest method of getting there. Russell Square park is across the street and the cafe is a good way to start the day, planning your tourist destinations. The overall hotel staff was friendly and knowledgable. We would definitely stay there again if we are lucky enough to return to London. Great city, great hotel.	
Jul 24 2004	Stark difference between economy rooms and other rooms	The Hotel Russell's economy rooms are shabby and old. The room I stayed in had holes in the carpet and shower curtain that hadn't been cleaned in I-don't-want-to-know-how-long-ago. The shower did not drain and my friend had to wait at least a good half hour to shower after me. The hallways were dark and often dank with even some electrical wiring hanging from the ceiling. After several complaints about the room we thought we were receiving (the photos from Expedia and the hotel's own website were nothing close to what we got), we were moved to an upper floor on our final night. Needless to say, it was much nicer with a huge, fully modernized bathroom with huge shower stall and a claw footed tub. For an economy room, I would not recommend this place. If you have some money to spend, definitely pay more and book a room on at least the 4th floor.	
Jul 21 2004	The location was only exceeded by the wonderful staff.....	WHAT A GREAT PLACE TO STAY!!!!!  I took my granddaughter, who lives in Boston, to London as her graduation gift, June 23-July 2. First, there is no better location in London. The Piccadilly line on the tube is right at the side entrance. Several bus lines stop at the front entrance and the air bus to/from the airport stops across the street. Next time, we'll use the air bus.....we won't take Hotel Link or other van services, it takes too long to/from the airport with all the stops they make (2 hours, each way). But then...........We were greeted cheerfully and assisted graciously by the concierge and the staff at the reception desk. During our stay we were treated as guests as opposed to customers by everyone associated with the hotel. The public areas (lobby, bar, dining room) are impressive. The rooms themselves were more than adequate and large by European standards. The bathrooms are large and clean and new with deep, deep tubs for soaking....medicinal, after a lot of walking all day. The food and service at all our meals there exceeded our expectations. We asked for Mary to attend our table at breakfast every morning because she remembered all our requests from the first morning and was attentive to our table. Thanks, Mary.All attendants at the reception desk were not only pleasant and courteous, but attended to our every request or concern promptly and graciously. They made us feel more like friends or houseguests than clients. We hope to see them again at sometime in our lives. There or here. We will try to be as good hosts as you were......Thanks Andre, Zandilla and Laura, you are a credit to your employers.No matter which concierge who was on duty, they took care of anything that could assist us with our daily itinerary. They called numerous times to try to locate my luggage which did not arrive when I did. They called for reservations for shows, gave us directions wherever we wanted to go and told us the best way to get there, and generally shepherded us around town without going with us. Thanks, gentlemen, for making our visit more efficient and pleasant.......especially Bernard, who is the quintessential concierge. Every hotel needs someone like Bernard to make their guests feel cared for and secure.If we are fortunate enough to return to London, we WOULDN'T STAY ANYWHERE ELSE.	
Jul 6 2004	Economy Room at Russell Okay	When I booked a room at the Russell Hotel I had not seen the negative reviews which have appeared on this site, so it was with some trepidation that I checked in on June 24. I was already familiar with the Russell's exterior and with the neighborhood, though, so I knew it was a good location.When we saw our room, I was immediately reassured. Yes, the hallway was musty, and yes, some wear to carpet, drapery, etc. was visible, but the room on the whole was clean and pleasant. It was also on the front of the hotel with a nice view of Russell Square. Not so good was the traffic noise at night; unless you are a very sound sleeper, I don't recommend a room at the front of the hotel!The lobby is elegant, the restaurant better than average, and the service friendly. For the money, it was certainly better than adequate. The standard rooms, measured by London prices, should also be a very good deal.	
Jul 5 2004	Excellent Hotel amazing value for money for London	This hotel is without doubt the best value I have experienced on several visits to London. If you want something that little bit special for about the same price as a B&amp;B then you book this hotel on lastminute. The grand interior and staircases have to be seen to be believed, staff are friendly &amp; helpful &amp; the location is ideal for central London (Tube, Oxford St, Theatres, British Museum etc). I am not sure why so many people have found fault with this hotel, I would much rather stay here than many of the soul-less boxes which pass for high class hotels the world over.	
Jun 16 2004	Russell Hotel Russell SQ London	It was the hottest Day Room was on the sixth floor no ac 2 fans provided!The location wasgreat the room spacious &amp; elegant with very pleasant sitting area. Concierge misled us about most expeditious route to the airport Hot LINK airport service drove us around London for 1.5 hours before getting on the road to the airport. Driver indicated we would be all set if we were half hour late. GREED !! NOT customer satisfaction we wre told 45 minits is all it would take. Not a pleast beginning to a twelve hour journey!! We enjoyed our stay,perfect weather probaly helped !There was a sense of stress or friction amongst the staff maybe a transition time?????	
Jun 16 2004	Russell is a reasonable choice to save $; convenient.	We stayed at the Russell Hotel for 4 nights Sat. June 5 - checking out Wed. June 9, 2004. All in, we paid $200 CDN a night, purchased through hotels.ca. As the other reviews say, the location is amazing. The room was small but perfect for a place for two people to crash at night. The fixtures are somewhat old and worn, but the room was extremely clean when we arrived and the maid service was excellent every day when we returned from a long hot day of sightseeing. We were reasonably comfortable. No air con but there was a small fan in the room that gave some relief from the heat wave we had in London (30+ degrees, hot and sunny everyday). We did not notice any mildew smell and we had the cheapest room possible. With London being astronomically expensive we think we did ok with the Russell Hotel.	
Jun 11 2004	Poor Upkeep Needs Renovation	This hotel is badly in need of a renovation. The discounted rooms have much to be desired, and the hallways smell like mildew. The rooms are larger than other hotels in the city, but very gloomy.The location of this hotel is its best asset. If you aren't going to do anything there but sleep, it is fine.	
May 27 2004	Great historic hotel for the price	The Russell was very affordable for the quality of the place. Yes, it is aging - but they seem to be in the process of updating the rooms. It makes for an odd mix of old world/new contemporary style throughout the hotel. But again, for the price (especially in London!) it can be overlooked. the staff was extremely polite and acommodating. The downstairs bar is very comfy and has that antique-y library feeling to it. Prices at the bar are rather steep, so we only went there for morning coffee and after hours beers. The room was a typically small European standard room, but the bed was comfortable and clean, the bathroom had been remodeled and was very nice, and the room service was prompt! The best feature may be the location. Close to theatre, covent garden, soho, underground. DON'T miss breakfast in the beautiful outdoor cafe in the little park right across the street. 	
May 18 2004	Great Stay at the Russell Hotel	My wife and I were a bit skeptical of the Russell after reading some of the tepid reviews, but ended up having a great stay 5/13-5/17. We booked on a discount site for $110/noght. The location is great a block from the Russell Sqaure Tube stop, and right on the beautiful Russell Square. Architecturally, the building is beautiful. The common are is extravagant with the marbloe lobby. The staff was extremely helpful, particularly the concierge Bernard who cheerfully gave us a number of suggested pubs and restaurants in the area and made us two reservations for dinner. Our standard room was rather spacious for London, and the bathroom was large and modern. The only compaint would be that the bed was not the most comfortable and some of the hallways could use a facelift. All in all, a remarkable value and very enjoyable visit. If we are lucky enough to get back to London again, we would not hesitate to stay again at the Russell. Cheers! 	
May 17 2004	location location	great location.nice room. reasonable rate(for LOndon!). I don't understand the negative reviews of this hotel. I had all the hot water I needed. so don't buy breakfast at the hotel . on russell square there are cafes . it's very nice. most important thing about this hotel is that you never need a taxi. you are next to the russell square underground so you can return at night and walk safely home. the underground is well staffed..I never felt afraid at night. when I looked confused staff came up to me and asked to assist me. from hotel russell it's easy walk to british museum and covent garden--theatres, cafes, shops- during the day. next door is the Imperial hotel , very nice modest rooms, clean , super location and prices are very good. london hotel prices are high because of weak dollar so the Imperial is good value. bus stops outside both these hotels. from heathrow best to take the underground line direct to russell square.so convenient . I paid the extra for the heathrow express to paddington but then you must change to underground and shlep bags-I think better to pay less and just take the underground direct for about 3 pounds right to your hotel at russell square. 	
Apr 12 2004	A Great Experience	My family just returned from a week’s stay at the Russell Hotel and we could not have had a better experience. We booked two standard rooms through one of the discount sites. (Make sure you get a “standard” room and not an “economy” room. The hotel told us that the “economy” rooms have not been upgraded). The hotel was very accommodating when we asked them to get the two rooms close together – they were right across the hall from each other. In fact, the staff at the hotel went out of their way to make us feel welcome and comfortable. The concierge was very helpful, sending us to several neighborhood restaurants and helping us get tickets to attractions.We didn’t have any of the bad experiences cited in many of these reviews. The rooms were both very comfortable and spacious by London standards. One room had two twin beds, a sitting table and enough closet space to handle two teenage girls. The other room was a little smaller, with a double bed and a small closet. Both rooms had very nice, modern bathrooms with plenty of hot water. There was some visible wear and tear in both rooms but nothing that was excessive or that made us feel uncomfortable. The public spaces (lobby, hallways, and restaurants) were clean, bright and well maintained. We had drinks in the Kings Bar on night and received prompt, attentive service.As others have noted, the hotel’s location is wonderful. It is just around the corner from the Russell Square tube stop, with easy connections to the entire underground network. Across the street is Russell Square (with a delightful coffee stand), the British Museum is a few blocks away and there are plenty of restaurants within an easy walk. The area around the hotel has a “neighborhood” feel and, at the end of the day, it is a nice break from all of the hustle and bustle of sightseeing.If you want a nondescript room at a big corporate hotel chain, then this isn’t the place for you. However, if you want a local hotel with history and charm, then you can’t go wrong with the Russell Hotel. We would definitely stay there again if we go back to London.	
Mar 7 2004	Better than it sounds	The biggest positive to the Russell is its ideal location--directly across from Russell Square, Underground stop around the corner, many shops and restaurants in the neighborhood, very close to the British Museum, etc. There is no doubt that the hotel itself shows its age, but I still had a very good experience. My single room was small, but had a beautiful view of the square, and the bathroom was fine. I did not experience any of what is referenced in other reviews, such as multiple fire alarms (never had one) and disinterested service from the staff (I thought they couldn't have been nicer and more helpful, and I got to be especially friendly with the Scottish concierge/bellman in the lobby--he was interested in the fact that I wanted to read as many English newspapers as I could during my stay and collected several of them for me every morning). I stayed at the hotel Dec. 28-31, 2003, right before the departure of the Le Meridien name and management, and it sounds from other reviews that change has caused a significant number of problems. I hope the new management can get things worked out--my experience was that this was an excellent location at a good price.	
Feb 27 2004	lovely location awful service	We just came back from a stay at the Russell. We arrived two weeks after it had split off from the Meridian, a split which we had never been informed of. The hotel had no information about bookings as the Meridian didn't provide them with any. We were supposed to get a room immediately on our arrival and didn't get one until three hours after the stated check in time. We were charged for phone calls which were supposed to be free, we had room service bring up half of what we ordered, the concierge gave us very poor information about getting to Gatwick Airport. They charge money for the use of the internet, which is really unacceptable in a 4 star hotel. The room that we stayed in was charming but if you are going to stay here, brace yourself for awful service.	
Feb 14 2004	Absolute disgrace	Rates are a con. Booked it through the Le Merdidien website - rates are shown exclusive of VAT but it doesnt say that, nor does it say so on the confirmation email. Advertising VAT exclusive rates in the UK is against the law.It isn't a Meridien - It doesn't say it anywhere in the hotel. All the logos, signs, stationary and invoices are for a another company. I actually walked out because I thought I was in the wrong hotel. The staff do admit it if you ask them. Whilst I was waiting to check in three other people asked if they were in the right hotel.Had to wait half an hour to get my room because the it wasn't ready - even though I turned up well after check in time. The room I was given appeared ok but wasn't. The remote for the TV was missing. Called reception who said they would send one. After sitting there with the TV blasting for an hour (no way to turn it off) I went down to complain that there were no towels or soaps in the bathroom either. Turns out the room was out of service and I shouldn't have been allocated it.I was then allocated another room. Had to move my own stuff and take the other key back myself. Bathroom tap wouldn't switch off and neither would the fan in the bathroom. They don't have satellite so there's nothing to watch except channels 1-5 on the plasma TVs. Breakfast is ?17 for continental - a total joke. And forget about getting more than a suitcase and two people in the lift.4 Star? Do me a favour. If you want to waste your money then fine but next time personally I'll go back to staying at the St Giles round the corner. At least they're honest about their 3 star rating and you don't expect anything more.	
Feb 7 2004	A whole lot better than reviews suggest...	We stayed in a standard double January 13-16, 2004, booked through one of the discount sites. We got a very good deal, and I would say the amenities do live up to the 4* rating. The room had recent carpet, queen bed with nice bedding, great furniture and a sparkling clean bathroom that was quite large by London standards. We arrived at noon, three hours before check-in, but were immediately given our room. Some nice extras included an iron, trouser press, hair dryer and working towel warmer. The hotel is in an EXCELLENT location, walkable to the British Museum, Covent Garden, the theatres, all the West End sites and right across from the Russell Square Tube for those who prefer not to walk or for longer trips. The historic building is beautiful and the bar and restaurants (though not patronized) looked very nice and had reasonable prices. Though we got a better deal through a discount site, the posted rates also seem a bargain by comparison to posted rates of similar hotels. The only thing preventing me from giving it an &quot;excellent&quot; rating is that the water was not very hot in the shower-- even at 7am (tip: turn the water past the &quot;scald guard&quot; to get a little warmer). This could have been an anomaly, though, and certainly was not a hardship. Overall, I would say this is a great place to stay in a great city.	
Jan 31 2004	A good historic hotel	We were drawn by the fabulous Victorian character of the hotel, which has been very well preserved, and the location, very near the British Museum. Our room was large, comfortable and very clean, with plenty of amenities. Breakfast is excellent. Service is somewhat variable, and there are signs of wear -- water stains, chipped paint -- here and there. But overall, this hotel is well worth a try.	
Jan 21 2004	The discounted rooms are horrible!	As one writer noted, the Russell holds itself out as a 4-star hotel, but the &quot;cheap&quot; rooms are abominable, and there is no indication that this is what you will receive from such a &quot;classy&quot; hotel, even at a discount: the rooms and furnishings are worn and dirty; my phone did not work the entire time, and they never fixed it; the room was cold, and faced a lousy lot in the back; the small TV gets but a few channels (I mean, is this what the other guests of the hotel get?!); the fire alarm goes off constantly; and several nights each week the ballroom downstairs blares music so loud you'd think you were sleeping IN the ballroom! The staff at the front desk treat you with callous disregard, and I saw at least one guest checking in come back downstairs and demand a refund! The fact that these are cheaper rooms does not acquit the hotel, nor does it prepare one for the dump that awaits.	
Jan 10 2004	Loved the Russell	We had a standard twin room there last March and will return again in April 2004. Our room was spacious, had a bay window with great big arm chairs and good reading light! This was an older room overlooking Russell Square Park. WE got a great deal on the room, BTW. Great mattresses, wonderful marble bathroom, a nice table for in-room tea service.The staff was superb. The three fellows at the concierge desk could not do enough for us. As my companion travels in a wheel chair, there was a lot of help needed and we felt that our every need was anticipated. Fire alarm went off once (false alarm) and two hefty fellows appeared almost instantly at our door, prepared to carry my companion down a flight of stairs to safety, if need be. BTW, that entire area of London has a recent history of false fire alarms, not just the Russell.The bar is superb as is the bar staff. Very good breakfast selection, also. Only complaint is that the breakfast room seemed to have a very high proportion of trainees who were not yet up to the standards of the other staff.We recommend it highly!	
Dec 2 2003	Not as bad as expected	After reading the reviews I was expecting the worse for our 6 day stay. upon arriving and telling them it was our honeymoon(actualy it was last year) we were given a standard room, with a new bathroom. There was some wear and tear in the room, such as the lamp shades had water stains, peeling paint and wallpaper and a below average bed. The bathroom was incredible, brand new shower, toliet and heated towel bar. Compared to other hotels in London this deserves three stars.I heard and saw other guests complaining about their budget rooms, so try to get a standard room at all cost.	
Dec 2 2003	Not a 4* but a great location!	I just arrived back from London and stayed at the Le Meridien for 4 nights. I got a great deal on the hotel through Priceline ($415 total, including taxes). They claim to be a 4* hotel, but I'd give it a 3.5* at best. I think we were put on an unrenovated floor because of our cheap rate, but the room was just fine. It had a queen sized bed, TV, ironing board and that's about it. The bathroom was beautiful--it must have been redone. This hotel offers a great location and a nice night's sleep. I was unconcerned with the hotel on this stay, since I was going for pleasure and knew I'd spend little extra time in my room.	
Nov 4 2003	very bad experience	The economy room was so dirty, and the furniture was broken. The bathtub was rusted, the toilet was 50 years old, with yellow stains on it. The shower curtain was dirty. After complaining to the manager, we had an upgrade. The bathroom was nicer, but the heat did not work. Finally, after complaining to the manager, and wasting 2 hours, we were moved to another room, only to find out later that there was no hot water in the bathroom. The staff suggested I should wait until later in the afternoon to take a shower! We were glad we transferred to another hotel in the same neighborhood (grange holborn, a lot nicer).	
Oct 26 2003	Economy was Too Cheap	I had the WORST experience at this hotel. I stayed in an economy room. When I arrived, after being awake for 31 hours, there were maintenance supplies in my bathroom. I called to the front desk to inquire about the supplies, they needed to investigate and call me back. They called back and said they would send someone would be up to finish what the job that the supplies were in the washroom for, apparently my room had no hot water. The maintenance boy came and started working on the hot water problem, and his manager or something kept coming and going from the room, everytime knocking and making me let him in. Finally after about an hour the first fellow told me that they couldn't fix the problem and he will tell the front desk I should be moved to another room. This was about 12:30 in the afternoon. The front desk called up and told me another room would not be available until 1:30 at the earliest,and maybe I should go out for a while, and when I returned the new room would be ready. I said no, I have been awake for 32 hours, and I needed to sleep somewhere. She rudely replied, ma'am our check-in time is 2:00, I will not have anything available until then. Shouldn't they have upgraded me or something for my trouble? To top it all off, I heard the manager maintenance guy in the hall talking about how the person in the room (me) wouldn't leave while they were fixing the bathroom. I mean, SERIOUSLY, where was I supposed to go, I couldn't keep my eyes open. At 2:00 I called down for my new room, and the front desk said, sorry we are very busy down here I will have to call you back. What?!?!!?!?! They FINALLY moved me to my new room about 15 minutes later, and the window was so badly designed I froze to death. Don't ever stay ecomony here. Location good, service and room BAD!!	
Oct 24 2003	I thoroughly enjoyed the Russell	After reading all the negative reviews, I chose the Russell because of price and location. My five-night stay was unexpectedly delightful. I had a standard room on the eighth floor (the lift only goes to seven), one of only four rooms up there. It was clean, quiet, well made up, and reasonably sized by London standards. The Russell's hundred-year-old architecture is very interesting, and the clubby old bar a real jewel. The hotel is a bit off the beaten path, but the nearby tube and bus lines turn that into an asset, and the adjacent Russell Square is charming. Moreover, the hotel staff were excellent -- professional, friendly, and helpful. So, my advice is to try the Russell and work with them to get a room that suits. Or, book the Dorchester at $500 a night.	
Sep 5 2003	If You Like Dirty Furnishings Stay Here	Don't be fooled by the value of the 4-star tag on this hotel - it did not live up to my expectation of the type of hospitality the Meridien chain ought to offer, even for an Economy/Budget room, and I would never stay here again. Though I was initially enchanted by the accommodation(large charming room, nice wallpaper, modern telephone, remote controlled TV, loveseat, hairdryer, clean bathroom, great water pressure, killer view of Russell Square), my impression soon soured upon scrutiny. The couch seats and the fabric-covered headboard were both stained brown from overuse, and the armoire door was hanging on for dear life from one hinge. To my horror, I discovered that both bath towels had brown-streaked stains and the bedspread had &quot;other&quot; stains that probably had been left by a previous guest, I kid you not. The iron/ironing board I borrowed from the front desk was ready to fall apart, the automated telephone buttons for &quot;concierge&quot; and &quot;front desk&quot; connected nowhere, and the room offered no hotel directory.On the upside, most of the staff was friendly and helpful, the front staircase was gorgeous, the location superb, and dirt cheap at under $100/night. But if I knew that Economy/Budget meant &quot;Dirty Furnishings,&quot; I would have paid more to upgrade or stayed somewhere else. It's too bad - this hotel in its beauty, history and charm has so much potential to be a historical luxury landmark like the Paramount NY or Argyle LA. Sad to say, I have stayed at Motel 6's classier than this.	
Jul 17 2003	What's with the fire alarms?	I stayed in one of the cheap rooms for 2 weeks (c'mon, I'm a teenager, I have no money for artdeco rooms...) and it kinda sucked. The location's great, its right by the tube station, Renoir Cinema, laundromat, and even the grocery store(and Russell Square park's lovely).The room however, ugh...the TV had horrible reception and few channels (you'd expect better from le meridien, ya know?), the bathroom ceilings were gross looking, the shower took forever to drain...the windows didn't open all the way and the view was terrible (granted it was a cheapo room, but i didn't expect to look out and see scaffolding and into some man's room...).And the fire alarms, my god, I had to experience TWO of them! Both quite early in the morning, and lo and behold, there was never a fire.The only good thing, and I've noticed many others said this too, was the concierge, especially one named Bernard, nicest man ever, knew everything, so friendly. He needs to get a job with a better hotel I think, he deserves it...So if you don't mind getting woken up at 6 in the morning by a fire alarm and having to trod down the stairs and out into the street, and you can afford a nicer room, stay at Le Meridien Russell...	
Jul 6 2003	A tale of two rooms	I've stayed at the Russell twice so my mark is in-between the two experiences. My stay in one of the renovated rooms would have earned 5 stars being clean, well decorated and equipped. However, my stay in the non-renovated room would only merit a 1 or 2 as the room was small, shabby and worn (and the fire alarm kept going off).The architecture of this grand old building is particularly attractive. The hall is stunning in marble and is sh with decorative features (great ceiling). The area is pretty good and it's within a few steps of the underground (Piccadilly line which is handy for Heathrow). So if you do stay here, make sure it's not one of the older rooms as you can do much better for the money.	
Jun 22 2003	Good value for London.	We stayed here for one week beginning May 23, 2003. There seems to be 2 types of rooms: the economy rooms and the more expensive without breakfast refurbished rooms. We booked an economy room through hotels for about $100/nt which is an inexpensive rate for London. The first room we were given was very small and far from the elevator. We requested another room and we were given a much larger room on the busy street side. It was noisy, but much better than the first room. The hotel location was good, only a block from the Russell Sq tube and it was also on several bus lines. Many restaurants and convenience stores close by. All in all a good value for London.	
Jun 17 2003	Was better than I expected.		
Jun 12 2003	Style and Luxury ! The best room I ever had in my life !		
Jun 8 2003	Don't judge a Hotel by its exterior!		
May 21 2003	Excellent Concierge		
May 20 2003	Just a joke hotel		
Apr 27 2003	Promised AC didn't work		
Mar 21 2003	Great hotel great location great price!		
Mar 10 2003	Great for the Price 		
Jan 6 2003	ONLY the concierge....		
Dec 19 2002	Super hotel!		
Nov 17 2009	dépaysant		
Oct 31 2009 	Simulacro de incendio		
Oct 27 2009 	Central et agréable		
Sep 11 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 3 2009 	Muy bien ubicado y buen precio		
Aug 27 2009 	???????????		
Aug 21 2009 	ottimo hotel		
Aug 7 2009 	Bel hôtel		
Jul 31 2009 	Bien situé		
Mar 7 2009 	da evitare come la peste!		
Feb 22 2009 	???????????????		
Jan 21 2009 	un peu décevant		
Jan 2 2009 	Gran hotel para turistas		
Oct 21 2008 	?????		
Aug 11 2008 	Muy bien pero ojo a las habitaciones que dan al patio		
Sep 9 2007	trés bel hotel		
Dec 19 2006	Très bon hôtel		
Oct 10 2006 	einfach traumhaft		
