Nov 25 2009 	A lovely hotel friendly staff and a great location!	My husband and I were fortunate enough to stay here after winning a competition and the staff treated us like royalty! We checked in about mid-afternoon after exploring London and braving Regent Street, and the check-in staff and concierge were some of the friendliest hotel staff that we have run into in ages. Nothing was too much trouble for them and when we saw our room, we were amazed at the size! To be fair, we wound up in a suite, but it is definitely worth staying in one if you have the chance and the money. The bathroom was huge for a London hotel, with a separate bath &amp; shower. The bed was enormous and very comfortable, with the room topped off by a very nice tv. We also had cocktails and dinner at the hotel, which we would definitely recommend. The cocktails were lovely, though pricey - expected in London though! We had the 3 course meal, and definitely felt like we got our money's worth for it, with the lobster bisque and the steak, not to mention a lovely cheese board. The wine list had a good variety as well, with a range of price points to suit most budgets.The only downside we could find to the hotel was the fact that they don't have wifi, but I imagine that's down to the building materials in the building; we were more then happy with the internet connection using the ethernet cable.We would definitely stay at this hotel again due to the great service and great location.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great location but tiny rooms	This hotel is in a great location for shopping and theatre land. The public areas and breakfast are excellent and the staff were very polite and helpful.I have to say though that the rooms are the tiniest I have stayed in in London. It literally was not possible for two people to move around the bed or bathroom without having to pin one'self against the wall. I would say our &quot;superior&quot; room was a single room with a double bed in it . All very clean and nicely furbished though	
Nov 23 2009 	Cleanefficient and well located.	We were booked elsewhere but were let down at the last moment. I have no complaints as we thoroughly enjoyed our time here. The staff were polite,efficient. the breakfast was excellent as was the decor.	
Nov 18 2009 	Plush Hotel some problems though	I've stayed at the Marylebone Hotel on numerous occasions and always found the hotel to be very good. On this visit the hotels renovations appear to be complete and the place looked quite well - especially the public areas. The bedroom was good albeit small, plush, very small bathroom but beautifully finished. The bar was good too.On this visit the air conditioning malfunctioned, my room got unbearably warm overnight. I asked the hotel to check this out (both at 3am on the night and followed-up the next day), they subsequently advised that there was a problem on the floor in general that their A/C contractor would need to repair. On the night they did offer to change rooms but at 3am this didn't seem like a viable option. I will be booking there again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Need a better concierge	This newly renovated property has a lot to recommend: great location, clean rooms, delicious breakfast, modern decor. The concierge services however were lacking. I called in advance to ask about restaurants for dinner - the recommendations were a restaurant that was CLOSED DOWN, the hotel restaurant (we went - it was deserted). Our taxi for the airport was incorrectly ordered. They don't have local maps handy at the front desk, and so the directions are pointed out on a big city map that doesn't show the small details.So - I still say &quot;yes, go&quot;, just beware of any advice or reservations made by the concierge.	
Nov 13 2009 	Strongly Recommend	We just spent two terrific weeks at the Marylebone. Given our lengthy stay we were upgraded to a suite. (I had read about the small rooms and bathrooms.) We had a great deal of space and a large bathroom with shower and tub. The included &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was generous. And the staff was very helpful and gave us excellent restaurant suggestions. The only problem we had was the fire alarm, which went off twice in the middle of the night! They are having trouble with the system but were apologetic. The hotel has an excellent restaurant and lively bar. It also has several common rooms for reading, etc.. All are attractively furnished. We did not use the fitness center but looked at it. The pool was very nice. Use of the business center's computers and internet was free as were local phone calls.The Marylebone neighborhood has everything in the way of shops from Selfridges Department Store to fine boutiques and over 200 restaurants. It also is close to the Bond Street Underground station.	
Nov 11 2009 	A Happy Greeting	I don't know if you are the same manager that used to be around in the mid '90s, but when I was in the hotel there was a very nice door man that would extend the largest smile you have ever seen to customers on their way in. It reminds me of how the little things can cover other issues. No place is perfect, but I used to enjoy just sitting and relaxing with tea or a drink in the lounge downstairs and the staff would usually have the tele on and I would catch a late movie or whatever. OF course Welbeck Street is full of history and if you dig hard you will find out that Paul McCartney would hang out with Jane Asher just around the corner on Wimple Street at her parents house and wrote a song or two there. Back to the Clifton Ford: that is how it used to be, and I have to be honest and say that I am not in to modern decor, so if you decide to go back to old &quot;English&quot; style you will not disappoint me as so many hotels that looked so great many years ago, (a few department stores as well; Harrods for example) look no better than a cored out shopping mall or Disco in Essex--The Cumberland Hotel is another example, so things are not what they used to be, the refurb does not suit me but that said, the staff were and are ever friendly.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Location	Perfect location in London. The lobby &amp; bar area are very nice. The rooms are nice, but the bathroom was tiny. The carpet on the corridor we stayed on was dirty. The pool area which is open to the public was ok, the dressing area could have been cleaner. My husband had checked in the day before and he had informed the receptionist the morning of my arrival that I would want access to the room and gave them my details as we dont have same surname. Upon arrival i was told i could not enter the room as i had no id with my husbands surname. They did offer me use of a different room to freshen up but as my husband had brought some of my luggage with him this was of no real benefit. It was fairly annoying as I had to wait for 6 hours for my husband to get back from work. I would stay again as long as i got a good rate but would request a room with a larger bathroom.	
Nov 8 2009 	give it a miss	Can't say anything good about this place. My husband contacted the hotel twice in advance of our arrival to confirm that we would be assigned adjoining rooms as they had no inter-connecting rooms and we were travelling with our children. When we arrived after a long day of airports etc. we were told as rooms were assigned on a day by day basis they could not accommodate our request as they had nothing available that fulfilled our requirements. Our annoyance was compounded when we were asked by the manager who we had spoken to as they were not in a position to have offered us such assurances! It was only when it became apparent that this was unacceptable that they finally conceded they would work something out. The room we were assured would be ready when we returned that evening from a West End show. On our return, our children's room was not ready and housekeeping was not available. Again, only after repeated phone calls and the threat of a scene in the lobby was the doorman sent up to do a job that clearly he was unprepared for and ill equipped to do. In addition the hotel was overheated to such a degree that several of the guests remarked on it and the air conditioner in the children's room did not work, but made plenty of noise.The dining room staff were charming and the breakfast was good, even so we decided to leave two days early and find a different hotel.	
Oct 30 2009 	My Fav Hotel	I stayed here a lot both before &amp; after the refurb..Since the refurb I love this hotel. Great location, Great decor &amp; London is a great place to go. What more could you want??!! The Marylebone or Clifton Ford as I still call it, is my favourite place to stay in London.. Alot Quiter than other London Central Hotels which is a plus..	
Oct 21 2009 	Fantastic!!!	This hotel really got a style, located in central london oxford area, got swimming pool , spo and fitness centre, free Broadband, excellent breakfast. its surely a 5 Star atmosphere. next trip to London we will definetely stay again at this hotel!	
Oct 17 2009 	Would never recommend this hotel bad value for money	My stay at the Marylebone Hotel was extremely disappointing. In am a frequent business traveler and in London I am familiar with the Andaz, the Pelham, St Martin's, the Mandeville and many more hotels. I can tell you the Marylebone doesn't deserve a 4 star rating. It was not at all what I expected. I booked my stay through London Bookings/Olympia Tours and requested the Mandeville Hotel. Because the Mandeville was full they transferred me to the Marylebone with the assurance that it would be of similar quality and I would receive a similar or better room than at the Mandeville.So much for Olympia Tours. The location is fine and the public spaces like the lobby and bar ok but my room was poorly . Very small and no atmosphere at all. The shower and bath weren't working properly, I couldn't get the room temperature up or down, the TV displayed only 5 English channels, which is extremely limited for a four star hotel. I tried to call the concierge twice but my call wasn't picked up. And last but not least the routing within the hotel is terrible. I got lost several times. Nothing compared to the Mandeville Hotel and I don't understand why the Frieze (which I was visiting) organization is recommending this. Bad value for money.	
Oct 16 2009 	No-nonsense place in prime location	The Marylebone Hotel does pretty much exactly what it says on the can. Situated less than 5 minutes from Bond Street tube station and Selfridges in a quiet little road near the village-like Marylebone High Street, the hotel caters to both business and leisure travelers. The somewhat under-staffed reception was mostly friendly and offers a modern aura without going over the top. The concierge will happily take your luggage to and from your room, but don't expect any great local knowledge beyond that. We stayed in a junior suite, which at an average of GBP 200 a night offered good space. From what I hear of the standard rooms, these are very small and really just suitable for the guest who intends to spend as little time there as possible. The hotel's restaurant, 108 Marylebone, serves excellent fresh food from a small but varied menu, with very friendly and attentive staff. Breakfast can get a little crowded during peak hours, but again staff manage to overcome this through fairly efficient service.So, all in all, this is a good, contemporary 4+ star hotel to stay in when in London that does not disappoint and does what it does well. You won't leave raving about it, but you'll probably be happy to come back.	
Oct 14 2009 	A real gem	I recently stayed at the Marylebone and can say it was very pleasurable! I had stayed at the Jurys Clifton Ford before and that was pretty good, however, the new decor and service were excellent! Breakfast was very nice and the Gym really was exceptional! Hotel gyms are usually poor at the best of times but this one really does have everything you need...Look forward to staying there again. Have tried many 4&amp;5* London hotels and this one really hits the spot	
Oct 13 2009 	No Attention to Minor Detail	I found myself in a position of having to stay in this hotel even though I have a 'pied de terre' just around the corner.The reservation and reception staff were delightful and very helpful. My first room was so small as was the bathroom that I had to go up two levels to get anything that was remotely acceptable. However to be fair the staff were really accommodating and the decor and furnishings were fine.The hotel was let down by 'bad housekeeping'. There was no robe in my room but this was delivered when I called. I didn't want to be a pain and when I saw there was no hand soap in the bathroom I just used the shower gel. The instant coffee was just decaffinated, there was no sugar or sugar substitute and the much acclaimed Nespresso Machine did not work even though I have used one before and I followed the instructions.In the morning I discovered that there was no shower cap (a basic requirement) and the water was just warm - so a tepid bath it was! One of the floor lamps in the room did not work - again a simple thing like a replacement light bulbI have been fortunate at having stayed in some of the best hotels in the world - we could learn a lot from hotels in Asia! The room lacked other basics such as a clock, radio, Ipod dock, slippers - all now standard stuff - and as I had upgraded to a Studio Suite, it was most disappointing.	
Oct 11 2009 	complete luxury	the hotel is ultra modern and should be 5 star! i had queen bed big plasma t.v a bathroom fit for a king everthing feels new i stayed on 4th floor and seperate lift takes you down to spa in basement, i have stayed in some fantastic hotels and marlylebone is top class it has all mod cons and great buisness centre free 24hr internet also available in room,staff are polite and prorefessional and make you feel very welcome,i would stay here again as first choice when in london for buisness or pleasure as great location just few mins walk to oxford st.	
Oct 4 2009 	BEWARE BAIT AND SWITCH!!	I booked and fully prepaid an eight night stay at the Marylebone for October through the Michelin Rewards Travel Club. My confirmed reservation was at a most attractive rate, as mentioned by others here. Then last week I was contacted by Michelin that my reservation had been switched to the Jurys Inn way out in Fulham, a sister hotel of the Jurys Doyle Hotel Group in no way comparable to the Marylebone. I checked and there were still rooms available at the Marylebone at much higher rates! This happened to me once before at another Doyle hotel, the Dupont in Washington, D.C. The correct thing to do by a reputable hotel would be an upgrade at check-in if they were over booked for the less expensive rooms. Not here!! Fortunately I still had time to cancel this joint , get a refund, and book a decent property near Russell Square. I will not be booking another Jurys Doyle hotel ever again!! While I await yet another less than sincere response from Mr. B, I think I will put on a little soft vioin music...CAVEAT EMPTOR!!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Not worth the price	This hotel hasn't changed much since it was Jurys, rooms still seem the same and in regular rooms, bathrooms are tiny. We had mould on the bathroom wall or perhaps the grouting just needs to be replaced otherwise it was very clean. Staff on front desk very helpful and efficient. Breakfast waiting staff are great. Breakfast is very good but overpriced, full English breakfast 17.50, continental 12.50. Can get full breakfast around the area for half that price. Location is excellent as it is close to Oxford St. Bed and pillows were very comfortable, good selection of TV channels although not enough movies on them. Recommendation is for location as prices are not worth it. Paper is offered in hotel but fail to tell you there is a charge.	
Sep 25 2009 	Nice choice for London - unbeatable offering	We decided to read between the lines and trust the recently renovated boutique hotel. We booked 2 doubles for 3 days and took a deep breath. Well, It may be not the hotel to fall in love with (cold service, ok though) but its a beautiful boutique hotel and one of the Smartest choices in London:Nice location, near Oxford for shopping and outings. Nice and modern decoration, still smells new. Public areas very modern and nice, bar ok. Elevators efficient. Rooms a little bit small but very nice and ideal for 3-4 days. Price superb (79bp per day). Try to beat the offering, I am afraid its almost impossible.	
Sep 12 2009 	Ok if you stay in one of their premium rooms	It looks like my last review didn't save, which is probably for the best for this hotel as it was pretty damning. After a few days of reflection and an upgrade to a better room, I'm not quite as het up about this place. The staff are friendly and they do try their best but they don't have heaps to work with. Some of the rooms are appallingly small (I have seen a few) and very poorly laid out. They have started with a bad floor plan and tried to build a hotel around it. Not ideal. The common areas are pleasant and the location of the hotel is very good but I'd definitely make sure you go for one of their better rooms.	
Sep 9 2009 	Unimpressed	I was shockingly surprised at what an unpleasant three-night stay we had at this hotel, based on all of the other great reviews here. I kept wanting to give it another chance as it really could have potential, but it just doesn’t. And while there are a few good things about it (free high-speed, great location), there’s just not enough to outweigh the bad.Biggest issue – a whopping four false fire alarms over the course of our stay. Two of them were early morning so that ruined any chance of sleeping in on Fri. or Sat. We contacted reception after the second one and were basically told, “sorry there’s a problem with the fire alarm but we’re not sure how to fix it.” The comical thing was when a letter was slipped under our door shortly after one of the false alarms, informing us that it was in fact just a false alarm and not an actual fire so there was nothing to be concerned about. I think if it had been a fire we’d have figured it out by that point…We had a superior room which was disappointingly small; I can’t imagine how much smaller a deluxe room is. Not only was it small, but it suffered from a poor layout and bad lighting. The bed was oddly short; I’m only 5’3” and my feet dangled off the end. The hotel must be concerned about people stealing irons, because they are bolted onto the ironing board making it nearly impossible to use. The bathroom was decent sized but also had poor lighting and was just very dingy and looked as if it needed a good proper scrubbing. There was build-up in the crevices of the shower, which took forever to drain. There were just so many little misses during our stay… For example, one day after housekeeping came, they neglected to leave any toilet paper. We had to call reception not once, but twice to get them to bring some. There was no bathrobe, no room service menu, no pen and paper – pretty common things for a hotel room to have. I called for a room service menu and was told they would slip one under the door “if” they could find one (and they did). While they neglected the obvious, hotel staff would come around at odd times to check things. The second day we were there a woman knocked on our door to see how everything was, which I suppose is fine, but the day that we called for toilet paper, someone came to our door to restock our mini bar – which didn’t need to be restocked. Just very odd and it seemed as if they didn’t really have it together. The queue at checkout on a Sunday morning was long; there was only one person working at reception.The hotel really lacks any character and the staff doesn’t seem to go out of their way to go above and beyond. There are loads of other hotels in London that I’d be hard-pressed to ever recommend staying here.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Hotel	Nice Hotel only a short walk to Oxford street. The decor is very good with a modern feel, corridoors to the rooms are quite dark. The rooms are quite small with the bathroom even smaller, very warm but air con works well.You get use of the virgin gym/pool next door which is nice.All in all an excellent hotel for a short stay in a good London location.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very good value for money and great location	Stayed here for 3 nights, paid £115pn b&amp;b through travelzoo and thought this represented excellent value for money for central London hotel. Although small (tiniest bathrooms I have ever seen), the decor and ambience was lovely and i've stayed in a lot of london hotels. The location was brilliant, 5-10 minute walk from oxford st (by selfridges and bond st tube stn) and just a couple of minutes from Marylebone High St which has lovely shops and cafe's/restaurants. Rooms do vary in size - the first one we were given was so small it felt cramped and the toilet leaked so we asked for a move. The second room (same standard, not an upgrade) was much bigger so it would be worth asking for a larger one maybe? Breakfast was very nice, plenty of choice and fresh. Used the Virgin fitness club downstairs which was also very nice and clean (good pool, jacuzzi, sauna, steam room plus usual fitness facilities). If I was going back to London again for sightseeing/shopping, I would definately stay here again over some of the other hotels I have reviewed (if I could get equally as good a rate).	
Sep 3 2009 	Bargain	Was looking for a central London hotel for under £100. After reading some reviews on Tripadvisor i booked up.What a pleasant surprise. The hotel is superb value for money. Excellent location, decent rooms, helpful and friendly staff.Only down side is the price of the drinks in the hotel bar. I am used to paying over the odds when in a London hotel but the cost of drinks was incredibly high.However if you need a good value hotel then you cant go far wrong with this one.	
Sep 2 2009 	fantastic location great staff	The location of this hotel is lovely, Marylebone High St and the area have lots of good restaurants, pubs and shops. Its also near to Oxford St, St Christophers Place and the rest of the West End. Hotel has 'small hotel' feel to it. Quiet and relaxing. Good gym in basement which can be used by guests. We upgraded to deluxe room for a good rate and this room was large by London standards with a good sized bathroom. We got a superb price via the ASDA travel site. Food very good in restaurant. Very good breakfast at fair price. Only minor issue would be availability of only Irish newspapers which seems a bit bizarre even if the hotel is Irish owned. Service is first class; everyone is very efficient and friendly.We have stayed before and would happily stay again.	
Aug 25 2009 	We are going back again!!	We stayed here when it was a 'Jurys', and it stuck in our mind as we had a free upgrade, not so lucky this time but a great experience all the same.The best yet for anywhere in London, where there is a fantastic choice of 'eating out' on the door step.We did three nights at a good rate, and ate out within 3 minutes walk each time.Try Carluccios in St Christopher Place, it was fantastic.Hotel has a leisure centre with a pool, which was fine, although the staff there were a little off, when they realised that you were from upstairs, so we only went the once, but it was not crowded and very clean.Generally the hotel the staff were wonderful and helpful, and also very considerate. We did bed and continental breakfast, which was enough, and even refused free upgrade to full english on the third morning as we could not eat any more.Plenty of room to relax, and only three minutes walk from the tube.Yes we are going back in the Autumn, as I do not see the need to go elsewhere now.	
Aug 25 2009 	Central clean wonderful concierge	We had stayed here previously while named Clifton Jurys Ford and were pleasantly surprised with the remodeling that has been completed. We like the central location and the fact that there are excellent restaurants close by. Our room was very comfortable and the bathroom spotless., though maybe a bit cramped. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a central hotel, convenient to the underground, shopping and restaurants.	
Aug 23 2009 	good location	stayed here one night and got a great deal with travelzoo the hotel is in a good location close to the main shopping streets and some good restaurants,all the rooms have been refurbished in a modern chick design and everything looks fresh and clean, hotel staff were very helpfull and pleasant, the breakfast was excellent and the bar was also good my only dissapointment was the size of the bathrooms they have to be the smallest i have ever had in a hotel but well equiped and clean , i would use this hotel again if you can get the discount rate but i wouldnt stay if i had to pay the rack rate	
Aug 21 2009 	modern clean compact 5 min from bond street station	Not large rooms but recently renovated, modern, clean, well located and so good value for London. I will return to stay here. It is also in a quiet street	
Aug 21 2009 	Nice hotel good location YOUNG staff	We stayed at the Marylebone on the advice of our travel agent whom we've used for years. She always puts us close to transportation so we can use the bus or subway systems, but still close to shopping and restaurants since we have kids with us. Marylebone fit the bill pretty well.Its a short walk to Bond Station which is on the Jubilee line, and that runs right to Westminster, London Bridge and the London Dungeon areas. Saved a fortune on taxis. However, while the young staff try hard, they are not quite there and are NOT good at directions. Our first night we got in late, after 11 so most restaurants closed. They directed us to a pizza place '10 min' walk away. 25 min later we found a different place, and it turned out we were a block short of where they told us to go. NOT great at 11pm at night. Look for the older morning staff instead of the much younger evening staff. They know their stuff, pick great restaurants (and know where they are). Hotel is clean, but is showing its years. We had two rooms and the rooms themselves were clean, but small. One Ethernet connection in each room (no WIFI) so you better not have multiple devices. The bathrooms both head peeling paint on the woodwork below the tub (half glass shower doors) and one room had no seal at the bottom of the glass so you had to be super careful not to flood the room on a shower.Cold breakfast (and toast) was included in the room rate, but hot breakfast was an extra 7 pounds or so. Seemed pricy for meat and eggs on a daily basis. The Cold breakfast of cereals, fruit, fresh juice, bread, etc was very filling.Two problems to watch out for: we had to renew our room cards every day. Don't know why, but they only worked for 1 day. Kind of annoying. More importantly to us, they only put a bottom sheet on the beds and I never saw the comforters being taken to the wash. My wife had to remake our beds each day after asking for extra sheets. Never saw a hotel that did not offer a second sheet with a plain comforter. A sanitation issue.Wifi in the lobby is spotty, but there are two PC's and a power station in the business center which are free to use.	
Aug 7 2009 	stylish room but....	we stayed at the Marylebone hotel for 3 days. it's a great location just 7 mins walk from the main shopping area of regent / bond / oxford street entrances. it's an extremely stylish hotel, wonderful neighbourhood and very pleasant. the rates that we had were also great value for money for the area that we were in. the only gripe we had was that the room (standard) was rather small and cramped. and the bathroom was nearly impossible to manouvere in. we are rather small built and we still found it so tiny that we could hardly move about in the bathroom. so i am wondering how the medium size and larger size guests work their way in the bathroom? a tip would be to opt for a deluxe or suite i gather. at the checkout counter i provided the feedback to the reception abt the small bathroom. then there was a guest checking in next to me and he insisted that he take a look at the various room options before he decided which one to stay in. I guess that's a solution huh?	
Aug 4 2009 	changed room twice...ok but overpriced even for central London	This is overpriced for what you get. It's more of a business hotel and has recently been done up (the new fittings give off a bit of a 'new car smell'). Staff are helpful - and they need to be as we had to change rooms twice!!First room - the bed had not been made or someone had been sitting on it watching TV (the remote control was lying in the middle of the bed and the pillows/covers weren't messed up). It was also tiny and really dark.Second room was better - facing the street, light, compact. Then the card entry door stopped working so we had to get the staff to unlock it to get back in. They couldn't get it fixed so the next morning they moved us to another room.Third room was lower down and dark but very spacious with extra frills (to make up for the inconvenience). Bathroom door didn't shut properly but we thought we'd moved enough!In all cases, the staff were helpful but still...Swimming pool in the basement is run by Virgin and gets very busy with hotel and non-hotel customers. Decent, functional but sporty (lane swimming) rather than for leisure/relaxing.Great location. Go to Paul's bakery on the high street for breakfast.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent hotel - staff service cleanliness food and ambience were all wonderful!	This hotel is brilliant and I'd highly recommend it to anybody.I booked a 1 night stay on a Saturday night in August as a special treat for my wife and I to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary. I read all the reviews on Trip Advisor before hand and was encouraged by the majority of them, but slightly nervous due to the one or two that said it was an awful experience! I shouldn't have been worried...we had an amazing stay there.Do not be put off by the look of the hotel from the outside (it looks like a run down 1960's office block!) - once inside, it opens up into a lovely modern luxury hotel. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful during our check in and they even gave us a hot towel to refresh us after our journey! I've never had this in any other hotel before - it was a very nice touch. We got upgraded to a Junior Suite as it was a special occasion which they obviously didn't have to do, but was very much appreciated when they did!Our Suite was very nice with lots of luxurious touches, like a 'Nespresso' coffee making machine, huge plasma tv, modern chrome taps, marble bathroom, huge wooden bed, funky chair and extra space. We were on the top floor (7th) and had a great spot on one of he corners of the hotel so had amazing views over the rooftops of London. We couldn't work out how to work the coffee machine, so we called reception and somebody was up within 5 minutes to help us. Once conquered, it was lovely coffee! Any staff around the hotel were very friendly and all said hello to us.We then went out for a lovely afternoon to Little Venice (nearest tube = Warwick Avenue) and got a boat trip along the canal (past Regent's Park &amp; London Zoo) to Camden Lock and wandered around Camden Market (which is excellent!). The hotels concierge were very helpful in advising us on all of this. It was a lovely afternoon out and not too far away- it made a nice change from just doing the normal tourist stuff in the West End.When we got back to the hotel we sat in the Drawing Room which is a very relaxing place to have a quiet drink and read the newspapers provided. Lots of funky modern decor with background music playing - all very relaxing. We then had a booking for dinner in 108 Marylebone Lane which is accessible directly from the hotel or from the street via the 108 Bar. Both the bar and restaurant continued the theme of the hotel, where by they were spotlessly clean with lots of modern, funky bright luxury decor. The service was impeccable and the food was amazing. Not too expensive, but not cheap either - you get what you pay for and I think we got incredible value for money considering how nice the food was and what a lovely environment it was all in. A nice lively atmosphere, but very private and romantic too.We had breakfast in bed (no extra charge) which arrived bang on time (and was lovely). We then made use of the Virgin Active health club in he basement of the hotel. Again, directly accessible from the hotel or from the street. Lovely pool, jacuzzi, steam room and sauna, plus really well equipped and clean changing rooms. Was a great place to unwind.All in all, we had a great stay and would definitely go back. Offers luxurious service and accommodation for a competitive price. Well done Doyle...!!!	
Jul 30 2009 	highly recommended	When booking this hotel was told that it was a nice hotel, and it was true what was said about the outside looking plain, but inside was a different story. Very high quality furnishings and the beautiful sweet smell of candles burning - very welcoming. We had a basic double room but it was very clean and considerably quiet for the location 10 minutes from Oxford Street. My partner decided wanted an early night so I was left to wander round the hotel and have a swim in the lovely pool, I was the only one swimming so it was heavenly - just what you need after looking round hectric Oxford Street all day. I dressed and then relaxed in the comfy lounge - soft music was playing and candles had been lit at all the tables creating a wonderful ambience, I could have sat there all night!!!In the morning we were greeted with lots of smiley happy faces waiting to serve us breakfast, nothing was too much trouble and the food was delicious.......on checking out we were given an apple and a bottle of water each for our day, will definitely be using this hotel again as it was fantastic .	
Jul 20 2009 	Beware: nice hotel chaotic backoffice	Staying in this hotel can be very nice, but be carefull when you are checking in. Read our experience:When we checked in, the lady at the frontoffice wouldn´t believe at first that our booking was prepaid and was trying to let us pay for the booked room a second time. Only after a discussion of a few minutes, she would let us go to our room and 'would get back to us about it´.When we got in the room, we were astonished. It was beautifull, but we had never seen a DELUXE room that was as small as this one - a tiny bed, a miniscule shower. My boss, who weighes about 120 kg's, wouldn´t have fitted in there. Since we weigh 120 kg´s together, we were doiing fine. But still.. So we went down to the reception again and asked if this really was the Deluxe room. &quot;Oh, that allways happens with Expedia&quot;, said the lady at the desk uninterested. Since it was not what we paid for, I asked if their was anything she could do about it. A deep sigh. &quot;I´ll go and get the manager.&quot;Thank God she understood a bit more about how you should treat guests. She was very friendly and found out that their backoffice made two mistakes; the prepayment and the room type. Unfortunately the hotel was fully booked, so she couldn´t fix it right away. But she offered us a suite for the next two days. And a complimentary meal at their restaurant - which was good.Nevertheless, I got the impression that they just tried to put guests in smaller rooms, as I met another couple who had the same complaint about their room. So be carefull that you get what you paid for - it´s a nice hotel, but not if you don´t get what you want.Oh, and don´t get frightened by the outdated outside of the hotel - the inside is beautifull.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great hotel	We had a bargain deal from Travelzoo for £115 per night per room inc full English breakfast and 20% off food and drink in the restaurant and bar.Check in was efficient and our room overlooked a side street. It was quiet and clean and the bed was comfy. TV had plenty of chanels and there was a good selection of tea and coffee in room. Toiletries in bathroom were from their spa and were really nice.Bedroom was a little small and bathroom was tiny. Shower worked well.Breakfast was of good quality. What really makes this hotel special are the staff and the location. All staff were extremely friendly and happy and the location is just off Oxford Street. We usually stay in the City Inn in Westminster which is equal for service and quality of food. The City Inn wins it on room size and in room facilities but the Marylebone wins it on its location. Both are extremely good hotels.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice staying	Very nice hotel.Friendly staff.Good position.No noises.Nice room pretty well furnitured and a nice bathroom.The problem is that the ventilation system doesn't work there.But the AC is OK in the room.Also the fridge wasn't working or,at least, i could't manage to swich it on.Very clean.Pretty good working internet connection.Nice restaurant .I had only the breakfast there but you have possibility to choose between continental or english breakfast .No complaint about the food and its variety. Maybe pretty expensive prices for rooms but what to do..At walking distance to Oxford street for those going at shoppings.	
Jul 3 2009	excellent	I took my daughter for her 21st birthday,so glad i did.The staff were so friendly and helpful,the rooms were very clean.The location for shopping was great and all other amenities.I would recommend the restaurant.Can't wait to go back again,recommend this hotel every time.	
Jul 3 2009 	Out-dated over-priced and over-rated	Planned surprise romantic weekend just for 2 in London for my 40th. The taxi pulled up outside a very outdated looking hotel in a nice part of town and made sure we were at our 4.5 star rated hotel. We were kept for at least 15 min at check-in as they had no room for us even though he had booked it three months in advance and had a confirmation number. We were assured that room 730 on top floor was the studio king suite that had been booked. The 7th floor is top floor with the whole level having reduced ceiling height.. The room was very very disappointing. No imagination, no interior style. Grey carpet, white wall, cheap grey office furniture and smallest king bed i have ever seen. Very questionable. Was this a staff room? Looked nothing like any rooms on web-site. It felt very much like a budget hotel but did not charge budget prices. Would not recommended to anyone at the prices we were charged. Worst value hotel we have ever stayed.	
Jun 30 2009 	Fantastic boutique hotel in the heart of London	I found this hotel via one a travel guide book and after reading the reviews here, decided to take a chance and book with them directly (rather than using one of the big travel booking websites where you have to prepay). We were a bit worried as the price was a lot less than similar London 4 star boutique hotels. I am happy to say that our fears were goundless. The hotel gives off a hip, plus modern feel, with stylish quality furniture, dark wood and suede covered hallways. The rooms are just like you see them on the website, though they seem bigger in person, a big plus considering how often London hotels give you a mini room for a maxi price. The bathroom in particular was huge by London standards and very posh with surprisingly good water pressure in the shower and big bathtub. The queen sized bed was a true queen, and the high speed Internet access was free. The staff were very helpful, though I didn't like having to ask room service for a bucket of ice to chill our bottle of champagne brought from Italy (The room service fridge is elecronically monitored, so you can't take things out of it, use it for your own purposes, then put items back after without incurring a cost for each item). Ask for a room numbered from 60 to 95 (e.g. 490) to be away from the main elevators, as there is only one set of elevators for the whole hotel, so staying near to them might mean more ambient noise. One of the huge pluses of this hotel, other than how quiet it was, was that it was amazingly well situated. Close to the Bond underground station, it was a quick ride to Piccadilly Circus, Tower of London, Harrods, Westminster Abbey, etc. It was only one stop away from the PIccadilly line for those who want to take the tube to Heathrow. There are a ton of restaurants and pubs in the area, as well as sandwich shops and coffee shops (yes even a Starbucks for those that love that chain). Also a lot of mid to high end shopping to be had only a 5 minute walk away. Only downside is no breakfast is included. but the free internet access, free printing in the business centre and free use of the pool and fitness facility at the adjacent Virgin fitness centre offset this nicely IMO. When we return to London next year, we're going to stay at Marylebone again.	
Jun 23 2009 	What you see is what you get	I stayed at the hotel for one night whilst on a business trip and I was delighted with the hotel as what you see online is what you actually get when you arrive. Staff are so pleasant and quick to help. Room was great stayed in a Superior Double, the only downside to the room was the size of the bathroom, (but hey I could live with it), but it was clean modern and fresh. Great location 5 mins walk from Bond Street Station, great for shopping on Oxford Street, would highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking to stay in London.	
Jun 19 2009 	gem in perfect setting	At conference with colleague. Hotel was superb, so close to Oxford St, Harley St and Wimpole St. Yet quiet enough to seem removed from city. On arrival, was taken very quickly to room (twin, non-smoking had been reserved) and discovered room on smoking floor.Phoned reception to complain and immediately upgraded to junior suite. All of this happened within 10 minutes of initial check in. Very slick and efficient. Receptionist excellent, great people skills and on departure offered us complimentary bottled water. (nice little touch)The decor in the hotel is absolutely stunning;ranging from tradional to modern. Would love some of the pieces I saw there! The junior suite was really lovely though not that big but still we thought it was great. Breakfast was one of the best we have had. The range of food on offer was superb staff lovely and the dining room though quite large was beautiful full of little nooks that made it feel quite intimate and private. Swimmimg pool sauna and gym also there but unfortunately we didn't get to use them. Will definitely return.	
Jun 9 2009 	Warm welcome for romantic weekend	My wife and I have just celebrated our 9th Anniversary in London. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, the room was great (Delux Double), the breakfast and service were spot on, the spa facilties great and the bar area was the perfect place to relax after a great evening out.We will be back at Christmas with our two little kids.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Location stylish and clean rooms	+++ location+++ price+ room (well furnished, high standard)- roomsize (OK for a weekend but not for longer)+ friendly receptionists- unremarkable service staff in the Bar and Room Service- smell of swimming pool in the Bar area	
Jun 5 2009 	Trendy feel in a fantastic location	After reading all the reviews on this hotel, I was still hesitant about staying here. So I emailed the general manager who kindly let me know that the whole hotel indeed was finished an entire renovation (some people mentioned that some rooms were not renovated). The hotel has a trendy, minimalist feel but yet still cozy and the staff was extremely warm and friendly. I received a complimentary upgrade which was great and found the room to be more than adequate. Rooms are equiped with Villeroy Boch bathroom with granite countertops and a nice big bed with a big flat screen TV. The room was also quite big especially for a big city and the bathroom was roomy as well. My only issue with the bathroom is that the shower didn't have a curtain so the bathroom floor gets a bit flooded. The area where the hotel is located is outstanding. Very quiet and safe but 5 min walk to Bond Street station and to Oxford Street. Location cannot be beat.The hotel also offer free WIFI (I didn't use it as I did not have my laptop) and free computers to use downstairs to check emails and local attractions.I would definitely stay at this hotel again on my next visit to London!	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Area Great Price Great Stay!	My boyfriend and I got a deal on this hotel through Travel Zoo and at first I was a little sketchy about the hotel from reviews I had read on here, so i really wasn't expecting anything Super or Over the top. The area the hotel is in, is pretty upscale, it is right near Oxford St. (a shoppers heaven), and there are a bunch of great restaurants on the little side streets in and around the hotel core. The hotel itself was wonderful, we were pleasantly surprised when we were walking up to it, because it definitely didn't match many of the descriptions I had read beforehand. The inside was very trendy and upscale and all the staff was very friendly. Check in took about 5 minutes and we were right up to our room. We stayed in a deluxe room which was great, big TV, nice soft bed and free WIFI. The bathroom was an alright size but the shower was a little odd, there was no shower curtain and only a small plank of glass that really didn't prevent the water from getting all over the floor. The only complaint we had was the air conditioning as it was a hot day when we arrived and the room was pretty warm. It took half a day for it to start to cool down.The breakfast was good, only downfall was you had to be there before 10am or it was closed, so no sleeping in. Check out was fast with just having to sign off on a piece of paper with the charges and off we were.Hope this helps.	
Jun 2 2009 	GREAT HOTEL!	What a great Hotel.Location is excellent and the rooms are to great standard!Everything here for a realxing and quiet stay or hustle and bustle.	
May 26 2009 	Very nice hotel	My wife prepared a trip to London a few weekends ago so she made the reservation to this hotel. I arrived there first, meeting her a fter a few hours as we were coming from different towns. The hotel is very well located, just a few minutes walk from Bond Street. Also, nearby you can find Oxford Street, Soho and the rest of London's city centre. The hotel itself is very clean, very elegant, the rooms not so big, but very nice. They are well equiped, with HD TV, minibar, iron, Internet. Everything is very clean and nice decorated. In the hotel you can find a nice pool, a fitness area, a restaurant, a bar, some computers with internet in the lobby. The staff is very polite and helpful. My wife found a special offer, for our 3 nights stay it was something around 380 pounds. The regular price is little higher than that I guess. In the end, I would recomend the hotel to a friend of mine.	
May 24 2009	Our wallets was stolen from the hotel room!	Me and my mother stayed at The Marylebone hotel for a shopping weekend in may. When we first arrived we got the smallest room I have ever seen with a rather small bed for 2 persons.We went down to the reception and asked for a bigger room with a bigger bed.The receptionist acted a little &quot;hard to get&quot; about the upgrading of the room, but at last gave us another.When we came back from dinner the last night our wallets was gone. I left mine in the room before we went out that evening and my mother left her &quot;extra wallet&quot;.There were no safety deposit box in our room either.When we went down to the reception to report that our wallets was gone, we got the worst service ever! When we checked out the next day the front-desk manager said she was going to e-mail us the next day to give us some kind of compensation but I never heard from her (now its been 2 week since we came home).The Marylebone hotel is a really nice hotel with really good location, but that doesnt help when the customer service is that bad.	
May 23 2009 	Highly recommended	We stayed here for a long weekend (3 nights) and would highly recommend it. The location is fabulous, walking distance from key areas and close to a number of tube lines. Marylebone itself is a lovely neighbourhood and great for cafes, restaurants and boutique shops. The hotel room was lovely and light and very spacious (we had a studio suite) very clean and stylishly decorated. Staff are very helpful, the refreshing towels on check in is a nice touch. And if you don't fancy walking there's a taxi rank right outside.	
May 19 2009 	Great Hotel - shame about the service	Stayed here weekend of 16-18 May, having previously stayed at the Hotel a few years ago when it was the Clifton Ford. The Good:The refurb has been done to a high standard with lovely big plasma TV's and comfortable beds in a really clean room. Whilst we didnt eat in the restaurant or have breakfast, I'd reccomend the Girraffe and the Cafe Rouge both less than 5 minutes from the hotel. The Pool in the Virgin Health Club is lovely, but be warned the changing rooms are on another level of the club so I would reccomend taking a robe and pair of flip-flops. The Bad:I dont have seriously high standards of service but this seems to be the one area that the hotel consistently seems to be failing in from these reviews. First Strike (sat) - we called to get a pair of scissors and sewing kit sent to our room after a small wardrobe disaster, the sewing kit arrived without the scissors we asked for a pair of scissors when the kit was brought to the room however after about half an hour we ended up just walking down to reception to get them. Strike Two (Sat) - we are two women in our mid-twenties and asked reception for a number of a reliable taxi firm to use as we were taking part in a charity event which was expected to finish at about 4 in the morning, after a five minute discussion amongst the 3 men on reception we were given a mobile number and asked to phone 'steve or john' and they would come to collect us - surprisingly enough we took our chances hailing a cab - hardly the safest way to get round london. Strike 3 (sunday) - Made the mistake of phoning room service for a steak sandwich. Called at around 10 to 9 in the evening and was told that it would be with us in about 20 minutes, AN HOUR later I called back, the same person answered the phone and took my order again, when I pointed out that 'I called an hour ago and my sandwich hasn't arrived' - I was met with the response 'Sorry, you don't want chips?' - last I checked I hadnt mentioned chips.... I would stay here again and would recommend to a friend but only because of the great location and pleasant rooms, however the service was awful.	
May 19 2009 	Great hotel in an excellent location	Got a good deal for this hotel from Travelzoo and stayed 2 nights with my companion. The hotel is located close to Oxford Street - perfect for shopping! We were able to walk to Primark in 10 minutes, shop to our hearts content before the crowd descended and stroll back to our hotel to drop off our stuff before going for more shopping! After a night at the theatre, we enjoyed a 20-25 minute stroll back to the hotel and it felt perfectly safe.Breakfast was included in our deal, and it was amazing! The cooked breakfast was delicious, as was the continental selection. The orange juice and coffee were also excellent!The Marylebone hotel is a chic boutique hotel, very beautifully and tastefully decorated. We stayed in a superior room and though it was quite small, we found it to be adequate for our needs and very comfortable. The bathroom is slightly cramped and the water wouldn't drain properly in the bathtub after our shower. However, the modern decor, lux toiletries and large bathtowel more than made up for the lack of space. In any case, we didn't spend much time in the toilet, so we weren't too affected by the lack of space there.Customer service was commendable. We got to the hotel early and were able to check in with no fuss at all. The staff showed very good attitude throughout our stay and was very helpful in pointing us to the right direction. Before we got to the hotel, I had written to the hotel with enquiries and special requests and these were all dealt with very professionally. All in all, I was very impressed with the hotel and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone!	
May 18 2009 	Excellent location good value	We returned to the refurbished Marylebone for a one night stay and got great value for c. £125. The location is excellent, in a residential area, beside evocative Marylebone High Street and a few minutes walk to Oxford Street (W end) and its superb bus and Underground services. Reflecting the price, our room was 'compact' and the bathroom small - bigger rooms cost more. The minimalist contemporary decor is a great improvement over what it was. The relatively expensive buffet breakfast is good and there are nearby alternatives (e.g. Paul). All the staff we met were competent and helpful. The spa/pool/fitness facility is a big bonus for those who have time to use it.The Marylebone is a good value base, not a destination, and recommended to cost-conscious and experienced London visitors who like the area.	
May 18 2009 	Lovely hotel	Stayed here for a weekend, had 3 rooms booked 2 standard and one superior. Would definately recommend the superior room lots of space, large bathroom expresso machine, the other rooms were adequate but a little small.The reception very friendly and helpful, decor in the hotel nice, good position.We did not eat at all in the hotel as we were out from morning till night, but went for breakfast in the next street and found two great places.Used the pool early one morning which is a bit of a trek situated at the back of the hotel you go down in the lift, which you need your room card for access to the pool area.The only negative would be the drinks fridge in the room, we had fresh milk and put it into the fridge so moved bottles around, when we went to checkout i told them first what we had done, as the original bill had 4 items we were going to be charged for.Would not hesitate to use this hotel again	
May 18 2009 	Hotel par excellence have no hesitation in booking here.	I booked an overnight stay at The Marylebone through an online booking agent based upon previous reviews of this hotel. This was my first experience of a Jury's Collection Hotel. The hotel is located a five minute walk from Oxford Street and a similar distance in the opposite direction from Marylebone High Street. The High Street is great. Full of patisseries and pavement cafes, you're able to sit outside and enjoy the best croissant you'll find outside of Paris!The hotel itself is stylish and modern. Initital impressions based upon the greeting from staff, including refreshing towels, are very welcoming and professional. I had arranged an early check in by contacting the hotel directly and even though it was 9 am, this was not a problem and my room had been prepared. The room itself was of a very high standard with a chaise longue in the seating area, a selection of current magazines and a two plasma televisions. Tea and coffee making facilities, including the Nespresso machine were available. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom more than adequate. I used the Virgin Active health club facilities which I recommend to take advantage of even if just to sit and chill out by the pool with a book or in the whirlpool!I had continental breakfast included as part of my deal and this was excellent. Lots of choice of pastries, cereals, hams and cheeses with as much tea, coffee and fruit juice as you'd like! There is an upgrade if wanted to the 'full english' option.The staff in general at The Marylebone are pleasent and unlike other hotels go that extra mile to ensure your stay is a good one. I stayed at The Mayfair Hotel a fortnight before my stay at The Marylebone and although The Mayfair is rated as a 5 star hotel it loses out in many aspects compared to this hotel.In summary, don't be put off by negative reviews of this hotel, I'm sure there are reasons but my stay was excellent and having taken time to assess most of the hotel's facilities and the interactions with staff a stay par excellence is guaranteed at The Marylebone Hotel!	
May 16 2009 	Forget your worries - be happy	We stayed between April 23rd to 27th 2009 and had some worries based on some reviews we'd read. However we contacted the hotel in advance about our worries &amp; were put at ease by having a bigger room allocated and having the staff look after us exceptionally well. Yes the bathroom is small, sink, WC &amp; large shower, but hey your on holiday in london, why do you need a big loo?? The room although smaller than in other cities/countries was still big enough not to be claustrophobic and very comfortable with good amenities. Our safe didn't work as the last guests had locked it! The hotel offered us the use of the main safe, which was helpful, albeit a tad inconvenient! The engineers called out couldn't fix it during our stay. I'd have phoned the previous guests and asked the code number and saved a call out charge, seems logical to me!! Never got round to finding the leisure centre so can't comment, but the restaurant and bar were excellent with good food, large selection and also choice of beers and wines. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly! Complaints about the restaurant would be stop making it so cold and get new menu's, the lobster I wanted had been removed from the menu weeks before!! Still what we had was immense!	
May 14 2009 	Pretty good	Since most reasonably-priced London hotels are pretty poor, this is one of the best value options I've been in. The room I was in was smallish - the bathroom even more so - but pleasnt but the service/people were great. I would probably return. Complimentary access to the SPA cool too.	
May 14 2009 	Perfect stay!	We have booked a superior room for 6 nights using a travelzoo offer (105GBP including breakfast). We arrived at 2 o'clock in the morning and since we have read previous tripadvisor reviews we expected a pretty small room. We opened the door only to find a huge suite with a living room, two lcd TVs, workdesk and a big bathroom with both shower and bath. It was amazing! I do not know the reason for the upgrade and I did not even ask! The hotel is about 2-3 blocks behind Debenhams, about 5-7 min from Oxford street, perfect location for shopping. The english breakfast was great and the staff very helpful, even on Saturday when the restaurant was packed. The lobby and various sitting areas very cozy and beautifully decorated. The free internet is always a plus. The marylebone district is very refined, with pretty shops and cafes (we saw Paul McCartney at a bookshop there!). Oh and a tip: we had great fish and chips at a small zagat-rated restaurant across the street from the hotel bar! In conclusion, for the money we paid and the hotel class and amenities even the small room would have been great, so after the mystery upgrade our stay at the Marylebone hotel was exquisite!	
May 9 2009 	Good location	Reception on our first day was disappointing. Recommend staff take lessons from their sister hotel, Hotel Kensington. They had difficulty finding my second room reservation. We requested an early check in because of arrival at 0900. It was a Saturday which was reasonable for delay in having a room made available. However, it was not until I spoke to the manager on duty that a room was provided at 1300. The second room was not as expected. We were to have queen rooms and one was small with a double. Rooms were acceptable, clean with comfortable beds and surprisingly quiet as an end room (453). Reasonable value at 105 GBP under a TRAVELZOO promotion. Hotel has been renovated but still has a &quot;tired&quot; look to it. The cooked breakast was excellent. Corner of Welbeck and Bulstrode makes this hotel a little trickey to find but is well located for shopping (Marks &amp; Spencer, Selfridges, Primark) and many local and ethnic restaurants closeby. Would reconsider this hotel in the future after checking ahead and confirming rooms, etc. I must commend the manager, Ahmed Youness, on his concern and desire to resolve my dissatisfaction.	
May 4 2009 	Great location for shopping.	My wife and I stayed here overnight after booking it on secret hotels from Last Minute.We've always had excellent hotels and great value.The hotel was 5 mins from Bond Street station just behind Debenhams on Oxford Street.The location for shopping and sight seeing was excellent.You couldn't fault it. We arrived and the reception was very nice and modern.We were a little early and our rooms were'nt ready , so we handed our cases to the consierge who stored them for us while we waited for our rooms.Its was very handy so we went for a quick look round the shops.The rooms were very nice although we had a few marks on the walls which could have been wiped off easily.Nothing to complain about but enough to catch your eye when you walk into the room.The room wasn,t very big but enogh room for an overnight stop.You would struggle for more then a couple of nights there as there wasn't much storage space for clothes. One thing i was a very disappointed with was the bathroom.You barely had enough room to open the door and get past the toilet so you could shut it again.The shower leaked and was very low pressured.We didn,t even have any soap to wash our hands after using the loo.We had to use our shower gel!And there was no extractor fan so the minute you turned the shower on you couldn't see a thing as it steamed up.It was very clean but just too small.In the morning we went for breakfast which although was tasty was very poorly organised.We orderd a pot of coffee and a pot of tea as there was 6 of us.It took 30mins to arrive.We had to complain 3 times before it arrived.And when it did we had no cups.The waiters had to collect the old cups of other tables so we could have a drink.We then ate our breakfast as my friend went up for his full english,they had run out of most things.He was told to wait 5 mins and come back which he did.He rejoined the queue which took about 10 mins to get to the front of, but when he got to the front was told they still didn't have most things.He eventually got his breakfast 15mins later brought out to him still missing half the items.There was dirty dishes all over the place.The price for this fantastic breakfast?? £35 per couple!!!I'm no snob but for that price i was expecting a lot better then we got.And just another small thing,our cups in the room were filthy with old tea rings still in them.I think i'd stay here again if i was shopping,just for the location.But otherwise i would go elsewhere.	
May 3 2009 	Wonderful experience	My wife &amp; I have just returned from celebrating our wedding anniversary with a 2 night stay in the Marylebone hotel. The hotel had been recommended to us by my sister who had stayed previously. Am I glad we took her advise....... The location is perfect - just a short stroll to Oxford Street and Bond Street tube station. It is also close to Marylebone High Street which is quaint and has an almost village style feel to it. It is full of nice pubs, restaurants and cafes. It is a lovely area to brouse and enjoy at your leisure away from the hussle &amp; bussle of Oxford Street. We could not find one reason to fault the hotel. It was busy with a nice buzz of activity, yet the staff were attentive and efficient at all times. We stayed in a suite for the occasion which was spacious and well decorated with a balcony with views over the city. Breakfast was excellent and we had dinner one night in the restaurant which was very good. We will happily spend any future trips to London in the Marylebone.	
May 3 2009 	Dont bother not worth the money	My Husband and I stayed at this hotel on the 18th and 19th of April.We booked a deluxe room because of the extras stated on the website. We were extremely disappointed in the room, the bathroom was far from luxury, it was clearly a disabled bathroom not at all what we had thought we would find. The loo seat was painfully raised , no bath, shower for a wheelchair and emergency pull cords, not exactly luxury There were no instructions for the coffee machine so making it a useless addition, there were no bathrobes provided nor when I asked for some did any arrive. The carpet was badly stained in front of the television. My husband was at a meeting on the Sunday and when I arrived back from shopping at 3.45 I had to ask at reception for the room to be cleaned and fresh towels to be brought, unfortunately it was then too late to shower before going out again as I had to meet my husband.We both travel a lot and always look for good quality hotels, not what I would class 4 Star . Housekeeping is mediocre, would have asked for an iron but as the bathrobes hadn't arrived thought it would be a useless exercise, there should have been an ironing facilities in the room. All in all an extremely disappointing stay, certainly not somewhere I will recommend or use again.	
Apr 30 2009 	Nice central London location for a short break	Our fifth floor room was small, but comfortable, the decor and fittings were good for a four star hotel. I think that the joy of The Marylebone is the location. You are not particularly close to any single Underground station - but reasonably close to several, which means you have a good choice of lines - and destinations. Marylebone Village, has many good (and varied) restaurants, and several excellent pubs - particularly if you enjoy quality beer.The room was a little small for a long stay, but at £105 per night including English Breakfast for two (through TravelZoo.com), was good value. The breakfast was great, though I wouldn't have wanted to pay £17.50 a head for it. Better a short walk to Sofra in St. Christoper's Place where you can enjoy an al-fresco English brekfast fot £5.95.The hotel has some good relaxation spaces downstairs and a good (and popular) bar. I shall definately return, though the hotel needs to be careful not ot out-price itself. I feel that up to £90 room only or £110 including breakfast is enough to pay for a double room.	
Apr 28 2009 	Stay Elsewhere!	Room decor was dull (Deluxe Room) with filthy carpet. A repairman started bangingin the stairwell near my room at 8:30 AM. The bathroom was beautiful and the staffwas excellent but the location and the cleanliness were lacking. They advertise a luxury room that exceeds expectations but have not achieved this. Breakfast was good andonce again the staff was terrific.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great London Hotel	I have just returned from a 2 night stay in The Marylebone Hotel and I can only but recommend it to everyone. From the moment I checked in, the service I received was second to none. A very quick and friendly check in, including warm flannels which had been scented (with something I'm sure of but it was lovely) for me to freshen up! My room was clean and comfortable with a well stocked mini bar. My only little quibble was that the room (355) was on the small side (but I've seen smaller in London) but as I was alone, I had more than enough room. I also put the room down to the fact I had booked on a discount hotel website which doesn't usually get you the best room in the place! Breakfast was delicious, I was full for the day once I left the restaurant! Continental was included in my deal with cooked breakfast costing another £4 if I wanted.The hotel is ideally located for oxford st - only a 5min walk. I had hoped to go for a look on Marylebone Hight St (seemed less than 5mins in the other direction) but time did not allow me.A taxi from the hotel to either a west end show or to Victoria Station costs about £6-£10 depending on traffic etc. There always seemed to be taxis outside the hotel so there is no wait time.Check out was fast and a complimentary bottle of water was given to me to take on my travels - another little touch of this fab hotel.If you are looking for a luxury hotel at a good price - then stay here.	
Apr 24 2009 	Super-Duper!	I stayed for 17 nights at The Marylebone in Apr 2009. I was assigned a beautiful room, completely refurbished and spacious. The soft furnishings are of a very high standard, the bathroom opulent and the amenities provided top-notch. I liked the workdesk and comfortable workchair and really appreciated the complimentary in-room high speed internet connection. The flatscreen plasma TV was nifty too. I found the front desk staff to be particularly helpful, friendly and professional. The young staff working the breakfast room were extremely courteous and very eager to please. Housekeeping kept my room spotless for the duration. No complaints at all about the room, the hotel and the services provided.The location is very handy to Oxford St shopping and both Bond St and Oxford Circus tube stations and therefore all the attractions of Central London. However, because I was at the theatre on 15 of the 17 nights of my stay, Covent Garden or Bloomsbury are probably better locations for a visit heavily focussed on attending the theatre. But that's a quibble. Forget trying to use buses on Oxford/Regent's Sts at 6:45pm to reach Theatreland. They are mired in traffic. However using the tube (Central LIne)and walking from Holborn ot Tottenham Court Road stations will get you to most theatres within 30 minutes. All in all, The Marylebone Hotel is a lovely contemporary hotel providing great customer service.	
Apr 24 2009 	Superb experience	I stayed at the Malylebone hotel for 3 nights whilst in London on a business trip. I had stayed 2 nights in the Melia Whitehouse nearby for 2 nights but they were full so my company booked me to the Marylebone. Thank goodness. I had a huge and stylish room (652) which was big by any hotel room standard, never mind London. The corporate rate I paid was nearly half of what Melia were asking for and the room was more than twice as good. The breakfast is really good with all the produce from nearby shops, and the best croissants I have had in the UK! There are lots of nice touches (such as giving you a bottle of water when you check out to take with you) from the hotel which shows there is good and thoughtful management.My only slightly negative comment is that the service could be slightly improved during breakfast, sometimes it is difficult to get attention of the staff as they are very busy. I think they are busy squeezing the delicious freshly squeezed orange juice which everyone wants more of.Reception staff were good, check in and check out was a breeze and super efficient. Also I forgot to mention FREE INTERNET, which is so damn rare in London. Also for me to extend my stay was no problem at all.I will defeinitely stay there again, and would happily return with my wife for a leisure break, and the rates are really very good.One of the best London hotels I have stayed in.Steve	
Apr 16 2009 	Horrible experience. Will NEVER return.	My husband and I come to London often on vacation, and decided to try something new and stay at The Marylebone Hotel. We booked a Deluxe Room (581) for our last three nights, and boy were we disappointed! Apparently, this hotel was renovated not too long ago however you couldn't tell by looking at our room. The bathroom was dingy and mildew stained and the door was held together with duct tape. We had no towels when we arrived and had to call down to housekeeping. The carpet was pulling up near the bed and I tripped on it when I went to sit down. All of the &quot;deluxe&quot; amenities that were supposed to come with the room were missing like the Espresso Machine, robes, and restaurant discount. If I would have known that I would have booked a Standard Room and saved money. The furniture was all chipped as well as the sink in the bathroom, which also had what looked like blood stains on the faucet. The worst part of our stay was when my husband and I when to grab some lunch at a nearby restaurant, and about 10 pounds in coins were taken from out of our room. After that we had to check all of our belongings to make sure that nothing else had been taken. We both travel a lot all over the world and have never had an experience like this at a so called 4 Star Hotel. Housekeeping is mediocre at best and didn’t service our room until at least 5:00PM. Please book elsewhere, like The Intercontinental Hotel: Park Lane or The Cumberland. We probably would have had better luck staying at The Holiday Inn down the street and saved a lot of money!	
Apr 15 2009 	What a deal and a great find!	We got a special offer through travelzoo and decided to go with our son over spring break. We were a little nervous because although the hotel had 4 stars, our rate of 120 pounds for a deluxe room including english breakfast, a 20% discount on food and beverages, and taxes (no charge for our son) seemed too good to be true.Well it delivered!. Hotel is recently renovated (2008). We had a modern room on the third floor, big enough to comfortably fit the extra twin for our son. Expresso machine and tea service, nice new modern bathroom and a flat screen tv.The extra bed didn't show up on the computer, but it wasn't a problem at check-in. Also, they didn't give us the food and beverage discount voucher, but when we went to the front desk 2 days later they said it was no problem, they would take care of it on our bill (which they did). We got a free drink letter, and when I went to get the (one) freebie, and buy one for my husband, the asst manager said no problem, both were on the house (very nice). So when we had our afternoon glass of wine we went there instead of a pub. Little nit - they asked if we wanted a paper delivered, but didn't tell us at check-in that there was a charge.Great breakfast buffet with huge selection of food.Health faciliites are great- just note there are limited hours that children can use the pool.Location is great. Tons of great restaurants right there. We especially liked the Union Cafe and Cafe Caldesi.	
Apr 15 2009 	Nice room service unremarkable.	I stayed for one night at hotel in March 2009. When in London I usually stay at the nearby Great Russell Hotel (part of the same group of hotels), but a low corporate rate pushed me towards the Marylebone for this trip.First impressions weren’t great. The building is plain ugly from the outside, 50/60s architecture at its worst. Check in wasn’t much better, with a 10 minute wait and the sole receptionist failing to find my booking and not managing to raise a smile. In contrast to the tired exterior, the hotel has been thoroughly redecorated inside in conjunction with its rebranding from the Clifton Ford and is all the better for it. Whilst the corridors have possibly gone a bit far down the funky Malmaison-dark colours route, the room I got was light, airy and whilst the usual London hotel room size, felt bigger. The bathroom was small but had a good powerful shower and reasonable toiletries. So all in all a good use of the (small) space.I didn’t eat at the hotel or try the bar and checked out early in the morning, so I can’t comment on any of the other features. Basically, the Marylebone does what it says on the tin. Depending on the rate, I’ll probably stay there again at some stage, but I much prefer the other Doyle Group properties in London where I’ve got much better service and the location is slightly more convenient for the tube.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night. It was everything the web site said and more, really helpful reception, good size room, very clean. The bar and lounges were very welcoming, We had a full breakfast which was included in price, and if your like us and do like a good breakfast you will not be disappointed, very fulfilling.	
Apr 8 2009 	small room	Ye are just back from a 4 nite stay in marylebone. The room was a good treck from anywhere and as for the size of it..........The 1st day we arrived we got into the room unpacked all just so we could put away our bagsto have a bit of extra room. We lay down and I was unfortunate to choose the side nearest to the bathroom , a means of basicaly rooling out of the bed into the bathroom .The smell of sewage was just so strong it was bad, unable to open the windows I had to get out of the room ASAP.We met with Ahamad at recption and he said he would go and look,and would we mind moving room if he couldnt do anything about it, we headed out and when we came back we were stillin the same room and a fresh smell in the bathroom was what greeted us.We heard no more from anyone about the problem, Everyday around the same time the stinch smell would take over and by putting the bin over the gully hole in the floor which the daily cleaners did , does not get rid of the problem.Once more we complained and still no further on, maybe a busy weekend hindered our chances of getting any help.We paid a nice sum for the hotel and its our 3rd time to stay there and IM quite dissapointed that nothing was done to help us.Other than that as all we done in the hotel after that was sleep , its so centrally located its perfect, as we travel and have used the doyle group in all parts of the world I will be thinking hard about my choice next trip......	
Apr 7 2009 	Beautiful hotel in excellent location	Brought my mum on trip to london and booked here for 3 nights, was worried as the last hotel i stayed in london the room was soooo small. Anyways booked in here, got the best price on booking.com. Arrived and loved it straight away. Received hot towels on check in to refresh ourselves. The hotel has been renovated and looks great everywhere. Our room was lovely, small but fine for the 2 of us, the bed alright is a small double but other then that the room was perfect and lovely bathroom, great shower. We ate in the hotel bar and it was lovely and reasonably priced. Everyone we dealt with in the hotel were excellent.The location of the hotel is brilliant, 2 minute walk to Oxforfd street but yet in a quiet street and the surrounding area is lovely with some lovely restaurants and bars right behind the hotel no complaints about this hotel, really enjoyed our stay in central london	
Mar 31 2009 	Some good points but overall disappointed won't stay again.	I booked this hotel on the basis of 3 things: 1) location - it is a great location. 2) leisure centre and 3)experience at sister hotel in Cork. I had emailed the hotel previously to say that this trip was part of a 35th birthday celebration and had requested a nice room. As a far I can tell the whole hotel has been refurbished and the decor is lovely however our room, 144, was tiny. I visit London an average of once every two months so am used to small rooms but for the price we paid I thought this room was tiny. We could hardly close the bathroom door and we are both small! If you are a larger individual this is something to think about before booking. There was nothing special about the room. The bed was very comfortable but also small, barely a double. There was also blood on the bed cover! Apart from that the decor and cleanliness were good. Staff in the hotel and bar were polite and helpful and cannot be faulted however we found the leisure centre staff less so. The girl at reception barely grunted at us when we asked for towels (which we had been told by hotel reception to ask for at the leisure centre). Once changed we had to wander around in swim suits looking for pool as there were no signs or directions given. We noticed other people with robes but we were not offered any and did not think to ask until it was too late. (The pool is not linked to the changing rooms, you have to go out and down a flight of stairs to get there - not a problem if given a robe but otherwise embarrassing!) The bar is lovely but you will get much better value and choice in local, lovely bars. Overall I wouldn't stay again.	
Mar 29 2009 	Lovely Hotel in Great Area except for Leisure Centre Problems	Just back from three nights here. I went with my girlfriend to celebrate her birthday. What a lovely hotel. The room, although small, was great and the shower fantastic. The staff members were great and the bar was brilliant at night. I would love to return here again except for one problem. This problem was the leisure centre. We went down and and looked for a towel. The staff member mumbled something and gave us our towels. We went to the changing areas and then wandered around in our swimwear looking for the swimming pools. This was embarrassing. I had to ask another fully clothed couple on the stairs where the pool was. I actually booked into this hotel to use the leisure centre while we were in London (our third trip in four months). I'm already looking to book a place in Marylebone soon but I would be slow in coming here again because of this.	
Mar 18 2009 	Sumptuous Public Rooms Unbeatable Location 	We stayed here for 3 nights in March to celebrate my birthday, catch up with ex-colleagues, shop and generally over-indulge, and the Marylebone Hotel was perfectly placed for everything!Reception were very friendly and efficient - seemed genuinely interested in our plans for our stay - and we were up in our room, overlooking Marylebone Lane, on the 2nd floor in no time. The room was a good size - very tasteful decor - with flat screen TV, mini-bar, coffee maker, iron etc (no safe unfortunately - is that standard for UK hotels?), and what proved to be a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was small but perfectly formed with nice toiletries.Continental breakfast, which was included in our room rate, was fine, but I don't think I would have paid £13.50 a head for it.The business centre was complimentary and we found it really useful because we forgot to bring a laptop - free broadband access was available throughout.Public rooms were gorgeous - all beautifully furnished, some open, some tucked away - and we loved the bar (108 Marylebone Lane). We installed ourselves there every afternoon with a pot of tea to enjoy the bustle of Marylebone Lane - and most evenings too with a glass of wine. Didn't think bar prices were too bad - £4.50 for a glass of wine isn't unreasonable for such a smart hotel.We didn't eat in the hotel only because there are soooo many fabulous restaurants nearby to choose from. We invariably headed towards Oxford Street - James Street &amp; St Christopher's Place are lined with chains and independent restaurants both - particularly as our favourite Thai restaurant (Chada Chada) is in the vicinity. Next time we will head off to Marylebone High Street to see what culinary delights it has to offer.Yes, dear Reader, we will definitely be going back. We paid for this stay using Airmiles - but I enjoyed this hotel so much, that it could become my hotel of choice for my London breaks - even if I have to pay cash!	
Mar 18 2009 	Good- apart from the stench of urine in the first room we were given!!	We booked a room for two nights at the Jurys Clfiton Ford via a third party at a discount price so perhaps I can't complain too much. First of all, we checked in to our room which was on the small side although that didn't bother me too much as we were only staying for two days. The shower room was too, very cramped. If you are on the larger size you most probably wouldnt fit. On entering the room there was an overwhelming stench of urine which was due to the toilet leaking. How they could not have noticed that was beyond me but the fact that I got the room at a discount price made me think that they perhaps did not care that I had that room? I politely told the reception about the rpoblem but they told me that they could not move me to another room until the maintenance guy was in which was the next day. The following morning I followed up my call and asked for the maintenance guy to come along. He did and they did manage to move us to a much larger suite with a huge bathroom which was lovely. I cannot comment on the restaurant as I never ate there. The bar served very nice cocktails although part of the bar was out of bounds due to a ceiling leak. Overall, the hotel was nice and staff pleasant. it was just a shame that 50% of my time there was ruined.	
Mar 16 2009 	really nice hotel great location wonderful service	really enjoyed my stay at the hotelfirst of all, location is everything because you are near bond street station, central line in londonbesides that oxford street is a 5 minute walk from the hotelthe staff is extremely well trained, very friendly, helped me in my waysconcierge always ready to help you too with your stay around, giving you got tips about the tube and everythingthe food is excellent, from the restaurant to the bar, just greatapart from that, what they call `continental breakfast` is more of a buffeti felt really well treatedthe room, however small, is very nice, lcd tv, air, iron, hair dryer, mini bar, coffe , everything you neddyou can really sleep well there, I stayed for more than a week - this is a busy hotel - and I had no problem at all to sleepthe internet in the room worked just finei can keep telling you good stuff but you have to come and seeah, you have the spa downstairs with gym pool everythingdefinetely would come back again	
Mar 9 2009 	Very good value for money in stylish hotel	I stayed here recently for one night, from a Saturday to a Sunday and I made my booking through booking.com which all went very well. They gave me a rate of £113 including VAT but excluding breakfast which I thought was good, judging by the standard of the hotel. It has an excellent location, minutes from Oxford Street, yet in a relatively quiet street. First impression was that the hotel looked very good and it was nicely decorated in a modern and stylish way. The reception staff were quick and helpful and offered to store our bags as our room wasn't ready (we arrived early). The other option was an upgrade to a better room for only £20, and that room was available immediately so we went for that.Our room was a Junior Suite and it was great. Not as big as you'd perhaps think with the word 'suite' but ample enough with a nice seating area, good wardrobes, an espresso machine, ironing board, good hairdryer, nice desk, massive flat screen tv and so on. The bathroom was big and the bed was very good. The room looked expensive and was nicely decorated in every way.I can't really complain about anything in the room but if pushed I'd say that there wasn't really anywhere to hang wet towels in the bathroom, and, when standing in the bath to have a shower the ceiling is very low so a 6 footer plus might have problems!My sister noticed the elevators a bit during the night so if you are sensitive to noise ask for a room away from them.The staff were excellent! Very helpful, friendly and accommodating with all our requests. We had breakfast there (but not dinner) and that was also a very good experience. Nice looking restaurant, plenty of choice, great quality food and service with a smile.For my sister and I this was a lovely stay, in a boutique hotel that delivered on all levels. All in all I would definitely come back, and recommed it highly to anyone!	
Mar 6 2009 	Marylebone ticks lots of boxes	I liked this hotel - great location within Marylebone Village, near tourist attractions. I have stayed at many hotels in London which I don't have time to review but most top ones - Landmark, Sanderson, Metropolitan, Soho and for the price I would rate Marylebone as excellent value. It has had a refurb and also has a Fitness Centre and pool.	
Mar 3 2009	Unique and great location!	I stayed at this hotel in December and had a wonderful experience. The hotel is beautiful with a large reception area and several small lounges through the main floor. The hotel restaurant had great food although quite busy in the morning and the hotel bar was packed every night.I would recommend this hotel for first time travelers to London because of the helpful staff and because it is close to the underground and walking distance from some great restaurants,	
Feb 23 2009 	Tony Top Man	Just back from a 3 day stay at this hotel, really chuffed with our break. Hotel is ideally located with a large reception area which eases the booking in process.Staff are very attentive and polite.Room were fresh clean and airy and away from the hustle and bustle which allowed us to have a good nights sleep. The gym facilities are excellent again with impressive ,knowlegeable and polite staff who were on call during our sessions. Location can not be beaten and always glad to get back to the hotel after a hard day shopping and sightseeing.However Tony the concierge is really top man, he can hunt you down tickets for a show advise on shopping and transport and has a vast knowledge of the city.He always seems to be around of if not has just gone for a cuppa and will be back in 5 minutes to assist.This guy realyy makes the hotel work smoothly and added to our enjoyment. Noting surer we will be back	
Feb 8 2009	Nice boutique hotel very well located if you are on vacation	We were taken to the Clifton Ford as part of a Trafalgar London tour package. We are glad we stayed there as it is a very well kept, very neat and clean hotel, conveniently located close to Oxford and Bond Streets.The hotel staff was very corteous, the room was a bit small but still reasonable (if you are on vacation), the breakfast buffet positively beat our expectations. This hotel is priced under USD 300 a night (either the superior or deluxe room), making it a very good value-for-money option for a stay in London.	
Feb 5 2009 	fantastic location and superb hotel	beautifully renovated and excellent service. you will not do better	
Jan 7 2009 	Avoid	We were placed in the Clifton Ford by Trafalgar Tours for our Winter in London package. Right from the get-go there were problems! The first three days we had no heat in our room, and when we informed the hotel of this at first they said they could not fix it because their maintenance man was not in until the next day! Then they offered us the option of using a space heater or transferring to a different room with a different setup from the one we had that would not work for us. We had to opt for the space heater.Every day we never knew what kinds of towels we would have - most days we weren't given washcloths, and got sick of calling the desk to bring them up by the end of our stay, so we just used our hand towels instead. On the last two days of our stay, the maid had left us our dirty washcloths from the day before!On two consecutive days of our stay, our cards were deactivated - which we didn't realize until we had gone all the way up to our room on the 5th floor, walked down the long hallway, and tried to open our door (this after an exhausting day sightseeing). Not cool.Lastly, at the end of our stay we were surprised with a whopper of a phone bill that we did not expect! We reluctantly paid it because our airport transfer shuttle was about to leave, but we are going to be taking this up with the hotel.My advice would be to avoid this place. The only really cool thing about the Clifton Ford were their breakfasts, which were delicious and free (for us) - I'm not sure if they are always complimentary or if that was just an additional part of our package with Trafalgar. It was also in a good location (in our opinion), right off of Oxford Street - supposedly the busiest shopping street in London - and a 30 min or so walk to Hyde Park.However I would not recommend staying here! There is a Holiday Inn on the exact same street (Welbeck) as the Clifton Ford - if I travel to London again, I will probably try that place instead.	
Jan 4 2009 	great time !	I had booked to take my mum here for her birthday, we wanted a treat and to indulge in some Christmas shopping without the hassle of fitting it all in one day, this Hotel was perfect !After reading other reviews I was worried about our room and building work but we arrived and were given a beautiful, clean, spacious modern room. The mini bar was well stocked, lots of toiletry goodies plus robe and slippers.We enjoyed breakfast delivered to our room the next day before heading off for more shopping.!!The staff were all very helpful and friendly and the location was perfect, literally 5 mins from Oxford Street. Would definatley go back.	
Dec 17 2008 	Better than expected	Did a long weekend in London for shopping...Hotel was decidedly better than the Jurys in South Kensington...staff were very friendly and helpful - reception area staff commendably so.Room and facilties fine, bar and lounge OK - great location for shops, and competitively priced.Minor gripes about on-going construction work - very minor though. Only real issue was the swimming pool - it's not in the hotel but a Virgin franchise out the back of the hotel (who's staff were hopeless). Given that we booked the hotel to have easy access to a pool (and the pool had very limited access times for children - despite the fact that there was never a lifeguard on duty !) this was a negative.Overall, liked it, would go back and recommend it.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great room small bathroom..	Stayed at this hotel a few night ago. Problems: Major problem that our requested smoking room wasn't ready. Specifically asked for this particular room. Once given a room that wasn't smoking we were sent on a wild goose chase trying to get to the forth floor. Forth floor wasn't actually ready as it was still a construction site.However, once back in reception the staff couldn't apologise enough &amp; quickly arranged a new room that was smoking. Although the bathroom was small - the facilities and fantastic shower made up for the past hour of hassle trying to check in &amp; find our room. It's a great location, great staff &amp; would thoroughly recommend for those who are looking to have a weekend of shopping / relaxation.	
Dec 12 2008	Fantastic stay	From the moment we booked in, we felt &quot;at home&quot;.The staff in reception were the friendliest we encountered on tour - as were the waitresses in the dining room.Bedroom was comfortable - and cleanliness personified (as were the bathroom).I am a very discerning travellor and I can honestly say that there was NOTHING to complain about.On my following trip to London, I will again book into the Clifton Jury.	
Dec 5 2008 	Wonderful - faultless!	This is a fantastic hotel. I have absolutely no problem in recommending this hotel. The location is spot on - 3 mins walk to Oxford St/Bond St. Tube station. 2 mins from Marleybourne High Street. I've been a repeat customer at this hotel for years. The refurbishment has transformed the hotel. Sleek, clean, modern, warm, inviting. Some rooms are small but the majority are not. So perhaps the below reviewers were unlucky. The fixtures in the room are top notch - its the first hotel I've seen with in-room Nespresso machine!! This is a very comfortable hotel. The staff are very, very helpful and friendly, and the Manager deserves Hotel Manager of the year for the work he has done re the refurb and transformation of this hotel into a 4*+ hotel in Central London. I just hope the prices wont go up now though!Another plus with this hotel is the onsite pool/sauna/steamroom/ etc. Not many hotels have this facility! Its such a plus for any hotel - particularly for a London hotel. I rate this hotel as one of the best I've stayed in. 100%!	
Nov 29 2008 	Rooms are small bathroom is tiny but service is good	We were only staying one night to see a show so wanted a central location. This hotel is located up a street behind Debenhams on Oxford Street so it was central without being too noisy. We arrived in London early so went to the hotel where we checked in and left our luggage - our room wasn't going to be ready until later in the day.The check in staff were lovely, as were the porters who took our luggage away. When we returned laiden with our shopping we were quickly given our room key and the porter quickly brought our luggage up. We were on a refurbished floor and the room was very tastefully decorated but it was very small. I had read the reviews about the small bathroom and they weren't joking. I have to say it was the smallest bathroom I have ever been in. There is also still refurbishment going on and our room had no view as there was scaffolding all around and we were woken in the morning by banging and drilling.We had english breakfast included in our stay which was delicious. I found all the staff to be very friendly and helpful and the hotel itself is beautifully decorated. We didn't have time to sample any of the other hotel amenities such as the leisure centre and the bar.	
Nov 15 2008	Nice room but too small - there are better options	We had a refurbished room which was nicely furnished but far too small. The location is excellent but having stayed at Jurys Russell Street I would sacrifice the fancy new rooms of the Clifton and stay there instead.	
Nov 14 2008	Loved the personalised service 	We loved our stay at the Clifton Ford - aside from the excellent location just off Oxford Street, the hotel backs onto Marylebone High Street - a great area for restaurants - and even a playground for kids!Hotel service was perfect - responsive, courteous and very helpful. We sampled room service - more than once, we were so impressed - and also the Hotel restaurant. With its new make-over and menu, the restaurant felt like another place totally from the hotel. The only giveaway was that you could walk from your room to the bar and restaurant without having to leave the hotel.our kids loved the swimming pool too - great to be able to burn off energy to make for a relaxing night!	
Nov 4 2008 	great location cramped room	The location of this hotel is excellent for shopping as its only a 3 minute walk from Oxford Street. Its also within a few minutes walk of Harley Street. The decor in reception is very modern and there are lots of quiet relaxing areas throughout the ground floor. The staff were very friendly and helpful.Our bedroom was on the 2nd floor - in a way we felt like we were in legoland - everything seemed small - the hallway was very narrow, there was very little space to walk at the end of the bed and the bathroom was the smallest I can ever remember being in!!! I was terrified I'd slip in the shower as the glass panel at the side of the bath was very difficult to open so getting in and out involved some scary manovering. We ate in the bar on the night we arrived - the menu was good and the food was lovely. However the tables were absolutely TINY - there was barely enough room for our 2 dinner plates - we kept having to put anything extra on the nearby chairs! We are by no means large but in this Hotel we definately felt too big for the space provided!!!	
Nov 3 2008 	Great Location Hotel and Value.	Since I use this site to read peoples reviews I thought I should really add my own reviews to help people too. I read a lot of reviews about this place and was in two minds about booking. But I can say without any hesitation that I will definitely stay here again. I just needed a room for one night and have stayed in quiet a few of the Radisson hotels in and around the west end. But I was looking for something a bit different and with a bit more room. I can quiet happily report that there was plenty of room in the junior suite I booked. It was decorated very tastefully. Nothing over the top if anything a bit understated. But you can't argue for £170 especially as I only booked it the night before. And i've paid the same amount for other hotels only to have a very dark and small room. The room was huge it had a queen size bed and plenty of space around it and in front of it. You could have probably put in another queen size bed in the room and there still would have been space to walk around. I'm not sure how to describe it but there was a hallway before you get into the actual room. Where you can store your bags/clothes. This also had the minibar/fridge and a tea/coffee maker. You also have your own iron and ironing board. The hotel is located about a 5 minute walk from Oxford Street. And there are plenty of places to eat just around the corner. Literally 2 - 3 minute walk. We had free wireless internet access which is a bonus as well. The only small thing is that just like many hotels nowadays move anything in the fridge and they charge you for it. Now I can't complain as this was clearly labelled along with a message to tell you to bring the items moved to the front desk when checking out. When checking out I was charged for the items which i didn't bring to the desk. I simply told the guy at the desk that we didn't have anything and he took it off the bill without any questions asked or any hassle.	
Oct 16 2008 	Fitted the bill perfectly	We stayed at this hotel recently and it was fabulous. It is undergoing renovations - but the hotel lobby and our room were renovated and very nice and extremely modern. We chose this hotel for the gym facilities, Cable TV and internet facilities. All were excellent - the gym is actually a Virgin club downstairs in the building and it was great.The concierge was particularly helpful and went out his way to greet us and look for ways to help us. The other staff were also extremely helpful.The area is fabulous (very close to High Street, Marleybone). This is probably a business hotel - but it suited our needs perfectly.	
Oct 15 2008 	Just what we ordered!	Presently undergoing refurbishment to a high standard but it had no effects on our stay.Booked directly with reservations and she happilg gave me interent price and requested a new refurbished room and asked for any preferences. Sibel was happy to fufill any requirements for my needs. Very pleasant.Greeted on arrival and given warm hand towels to freshen up which was a lovely touch.Our room was on the 2nd floor and the new colours and design were nice and trendy. Only down side was the size of the bathroom. You can hardly open the door to get in and out of shower! Difficult for my partner of 6'4&quot;!Good tea and coffee facilties and full room service. The bar was shut at 1.00am which was a shame and early for a city centre hotel however room service were happy to oblige.Wonderful full breakfast was brought up on time and hot! Full breakfast at £17.50 was enough for 2 to share - perfect!On departure the receptionist was professional and we were given a bottle of water each for a journey which was another lovely touch.Overall we had a wonderful stay and the location was amazing - just behind Debenhams on Oxford Street.Everyone was pleasant and professional but the porters were the friendliest and warming. Will defintitly stay again and recomend to friends.	
Oct 13 2008 	pretty decent in great location great gym	Am frequently in London for business and first time at this particular Jurys. Am not generally a fan of the chain but this one was quite nice. Obviously great neighborhood, couple of blocks from Bond St tube station. Newly refurbished room was nicely appointed, although a bit small with a queen bed. Bathroom was also small and had no place to hang towels. But overall nice with the remodel and the price with a corporate rate of 140 pounds. And the gym if part of the Virgin Active group, so pretty good for a hotel.	
Sep 21 2008 	Superb all round ignore negative reviews!	Most reviews of this hotel seem pretty positive - I can only concur. Booked through Lastminute as a Top Secret Hotel (but I had identified it by some of the wording in the description). £99 for a double room for one night. The location is superb - Marylebone is without doubt one of the nicest locations in London - little compares to strolling up and down Marylebone High St on a Sunday afternoon, a visit to the Wallace Collection, breakfast at Bonne Bouch, etc. The hotel is ideally placed for all this. It is about 7 minutes walk from Bond Street tube, but in a really quiet area between Oxford Street and Baker Street. Some of the hotel decor is trying a bit too hard (in the lobby only), but the rooms are superb - some really great, high quality fixtures and fitting, lovely TV, incredible toiletries (in big tubes). The room was a little dinky, so I guess it depends whether you want to sleep in it, or do something that requires a lot more space. Any European will be impressed, although Americans will probably find it on the small side. Also, much maligned is that fact that there's a great pool and spa in the basement.	
Aug 15 2008 	Great Value 	We booked a family room with doulbe bed &amp; 2 camp beds. They were fine for our young children but would not be comfortable for teenagers plus.The main entrance &amp; public areas are clean and inviting.Staff on reception were obviously very busy but were pleasant and profressional. Booking in was quick and simple, although because I wanted to pay by Maestro I have to pay for the stay up front.The room was spacious (number 730) with walk-in wardrobe and the bathroom was modern, clean and spacious too.The staff also emptied the minibar at our request to stop the children becoming tempted. When we checked out it had registered that we had consumed the whole minibar, but the staff did not quibble this when I explained it had been emptied for us as soon as we arrived.Breakfast was fine and although we had the full English, I was stuffed on the continental selection available also.Location was superb - 15 min from Baker Street &amp; 5 min from Bond Street undergrounds.Best of all it was quiet as it is not located on a main street. I have previously stayed near Euston and never slept due to the constant roaring traffic.	
Aug 4 2008 	Fantastic	After reading the reviews for this hotel I was a little dubious about staying there - I booked a room through last minute as one of their 'top secret' hotels. When we arrived I couldn't have been more happier, the hotel was fantastic, really modern, clean and extremely comfortable and the staff were extremely helpful. On arrival at 11am (check in not until 2pm), we asked if we could leave our bags until we could check in later - however, a room was available so they checked us in early. The location was great as well, with St Christopher's Place just 5 mins away - packed with bars, restaurants and cafes. Full english was just what we needed the next day!! Unfortuantely we didn't get time to try out the pool - although we will be heading back to this hotel again to test it out! I called the hotel after making the booking and asked for a refurbished room.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great Location	We stayed here as a group of 9. The rooms that we stayed in were fairly small but clean and comfortable. The lobby and the reception area is lovely - clean and relaxing and the staff are friendly. It was lovely to come back after a night out and sit and chat in a small nook or cranny away from everyone else. The bar is also really nice. A small tip though - unless breakfast is included in your stay try go somewhere else as it is quite expensive - as far as I can remember is was £18 for a full English which was tasty but you could get similar down the road for £6!!Unfortunately I didnt get to make use of the health club, but others in the party said that it was very nice.What you want in London is a hotel with a good location.This hotel is about a ten minute walk from Oxford Street (you come out at Debenhams on Oxford Street) where you will find a tube station to get you anywhere else in the city that you need to go. If you are going to Theatreland/Covent Garden by cab you're looking at around £10.Overall we had a very enjoyable stay at the hotel and would definitely consider going again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great location and some really good points	We stayed at this hotel for a Saturday night birthday celebration. We had three rooms and the checking in process was carried out very efficiently and courteously. The location of the hotel is excellent and Marylebone proved to be a very pleasant corner of London within an easy stroll to Regents Park and Camden.The rooms are a reasonable size with good, king size beds. The bathrooms are rather too small though and they give very little space for manoeuvre. The bar and reception areas are a good size and, as with the rest of the hotel, have been recently redecorated in a tasteful, modern fashion. We enjoyed using the bar on the Saturday night and the following morning experienced one of the best breakfasts I have had since staying at the Marriott County Hall. The range of fresh food was very impressive and the fried food was very good and was kept well replenished. The staff in the restaurant and bar were extremely pleasant and helpful.The leisure facilities were excellent, with a good size pool.We would definitely consider using this hotel again, but the small bathrooms would have to be a consideration.	
Jul 2 2008 	Don't even try it!!	To be fair, the hotel is fairly nice and clean. Some of the floors have been remodeled nicely. It is within walking distance to restaurants which is also good. Now for the rest....We stayed for a week at this hotel for business. The sleeping room was the size of a closet. I had no place for my 1 suitcase except right in front of the door. The bed was comfortable, but that is the best thing I can say about the room. There was not even a clock in the room. As for the training function, the hotel was terrible. The meeting facility was completely inadequate. The AV equipment did not work, the ceilings were low, the lights were impossible to adjust properly. The service was non existant. If we had a change in schedule, the staff was incapable of adjusting the timing for anything. They did not even provide drinks with the lunches. In addition, the attendees of the meeting had to stand and eat the meals. They would not provide chairs or tables for them to eat at, even after we paid extra for a room to eat in. They also could not refresh the food on a timely basis. They also never cleaned the room during the breaks. We had to do that ourselves.I would never recommend this hotel for anything other than a quick overnight's sleep. The banquet food as well as room service was terrible. There was no selection and finally we went to Tesco's for a pre-packaged sandwich. Belive me when I say it was better than the hotel food.	
Jun 28 2008 	great location  lovely room	Would return, wonderfull location just off Oxford Street, friendly staff, and a wonderfull room on the second floor. Above average for the price paid.	
Jun 20 2008 	Expensive but assures a nice stay in London	This hotel was very comfortable IF you are given one of the refurbished rooms. They are spacious and beautifully designed. The hotel is well situated in the centre of London, close to Oxford Street yet the streets are quiet and the roads outside are not that busy. Restaurants are nearby too.  Service was impeccable and I particularly like the scented reception lobby and the little gift you receive when you check out. However, the rates are a little too high for what you get (I was on a business trip so this did not matter to me!).	
May 19 2008 	AWFUL BEDROOMS - No clear indication on website that renovation is in progress!	The lobby is amazingly modern and luxurious. Our room (444) was not!Clear that the hotel update has not been completed - and yet this is not made clear on the hotel website.Avoid this place unless you are confident that you will get a new room, otherwise you will end up in a time warp circa 1989!	
May 5 2008 	It's all about location	Stayed there for 5 days in April-May 2008. Dirty sheets, curtains, wallpaper. One of two elevators was always broken - had to wait for 7-10 minutes. No one cared to change burned bulb lamps in the corridors... On check out I was asked to pay for some minibar items that I didn't touch. Location is good though.	
Apr 28 2008 	Beautiful public spaces basic rooms and some service issues	I had a three-night stay at the Clifton Ford in January 2008, an unexpected trip booked by my employer. Reading the reviews here, I would, had time allowed, likely have tried to book my own room somewhere else. Having now stayed there, I am glad I did.As other reviewers have pointed out, there is something of a disconnect between the hotel's public face and its guest rooms. The lobby and several sitting rooms have recently been redecorated and are lavish and beautiful, with stylish furniture, elegant lighting, and a quite wonderful range of art books and recently published novels, memoirs, and other books scattered about. Soft chillout/lounge music plays round the clock, and the overall effect is very impressive.My third-floor executive room was perfectly comfortable, but after the deluxe first impression, did seem a little simple by comparison. That said, everything was spotlessly clean, the chairs and especially the mattress were extremely comfortable, and I much appreciated free high-speed Internet access. Closet space was more than adequate, and while the bath was small, it was well-appointed and, again, very, very clean.It was by far not the largest hotel room I've ever spent time in, and it faced a light court rather than the street, but despite all that was a good base from which to do my business and explore London. Quality of linens and towels was very good, lighting was thoughtful and more than adequate, and little touches like a hot-water kettle and selection of teas made it seem quite cosy.Service in the handsome breakfast/dining room reflected that throughout the hotel - young and somewhat slapdash, but willing. I had the continental breakfast included in my room rate and upgraded one morning (for 4 pounds) to the full English. Both were fine, but pricey if not part of your room rate. Dinner one rainy night was delicious (foie gras and lemon sole) and not out of line with similar restaurants in the neighborhood.The health club is a nice addition, well-kept and, at least in mid-afternoon, not crowded. The pool and jacuzzi were especially relaxing. At a corporate rate of 156 pounds, I feel the Clifton Ford offered good value and some real advantages. One of these, by the way, is the location - tourists should enjoy the proximity of attractions like the fabulous Wallace Collection and the shops and restaurants of Marylebone High Street, as well as the easy access to Oxford Street - even Trafalgar, Covent Garden, and Knightsbridge are, if not next door, then pleasant walks.	
Apr 24 2008	Great hotel great location	Booked the hotel through lastminute.com and had some reservations after reading the reviews on the website concerning the size of the rooms, check in/out and breakfast. Contacted the hotel before arriving advising we were celebrating our wedding anniversary. The manager kindly upgraded us to a studio suite which was very clean and spacious. The whole stay was very pleasurable from check in to check out with no queues at any stage in the process and the staff being very helpful. The location of the hotel was excellent and I would throughly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 21 2008 	More shabby less chic	The hotel looked very smart in the common areas, but the rooms were on the small side and looked tired and in need of a little refurbishment. There was an old TV in the room and an ancient heating/ air con system which was very noisy. The pipework in the hotel was very noisy at about 6am and woke us up! There was also no mention of the health club at all in the literature in the room, although it was on site.The hotel is in a great location for Oxford Street and Regent Street and in a good safe area with the excellent 108 restaurant on Marylebone street just 5 mins walk away	
Apr 6 2008 	Luxury depending on what floor your on!	I was booked in this hotel for a work course I was attending in London and had to stay over night. I checked in the hotel around 5.20pm and was amazed at the luxurious lobby and amazing individually designed seating areas, looked 5 star to me. Checked in was quick and easy and the staff were really helpful. I was in room 444 (4th Floor). I exited the lift and was greated with a bright colour red carpet and butlin looking styled doors. I entered my room and was not unimpressed but not impressed either 'Its only a room to sleep in'. The decor is dated and the furniture was old wood, my tv was perched on a stand in the room and the bed was small in the corner. The bathroom was ok pretty basic and old and my loo did not properly flush. There were 2 irons in the room with tea and coffee. I had a collegue also staying in the hotel and she was on floor 2 she had been there the night before and showed me around the lobby and seating areas, I was astonished how elegant the rest of the hotel was compared to my room, why is the lobby 5 star and my room 2 star?? After our meal she told me all about her luxurious room so when came back that eve asked to be put on floor 2, 'no problem' Well as soon as I stepped off the lift the carpets were new the room doors were modern wood and the room was AMAZING! All modern with plazma TV updated bathroom and gorgeous desk with white leather chair. The bed was COMFY! I woke up and thought I had sunk i'm sure it was a tempura bed! Breakfast was yummy, all the fruit you can eat ,jams, cheese, croissants, Fried Brekkie yummy yummy!!The hotel is slap bang in the middle of town central to Oxford st. We looked at the cost of room and was over £257!	
Apr 2 2008 	Still terrible rooms	Recently stayed for 2 nights iver a weekend. Firts room was dirty and terribly decorated. The bathroom light kept on going out and we were moved to anothe room. This was ok, but still very old decoration and not one of the refurbished rooms. Toilet flush didn't work so we asked for another change of room. We were told that there were no refurbished rooms left and we had to stay in another shabby room for our last night. i have e-mailed the hotel manager with a letter of complaint and am waiting for their reply.......	
Mar 29 2008 	28th march 08 not as good as reviews!	4 star not our room! we stayed for one night in room 258.not the cleanest ,the bathroom was grubby with mould on tiles and the shower was poor in operation! and the decor was tired with holes in wall filled but not decorated.the rest well ! lobby was grand and the staff were helpfull when our key/card would not open door &quot;twice&quot;.	
Mar 25 2008 	Very Good Hotel - excellent location and friendly staff.	I stay at this hotel as a matter of choice when visiting London. Its an Irish owned hotel and my original selection of this hotel started out as loyalty to the Irish brand. I have stayed here approx. 3 times per year for the last 4 yrs. I have stayed in similar hotels in London and have returned to the Clifton Ford Hotel again and again. The main reason is location. Its 3min walk from the centre of Oxford street and Bond St. tube station. There are lovely restaurants and bars in the Marleyborne/Mayfair areas close-by. The hotel has some negatives. Some of the rooms are out dated, old and in need of major upgrade. Refurb is ongoing and what has been upgraded is excellent. Some rooms are small - but it is central london. I have always found the staff very friendly and helpful and food in the new restaurant is good. There can be a wait when then hotel is very busy though. The Holmes Place fitness centre and pool attached to the hotel is excellent. Its fantastic to go for a swim and sauna after a long day in London. If you watch the hotel website you can get a room for 99GBP per night ex tax/brekkie. Although a minority of the rooms need refurb all in all this is a very good hotel in a very good location. I wouldnt stay anywhere else in London.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great location and the refurb has worked wonders!	I have stayed at this hotel many times for work purposes - great location, partic for Oxford St and the many restaurants around inc. St Christophers Place.The hotel needed a refurb - and it's getting it. The refurb'd rooms are fantastic. The ground floor dining room/reception etc is looking very good.The full english breakfast spread for an extra £4 is well worth it - excellent food and service.All in all, when the refurb is completed this will be one of the best hotels around.	
Feb 28 2008 	A real let down!!	We spend 2 nights at the Clifton Ford and what a let down it was!!! We booked one of the suites and payed an awful lot of many for it, to only discover the rooms are still set back in the 60's!!! This was really misleading because when you walk into the hotel it looks grand, really polished and very updated, this continues right through until you get to your room (the complete opposite)!!! We asked for an upgrade and we were advised that we had one of the best rooms, well I dread to think what the others were like!!! Really really disappointed!!! Wiil not be staying there again	
Feb 26 2008 	Decent hotel in good location	We have just returned from a &quot;Theatre Break&quot; staying at the Clifton Ford. We had booked a standard double room but on arrival were delighted to be upgraded to a Junior Suite on the 4th floor as it was my husband's birthday. Room was spacious with tea/coffee facilities, trouser press etc,&amp; spotlessly clean. Also nice big bathroom with overhead shower &amp; plenty of hot water. The hotel is in a safe, quiet, area but there are a number of good quality bars &amp; restaurants nearby. Oxford St &amp; Bond St tube station are only a few minutes walk away,so it is ideally located for getting around central London.Staff were courteous friendly &amp; helpful, especially in reception. Only &quot;downside for us was breakfast service, as some reviewers have mentioned. We too had to queue for quite some time while the waters ran around like &quot;headless chickens&quot; trying to accomodate everyone. Definite staff shortage which I'm sure could be easily rectified by employing another couple of bodies in the mornings! Breakfast was included in our package &amp; was very nice but didn't justify the £17.50 price tag. Also the bar prices were a bit steep costing £7.50 for a gin &amp; tonic etc. But all in all a decent hotel in a central London location &amp; we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again in the future.	
Feb 26 2008 	Faultless	After reading several reviews prior to our arrival we were a little concerned as to what we could expect on arrival at the Clifton Ford Hotel. Suffice to say we need not have worried.The greeting from reception was friendly &amp; courteous &amp; the lobby could be described as chic &amp; elegant. We were allocated room 424 on floor 4 on arrival &amp; offered help with our luggage.The room itself was very modern c/w a wall mounted flat screen television with access to Sky Sports channels.We chose this hotel because of its affordability &amp; location, which was a brisk 3-4 minute walk from the hustle &amp; bustle of Oxford Street. Ideal as a base for high street shopping or to see a show which was the case for ourselves.We had continental breakfast included in our stay &amp; i was expecting a bowl of cereal with toast. However we were presented with an array of cereals, hams, cheeses, melons, pineapples, smoked salmon to name but a few of the things that were on offer.Overall a very enjoyable stay &amp; a hotel I would recommend.Should we ever need this location in the future we would not hesitate to book again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Ideal for overnight stay	I booked this hotel for a one night theatre break. Deals are available (£107 including breakfast) which I considered to be excellent value considering the location which is 10 mins from Oxford Street and 15 mins walk to the Palladium. We were not disappointed. Many reviews comment on the small rooms. The rooms are indeed small, especially the bathrooms but crucially they are very clean. Our room was obviously brand new. It appears that recent refurbishments have happened throughout the hotel but not everywhere. The lobby is flash but the pool area is tired and in need of refurbishment. The lockers do not work. The breakfast is good but spoiled by having to queue whilst someone tries to serve you a cooked breakfast. This queue was massive. This is the first hotel that I have seen do this and it is cying out for a help yourself style buffet. Don't let the small rooms put you off - you aren't going to spend much time in there if you are on a short break and this is what this hotel is great for - somewhere to sleep after a night out.	
Feb 16 2008 	Good choice for inexpensive 4 star in London	We have just returned from a stay at the Clifton Ford and were very pleased with our choice. Good service, concierge, reception, bar/bistro at 108 Marylebone Place which we sampled, all very 4 star. Guests appeared to be mainly tourists and mostly American. We were not expecting much as had booked a very reasonably priced overnighter with Superbreaks to see the Chinese Terracotta Warrior/Tutenkhamun exhibitions in London, but the value for money was great. Our room was no 485, partly refurbished possibly as everything was fine except for the old bath panel and a bit of mould on the bath - both of which could easily be put right - but apart from that it was fine. Large bed, big flat screen tv, mini bar, fine size wise. My husband found the humm noise from the air conditioning plant outside annoying but you are in a noisy city and it didn't bother me.Location superb, a nice part of London around Marylebone Lane and so close to everything. Recommended.	
Jan 28 2008 	Excellent stay but request a refurbished room !	Just returned from an excellent stay at the Jury's Clifton Ford Hotel in London. The hotel is superbly located, being about 5/10 mins walk off Oxford Street. Having seen other reviews, I was initially wary and requested a refurbished room for my 2 night stay with my wife. The check in desk allocated a room to me in the morning, although it wasn't available until after 2pm. We ended up on the 4th floor (424) and the room was clean &amp; tidy &amp; was Ok space wise. A comfortable double bed &amp; LCD TV was installed and the bathroom, although small was fine. Although we were opposite the lift, we weren't disturbed by noise from other guests. We booked Bed &amp; Breakfast &amp; I'd recommend others to book breakfast in advance, it costs £18 per person otherwise. The service was good and we had no problems getting our meal. The VirginActive gym looked great ( thats about as close as I got) and the pool / sauna / steam room where good too, not too busy. All in all, if you're looking for a modestly priced London break close to everything in a 4* hotel with a pool (pretty rare in London), I'd recommend the Clifton Ford.	
Jan 28 2008 	Beautiful Lobby but it stops there	Just came back from a weekend away in London. Stayed at Jurys Clifton Ford for 2 nights. After reading some reviews on the rooms I was abit hesitant about staying here and made sure to request a refurbished room. On check- in we were allocated a room on the 4th floor 449??? The room was dark and depressing, both the bathroom and closet doors didnt close, the double bed only had room on one side to get on. In addition our tiny TV on the floor didnt seem to work either. If this was a refurbished room I dont want to know what it was before, Requested a room move, which they did. Was given another room on the 5th floor. This room was much bigger and had plenty of natural light. But the decor was just the same, old and tired. All in all I would not reccomend this hotel, they have spent all their money on refurbishing the ground floor which is amazing, and left nothing for their rooms. If they have refurbished their rooms i certainly was not allocated one.	
Jan 24 2008 	A pleasant welcome from the Jurys Clifton	This was our first visit to London and we were greeted with a pleasant reception at the Jurys Clifton which set the tone for the rest of our trip. My wife and I arrived a day late due to plane problems so we missed our scheduled day tour and the reception gladly helped us plan out our day on our own.The location is in an excellent area within walking distance of Oxford and the main terminal for the open top bus tours.Also, they were doing renovations the second night we were there and the staff were very friendly and helpful throughout the whole visit.	
Jan 16 2008 	Disapointingly disaponted	This hotel has a good location - 5 minutes from Oxford Street.The rooms in this hotel are awful and small, no in room movies, old (small) bathrooms, 3 irons in one room (only one worked - weird) and pinging lifts.The ground floor common areas are nice.Definately would not go back.	
Jan 14 2008 	Modernised and Stylish	My husband and myself have stayed at Jurys Clifton Ford on two previous occasions so knew what to expect (the main reason we choose this hotel is its excellent location - 3 mins from Oxford St., so although its really close to the main hub bub and shopping, the street its located on is nice and quiet which means you can relax.When we arrived on the Friday evening we were very pleasantly surprised as the hotel have renovated and extensively redecorated the reception and downstairs area and added a new bar to the rear of the hotel (as opposed to the tiny bar that once existed) and a business centre with use of the internet for free... and, as it was almost exactly a year since our last stay it was nice to see that they have made great efforts in modernising this hotel. We could not fault the staff they were always friendly and helpful and there are nearly always taxis outside but if not they can have one there within 5-10 mins.Its advisable to ensure your booking includes breakfast as a cooked breakfast can cost 17 pounds, overall the breakfast was quite good, with a varied choice.We have had different experiences with rooms over our different stays but the room we were given was by far the best ,it was on the 7th Floor - views werent fantastic but were ok - room was quite spacious, queen bed, tv, minibar, safe, iron, kettle (tea and coffee), very small couch and table, very spacious bathroom with big shower and big bath, the only tiny drawback was the toilet flush was very loose but it did flush thankfully and also the shower cubicle was also quite large, overall top marks for the room (a Junior Suite).I would definitely recommend the Jurys Clifton Ford for a stay in London.	
Jan 9 2008 	Nice but.........	General:Very well situated, just a five minutes walk from Oxford Street (Bond Street underground station). Ground floor completely refurbished, very nice designed restaurant and bar. Bar:Outstanding staff in bar, the bar manager (from India but lived many years in Aussie) is one of the best I've ever met. Perfect interior, excellent wines, of course it has its price. But this is London so don't complain please.But.... The restaurant was absolute chaos during breakfast time. Due to shortage of staff and complete absence of supervision, only a few guests could have breakfast at the same time. The rest of the tables were overloaded with used dishes, food, cups, et cetera. Long queues waiting for a table where the restaurant was almost empty. It looked like a bomb had exploded, staff running around, virtually doing nothing, never seen this before. And this happened three times during our five days stay (27 Dec - 1 Jan). The room... Nice but out of date, needs refurbishment asap. The bed is too small for two (unless you have just fallen in love!) and caused strong back pains..Bathroom:Convenient but also out of dateLifts:Slow but all working:Gym and pool:Good but look much nicer on website... (good photographer!)Area around hotel:Superb!! Nice shops, bars and restaurants.Recommendation:Forget about the bed, the breakfast and some other details, and just stay there!	
Jan 2 2008 	Below Parr for 'Clifton Ford'	My wife and I were staying here at a meeting of past friends in London. The hotel is very central and easy to get to, reception was pleasant, but not the most efficient. We were using 5 rooms, all booked under one name. We were the last of the group to arrive, but the receptionist did not know which of the rooms had already been taken, and we were given a key and told 'I don't think anyone is in that one'.Room size was good. We were very disappointed that the bathroom door for the en-suite was so badly warped that it would not shut - hardly hygienic.Breakfast was extremely expensive, for what it was. Seating was difficult, staff very casual, not really interested.All in all very disappointing for a 4 star hotel. We will not be staying again.	
Dec 19 2007 	Nice place nice location - but ask to see the room first!	Spent two nights here (my annual birthday treat) and had a very pelasant time, after a bad start. The first room we were given was a bit scruffy and had 1 fully mirrored wall - very 70's! The TV was on the floor so you couldn't see it, but as we had paid a discounted rate (£89) I thought it was all par for the course. However, when we found the water in the bathroom didn't work I phoned reception and we got moved to a much nicer room, with a very nice if tiny bathroom and a LCD TV. Strangely both rooms had two irons and up to 3 ironing boards!The health club was very nice - the pool is a fair size for a hotel, steam room and sauna both very hot, and everything was clean and comfortable.The rest of the hotel is very smart and comfortable. The &quot;Business Centre&quot; appears to be two PC's with broadband and a couple of meeting rooms. We didn't have breakfast (£89 is room only) so can't comment there - but at £17.50 extra it should be spectacular!The location is excellent for shopping and tourism - just 5 mins walk from Oxford Street and just off Marylebone High Street, with many of the top sights within walking distance.All in all very pleasant - would recommned if you can get the price down.	
Dec 18 2007 	Looks nice in some parts - shame it's not the rooms!	The hotel was the cheapest non-Travelodge I could find in the area (£150 a night), and it claims to be a four star and looks really good on the website.I knew there had to be a catch, and there was - the rooms!Firstly, only one lift was working so we had to wait five minutes (no exaggeration) for the one that was working and then cram everyone in. A few people had gone off to find the stairs, but given up when they (and the staff) couldn't find them.I then got out of the lift and tried to follow the signs to my room number. There were two other couples also wandering around looking lost, and after I saw them coming back again and we tried collectively to work it out - to no avail! Eventually there was a shout from one of them, and they had found a secret, unsigned corridor with our rooms in it.The room itself was tattier than I expected - only slightly above the Travelodge I had being trying to avoid - and smelt of smokers.On the way back downstairs again, one of the people queuing for the lift (five minutes again!) found the stairs and we all traipsed through the bowels of the hotel to get out. It was actually a bit of an adventure in the end.In a very un-English way I actually bothered to mention all this when checking out, and the receptionist seemed to think it was quite amusing. I didn't....On the plus side, it is convenient for the West End and the bar area looks posh. There was a PR girl showing some press around in the evening talking some nonsense about the interior designer's influenences (Italy and Africa apparently) so we made a point of talking loudly and within earshot about how disappointed we were with our rooms. They quickly moved on....!	
Dec 11 2007	Good location - poor room	I was dissapointed with the 'Junior Suite' booked via Lastminute.com. and have complained only to have received a £40 pound refund; still pricey for what we got as far as the standard of the room.It was not a suite - it was just a rather large, fairly old fashioned affair with peeling wallpaper and frayed carpets on the corridor leading up to it. Oddly, It had two irons/ironing boards, 4 chairs (for a twin bedded room?) and the tiny tv was so far away from the bed that you need to get out of bed to use the remote control.I guess they charge so much (even at weekends) because of the good location.I would not stay here again for the £300 pounds we paid for two week-end nights. We did not have any meals in the hotel as there are some lovely places to eat in the area, including early breakfast places.	
Nov 22 2007 	enjoyable stay	Stayed at the clifton ford for 5 nights on business.Executive rooms excellent.Room service excellent.Breakfast busy after 7.45am, but service swift and friendly (also very attractive young waitresses).Health club best you will find in a london hotel although busy after 4pm.Location could'nt be better, close enough to everything but also not in a jam packed vacinity.Bar pricey but classy.I would stay there again (if the company are paying!!)	
Nov 16 2007 	Perfectly adequate great health club facilities reasonable for price	Main reason for choosing the CF was the health club and experience during previous visit, there are few hotels so well located with such good sports facilities. We checked in at 2pm and room was ready, it was room 392 on the 3rd floor. It was quite spacious with usual amenties one would expect. The air conditioning did not work, however we were not concerned with this because the room was a comfortable temperature. After a great thai meal at Patara in Soho, (would recommend, was superb), we had a couple of drinks in the hotel bar before going to bed. Although drinks were pricey as to be expected, the atmosphere was nice and not stuffy as some London hotels can be.Breakfast was perfectly adequate, and a wide choice. Hot menu was not self serve, but specifics were available upon request. I booked on a bed and breakfast basis but was advised only a continental breakfast was included in the price - was therefore charged £4 per person supplement for full EB. Why not just put it on the room charge? Not a big deal though. Breakfast is busy and we did have to wait a few minutes for the table... again not a big issue but not entirely necessary (tables free, but just not cleared or set).A really great bonus was that we were able to have a late checkout on Sunday (3pm) which meant that we didn't have to rush to vacate the room....had a leisurely breakfast...followed by a stroll down regent street, bit of shopping, quick workout and swim in the health club and check out. Superb!! This was at no extra cost!! Bonus!Overall a good value sound hotel for the money. Superb Health club with great gym CV machines and free weights. Lovely swimming pool withjacuzzi, steam room and sauna. A real treat after lots of walking around the city. Would use the Clifton Ford again. Those who haven't given such good reviews must have been allocated really rubbish rooms,and expected silk for the price of cotton. Great location and for the price (£130, but if I had of booked earlier could of got rate of £99 with late rooms dot com.) a good choice. Would stay again. :-)	
Oct 28 2007 	Great location but not impressive service	We stayed at this hotel 12th to 17th October.Upon our arrival, we asked for a refurbished room - and got one on the 2nd floor (room 252).Our first impression was a good looking room, but on the small side. The bathroom was very tiny. We have problems to understand how they can build such small bathrooms, as we had problem to lock the door from the inside. (Please note we are not big people) The next day we asked for a new room with a larger bathroom, but were told that all bathrooms were at the same size, except from suites etc. We could not be upgrade without further expenses, so we stayed.We found that the aircondition did not work as it should. It was blowing, but impossible to get colder than 22C. We told the reception, and they should send someone to look at it. However, this problem was not solved when we came back in the evening. Next morning, we asked one of the roomcleaners to check in other rooms, and she found that other rooms on the this floor had same problem. The aircondition also made such noice, that we hade to switch it off before going to sleep.2nd morning we found a leak from the bath, which we reported, but was not fixed during our stay.We were not too happy with the above problems, and how the hotel responded to them, and when checking out, we went realy frustrated:They asked if our stay had been ok, and we told them no, referring to the problems mentioned above.Then they told us following: &quot;You should have asked for a new room, as no. 252 is not a very nice room&quot;!!!- During our stay, we also discovered that the hotel was far from fully booked, so yes - they could have given us another room.We didn't make any further discussion, but have decided not to stay at this hotel in the future.We normally visit London 3 - 4 times each year, and our knowledge re the hotel-standard are quite good. Jurys Clifton Ford is marked as a 4 star hotel, but sorry to say - we found it more like a 3 star hotel.When visitors have something to remark, hotels normally respond poitively - and hopefully Jurys Clifton Ford will improve.	
Oct 21 2007 	Nice hotel	I stayed at the hotel for 1 night and found the hotel clean and comfortable, we were on the 2nd floor and the room was clean and big enough for 2 people, there was an iron and hairdryer supplied in the room. we stayed here as we came to london to see grease and could walk to the theatre in about 20mins, the tube station is also near by, i wouldn't hesitate going back to this hotel if i was going back to london.	
Oct 15 2007	Jurys Clifton Ford. Good and bad	Not cheap (140 pounds for a double) but by London standards pretty average for the location, which was great: very close to Oxford Street etc. The reception area had been renovated and was smart and the reception staff and concierge efficient and helpful. The room was quiet (which I asked for) and reasonable in terms of size, though slightly outdated and could have do with an overhaul at some point.The bathroom was average but the water pressure in the taps appalling (shower ok). I did point this out to the reception staff but no compensation was offered and I didn't push this. Overall I would say this place was satisfactory but nothing special, but for taking into account the price and location, anything better would probably cost more.	
Oct 2 2007	Very Nice London Hotel	We stayed here as part of a tour group. The hotel was very nice, the breakfast was good, the staff was friendly and helpful and the location was pretty good. There were some nice little pubs and restaurants right there, and it's a short walk to the tube, so no complaints.	
Oct 2 2007 	Don't bother!!! Seriously!!!	Four of us were in London Sat 29th - Monday 1st Oct to see Paul Weller in concert. We specifically booked this Hotel for its location and health club facilities.Arrived at 17.30 to be told they were &quot;overbooked&quot; which then mysteriously changed to &quot;maintenance work&quot;?! and we were being moved to their sister Hotel in Kensington for the night then back to cliffton ford on the Sunday. As you can imagine we were NOT amused! Told nothing they could do from staff with very broken English who's customer service was poor. We told them they would be paying for all our cab fares which the 'deputy manager' did not agree to until the guest relations manager came and quickly told us that would not be a problem. After waiting 20 mins for a cab we asked what was happening and were told the concierge was at the end of the street trying to get us one! We ended up getting one ourselves quicker to then be told it was Islington not kensington we were going to - 30 mins away! Took us forever to get there and when we did once again there was a problem with our rooms. A few phone calls later and a complimentary round of drinks by a very nice Irish member of staff we checked in to our rooms. NEARLY 3HRS LATER!!!!! We'd wasted all that time plus we were nowhere near where we wanted to be so ended up staying round Islington for the night.Got back to Cliffton ford on the Sunday 11.15am after waiting 45mins for the taxi to be told we'd had our rooms upgraded - 1 rm was fine (executive double) the other, a twin, smoking rm not accepteble. We told them we wanted a double, non-smoking room that we had originally booked by the time we got back from our concert that night - Do you think 11 hrs was enough time to have that sorted?? NOPE! Got back at approx 22.30 Sunday night and they still hadn't moved our stuff to another room. For our inconvenience they then 'upgraded' us to a suite which was like walking in to a time warp - old and dingy is not the word. By this time however we'd had such an amazing day/night that we just went straight to the Hotel bar (which is actually very nice) and drank til dawn - it shut when we left...ha!Breakfast was complimentary and very nice but even that did not go without problems. Our friends were told they'd have to pay extra as their names were not on the list - what a joke! They didn't get a penny!Overall - Poor communication, needs not met, we needed this location and were sent further away, couldn't use the health club as the sister hotel did not have the same facilities, concierge and other staff disinterested. POOR SERVICE! - WON'T BE GOING THERE AGAIN!!!	
Sep 15 2007 	Location Great but room small!	My husband and I stayed at Jury's Clifton Ford from 4th - 8th September. This was our first trip to London, and we wanted to stay in a central location, from which we could walk to most places.Having read all the reviews on TA (after booking and paying in full!), I was a little nervous that I had made a bad choice. 3 days before we left for London, I e-mailed the hotel via the Jury's Dolyle website, to say that I was a little concerned about some of their reviews and asked for their reassurances that I hadn't chosen the wrong hotel. To date, I haven't had a reply!!When we arrived at the hotel we found the check-in staff friendly and efficient. Our room was on the 2nd floor and was tiny! I had booked a standard double and got a good rate, that included breakfast, on travelsupermarket.com, so we really weren't expecting much more. The bathroom was the smallest hotel room bathroom I've ever seen!! However, having said all that, the room and bathroom were spotless and other than sleeping and showering, we were gone from 10 am to 11+pm everyday.We ate in the hotel restaurant on our 1st night. We had received a 50% discount voucher from them earlier that day, so we decided to give it a try. It was very nice - good menu, attentive staff, great service and food - couldn't fault it. We didn't drink in the bar at all, so can't comment on that. However, we did find a lovely little local pub just down the street, where we enjoyed some local hospitality! The breakfast buffet was quite good - the selection of fresh fruit could have been better, but that's really the only fault I found with it. Again, the staff were friendly and efficient and the service was good.Despite, bringing our swimming gear with the intention of using the Health Club, we never even got around to looking at it, so can't comment on that.The hotel's location is great! We found that we were able to walk to all the attractions that we wanted to see and didn't need to use the bus or tube at all. Having said that, we do like to walk and a distance like 40-45 minutes from Westminster Bridge back to the hotel doesn't bother us - I know this wouldn't suit everyone. Oxford St was just 3 - 4 minutes away, close to the Regent St junction and between the hotel and Oxford St is St Christopher's Place - a gorgeous little pedestrianised area of restaurants, cafe's, etc, where there was a great atmosphere.All in all, we had a very enjoyable time in London and would stay in this hotel again if I got the same good rate.	
Sep 5 2007 	Nice modern hotel	Just returned from a two night stay with 3 friends. Hotel is fairly well located, near to tube etc. although have been spoiled a few times by staying in hotel right on oxford street so felt the walk was a little bit far especially in the rain .... The rooms are a little on the small side especially the bathroom. You can barely turn around in them and to get in and out of the shower was a bit dangerous to say the least. My mother is quite a small woman and even she had difficulty. So if you are a big person i would advise you check with the hotel before booking, as some of the other reviewers seem to have got larger bathrooms.Staff are nice and helpful, didn't eat in hotel so can't comment on food, but drink a bit pricy..Overall a nicely decorated hotel, but they seem to have a problem with their lifts, not working and other very slow, we used the stairs which was quite hard to find.	
Aug 29 2007 	Get a refurbished room and you're OK...	The trick is to get a refurbished room. We had a nice, modern, clean room with good available space to move around in on the 3rd floor. Bathroom was small - but what do you expect for London and the £200 that we paid for B&amp;B for 2 people for 2 nights over a weekend through Superbreak..? All staff were friendly and helpful. The location is great for a city break with lovely restaurants nearby on James Street and parallel streets. Tesco Metro is just round the corner for those last minute 'essentials' i.e. bottles of wine... don't touch the hotel bar unless you are very wealthy!	
Aug 22 2007 	Average Hotel - Upscale for London - Location Location Location	Stayed here with my Wife and daughter, on the recommendation of a friend. A bit pricey for my taste, but it's all about the location. The rooms were average for the US, comparable to a Marriott or Amerisuites, we reserved the &quot;Studio Suite Queen Bed-Lounge Area-Aircon Modem-Minibar-Tea/Coffee-Pants Press-VMail&quot; for a bit extra. Top floor, which was a bit of a challenge with Hallways and Luggage and a 4 year old. Nice Hotel, Small TV, and limited amenities. Bathroom large an Spacious. Recently refurbished, they're still working on the front facade. All in all, for the location, and lack of need to tube it/taxi it in London, the price represented the market. 5 to 10 minute walk from Bond Street Station, nice pubs/restaurants 2 to 5 minutes away. For our needs, business for me, shopping/people watching for the girls, it worked well indeed. Bar/Restaurant a bit pricey, walk around the corner for a good London feel.	
Aug 5 2007 	Not impressed	Stayed here for 1 night to see a show. Location is great but nothing else really impressed me.On arrival at 3.30pm our room was not ready. Not a good start. After quite a wait with more blips along the way we were upgraded to a suite. Was nice enough but tired and worn looking with ripped carpet.Breakfast was ok but the restaurant couldn't cope and long queues built up.Drinks cost a small fortune!None of the staff seemed to smile.Building work was going on and I took the stairs one morning only to get to the ground floor and the doorway was boarded up! So tried the other staircase and found that there was no access to the ground floor or reception! Mystified! Woud hate to think what would have happened if the fire alarm had gone off in the middle of the night!Wouldn't stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great Location and Comfortable Room	I recently stayed at the Clifton Ford Hotel for 8 nights while in London on business. Being a spoiled, pampered North American I absolutely wanted a hotel that had air conditioning - a somewhat rare commodity in the UK. Quite frankly, I have some difficulty understanding some of the many negative recent reviews. Yes, the rooms are not large by North American standards however my Standard Single room was very comfortable. First, the bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've encountered. The pillows were plush and the linen on the duvet very fine. The room and bathroom were both spotless and had the appearance of recently being upgraded in the last year or so. Entertainment included a small flat screen television on cable. I did not use the restaurant or health club so cannot comment on them. So, bottom line... the hotel is rated a 4-star. By European standards this hotel exceeded most of a similar rating. Oh yes - one more thing, the location. I found it to be accessible to nearly everything. It's about a 5 minute walk to the Bond Street tube station on Oxford Street, about 20 minutes to Piccadilly Circus and 30 minutes to Leicester Square. I saw a play in the West End each evening and felt perfectly safe while walking back to the hotel. I would not hesitate to stay here again and strongly recommend the hotel. At the business rate of 155 pounds sterling it was favourably competitive compared to other hotels centrally located.	
Jul 16 2007 	An average hotel	I would rate this hotel as average, definitely 3 star rather than 4 as far as the rooms are concerned. Room a little on the small side although probably normal for London - I thought the room was in need of refurbishment and the bed not the most comfortable I've ever experienced. However the room was clean at least. The location with the biggest plus as only a 5 minute walk to Bond St tube station. My biggest gripe was customer service, especially house keeping. Twice requested extra bath towels - never arrived - and our request for ice was also twice ignored - there are no ice machines in corridors nor an ice bucket in the room! Overall great location, reasonable price (£100 pn) for London but don't expect any level of customer service!!	
Jun 15 2007	Let down by the details	The Jury Clifton Ford offered us good and friendly service, however, this was let down by the following:- a very small room big enough only for the bed and one bedside table (i.e. the bed was squashed against the wall)- the toilet wouldn't flush properly- the television set was not tuned- the telephone didn't work even though it was connected- the bathtub was stainedThese are not problems that we would expect from a four star hotel.	
May 29 2007 	Good Location	Stayed here for a long weekend over the bank holiday. Location is spot on for easy access to the centre of London. Oxford St less than 5 mins walk away.Hotel rooms have been modernised to good standard (marble in bathrooms) - the reception and lounges still having some character though. Check in and out was easy - we checked in early with no problems and check out time is 12. We were on the 3rd floor and room was quiet and had everything we needed - tv/coffee/hair dryer/iron/mini bar/toiletries etc. Only small problem with room was a toenail left on the bedroom floor - but this could happen anywhere I guess - maybe the vacuum cleaner was broken!!!Pool and spa nice - but hotel guests don't get a lockable cupboard to put your clothes/valuables in whilst in the pool. Only virgin club members are given a lock! So you take the chance that someone won't help themselves to your stuff whilst your relaxing. Maybe it's me - but in a big city I don't trust anyone - 4* hotel or not!All in all I'd recommend the hotel if you get it at the right price - we booked through lastminute.com and got 2 nights for £150, the reception was advertising £225 a night!!!!!!	
May 13 2007 	Great location pity about the room	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights while on a training course for my company. The hotel does not look very nice from the outside, although it is very close to Bond Street tube station and very easy to find. The check-in was difficult as the receptionist didn't seem to speak English very well.My room was on the second floor. It was small and cramped due to too much furniture in a small room. The worst thing was that it was a dull yellow. I thought it might be because this was a smoking room (due the ash tray next to the bed) and the paint would have masked the smoke stains. I was never asked if I would like a smoking/ non-smoking room. Other than this, the room was mostly clean and the towels/ sheets were kept fresh. There was an internet connection, ironing board with iron, mini bar, kettle, tv, desk and heater/air con unit (which was large and ugly in centre of room). Unfortunately the room was very noisy due to thin windows, so could hear the traffic and rubbish vans outside.The best things about the hotel were the location and the health club. The hotel is very close to Oxford Street and St Christopher's Place, where there are lots of good shops and restaurants. I would recommend this area of London.The health club attached to the hotel was owned by Virgin Active. It had a large gym and a 16m swimming pool which is perfect to relax in at quiet times. It is open until 10pm at night. There was also a jacuzzi, sauna, and steam room. These are all free to use for hotel guests. The health club is kept very clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful.I didn't use the restaurant, as the menu looked very limited for vegetarians.Checkout was quick and easy in the morning. I left my bag and picked up later in the day. The staff were very helpful with this. Overall, I would stay in this hotel again, but I would be more specific about the room that I wanted.	
May 11 2007 	Good Hotel for Central London	We had a good sized corner room for two adults and a baby. The room was clean and in good repair with ironing board &amp; iron, safe, hairdrier, spare pillows, safe, internet connection (albeit @ £5 / hour or £10 / day), hot drinks facilities, TV, and fridge/minibar. Check in was relatively quick but there was a queue on most days as I left the hotel in the morning. The minibar was an issue as it automatically clocked up a sale if anything was disturbed, a bit of a problem with a 2yr old in the room. The restaurant was also not very child friendly as they did not offer a child seat and then asked if we could keep the daughter seated towards the end of the two hours it took to get served a two course meal. They also refused to admit her to the adjacent bar area despite it only being 8:30pm. There are better and cheaper places to eat localy than the resaurant. Most of the staff were very child friendly and looked after her well On the whole a good hotel.	
May 6 2007	Great place to stay	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the room (although it was small) and the contents eg good bed and bedding. Only quibble would be the poor-fitting double glazing which wasn't as effective as it might have been but the noise was not enough to disturb my sleep.Breakfast was a delight, with good food and enthusiastic staff. Which I hadn't expected since the breakfast is so poor at the Jury's in Islington. The Health Club (Virgin) is well above average for a hotel gym.	
May 4 2007	Clifton Ford was OK	We stayed at the Clifton Ford April25-28, 2007. It was ok for the money, but carpets and furniture need to be refreshed and brightened up.However, the worst thing about our stay was the attitude of the Reception people--especially the women. They were snooty and most unfriendly. In 3 days, I never saw a smile from any of them.On the other hand, Joey, the Concierge, was a prize! He made our stay in London alot of fun by getting us a pleasant taxi driver to give us a 3 hour tour of thehigh spots of the City, and was always there to help us in any way possible.	
Apr 27 2007	Great	Great location in quiet area but 5 mins easy walk to Oxford Street / Bond St Tube. Fantastic swimming pool/ hot tub - only issue was restricted access with chif=dren - only a couple days a week. we had an executive room on 3rd floor - good size and vert well l;aid out. staff ok - not overly friendly.	
Apr 22 2007 	Great experience for family with kids	We were very pleased about the hotel and certainly would stay there in any next trip to London. In particular, (1)rooms are very spacious, 4 of us (2 adults, 6 and 1 yr old stayed in one room in a good comfort.(2)quiet area, yet .. see the next point (3)central location: 5 mins walk from Bond street tube station and Oxford street; 10 mins from Christopher's Place full of decent quality restaurants, 15 mins from Regent and Hyde Parks, (4)generally friendly staff, which aim to pleaseThere were few drawbacks, which caught our eye, but did not off-set the good experiences: room was little worn out, breakfasts were not great; rooms was too warm for few days, but we figured this was due to unusually warm weather for this time of the year.	
Mar 26 2007	Poor hotel	We read bad reports of this hotel prior to our stay but trusted the Jury's name. We shouldn't have. The hotel should not be 4 star. The rooms are tiny, shabby and in need of a good clean.The corridors are grubby with ripped carpets and peeling wallpaper.The reason we booked was the Spa but part of it was inaccessible during our stay.The staff of the Spa were unhelpful and unfriendly. They would not provide us with lockers (&quot;we only have 6 locks!!!!&quot; ) or admission to the hotel- if one of the party goes upstairs with the room key to activate the lift, then whoever is left can expect to walk around the street outside the hotel in their slippers and dressing gown. The Spa is not run by Jury's and the on-duty manager did not address any of the problems or accept responsibility for the rudeness of the Spa staff. The bar lacks atmosphere is tiny, expensive and closes early. The room service breakfast managed to be over-cooked and cold at the same time. This hotel is in a great location but its grubbiness and its staff's lack of interest let it down. On the plus staff the chamber maids were great- friendly, helpful and professional!	
Mar 9 2007 	Quite sufficient	I just spent a week here and overall had a positive experience. My room was small, but I didn't go to London to spend time in a hotel. It was clean, comfortable and meet my needs. The neighborhood is nice with lots of shopping and easy access to the Tube. They had a wonderful continental breakfast.I did find some of the staff to be rather rude. It seemed that everyone who worked there had a strong French accent and the French are not necessarily known for being warm and chatty. There were only a couple of these instances over the week though.I would recommend staying here.	
Feb 22 2007	A good overnight's stay	This was our first stay in a London hotel. The service was great and our room was ready early. The room was small but adequate. It was spotlessly clean (believe me, I REALLY checked after reading these reviews!) but I would say it was not in MY mind a 4 star room... needs to be redecorated. However, the hotel as a whole IS 4 star... it could all do with being redecorated, although the lounge area and restaurant had a real grand feel to them. My hubby enjoyed using the steam room, sauna and spa room. The breakfast was amazing... hubby upgraded to full cooked brekkie. There was plenty of food for the continental, though... lots of choice. Loved it being near the shops. Would we stay there again? Well, if we ever get another night away in a London hotel we would probably choose somewhere different for the experience!	
Feb 18 2007	positive review	what a wonderful hotel ,rooms were clean and comfortable.Staff helpful and pleasant.Very family friendly , my son and husband used the pool and found it great. The breakfast is to die for plenty of it and freshly cooked for you Location is brill 3 min walk to centre of Oxford st and 10 min walk to Tussauds. Plenty of places to eat nearby and quite reasonable	
Feb 15 2007	Terrible hotel	Really terrible hotel, they are lucky to be in the centre so you paing for that. Everything is old, smelly &amp; noisy . Had to change the room twice. Sercice is not good at all, breakfast in roomservice is absolutly terrible, everything is not freash., you have to ask twice before you will be serve,. Don't recommend , you'll be not happy there.	
Feb 14 2007 	Excellent stay at Jurys Clifton Ford	Just back from a trip to London and a wonderful stay in Jurys Clifton Ford. Arrived @ 10:00 on Friday morning and was able to book in straight away and relax in the hotel room before hitting the shops. Check in was very quick and the staff were helpful and cheery.The room was huge - three single beds, two arm chairs, coffee table etc. and still loads of room to move around. It was also spotlessly clean.We ate in the hotel the first night and the food was gorgeous, and the service was quick and professional.The hotel is perfectly located near Marylebone High Street, just five minutes walk from Oxfod Street.I'll definitely be recommending it to everyone I know.	
Feb 13 2007 	Good location and OK hotel	Jurys Clifton Ford is perfectly located, just 5 minutes easy walk from Bond Street tube station and about 20 minutes from Picadilly Circus. We booked a standard double but were upgraded to executive double (Thank you, Jurys!) which was very spacious for a London hotel. It is noteworthy that we got our room already at 11 AM and didn´t have to wait till afternoon. Don´t touch the minibar as this has electronic sensors. Funnily enugh the room had 2 irons and 2 ironing boards but no hair drier! Breakfast was ok, you can upgrade to Full English for about 3 pounds but I´m not a big breakfast eater and was quite happy with continental.The ¨¨Health Club´´ was just a little swimming pool and a gym with steam room and sauna. The jacuzzi didn´t work for some unknown reason.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great location only okay hotel though!	Booked the hotel for a week with work, three of us went all in our 20's.Check in was okay, when we got to our rooms we were all disappointed, rooms were not up to a 4* standard, none of us thought so. TV was almost on the ground in my room it was so low, i had three irons for some reason and two ironing boards. The restaurant food was desperate, the first morning we went for breakfast, discovered having paid 150sterling a night we didnt have included so asked for continental breakfast. it was 12 euros and of very poor standard. That night we got steaks and chips, the meal came out about 6 minutes after we placed our orders, had to request cutlery, then steak knves and were told the hotel dont have steak knives. Steaks wer eburnt to a crisp, all having requested rare steaks. We ordered tea and coffee and waited for 10 minutes after getting them for sugar and milk. We were no longer surprised to see we were the only ones in the restaurant even though it was fully booked!!Bathrooms were manky. Mould, cracked tiles, broken tap on sink. Went to bed that night and my room was right next to the lift and it made a loud noise every time it went up and down.But having said all that, you could not wish for a better location. Only a few minutes from Oxford street.	
Dec 27 2006 	Not so great	I stayed at the Clifton since it was close to a hospital where my husband is receiving care. It was a hassle checking in, as the lady had to find my reservation on another website, the delay was a long one. I arrived to find my room to look ok, though to discover pubic hairs on the room service menu, on the top of the bedspread and the bathroom had mold. I checked out and will stay at another place.	
Nov 16 2006 	A very suitable hotel for a London visit	I stayed at this hotel for three days on a vacation. Luckily, it had air conditioning in the worst heat of the summer! It was an easy walk to the &quot;tube,&quot; and to some neat little cafes. The room for three was fairly large (one of us did have to sleep on a rollaway, but it was very comfortable). Bathroom was very clean, and the staff were extremely helpful in advising us around a foreign city. Our only meal, breakfast, was delicious. Overall: nothing special, but adequate or better in everything it offered.	
Nov 14 2006 	Jurys Clifton Ford - Good and Bad....	Stayed here for 3 nights after getting a good deal on Jurys own website for what looked like a lovely 4 star hotel in central London with a gym and pool. Looking back what we got was a bit mixed, some good points and some bad.The location of the hotel is superb, just minutes from Oxford Street but fairly quiet and easy to access from Oxford Circus Tube.The reception area is lovely and the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. However, coming from Scotland where we have a smoking ban I did find the presence of ashtrays on the tables and smokers sitting in the public areas a bit off-putting to say the least. We were in room 635 which was billed as a room with a double bed, can't argue with that. However the double bed was pushed against the wall making it accessible only from one side or the bottom end which we found a bit awkward and cramped. Also the headboard was shorter than bed which looked a bit odd. The room was clean but a bit musty and smelled like it had been smoked in (I always request a non-smoking room). There were good points like the proper sized hair dryer (I hate those miniature ones you normally get as it takes forever to dry my hair with one of those!), nice toiletries, plenty of towels, tea and coffee making facilities, lovely white bedding, good choice of tv stations such as Sky Sports, plenty of coat hangers and a trouser press and 2 irons! Don't know why you would need 2 irons and a trousers press? Bad points were the position of the bed, wall paper peeling badly under the window, air conditioning/heating that did nothing, zero ventilation in the bathroom, no hand rails for getting in and out of bath/shower (I was ok but the elderly or infirm would struggle) and the general musty/stale smell. Think it is a room very overdue for a refurb and more suited to one person than two - probably why it was sold at a bargain price online, certainly not a 4 star room.Now onto the leisure facilities. Just accessing the gym and pool is a task and half in itself. We had to take the lift to the 5th floor walk down a very long corridor and take a different lift to the Holmes Place reception. You also need your key card to operate this lift which the people in front of us were having trouble doing. When we evently arrived at reception we were quickly signed in and given towels and locker padlocks. There is a gym which looked nice although I didn't use it. The whole leisure complex is a bit of maze and once changed for the pool you have to either take the stairs or the lift to the pool in your swimwear. The pool area is in my opinion a bit dark and dingy and doesn't resemble the website photos very much. The hot tub had no hand rail and some cracked tiles. The steam room was fine, there was also a sauna. The pool looked great for a swim if thats your thing. It was a bit busy and didn't turn out to be the relaxing treat I had hoped as the hot tub was a bit over crowded. Anyway think I have rambled on long enough, overall I would say the hotel is in a great location with some decent facilities, however, just beware if you book online you will probably not get a 4 star room.	
Oct 29 2006 	Nice hotel nice location - will go back	I stayed for one night and had a lovely stay. Having read the reviews I went into this hotel paranoid, looking for every little thing that might be wrong! However, it was a nice clean, compact room (I would not have expected a massive room for this price in London), the staff were friendly, the reception area was quite lovely and traditional (with a slight smokey smell).The restaurant looked really nice although I did not eat there and there were sofas all over the reception and bar area - really comfortable for an evening in the bar.The hotel health club was in the basement and was very nice, although could have perhaps been a bit cleaner (it was not bad at all though), and the staff there were great. Lovely hot tub too.The area was lovely!!! Very quaint and English, with cobble streets, coffee shops and boutiques everywhere. I would definately stay in this area again.Overall I had a lovely stay and would go back!	
Sep 23 2006 	good location but indifferent service	Only the location is 4-star, but for everything else, don't expect much. OK, I guess it is London where hotels are over-charged. But this one still feels over-charged. I stayed for 2 nights. Upon arrival, I was told that I was upgraded into a nicer room for free. Well, if this was the nicer room, I could not imagine what the regular rooms would be like. This &quot;nicer&quot; room is small with a non-functioning air-conditioner: nothing happened when one adjusted the temp, and there was no place to turn it on or off. In the bathroom, the cold water and hot water did not mix when coming out of the same spout! The room has a stuffy feel. The TV was old and needed extra manivering in order to turn it on every time. There are two irons in the room: why would I need two of that? Very little drawer space to put clothes in. The swimming pool/spa/sauna etc is at the basement. I had to walk outside around the building for over a block to get to its access. The facilities are functional, but the environment they are set in is so-unwelcome (kind of unclean feeling with junks piling up at one end of the pool) and with horrible lighting that I do not feel like staying for more than 20 min and would not go back again.The front desk service is polite but totally non-helpful (or with no intention to help). Never see the porters. Location is really convenient and safe. Lots of restaurants closeby. No need to take the expensive breakfast from the hotel.	
Sep 20 2006 	Sept 2006 review of Clifton Ford	Hotel location was very good - quiet yet convenient to Underground and plenty of resturant and shopping choices. Certainly felt safe in the neighborhood. Plenty of places that were in walking distance. Continental Breakfast was acceptable and on the weekends they offered a reasonable upgrade for a full hot breakfast. Air conditioning was not what we're accustomed to but we expected that. Housekeeping was below acceptable standards - I could not get clean glasses until I finally complained to the front desk and was required to contact room service (after 4 days!). I was also missing several cosmetic items from my bags in the bathroom. Weekend housekeeping improved so I guess I just had bad luck with my floor and staff assignment.	
Sep 1 2006 	a definate yes	Just returned from a great 3 day break at this hotel. the hotel is in a great location in a nice safe area but very near to Oxford/Bond St and all London transport systems etc.The reception and bar/resteraunt areas are really nice and comfy, though the bar is really expensive. Rooms are compact but clean with every thing you need for your stay. The staff, mostly foreign, are all helpfull and polite. Breakfasts are large and tasty with a good choice, accompanied by good service.Would and will return soon 9/10	
Aug 30 2006 	could do better	We arrived and noticed the lobby smelt very musty and smokey, we were lucky our room was ready, the lady receptionist didnt tell us when breakfast was, or what facilities there were and was very unhelpful, whilst the male receptionist next to her, who was dealing with another couple was very attentive to them and very polite. We had booked an executive room which included a bottle of house wine on arrival, when we got to our room we noticed no wine, we called room service and the wine was delivered almost immediately ( no corkscrew to open it though!)The room was small, there were black marks on the carpet and the net curtains all had rips in them, the chair had a cigarette burn in it even though it was a no smoking room, the room also smelled musty, also the seal on the shower screen was half falling off which caused water to go all over the bathroom floor. I asked the receptionist if she was sure that it was an executive room and she assured us it was, I asked to be moved but was told that they were fully booked and that was it.The next morning I again complained to reception and was told we could upgrade to a juniour suite which we did, this room was lovely and spacious but I would have called this an executive room and not a suite, still it was lovely and clean and modern.Breakfast was nice but we had to ask 3 times for a cup of tea and it was 15 minutes before we were offered one.The swimming pool looked nice but we couldn't use it as it was out of use due to maintainence which was a shame as this was the main reason we booked this hotel as very few London hotels have swimming pools.Overall not bad, location was excellent, nice and peaceful and easy to get to the tube (Bond St 3 mins walk ) which made it easy and convenient to get round London.	
Aug 23 2006 	Lovely stay in every way	After having read mixed reviews of tens if not hundreds of hotels here on TripAdvisor, we had almost lost our hope for finding a descent hotel for a descent price in a descent location in London - until we came across with this little gem.We booked two twin rooms for four girls for 3 nights in August through GtaHotels website. We got a nice deal only two weeks prior to our trip: 163 € per night per room, including continental breakfast.The hotel is located in a very quiet street in a safe area only 5 minutes walk from the busy Oxford Street and Bond Street tube station with good connections to most parts of London.We arrived after midnight from Stansted airport by National Express coach, which dropped us somewhere in Baker Street. Since it was raining, we took a short taxi ride to the hotel for £6.40. The very late arrival was no problem to the hotel, and we had confirmed this by email from the hotel a couple of days before the trip.The rooms were really pretty. The one on the 2nd floor was modern and had an a/c, lcd tv, tea making facilities, trouser press, iron and an electronic safety box. Bathroom was new and spotless and had the typical complimentary shampoos, lotions and shower caps. Rooms were made daily and were always clean.The other twin room that we had booked was on the 5th floor and its interior was slightly different (check the candid photos with the title &quot;Nice Hotel but had a few problems&quot; to see something similar). It had all the same amenities as the room on the 2nd floor. However, this was apparently an executive room, since it came with bathrobes, two irons, armchairs and a speaker in the bathroom for tv sounds also.Breakfast was very sufficient: coffee/tea was served to the tables and everything else (toast, bread, marmelades, muffins, eggs, melons, cereals, yoghurt with fresh fruit/berries) you could get yourself from the buffet table. We could have upgraded our breakfast to full English breakfast (sausages and something else warm, more like real food to me), but we were happy with the lighter menu.The only problem we had was, that when we turned off the noisy a/c, water started to drip from the ceiling. It also wet our bathroom floor, since there were two unconnected pipes under the bathroom sink. The dripping stopped as soon as the a/c was turned on again, so we did not complain about this although we found it a bit strange. To our surprise the pipes were connected with a shiny new pipe by the next evening, and after that we had no problems with turning off the a/c.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We left our luggage for free to the hotel after check-out to do the last shoppings on Oxford Street before leaving. We would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 16 2006 	Couldn't be happier with anniversary stay	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay in the Clifton Ford Hotel in London! I travel a lot on business but as this stay was coming from my own pocket i was even more delighted with the service received. Initially i had a problem with the room given on arrival but after i explained to the young Irish receptionist it was a surprise trip for my wife and therefore a special occasion he promised to try his best. And he did! (as he would on four or five more occasions before we left) We were given a newer room on the same floor which my wife loved. Exceptionally clean, unbelievably close to everything with the bonus of fantastic service from all staff! I hope to be a regular visitor to this hotel based on this stay. Thank you to the ever smiling Irish receptionist for all your fantastic efforts, professionlism and attitude.	
Aug 10 2006	Very Pleasant stay	Very good fitness hotel, pool very clean and not very busy. Room smelt a bit of smoke when first checked in but soon dispersed when air conditioning was switched on. Very quiet area no building or traffic noise to be heard.	
Jul 31 2006 	Great location helpful staff.	We stayed at this hotel for one Saturday night in a heatwave - not a breath of air anywhere in London and we arrived pretty hot and exhausted having lugged our cases on the tube.We were early to check in and there were no rooms available - we explained that we were due at a matinee show at 3pm and just wanted a quick freshen up. They suggested we went for some lunch and try again at 2 - unfortunately, they were very busy although they promised to try and bump us up the check in list. When we returned, the room was still unavailable, but they were very apologetic. We had left our cases with the concierge so that was taken care of.When we came back at about 5.30, we were given our room key and discovered they had upgraded us to a junior suite on the top floor. The room was beautiful with a fantastic view over the rooftops of London. From then on in, our experience was excellent. The room had its own iron etc so there was no need for the usual anxious wait while it arrived from housekeeping. They had had the foresight to turn on the aircon for us, so when we got to the room, it was deliciously icy. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was huge. Breakfast was excellent - we had originally had a continental breakfast included in our rate, but the upgrade brought a full English, although I thought it was good that it was possible to upgrade your breakfast from continental to English for about £3 - worth it if your rate was continental only, but as usual, full price breakfast was something outrageous like £16. How is it that hotels think that they can get away with charging that?!The only criticism I have is that the junior member of the concierge team was a bit ditsy - the senior staff were very helpful, but this guy just looked at me when I wanted to get something from my bag before the rooms were ready.All in all a great experience - the location takes some beating as well. It's definitely worth looking out for deals on room rates for this one.	
Jul 17 2006	Nice Hotel but had a few problems	We stayed here from 22.6.06 - 26.6.06. the first room we got was OK nothing to write home about but it wasnt bad, it had a safe mini bar etc and was clean and tidy the only problem was the drain in the bathroom floor absolutely stunk!!! It smelt like a dead rat was down it. So we were moved to another room oh my god the second room was absolutely disgusting the windows didnt open the room was grotty and tiny and it was definitely not a 4 star room it was rough!!So then we were moved to another room (this was the third) this room was ok but it didnt have a safe or anything in so we complained again then.....we were moved to another room on the 3rd floor this room was much nicer it was alot bigger than the other rooms we had been in and had a lovely bathroom. The room was clean and had room controlled air conditionning (none of the other rooms we had been in had this). So we were happy with this one and enjoyed our stay. The only thing was the bed was rock hard!the hotel is nice downstairs but when you get up to the rooms they are not as nice they are a typical chain hotel who pride themselves on first impressions and done really pay much attention to the rooms.We noticed that the higher the floor you stayed on the nicer the rooms. First floor roms are grotty, tiny and are no better than a 2 star. the second floor rooms are a bit better but not much then the third floor rooms are bigger and cleaner dont know what the rest of the floors are like but i presume they get better still. The hotel has a great pool and spa area. They have a good gym and steam room and sauna too which is nice to relax in after a long day shopping or sightseeing.The hotel is in a quiet area but is only 5 mins walk away from bond street (so good location).I would rate this as a 3 star i definitely wouldnt go as far as a 4 star. Maybe if they took more pirde in their rooms then my opinion would change.	
Jul 12 2006	Okay but not 5 star	We stayed at the beginning of July, 2006. Right during a heatwave! REMEMBER: The stories of marginally functioning air-conditioners in Europe is true! Our rooom's unit just couldn't do the job. Thank goodness I brought a battery/AC operated fan (can't sleep without a fan) and the obligatory power adapter AND converter. The hotel is absolutely certainly in a safe area. No worry's there at all. Nice neighborhood close to a lot of nice restaurants and shops. Close to the Bond street Tube Station which is easy to use and very helpful and just as safe as any big city train. Staff was consistently friendly and helpful.Rooms are small, but clean and well appointed.Bathrooms are nice and clean and work well. No issues at all. No problems or concerns about anything. (Except, as is all too often in any hotel, no fart fan in the toilet)Good housekeepingMARGINAL BREAKFAST AT BEST! It was really only acceptable. Sorry guys.Coffee? Are you kidding? Thank the stars Starbucks was around the corner.I can recommend the Jury's Clifton Ford Hotel as a place to stay, but for the money I'm sure I could find better digs. The conflicting thing is this: There's NOTHING wrong with the Clifton Ford. If you are considering it as a choice, man you can't go wrong. It's just that it is a hotel. A nice, clean, safe, &quot;cut above normal&quot; hotel. It is not a resort or &quot;destination accomodation&quot; as I call it. I know I'm not helping - especially since I can't give any other recommedations in the area (we we're too busy:) so, consider my remarks for what they contribute to your own criteria. ICE IS A FOREIGN CONCEPT EVERYWHERE IN EUROPE. YES, REALLY. If it weren't for the cool bartender who kept me supplied with a bucket, I'd have been in dire straights. Also remember: Everything, and I mean everything, is twice as expensive in England. The prices are the same as us on the menu (e.g. nice Cheeseburger is 7.95) but it cost two dollars for every one pound. If you drink booze, do yourself a big favor and bring some plastic flasks to keep in tote. A Jack and Coke costs you the Jack AND the Coke.Anyway, the Clifton Ford gets my thumbs up easily, but next time I will try to find more classy digs for the dough.	
Jul 10 2006	Great Central Hotel	I booked this hotel through lastminute[--] and got a really excellent package. Pamper break with a bottle of wine in the room, upgrade to executive room and full english breakfast included (the breakfast is normally £16.00). The breakfast was one of best we have had in a hotel, it was excellent value lots of fresh fruit, cereals and full cooked breakfast. There are plenty of restaurants nearby and the hotel is only about 5 minute walk from Oxford Street.The staff were all very friendly and polite. The hotel pool was great for an early morning swim. All in all a very enjoyable break. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.	
Jun 27 2006	Great breakfast: excellent hotel	We have stayed at Jury's Clifton Ford Hotel several times over the last four years. It is consistently very good with the odd problem. This is a 4 star hotel ++. If you can pick up a deal that includes cooked breakfast it is well worth paying extra if you are greedy in the morning - avoid the rush and ask reception when a good time is to have breakfast. Breakfast here is well above class average and competitors such as Grange's 4 Star hotels. It is well served and the buffet offers a good selection. Discount rates at Clifton Ford seem to have risen no doubt due to its ratings here! The hotel is clean and well kept. Our rooms have always complied fully to the 4 star hotel specification. The Health Centre below is OK, the hotel do not run it but you can use it free - although two times we had to walk down the stairs to it on the weekend. Rooms are variable and we have stayed in several classes. Now we just get a run of the mill room or whatever on promotion. We find all our computers fail to run Jury's website booking engine javascript so we have to book all there hotels through agents. There is a doorman and concierge. The hotel is pretty secure and feels safe for Miki to stay as a women alone. Checkin and checkout has always be friendly, professional fast and efficient. This hotel, even 4 star, makes a point of asking us if we enjoyed our stay on departure. We have always slept very well here. The hotel is about 5 mins from Oxford street and also some excellent coffee shops. The bar has a TV and serves drinks into an impressive lounge with all kinds of sofas to sit on and Miki enjoys trying them all out! Even at full price rates we would recommend this hotel especially if your out to go shopping. Jerry &amp; Miki [Jerry writes from an english standpoint, Miki Japanese: together we're pretty harsh! We use the UK Common Standards for hotels to help us know clearly when they are being slack!]	
Jun 24 2006	Nice stay	I stayed here in sept 2005 for 3 nights. I had a very nice room. It was modern looking and clean. It was only a short walking distance, about 5 minutes, to the nearest shops and Underground station. They were refurbishing when I stayed there, so some of the halls were torn up at that time. I would definitely recommend this hotel. The food in the restaurant was good. My only complaint was that my friends and I had a drink at the hotel bar and seemed somewhat expensive than what I am used to. It was 18 pounds for 3 drinks. However, other than that, I really enjoyed my stay there.	
Jun 8 2006	Enjoyable stay	Stayed here 31 may for 2 nights. Got an executive room, but no bathrobes. Left a note for the maid and they were delivered so pleased with that. Room was large and very comfortable, shower was excellent. Room was very clean.Didn't have breakfast so can't comment. There is a small bar which was fine for a drink before heading out.The fitness club was easily accessible through a separate lift in the hotel. Towels are provided although bathrobes can be obtained from hotel reception.Location is excellent as close to Bond st tube station and Oxford Circus.Before booking this hotel I checked a number of hotels in central London with a swimming pool and this was the most reasonably priced.I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it	
May 15 2006	A pleasant weekend	Stayed at the hotel on the weekend 13/14th May. The hotel exterior is a little shabby, reminding me of a high rise building from the 1970's. However, inside the interior is much nicer. The room we had, a classic, was a little shabby in some places. The room wasn't large by any means but comfortable. All the channels on the TV worked as advertised, something in my experience that isn't always the case. The bathroom was quite small but the shower worked well. The only drawback was there was a drip coming from the ceiling light. We tried the swimming pool out, certainly a nice size. The health club is seperate from the hotel. If you do use it there are no locks on the lockers, the reception will sell you a padlock. Better is not to take any valuables and just put your clothes in an unlocked locker. The directions the hotel issue are a little difficult to follow if you intend to arrive using the Underground. Wellbeck street doesn't come off Oxford street. Instead head for the otherside of Debenhams and there you should be able to find Wellbeck street. There was plenty of staff for breakfast which was tasty, a buffet style, so you were free to choose. The rooms were relatively quiet, although there was a little noise from the street outside. We stayed in this hotel as part of a package but I would say the advertised room rate, even for London seemed steep.	
May 8 2006	A Gem	Just back from a weekend here with a group of friends, we chose the hotel after reading the reviews here and were not disappointed. Yes the rooms are small and the bathrooms are miniscule, but are immaculate, with trendy decor, flat screen TV, fluffy towels etc. The staff couldn't have been more helpful or pleasant. The health club is a bonus in this central location, breakfast is served until late at weekends (we had a breakfast inclusive deal, otherwise it could be rather expensive). I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Clifton Ford, especially if you can get a good deal on the price.	
Apr 30 2006	Great Hotel	I stayed in this hotel at the start of april, and was hugely impressed with it. We had a lovely big twin room, which had lots of useful features - in room safe, bathrobes and full ironing board with steam iron. The location was superb - less than 5 min walk to bond street tube station, but situated on a quiet street off oxford street - close to everything, but without the noise ! The staff were lovely and helpful, and the breakfast was great. Overall, we were delighted with the hotel, and would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 20 2006	Just back from a brilliant stay	We're just back from a brilliant stay at Jurys Clifton Ford. From the moment we arrived we were treated really well by the attentive, friendly and professional staff. Our room was lovely - large and luxurious. Breakfast was delicious and plenty of variety. The continental breakfast was more than enough for us ! We loved the pool, spa, sauna &amp; steam room, and the easy access to these facilities. Location is superb. So close to all major attractions. We were able to walk to them all, only needing the tube for arrival &amp; departure (5 min walking time to Bond Street Station). Beautiful, elegant and quiet location, with a great choice &amp; variety of places to dine within a 5 min walk. We would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone contemplating a London break.	
Apr 16 2006	Average hotel nice location	Very average hotel: rooms the usual London tourist crap (small, hideous decor, fittings that fall off when you touch them, no one has every heard of duvets), breakfast particularly horrible and expensive. The full Irish, no thank you. In its favour, perfectly nice staff. Perhaps biased by paying standard rates...galling, but it turns out that the first weekend in December is very popular for Europeans going to London. Very nice location: 15mins from Bond St tube and Selfridges, near Marlyebone High St which is very chi-chi.	
Mar 30 2006	CLEAN AND NEAR UNDERGROUND	Clean hotel with large rooms. Short walk to underground and shops. Located in a residental area. Indoor pool with health club.	
Mar 4 2006	LocationLuxury and wow swimming pool	Little advertised on web pages this is a gem. Just off Oxford Street and within very easy walk of Bond Street Tube. A luxury hotel with well laid out, if a little small bedrooms. Bathrooms were very small short baths but beautifully put together nice power showers etc. Breafasts were good and buffet eat what you like style with help your self and/or waiter service mixed together to make this a quick bite or a leisurely experience.This hotel has a wonderful huge swimming pool with jacuzzi, steam room, sauna all free for guests although very limited timed use for children a bonus for us as we liked the tranquility! Other health traetments etc on offer but didn't try them. fantastic gym with lots of equiptment proper gym not a hotel one ! Quite busy early morning as a lot of locals and local workers are members and use the place pre work however after 8.30 very quiet. The hotel is very quiet and we had windows open at night to sleep liking it cool and found very little traffic noise which is amazing considering its location so close to the shops etc.We felt very safe walking the quiet streets home at night. The staff were pleasant and helpful all in all highly recommended. We didn't eat in as we had plans to meet others and needed to be a little cheaper so can't comment on food. We found two wonderful eating places both of which provided good value under £45 for the two of us plus a few wines, nearby . The Grand Bazar in James Street very close less than 5 minutes walk, fab atmosphere great kebabs, pizzas and really brilliant Turkish food especally wonderful with lamps hanging from the ceiling and candles everywhere we loved it perfect for any age. We also found a well hidden gem of a place called The Rocket quite trendy and as 40-50 somethings we felt very welcome but a little old - fantastic warm salads etc in loft style place. Just off Old Bond Street. 10 minutes walk. You do need to look this up as the address is vital it's down a tiny alley you might walk past many times.	
Feb 27 2006	Nice Hotel - Small Room	Enjoyed my stay at the Jurys Clifton Ford - Although we were very disappointed in the size of the rooms &amp; bed. Very very small - you really couldn't swing a cat in the room and bathroom put together. They were decorated lovely just a pity they didn't replace the windows when they were re-decorating very old with a howling wind coming through all night although there was only a light breeze outside!! Had breakfast because it was included in price although would have been £16.00 Each (Expensive), good food. Restaurant needs re vamped but I am sure they will get to that eventually. Enjoyed the atmosphere in the bar and foyer and reception staff etc very friendly. Would def return although would request room with king bed!	
Feb 23 2006	Very disappointing	We stayed at this hotel for one night on the weekend before Valentine's day. Fortunately for us, the restaurant we went to (not in the hotel!) was lovely, otherwise we would have had a really lousy time.At the end of our stay, I took a list of over a dozen complaints about the service and quality of the room to the duty manager. If the rest of the staff had been as pleasant as he was, then we might have actually enjoyed ourselves. However, we were told that someone from the hotel would be in touch regarding our complaints, as yet - 11 days since we stayed - I have heard nothing.This is not a hotel I will be staying at again, nor will I recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 19 2006	lovley 4 star hotel	This hotel was fantastic - was a bit worried about some reviews but thought as it had more good than bad we would book. The hotel is located 2 mins from the back entrance of debenhams and 10 mins from liecester sq. Our room was fantastic i phoned the hotel the day before we went and asked for a upgrade if poss, when we checked in we got a junior suite. A fantastic room no noise and a comfy bed, what else could you ask for.	
Feb 14 2006 	Lovely 4 star	We stayed at this hotel in Feb 06. My partners company paid for an executive room for £119 including full English. The hotel is located a few mins from Bond Street but down a quite road.The lobby/reception is very pleasant and check in was hassle free. Including in our room price was a free glass of Champaign; however the lady on reception must have missed this as she did not mention it. I over heard the gentleman who was also checking in, be told to ring room service to receive it. The corridors are in need of a little touching up on floor 3 (not yet scruffy but it would polish it off) however the other floors appeared to have been updated. The executive room was very spacious for a London hotel room and had everything you needed. The décor was modern classic and on a whole very clean. There were a few marks and scraps to the paintwork, but this is being very picky!!! The bathrooms were large with a bath and two showers above. I decided that when you have been told you are receiving something for free you should get it. I rang room service and told them I was entitled to two free glasses of champers. They checked with reception and a free bottle arrived 20 mins latter. So if you have this offer make sure you push for it, don’t be shy. Judging by the prices of drinks in the bar this was a really good offer. The leisure facilities are very nice and my only complaint was the steam room had a little bit of a fusty smell. Ask for directions from the changing room to the pool, because it can be a little confusing. I love having leisure facilities in hotels it really make for a good stay, and as far as I can tell they are few and far between in London. I had a bar snack in the very cosy bar area, it was above average and did the trick. The service however was a little slow. Full English breakfast was including in the price, there was a lovely cold buffet and then we ordered omelettes which were lovely. On checking out we checked the bill and found a wine had been put on the bill, which was not ours. They were very good and took it off with out question, so check for that. Outside there are taxes waiting, which is always nice. Overall this hotel is a lovely well presented 4 star, and with the leisure facilities, breakfast included and free BOTTLE of champers, it was well worth the £119. I would definitely stay again and would recommend it, as long as the niggles will not bother you.	
Nov 18 2005	Disappointed by breakfast	The hotel is in the middle of underground stations and therefore involves a bit of walk if you don't want to take a taxi. It's a good five minutes walk to Oxford Street. The staff are friendly and helpful. You soon get the impression that the hotel is aimed at the Spanish market as signs are in English and Spanish. The room is disappointingly small with very little room for hanging clothes. One night is fine but longer would be a problem. I ate out on the night but had breakfast. What a disappointment! Very poor. My advice would be to eat out. The choice was poor for what they charge you (£16.00). You can get a taxi to Covent Garden for about £7 and have a great breakfast at some of the places around there.	
Oct 27 2005	Billian	A hotel which is on the up....What more can you ask for....A Swim in the morning, brilliant breakfast, shop, another swim and then a night in London.......A Must place to stay, it is out of the hussle but close to get hussled....	
Sep 28 2005	Loved this hotel	We have just returned from a 2 night stay in the Jury's Clifton Ford. We arrived with serious misgivings having read bad reviews on this site. The staff were extremely friendly, efficient and genuinely 'happy to help'. Our room (request a refurbished room) was immaculate and stylsh and outside noise was almost non-existant. The bathroom though tiny was beautifully appointed. Lovely restaurant, great food, friendly bar, great health club and only 3 minutes from Oxford Street, Bond Street tube station and dozens of restaurants and bars. We almost cancelled, as this was a special weekend and we didn't want anything to spoil it. Thank goodness we didn't - we loved everything about this hotel and would certainly stay again.	
Sep 18 2005	Excellent value!	I stayed here for one night with my partner, was a bit dubious with all the mixed reviews, but thought it was great! We booked last minute through Laterooms and paid only £59 for a double room - but when we got to the hotel, we asked if it would be possible to get an upgrade and the staff immediately upgraded us to an executive room - which was huge, clean, v comfy bed, and great bathroom! Its not even 5mins walk to Oxford St so an excellent location. Don't know what the normal rooms are like, but the executive rooms are definitely 4* and great value... It'e definitely worth a try if you want a nice hotel and great location!	
Sep 12 2005	Good 	Travelled to London in August with my wife and 4 year old daughter for a 3 day stay. We were initially put in a room on the 5th floor which we were told was one of the recently refurbished rooms. The room was small, but ok in most respects, with the exception of the ventilation/air conditioning, or total lack of (a small unit on the wall didn't appear to function). The room was unbearably warm. When I returned to the lobby to complain, I was told &quot;Nobody else was complaining&quot;. But to be fair, they transfered us to an executive suite which was double the size of our original room and had working air conditioning! Nice! If I was booking this hotel again I would stretch myself to pay the extra for one of these rooms, particularly if I had children in tow. My daughter was excited at the prospect of using the pool but unfortunatly under 16's (or 18's ?) cannot use the pool after 1800, which is very restrictive for people who would be sight seeing during the day. The pool/health club appears to be more geared for private/adult members, not families staying at the hotel.Overall we were quite happy with the hotel, but this was in main, due to our room upgrade. I would advise anybody arriving to stay at this hotel, to check their allocated room before lugging cases etc.	
Aug 22 2005	Great value for money	We have just returned from a week-end in London. We were somewhat apprehensive having read some very bad reviews in Trip Advisor even though we had stayed there once before. But we needn't have worried.Front of house staff were very courteous and friendly. We received a complimentary upgrade to an executive room without asking. The room was very spacious with all the usual facilities. Location is terrific, just 5 mins from Oxford Street. Location is also very quiet with respect to traffic - a big bonus in London. It's also a very residential area with a great buzz around the place on a Sunday morning as the locals walk their dogs and read their papers while having coffee. We got a great rate GBP69 per room per night because we booked in advance - only snag it's non refundable if you cancel.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as it's quite expensive GBP12.95 for a continental but there's loads of coffee shops and restaurants just around the corner. There's also a big farmer's market on a Sunday morning whcih is interesting in the heart of London.I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 15 2005	Worth considering	I stayed 4 nights at the Clifton Ford with my wife and 9 year old. The room was on the small side, especially with the extra bed in it, but adequate for a couple and no smaller than a lot of others in London. All the rooms are being refurbished and are smart and modern, avoiding the usual &quot;traditional look&quot;.We only ate breakfast in the hotel. This was fine and the dinning room light and airy.The staff were excellent throughout, very helpful and pleasant.The pool and health club facilities are good. My only gripe was the very restricted access times for children. Only an hour a day, during the middle of the day. If I had known this I would have found somewhere else as this was important to my daughter.Overall, a very pleasant place for couples	
Aug 11 2005	It's a nice little Hotel	I guess I've stayed in my share of hotels, mostly in the USA for both Business &amp; Pleasure. I also own in a Timeshare and rent other timeshares for vacations. I was booked in here by my Tour agency. This hotel is small, and after reading some of the other reviews I'm not sure I would have picked this hotel on my own. Yes the rooms (at least ours) are small but I kind of related it to some Bed &amp; Breakfast rooms I've stayed in. Speaking of breakfast which was included, was as some others have stated less then what I'd expect, but I've been told the Brits look at food somewhat different then we Americans do. Don't order fried eggs, unless you like lots of grease with them. After the first day I just picked from what was on the buffet line. Drinking Tea or Coffee is ablut the same, STRONG!The lounge (bar) was nice and comfortable, and after I tought the bartenders how to make Gin (Tanquary) &amp; Tonics with Ice, the drinks were good too. Remember if you drink beer, Brits like it warm so make sure you tell them you want it cold.The front desk, bellmen and doormen are very nice and helpful. This hotel is not as close to the transportation (Oxford Street) as they make you think, its about a 4-5 block walk if you don't make a wrong turn. We took cabs, after dark it got cold. Cab's are not cheap, the best deal for getting around is the metro pass, but you have to be ready to walk to and from the nearest station (Bond Street Station on Oxford Street).There are a few Pubs nearby but expect lots of cigarette smoke and being crowded at meal times or any time the pubs open for that matter. Some eating establishments don't serve beer, wine or liquor so make sure you know before you order your meal.	
Jul 15 2005 	Don't stay diring warm weather	This hotel does do warm weather at all!My room seemed to have an Air con unit but was ineffective. An fan was present but was not effective. £119 for the room for the night was money misspent really. Probably best to stay elsewhere during the summer!	
Jun 19 2005	Not a four star experience at all	This hotel claims to be a charming four star hotel but falls well short of this. The room and bed we had were absolutely tiny (by English standards not only US) and the bathroom door had to be closed before you had room to use the loo or the bath. We were obviously in a non refurbished room because the decor was very tired and dated and the bathroom was in a very sorry state, cracked tiles and painted chip board bath panels. The air conditioning didn't seem to work at all although the noise level was tremendous. We spent most of the night lying awake from the heat.The restaurant and lobby were also very worn out - even the chairs in the restaurant were all threadbear. The breakfast was poor - the fruit salad didn't look fresh at all even though we were down for breakfast just after it opened. And again the airconditionming didn't seem to be working and the restaraunt and much of the buffet were warm. As far as service goes the receptionists only spoke to each other about hoildays whilst we checked in and one concierge pushed past us to open the door, we hoped, but actually he just wanted to go out himself and let the door close in the my face (I'm pregnant too so this wasn't a nice touch). On complaining about the airconditioning we were just told they had problems and were offered no compensation or apology. All in all we were very disappointed even for the price. Shop around and pay a little more as this hotel really is not worth the money.	
May 17 2005	Hated this place	I stayed at this hoteol twice...I didn't learn after the first visit. The rooms are small and dark and the dining room is just awful. Chances are you will be dining alone - except for the one waiter - and when you are presented with your meal you will see why; I have never had worse in any hotel. Stay somewhere else.	
May 4 2005	Very Nice	I stayed at the Clifton Ford Hotel in January 05 for two nights with my partner. Two other couples from our group also stayed. We are age group 24-30. Found the hotel to be lovely, clean, friendly with all the conveniences you could want including pool which the guys used both mornings. The bar in the hotel was quite pricy alright but fine for one or two drinks. The bar tender took our order and brought our drinks to a sitting area off the lobby without a problem. The hotel is very conveniently located if you are after shopping. If you want to stay in area with more night life or restaurants this is not the area for you but fine if you want to take a taxi. We had to walk for about ten minutes before we came upon an Italian restaurant. I would recommend the hotel.	
Apr 5 2005	Had a great stay!	Well, I must start out by saying that I was pleased that we kept our reservation at this hotel dispite all the negative reviews on the web-site. My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week March 26, 2005 through April 1, 2005. Yes, the rooms are small by American standards, but if you aren't a slob you should be able to make it work. The bath tubs are nice and deep and the rooms are furnished in a modern, clean line look. There is a hair-dryer, coffee-tea maker, iron &amp; board as well as a safe deposit box that is easy to work. The staff is helpful, and the buffet breakfast was good. The location is excellent, clean and safe. It's only a five minute walk to the Bond tube station from the hotel. Theres lots of shops and pubs all around Clifton Ford. There is a Barkleys ATM located around the corner on Marylebone High St. If you happen to be a Bank of America customer Barkley's is the ONLY bank that B of A doesn't charge a fee for, so take advantage of it. Also, if you like mediterranean food, there is a place called Topkapi at 25 Marylebone High street around the corner from the hotel. Great pitas and Shishka bobs to take out or eat in. The prices are slightly higher if eating in. The pitas are STUFFED with the meat of your choice and you can get two, a small and a large, for under 9 pounds! London pubs let you bring food in &amp; Tups pub is located catty corner to Topaki. If you go to Topaki tell Tony the waiter hello from Dan and Angie, he's friendly and helpful. Hope this helps! Enjoy your stay, we did!	
Mar 27 2005	Better options elsewhere	Stayed at this hotel a few times because of the good internet rates, the quality of rooms vary alot and unless you get a refurbished room do not stay here whatever the price. The last time I stayed I got a terrible room dirty, dark and smelly. I shall never visit this hotel again, Grange hotels are a better option and often less expensive. The impression that this hotel is robbing its customers because of its location leaves a bad taste in ones pallet.	
Mar 13 2005	Super Place!	Three nights mid November to be close to the large Oxford Street department stores we like to shop in (moments walk). Lovely, clean, comfortable room (smallish), friendly and helpful staff, delicious food, nice lobby. Had not stayed in London for years so can't comment on fairness of price. Hope to stay in this hotel again!	
Feb 20 2005	Sauna nightmare night	If booking on this hotel, be careful to ask what rooms they are putting you in. We had a room on the fitfh floor that got so hot we could not sleep all night, the air conditionning ( a box on the floor that looked llike it had come out of the arch) would only through a mild breeze. Spent hours hoping the room would cool down so we could get some sleep. At 3am we had to ask for a change of room, carry all our luggage down to a little smeely room on the second floor, and finally managed to get a few hours sleep. Not ideal if you've got a day of work ahead.To summarise, look somewhere else for a hotel and get a decent nights sleep, there are several others in the area.	
Dec 22 2004	Get a refurb room !	good hotel in quiet location just off oxford street. Room . I got a refurb classic room. forget the ironing facilities, the ironing board is in a cupboard and cannot be lifted in to position. the refurb room has hidden lights etc ... i burnt a hole in my suitcase and the hotel manager simply ignored it .. so its cost me a suitcase. comfortable decent sized room though.. very clean. Leisure ... in the basement. you get changed, then have to go down the 2 flights of stairs to get to the pool .. not very dignified unless you are the body beautiful. good pool ; sauna etc Food ... room service and bar menu is identical .. and limited. I didnt tr the restaurant as prices started at £25 for two courses. Breakfast ... ususal London rip-off for coffee and toast - £12.50Staff - excellent .. except for the manager who simply ignored my burnt suitcase and the fact that if I had left it it could have torched the hotel !.	
Dec 21 2004	extremely pleased	Me and my boyfriend went to london this weekend(18th December) and stayed at jurys clifton ford hotel. It was a bit hard to find, but once there we loved it. The entrance was quite grand and the service at check in was very good. We arrived at the check out a little early but it was no problem leaving the case's with the bell boy(free of charge)The Lobby was marbled and decored edwardian/victoria style. There were many areas to chilli out after a hard days site seeing and have a cuppa!Once in the room which was just a standard we were very pleased. It was clean, tidy and warm. It wasnt huge(follwed the edwardian/victorian theme), but we were only there for one night and it was perfect for us. There was a bath with a shower head ,a kettle and a iron. Oh a hair dryer(always a bonus)The health club was very nice and very well maintained. Theres no need to bring any towels these are supplied.The nearest tube station is bond street, its then about a 5 min walk.I really recomend this hotel we both love it and are sendind the in laws there as a birthday present. Hope you choose this hotel! Have fun x x x	
Nov 28 2004	Post refurbishment view	I read the reviews and immediately called the hotel to check the arrangements for my stay the following day. For the second time they had the booking wrong, party of six in three double bedrooms was initially booked as one bedroom only but when this was corrected the ameneded booking was for three twins. I was advised that the roms were all renovated between September and November 2004 and that the few dodgy rooms were no longer below standard.I am happy to say that although I was in the old part of the hotel, the new part comprises executive suites only, the accomodation was very good indeed and the next time I venture south it will be the first place I check.I am quite picky and cannot accept poor quality but there was nothing to fault this weekend.	
Nov 7 2004	4* Hotel but what about the service	The Hotel itself looks the part.Upon arrival the Hotel Reception staff were very good, and overall, I can not complain about the politeness of the staff in any way. BUT it became very apparent that there were never enugh staff on duty to make the commitment to you, and it is here the service fell over.On the first evening we returned to the Hotel, after seeing a show (&quot;We will Rock You&quot;, a must, and one of the best shows I have seen for a long time). After sitting down in the plenty spacious lounge area, I could not see one table that was not filled with bottles, glasses, cups.... I asked one waiter for some service only to be told he was busy and he would return.After 20 minutes I went to the bar, got my own drinks and placed a food order. I asked for the table to be cleared, but no joy agian. When the young girl came with the food, we were aked to hold the food tray, whilst she made some room on the table!!! It was another hour before the table was cleared compleatly of all the items.No I did not complain, I like to give people the benefit and maybe this is was a one off.No not at all, Next day at breakfast, not enough staff, and trying to get a teaspoon from the staff was complicated to say the least.That afternoon trying to get a glass of wine, I thought go to the bar myself, save the staff. I was told the bar was shut, take a seat in the lounge and a staff member will take our order!! Things are looking up!!!! After 15 minutes I enquired at the reception to be told, o sorry, someone will be with you. Another 10 minutes, back at the reception and another excuse.Half an hour in total we waited for the waiter to come and get our order. When he returned it was the wrong order. By the time we got the right order another 15 minutes had expired. Yes we complained about this one, and were then given the bill!!! Can I pay by switch, yes. The waiter did not know how to process this so had to get assistence from customer services. It was another 20 minutes before he returned!!!These were all niggly things that other customers seemed to be complaining about as well. The service when you got it was good, but you had to wait a little longer for it. Not what I would expect at any hotel regardless of its official rating.All the staff were very polite througout, the hotel was clean, and the room we had was ideal, no complaints there. It is an excellent location, and overall we did not let the poor service spoil our weekend.Would we return, we would try somewhere else first. A hotel is only as good as the staff that run it.	
Nov 7 2004	mould hell	i recently stayed at jurys clifton ford,the hotel looked great and was quite a good location ,you couldnt say the room was spacious at all but i didnt really mind that but the bathroom was so moudly and i hate to complain but the thought of having a bath or shower was a big no no,so i rang down to reception and explained they apoligised and asked me to come to reception were they would give me keys to another room i was embarresd but grateful,in the next room the bathroom was just about the same less black mould up the walls and ceiling so i didnt bathe untill i went home. id actually came to the hotel for a break and to relax. i think i got put in an old room ive heard they have newer rooms i suggest if you are staying at this hotel you make sure you are in a new room or you take mildew remover.	
Sep 10 2004	Ignore the other quite ridiculous reviews !		
Jun 24 2004	This is not a 4 star hotel		
Jun 20 2004	Very Impressed		
Jun 14 2004	Not that bad		
Jun 4 2004	Stay away		
May 20 2004	Make sure you ask questions before booking....		
Apr 27 2004	not bad		
Mar 31 2004	A wonderful hotel		
Oct 21 2003	Wonderful hotel		
Apr 5 2003	Clifton Ford-a great first timer		
Nov 17 2009 	Pas à la hauteur du prix		
Nov 13 2009 	Une expérience décevante pour un 4 étoiles		
Oct 7 2009 	l'hotel è veramente bello		
Sep 16 2009 	Ne ratez pas la piscine et le jaccuzzi !!		
Jul 31 2009 	Amazing! fantastique hôtel		
Jul 26 2009 	Excelente bien comunicado habitaciones y baño muy amplio personal muy amable hotel con encanto		
Jun 18 2009 	genial		
Jun 6 2009 	excelente relacion calidad-precio. servicio a mejorar		
Jun 3 2009 	Buen Hotel con sus peros...cuidado con el minibar y recepcion		
Apr 23 2009 	Magnifique hotel		
Apr 19 2009 	A recommander		
Feb 25 2009 	bonne situation		
Jan 16 2009 	Un service impeccable et un accueil plein d'attentions		
May 2 2008 	Surrealista		
