	Awkward and unfortunate hotel in great location with friendly staff.	Not a great place. I was here in August to check it out and had to move because my room's hard-wired internet (the only kind they have -- no wireless!) didn't work. Additionally the air conditioning never gets quite cool enough, the shower/tub has a short, awkward nozzle that isn't adjustable which forces you to stand over the drain, the elevators are small and slow, and the business center is a tiny closet in the basement. Though we asked to stay elsewhere this time, we're on a corporate room block and have to be here. I e-mailed a few times with the hotel manager and an assistant manager for various questions. Very nice and accommodating, as are all the staff I've encountered. Staff are wonderful - the hotel needs a major makeover. Speaking of, the gym (an LA Fitness next door) is closed for renovations so they're bussing guests to another one a few blocks away. Unfortunate timing.This time I arrived and was excited to get room 701, on the top floor. If this room is an indicator, don't do any room with the &quot;-01&quot;. The room is awkwardly opposite the elevators. The door opens in right off the elevator lobby, without any kind of baffle or foyer, so people in the elevators, or waiting at the landing, can look right into your room. And the noise! Talking/yelling/whispering guests and elevator notifications (&quot;going down!&quot;) kept me awake all night. They're moving me to another room today (for an additional 40 quid a night!) so hopefully it will be better.	
	Average hotel - NOT 5 star	This hotel is situated in a great location - very convenient for Covent Garden and the theatre district. The beds were very comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful however this is not a five star hotel. The rooms were average despite being &quot;deluxe&quot;. They looked in need of decoration - and they attempted to hide this fact by having a fancy light hanging over the beds. The bathroom was spacious but tatty - there was no heating - the supposedly hot towel rail was freezing, the shower lukewarm and there was a draft from the window. At breakfast they somehow managed to lose the hot breakfast order and left us sitting for 20 minutes before they realised it was lost. We were woken by drilling and hammering early on our final morning somewhere in the hotel and no - one had bothered to warn us. On check out, the staff never bothered to ask how our stay was - they seemed more interested in just getting their money.There are plenty of other hotels in this area and I would advise people to stay elsewhere - definitely not a five star hotel and not worth the money.	
	Not the Waldorf	I booked one night at the famous Waldorf Hilton in Aldwych on lastminute.com. What did I know about the Waldorf? Rich, famous people used to stay there; it had an excellent positon near theatres and museums and poised on the edge of the City; it boasted the crown jewel of ballrooms, the Palm Court. Sounds good. But, do not be fooled by its history. The Waldorf has been transformed by Hilton in to a boring, mid range business hotel. It has lost every shred of its famous charm. Further, it is completely devoid of character. Further still, its five star rating belies the poor quality of service it offers.I had to carry my obviously heavy suitcase up a long flight of stairs to reception, with staff watching. Thirsty when I arrived in my room, I was invited to spend GBP4 for the priviledge of drinking a bottle of mineral water. My room was ostensibly a double. Two sets of prettily wrapped bathrobes(GBP40 to buy) lay conveniently on the bed. However, the bed was pushed against the wall like a medieval box bed; no possible access for an second guest. The desk lamp, on the wrong side of the desk for reading in bed, did not work; the following morning the housekeeper confirmed that the bulb had gone. Even on the lowest setting, the heating and ventilation was so fiercely directed at head height that it was uncomfortable to stand in the middle of the room.The TV remote had no menu facility, so I had to flick aimlessly around to find the news stations I wanted. The bathroom was tiled floor to ceiling and clammy; there was no heating other than the towel rail, which remained cold throughout my stay. Worst of all, despite being offered free wireless connection in my bedside literature, I was told by the front desk that the only way to connect to the internet at this five star hotel was to purchase a GBP15 24-hour voucher which would permit me to use the hard wire cable in the desk drawer.Breakfast was served in the Palm Court, from which the beautiful green palms we all remember from film sets had been removed. The room was large, cold and decorated with stiff, brown dry grasses. The food was acceptable, but I had to stand in the middle of the room, not once, but twice, to attract the attention of the staff to get more coffee.No Christmas decorations, no warmth. Luxury? Forget it. My advice: stay somewhere else. Shame on you, Hilton, for turning a unique and elegant hotel into an average, brown box.Mrs. Rehoboth	
	Bitterly disappointed	I booked a room to celebrate our anniversary to surprise my other half and it was the most disappointing experience we've had in a long time.On check-in (we were quite late, arriving around 23.15) we had to wait for the receptionist to get off the phone as he was alone. We got our room key pretty much without one word and then had to ask about breakfast...not very welcoming...The room was very disappointing - small and not cleaned to 5 star standard. Then we found out the TV did not work, so called reception (had to wait for a couple of minutes for someone to pick up) and were told someone will be up, which took 15-20 minutes. After it was checked he said that the TV could not be fixed and we'd have to move and with that he left. Needless to say no one called us, we called reception (we're talking well after midnight at this stage) and were told we'd need to contact the engineer in the morning. When we said we're only staying the night, they apologised for the inconvenience and offered us complementary breakfast.By this stage we were really upset and our romantic mood completely vanished, but did not want to make a fuss as it was late and we were both at work the next day. Oh, the bed was terrible, it felt like the springs are going to give way any second. At breakfast we had to ask for the menu rather then being presented with it. We both had full English, one of them vegetarian and both were oily and tasteless. We finished our orange juice, but we never got a refill. And we had to ask for toast too... Could not believe we were in a 5 star hotel actually.So all in all, an awful experience. We had certain expectations, given the name and the rating and our previous Hilton experiences, but it would have been better to stay at home! My other half says al least we'll definitely remember this anniversary. Unfortunately, the memories will be nothing like I had in mind when I booked it.	
Nov 25 2009 	An absolute let-down	The location is fantastic, the staff are great, but it was a thoroughly 'fawlty towers' experience. The first room I was sent to was not made up at all - it appeared to be an occupied room I had been given access to. They then sent me to the 8th floor to a different room, to find that the bathroom hadn't been cleaned at all - towels on the floor, as if someone had just checked out. The 3rd room had a broken TV with no remote - I phoned guest services to send someone twice - who did not turn up either time. The 4th room was okay, but the old sash windows were chattering and banging all night. I would expect better from a Travelodge, never mind a supposed 5 star hotel. It was an awful experience.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great hotel excellent location helpful staff	I stayed at the Waldorf last week and the stay was great. The location is great, close to eveything and the staff is really helpful. We really enjoyed. We'll definitely come back.	
Nov 24 2009 	Just perfect!	I stayed at the Waldorf with a party of friends and from start to finish it was perfect. We were welcomed by a very smily face at the front door, this was followed by a charming gent at reception who made us feel like superstars from the start. The room was lovely, dark furnishings with an amazing comfy bed, bathroom had a bath and shower. As the hotel is right in central london thought it would be noisy not at all. Breakfast was super, a great variety of cold and hot items, the waffles were amazing! Then when we left we had smily friendly staff again. This is a great hotel in a perfect location, I will be choosing this for all my stays in London.	
Nov 23 2009 	Surprising Bargain	My husband and I were on a round the world trip earlier this year and we had to be savvy with our money. We would have never thought but this hotel was having a sale that included daily buffet breakfast as part of the package, so it ended up being better value then staying anywhere else at that time. This is a big hotel with many many rooms, granted it felt like our room was at the furthest end of the hotel and it felt a little isolating, but this was its only downfall. The rooms were spacious, comfortable and clean. The buffet breakfast was GREAT, fantastic variety and service, I felt very posh every morning. The location was excellent, I fell in love with Covent Garden which was around the corner, such a beautiful atmosphere. Drury Lane was around the corner, where we saw the play Oliver. From the hotel my husband and I comfortably walked to Trafalgar Square, Westminister Abbey, Big Ben/Parliament, London Eye, etc. This hotel made our stay in London wonderfull and brings back pleasant memories.	
Nov 20 2009 	Disappointing Rooms with Funky Features	I booked this hotel using points as I stay at Hilton Hotels extensively and am a diamond member of their rewards program - meaning I spend a lot of money with Hilton. Taking my wife and daughter to take in a west end show we booked 2 rooms. On arrival I was asked if I would like adjoining rooms and as my daughter is 16 we said yes. This turned out to be a mistake. I was handed a &quot;welcome letter&quot; at the front desk - this should have tipped me off as usually such welcome letters are already waiting in your room - meaning someone has put thought into what room(s) you will be assigned to as you are a valued frequent guest. But not here - here's your letter. So we got rooms on the first floor right by an elevator overlooking the very busy Aldwych - a bus stop is right outside. Now usually I would go an get the room changed - but we had been travelling all day and had less than an hour to get ready for the theatre. So we lumped it - the rooms facing the street are very very noisy - basically guaranteeing a bad nights sleep and at the end of the day that is the primary function of a hotel and I would not even give these rooms a 2 star rating for that very reason. These rooms could be sound proofed but a bit of cheesy double glazing in the room and nothing in the bathroom meant noise was constant. The bathroom window was large and that meant it was very cold in the bathroom as well. Glass door from bathroom to bedroom had large openings top and bottom so the noise spilled into the bedroom. Heated towel rail - nice touch - except it didn't work. US 120v outlet for US plugs - nice touch - except it didn't work.Room designs are weird for London - all tile floor with a small strip of carpet around the bed. The hotel does provide slippers FOC but tile floors in England??? Maybe in the Carribean but England? Needless to say the floor is not exactly comfortable. Oh and by the way - when they decided to change carpet to tile they forgot to consider the bedroom door would now sit proud of the tile allowing noise and light from the corridor to come in - in fact you could push a sunday newspaper under our door. We used a bath towel to block that out. Now, another sign of just a lack of thought by the front desk is the room was also a handicap room - no tub. Insufficient closet space - no mirror in the room - only mirror is the one in the bathroom. Geez even a basic hotel puts a mirror in the room? All these features from a hotel that proclaims &quot;5 Star Luxury&quot; in its sales literature. Very disappointing - actually an insult to put the name Waldorf on this hotel. Hilton Garden Inn is more like it and that is a stretch in some areas. Now it is not all bad - concierge were helpful and on their game as was the bellman. Executive suite serves a decent free breakfast - can't speak for the evening service as we were running late but the breakfast choice and service were of 4 star quality with polite efficient service - very good. Taxis are easy and plenty of help with bags.But compare the negatives to positives and even though I burned a bunch of points I felt it was not worth it. Location is A+ if you are going to the theatre - but thats about it. Disappointing sums it up for me.	
Nov 18 2009 	An upgrade worth paying for	Whilst we arrived early they were keen to prepare a room and priortised our room for preparaton. Decided to opt for the upgrade if available option when booking direct and we were far from disappointed.The suites are spacious, well equipped and designed for relaxation in such a busy city. Great open plan design, huge bath and shower area, a real oasis. The only recommendation I would have is to add Sky tv and an iPod dock.Staff were friendly and helpful. Bar was well stocked with great cocktails.Would stay here again.	
Nov 18 2009 	Comfortable wonderful location - what's with the bathrooms?!?!	The service was slick and atentive, as one would expect at a Hilton, but one should be quite clear that it is NOT a top luxury hotel as the name 'Waldorf' might once have implied. Nonetheless, it is clean, quiet ( at least, where we were ), efficient and very good. However, the rooms are very small and if you don't like the bathroom being IN the bedroom, separated only by a glass partition with badly fitting door, then you might be better off elsewhere. For a functional stay in the West End overnight, excellent. For a luxury or longer break in London, probably not. Having said ALL of that, we were on a superb last-minute deal and so for us, we had more than value for money.	
Nov 16 2009 	Wonderful staff Wonderful room	We went up to London for one night, my girlfriend was impressed when the doorman sprinted to her side of the taxi with an umbrella! The staff on the check in desk were very helpful. Having a check in time of 3pm we were surprised that they let us check in a lot earlier.The room was wonderful, modern and had a very comfortable bed.We had room service on the night and the food was amazing. Probably on a par with their restaurant. Breakfast was a serve yourself buffet and again, the food was excellent. With a lot of variety. Would definitely stay again, hopefully more than one night!	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent	Excellent service.Excellent guest Relation Manager(Kerstin)excellent Rooms for the Complete Travel Group.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good hotel in a good location	The hotel is the typical old, elegant hotel in central London. The lobby isn't anything special, as it is rather small and disjointed, but the main ballroom is quite something! Our room wasn't quite as nicely renovated as some, but was still in decent shape. Washroom was updated-modern, and functional. Could have used some more counter/shelf space to put toiletries, though. Chandelier in room kept going out for hours at a time, but no big deal. We got an inside room, as we wanted it quiet, so there was no view to speak of. Hotel is just south of Covent Garden, and right in the theatre district, so lots to see and do within walking distance.	
Oct 31 2009 	Avoid the noisy rooms!	This was our second visit, we love this hotel for it's location and friendly, attentive staff. Our first room was on the street side and very noisy, impossible to sleep, the lovely girl in the exec lounge had it sorted very quickly and we got a room facing the 'courtyard'. Absolutely horrendous view but quiet! This time we noticed the canapes in the exec lounge were not as good as last time, and they have really reduced the time they serve alcohol, cutbacks i guess. While the exec lounge staff are nice, if you don't leave a tip they won't bother with you again, one young man in particular.	
Oct 26 2009	Lovely guest room; attentive and courteous hotel staff made stay great	I stay at this hotel many times a year. I have found the staff great and the rooms very nice. The extra touches of welcoming back a returning visitor and an upgraded room enhance the stay. The staff goes the extra step to make the guest feel pampered. The location of the hotel is perfect for West End theater, a short walk across the Waterloo Bridge to the National Theatre and the Old Vic. I will return again.	
Oct 20 2009 	The staff makes it an amazing hotel	I stayed at the hotel with my parter for a weekend, we booked it as we are Hilton Honors members and we always get a good service at this brand. Waldorf was however not to our expectations. We expected something more like the Waldorf Astoria in New York. The rooms were too modern and we did not like the open bathroom. We also had a very noisy room, but we are not the once who usually complaint and we didn't want to waste hours by solving this. We were however aproached by a nice lady in the lift who enquired about our stay. We only mentioned that the room was a bit noisy. She straight away offered to change our room. She also explained to us that not all the room have the open bathroom and she showed us another three rooms. We were offered help with packing (Frank from concierge was very kind and helped us move the bags) and we were all settled in the new comfortbale room with private bathroom within minutes. On our return from the shopping, we found a nice fruit basket and a card from Katarina, who resolved this for us so efficiently. Overall the Waldorf is a good Hilton hotel with excellent service and friendly employees. The location of the hotel is fantastic almost all the theatres are within 10 minutes walking distance, oxford street is just up the road 10-15 min walking. I would recomment this hotel to a friend.	
Oct 20 2009 	Comfortable but not much more	We visited london to see oliver which was above and beyond expectations, a shame the hilton waldorf was not the same. The hotel is nicely decorated , but no more than expected for this grade hotel and price, the bedroom was nice, clean, but i am afraid to say service was very slow and sometimes non existant. We sat down for drinks and it took 20 mins before we were noticed, and at breakfast we had to que, yep thats right we came down for breakfast to find a que of 10 people because there was not enough tables prepared. I felt like i was back at school. Once in food was fine, but i really think for the money i could have found better. stayed in manchester for half the price earlier and the service was much better than this hotel. Sorry hilton but will look elsewhere next time.	
Oct 20 2009 	Wonderful Waldorf hits the spot again!	This is one of my favourite worldwide hotels, I am a very regular business traveller and always choose the Waldorf when in London. The staff are just super and even remembered my name when I walked in the door. I have specific room requests which are consistently met. The Executive lounge is great, service with a huge smile. I ate dinner in the restaurant and the food and waiting staff were just fantastic. My experience from start to finish in this great establishment is always great and I urge you to go visit. Thanks to all at the Waldorf!	
Oct 20 2009 	Unexplainable room layout and expensive.	For a cost of £355 per night, which was generously paid for by our generous business host, this did not represent good value. The hotel has an excellent location, off the Aldwych, but is slightly tired looking and contains a completely impractical room layout. Also we were unable to check in before 3:30pm.	
Oct 16 2009 	First time to London	When we got there air condition not working, so they moved us to a room on the lowest floor for the night, said our room would be ready the next morning. It was not. Then they said by 3 that afternoon saw we went out for the day. Returned, still didn't have our room ready. Then they said a few minutes later that they had it ready. It was like being in a closet. The smallest room I have ever seen. Our luggage wouldn't even fit in there. So we called again. To make a long story short we lived out of our luggage the whole trip. I will say that the hotel is located in the middle of everything. Easy to get around. Would not stay there again.	
Oct 10 2009	Great central London choice	We travelled to London last Easter during April, a group of 4 teachers accompanying 10 teenagers on their first time abroad . The hotel was great value for money and fantastic location next to all the popular theaters and Covent Garden. Very easy, walkable access to best areas, nice renovated rooms and helpful staff. On our first night our window got stuck and even hough it was fixed within half an hour, we got an upgrade although we did not demand one or made a fuss about it. Breakfast hall was really impressive with wide range of choice. I stayed at the Waldorf lin April, however I felt obliged to write this review even with half a year delay, because I know that most London hotels are a disaster and really expensive. I definitely recommend it to everyone.	
Oct 9 2009 	Five Star Hotel	Using Hilton Honors award. Large room and bathroom. Executive lounge was probably the best I've seen. Exceptional and attentive staff and on the ball management. Location simply can't be beaten. Walking distance to Covent Gardens, Parliament, Trafalgar Square, St. Paul etc. Won't stay anywhere else in the future.	
Oct 8 2009 	AGAIN FABULOUS!!!!!!	This was my second stay at the Waldorf Hilton London. Everything was perfect!! Our room was outstanding. Great bathroom, comfortable bed. I was a guest in the hotel 2 years ago and I wanted my husband to experience this great Hilton. We stayed on the Executive Floor. I feel the little extra it costs to upgrade with Hilton is always the expense.We were welcomed by Flavia Mazzarini Executive Guest Relations manager and her fabulous staff Kirstin and Dirk. We were invited to a reception to meet the General manager Mr Peter Beckwith. I shared with him my comments in regards to the outstanding staff an hotel. I stay in a umber of Hilton's throughtout the year. This property is excellent and highly recommended!!!	
Oct 7 2009 	Best Trip Ever!!!	Upon entering the hotel you can tell it's 5 star service..They grab my bags right away and ran off with them so I could check in..After check in went to the room and it was very nice and quiet my bags were already there waiting.. Had a heated towel rack in the bathroom and a plasma screen tv...My safe wasn't working so I called the desk and they were very quick to get on it and for my inconvenience they gave us free breakfast for my whole stay (1 week).. the room service was top notch and they have a turn down service which i'm not use to but i liked the chocolates..I felt like the hotel staff cared about my stay and would do anything to make it more enjoyable if i felt like i wasn't happy. I called for a cab to the front desk and it was sitting there waiting when i got down stairs...It made my trip to London that much better A+++	
Oct 3 2009 	Very nice service great location 	Stayed at this hotel on a 6 night award stay in September. As a diamond Hilton HHonors member, I was upgraded to an executive room and had access to the executive lounge. Hotel is located in a great location on Aldwych close to Strand and London School of Economics. We had room 801. Elevators go to floor 7, then take steps up to 8th. Room was very spacious. King bed and a nice sitting area with spacious bathroom. Room looks just like Executive room on website. Received welcome fruit plate with note from manager and large bottle of water. Room had 2 sets of bathrobes and slippers. Plenty of tea/coffee/hot chocolate packet stuff. Used it everyday and was replaced everyday. Maid service was consistently good and also received turndown service daily without asking. Room had a do not disturb and maid service switch. Executive lounge is spacious with nice snacks throughout the day. Staff is very very nice and everyone seemed to know our name. Bed is very comfortable. Tv has variety of channels including US Fox news. Hotel is walking distance to almost everything. All sorts of restaurants from fast food to upscale dining. Hotel is more a 4 star rather than 5. I say this because, although it has modern touches, the furniture is older and you can see the age in the bathroom. Hotel opened around 1906 so it does have that historic charm. Amenities in room are not up to 5 star level. Mismatch of Neutrogena and some other US brand product. Website states upgraded luxury toiletries, but they are not. You have to take steps up to enter this hotel with no handicapped accessible ramp in visible site. Once inside, there is a handicap lift to take you to lobby level. I had a stroller with me so had to use this frequently, although if staff was around, I was offered help to carry stroller up steps. Concierge is helpful as well if you want info on activities or want to order Dominos pizza delivery for kids. Beautiful pool you see on the hotel website belongs to LA Fitness club next door. Pool is indeed not as beautiful in person as it seems on website. Looks older.I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone especially if you get a good rate. I would return to this hotel without hesitation for a good price (less than $200). Again, I had a reward stay. Price on website for same days was approximately $546/night with tax for executive king.	
Sep 27 2009 	Not 5 star *** Very loud rooms ***	I have stayed here twice now, each time in the Executive rooms, the location is great. However the old doors on the rooms allow for every noise to be projected into your room. In addition, upon arrival I wanted some rest a purposely activated the do not disturb and was awaken twice that afternoon by staff.If you want a Hilton stay at Hilot Park Lane or Canary Wharf.	
Sep 25 2009 	Avoid these Rooms (Upgraded Comtemporary)	We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in London for 3 nights commencing August 27th 2009. It was our 38th wedding anniversary and we had recently joined the Hilton Honours Scheme with a view to using the chain for our upcoming 3 month tour of Thailand, Australia and New Zealand in February 2010. Upon arrival we were asked if we wanted a room with Shower or Bath. We chose the shower option. We were tired from travelling, my wife was recently out of hospital and wanted to relax in the room. However the room, 201, whilst having a good sized queen bed and newly refurbished has an open plan bathroom. The horror however was that in direct eyeline from the bed was a Frosted Glass Toilet Cubicle. Whilst frosted you could still see through. Even after 38years of marriage some things should be kept private. We requested another room only to be politely told that there was none available. We duly completed the customer comments report and 2 weeks later received an email stating that if we stayed again they would make sure we had an executive room upgrade. We wont be taking them up on their offer.Why should we have to pay again for inadequate accommodation in the first place.The location was good, staff friendly but we have stayed in much better 5 star hotels worldwide.	
Sep 23 2009 	No Thank you mr hilton	Small rooms, strangely decorated with windows that open. Unfortunately, it took 4 hours and 5 phone calls to sign the waiver and get them functional. Yes you have to sign a waiver to open the window! The location is good for theatre and covent garden shopping. make sure to duck when getting into bed as there are large chandeliers which look very ikea hanging very low. Bathroom nothing to write home about. Service very disorganised and slow (see above). Breakfast was included and fine when it finally arrived. My husband had to leave before his omelette in order to get to a meeting.. Lots of staff hanging about not really doing anything. No thank you. I'm much happier here at the Crowne Plaza St James	
Sep 22 2009 	Great location decent size rooms	My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf a few weeks ago and really enjoyed it. The rooms are modern, so you may not get the London feel you are looking for, however the location of the hotel will give you access to everything you want to see. The hotel is a five minute walk to Covent Gardens which has great shopping and places to eat. The hotel is also right around the corner from the theatre area and we were able to walk to dinner, then a show very easily. In fact you can walk pretty much anywhere you want to go from the Waldoft, you can be at Parliament in about 15 minutes if you walk on the river, Buckingham Palace in about 20 minutes, Trafalgar Square in 10, Tube stops within minutes or if you are looking to spend a day at Windsor Castle all you have to do is cross the bridge and head over to Waterloo station and you are on the train in about 15-20 minutes. If you are a level of Hilton Honors that gives you access to the executive lounge you can save a lot of money by having breakfast, snacks, afternoon tea and liquour there. Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Waldorf.	
Sep 21 2009 	Some nice staff...disappointing experience	Some of the staff are very helpful and go out of their way to make a good experience.Smiles of the staff go a long way!I have to say, contrary to other reviews I have found the concierge desk quite good other than the one occasion I had to ask twice to get them to bring something up to my room.Poorly cleaned cups in the room have been spotless since my first complaint.Agree with comments re Exec lounge. Not sure how they would extend it though.Can't believe the gym didn't have a cross trainer!However, I had a very bad experience with a room on the executive floor. No broadband for almost 1 month! Very disappointed given that my room rate included internet access and no compensation was offered. The wireless internet is not available in most rooms as well!.Note that if you like traditional rooms, this hotel has plenty. But if you don't, you might want to try the Hilton in Canary Wharf. Still in the hotel at the moment but might move to the Grosvenor Marriott.	
Sep 10 2009 	No hot water for three days!	No hot water for three days, we expected much better from the Waldorf Hilton London, not having hot water in the shower for three days is just not acceptable in afive star Hotel paying this sort of money. We made complaints to several membersof staff but nobody dealt with our problem or seemed to really care, even a letterreceived no attention.We had written to the Hotel before our stay requesting a quiet room but on arrivalfound they had put us opposite to lift, hardly anything but quiet as kept us awakeall night with people coming and going.The service at Breakfast was the dismal, plates not cleared away from othertables which caused flies to surround us we finally had to get up from our tableand go looking for a waiter to clean up the mess. Food was not replacedquickly on the buffet, service - well there was none!The reception area is such a let down, no offer of help and totally out of keepingwith the style of the Dining Room. Slow check in service and a homelessperson begging outside the Hotel. Sadly this Hotel was such a disappointmentto the start of our Holiday. Room was not cleaned by 3pm when we returnedafter sightseeing and had to wait in the lobby while they finally found someoneto make our room up.Could not recommend and not 5 star in any shape or form	
Sep 7 2009 	Not 5* but great value for money if you get a deal	I would have to agree with others that this hotel is not 5* &amp; certainly not worth £280 per night however if you get a good deal as in 2-for-1 then a room at £140 is well worth the money. Pluses:The hotel is in a great location, it is clean, modern &amp; reception staff were great. Big comfy beds &amp; good aircon.The negatives:1. breakfast - the same old horrible Hilton breakfast buffet which is not suited to a 5* venue2. Hilton's usual standard of furnishings which are pretty cheap &amp; as a result the place is falling to bits.3. 3* service being offered in aa supposed 5* hotel. There were no refinements in the service at all. How they have been awarded 5* I will never know.Good value for us but would I return paying a higher price - no!	
Sep 7 2009 	Certainly not a five star!!!	From the moment I arrived at the hotel i could sense that the waldorf is not a five star hotel! as i walked past the door man carting with discomfort my rather heavy bag up the stairs all i could think was 'thank you for the help!', at reception i was greated by a rather welcoming and pleasant receptionist who checked me in quickly and efficiently. however, again, i was the one who took my bags up the stairs without any help, moreover i had to navigate through the many corridors (that all look the same) to find my room. Unfortunatly my experience didnt get better, my room was small, very dated and next to a fire escape. luckily i didnt spend much time in the hotel, as i think i would have gone mad!if you want a hotel close to all the theatres, do some research and i am sure you'll find an extremely nice five star hotel a bit further down the road, which is far better than what my friend described the waldorf nursing home!	
Sep 3 2009 	Lovely room but a bit disappointed with reception and didn't feel 5*	Arrived at hotel after long day to be greeted by dorman who had had a bad day or perhaps it was because I was arriving by foot and not taxi. Expected a grand lobby with nice seating area but very disappointed. It was like a small hotel for a lot less money. This was supposed to be the Waldorf and not just a basic Hilton Hotel. This was a bit disappointing.This was a bit of a treat and I have stayed at a lot nicer hotels in London. I am a frequent travellor and just expected a bit more class and it just wasn't there. The room was however lovely and the cleanliness was good but the bedside light did not work and neither did the redio. The staff were very helpful and the location is great for anyone visiting in for shows or St Pauls where I went to the cleanest public toilets I have ever had the pleasure to visit.	
Sep 2 2009 	great location and comfortable stay	I lived in London for 4 years but now live in South Africa. I always stay at the Waldorf when I go back to London for shopping and fun.! Found the hotel to it's normal standards, but not really 5 star. For a big city hotel, they did well but have stayed in better big city hotels.Beds were comfy and we had a deluxe room on the 4th floor which was very quite but quite small for what you pay for.No complaints, great location for shopping and sight seeing but a few little extra touches would do alot to improve the overall experience and inch it up to 5 star. For example: - no night time turn down service - room service staff was on his first day on the job and could not open the wine we ordered - surely they should be trained before being &quot;released&quot; to serve guests? Couldn't even get the ice bucket right until the third request - bar was dead and without atmosphere - went to nearby hotel for cocktails with more ambience - champagne bar is a daytime &quot;high tea&quot; room - dull! Overall, if you can afford the hotel, it is worth it largely due to location, location, location. We didn't spend much time in the room but loved the accessability to the things we wanted to do for our 3 night stay in London	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location and trendy but small rooms	The Hotel is very nice and has a lot to offer. The room was very trendy and comfortable, but a tad small. The hotel bar lacked atmosphere and the dining experience was nothing out of the ordinary. The hotel is somewhat expensive.	
Aug 30 2009 	Not 5 star hotel	The hotel is good, but probably 5 star are too many. The room (told by the reception guy to be a &quot;very nice one&quot;) was small, but the more disappointing thing was that I could not use the gym (which is, furthermore, not managed by the hotel) as it close (on weekend) at 17.30!!The breakfast good but not fresh juice (that a seriuos 5 star hotel) should have.For the rest is ok, but you don t feel to be in a luxury place, only in a nice and clean hotel	
Aug 28 2009 	Wery nice posh hotel in great location - great treat.	We had one night in Waldorf hotel for my 30th birthday. The receptionist was very nice and quick we walked in and were in our room in 5 mins. We had twin room on first floor sadly looking to the back of the building (where other building was covered in scaffolding) upon arrival to our room we had unfortunately got to our room with staff still clearing the room so our first impression was not great as there were 2 people in the room looking at us thinking what we doing there...... ???? however they have left asap.... room was very nice and well decorated I loved the London scene above the bed which lit up if lights were on. The sheets were nice and white smelling fresh. We did find the tv difficult to use but lucky we weren't there to watch it.... :-) bathroom was large with bath and separate rain shower, heated towel rack and sink.... Both rooms had huge about 4m sash windows.... Room wasn't too big but was fine for us.Regarding staff - was friendly the only thing was when we called housekeeping they took about 1h to bring what we wanted - and it wasn't what we asked for - in the end they didn't bring it at all....... Swimming pool (is not Hilton one but can be used if you staying) was nice but loads of flaky and damp walls.... changing rooms old and dated but everyone nice and we did have a nice swim in heated pool + relax in steam room.Overall we loved it as it made my birthday special and we could walk anywhere from the hotel... would def stay again.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fantastic!	My wife and I spent two weeks in England, with a stay at a different hotel for the first week, a two day stint in Paris for a change of pace, and then finished up the vacation with a stay at the Waldorf Hilton. This was a fantastic hotel and I recommend it without hesitation.The room we had (an executive room on the 4th floor) was very nice. It had a wonderfully comfortable bed, a powerful and relaxing shower, and even a heated towel rack (very nice touch). There was plenty of room for all of our luggage and clothes and everything else. The executive lounge that we had access to by virtue of our room was a very nice feature, with a delicious breakfast (pretty good selection for a continental), a good selection of worldwide papers and magazines, free Internet access (only available in the bedrooms for a fee), and free drinks and snacks (delicious cookies and a decent selection of wine!) throughout the day. The health club (located in the hotel, but not part of it; guests of the hotel get free access) was well equipped and allowed us to get good workouts in during our stay (and keep up with our triathlon training plan). We had afternoon tea at the champagne bar and the food and service was excellent there as well.The staff was just as good as the hotel itself. The concierge did a wonderful job trying to get us reservations with very short notice and then suggested an alternative place when our plans did not pan out ... and we were glad that happened, as the place they steered us to was amazing (Gaucho Grill, right Chauncey Lane)...highly recommended! They were also very helpful with shipping some of our stuff home to avoid overweight luggage. :)All-in-all, this place is great. The rooms are fantastic, the executive lounge wonderful, and the staff great. Highly recommend!	
Aug 21 2009 	It could be great but…	I really want to like and rate the Waldorf Hilton highly, but I have had a few experiences that don’t let me recommend it 100%. I visit London primarily for business, not leisure (although when I am there, I do like to sneak in a visit to a museum, just take in the sites, shop, eat out, etc.). I have stayed twice at the Waldorf in an executive room. I have chosen it because of its location, its gym, and common Hilton perks: rooms are spacious and beds firm and comfy, complimentary bottled water, business lounge with unlimited beverages, internet, and snacks, + extensive buffet breakfast. However, both times that I have stayed, I have had to change rooms: the first time we were put on the first floor and there was some sort of party (likely a bachelor party based on what we heard) in the room next to us. The night management came up once by itself to “check”, and then again when I called down, but never did anything about it and the noise continued until the party itself decided to end around 3am. I asked to be put onto a business only or some other “quiet” floor and we were moved to the 8th floor, which was very nice and quiet. For the second visit, I requested the 8th floor, but was put in a 7th floor room (which also has a majority of executive/business rooms), but the room had no windows except a portal in the wall and a ceiling window that had no shades and was woken up with the birds at about 5am with no way of shutting out the sunlight. Additionally, the cleaning staff severely over-perfumed/deodorized this room (which may have been because of a slight musty under-smell in the room - poor ventilation?), as well as the one we moved into (which was nice and quiet) despite our repeated requests not to do so, and since you cannot open any of the windows in the hotel (safety reasons), this was someone unpleasant. In both circumstances the day staff was very professional and accommodating. I cannot tell if we just had bad luck or our experiences were symptomatic of potentially more systemic features of the hotel: (a) maybe not all the rooms are to the same standard, but when the hotel books to 100% a percentage of people are going to get a bad room, (b) the hotel is in an old building and may need infrastructure renovations (ventilation, piping, etc), but instead they are trying to cover it with perfume and cosmetic renovations, (c) night staff and cleaning staff may need more training or management, (d) given its location in the theatre district, it is more likely to have big groups of people staying in the hotel for “a night out” and hence despite its business features, it is not necessarily the best hotel to guarantee quiet and a good night’s sleep for a business trip. The Waldorf has many pluses and I have had many good experiences at other Hilton properties, so I may take another chance, and hence recommend it with reservations. Only you can decide if you think the pluses outweigh the negatives or the inconsistencies.	
Aug 20 2009 	5 star??? Big disappointment!	After just a short time in the hotel my wife &amp; I wondered how could the waldorf have a 5 star rating. Having had the pleasure of staying in quite a few 5 stars over the past few years particurarly in Ireland the Waldorf fell way below what we imagined. Firstly, we checked in at 2.30pm and were told our room was not ready which we had absolutely no problem with as check in was 3pm. However the receptionist informed us she had a 'big' room put aside for us so we went away for a drink excited about our 'big' room. The room was on the 7th floor &amp; was in no way big. It had a small window and was a rather dark room. Not 5 star standard. Breakfast was just ok but it was self service, staff were non attentive as we stood at the door waiting to be seated for some minutes &amp; the food area was littered with stains &amp; scraps. We watched as one member of staff cleared a table and brushed the breadcrumbs onto the floor but failed to replace the table cloth for the next guests. How can this be 5 star??? The hotel is overall bland, nothing that stands out as being 'grand' or unique and I could not recommened this to those that are looking for that 5 star luxury.	
Aug 16 2009 	Lovely treat but some bits disappointing.	My partner planned this as a birthday treat, knowing that I love London. I was very impressed at the idea of staying at the Waldorf and the guest room was indeed lovely - clean, comfortable and beautiful. Jay had asked them to put rose petals on the bed, which they arranged in a heart shape (for an extra fee). They also sent up a complimentary birthday cake, which was a lovely touch. However, the staff told Jay they had upgraded us due to the special occasion - after looking at the website, I think we still had the 1st room option!The breakfast was slightly disappointing for a 5* hotel, as noted in other reviews. The spa, although not owned or run by the hotel, was very disappointing - small, dirty and in disrepair. It really should not have been used by the hotel since it does let the hotel rating down. Other than that, a lovely treat. Very well positioned for all the sights and for transport purposes.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent Location	The staff were polite and the service was excellent. Our room was a reasonable size although the bathroom was a bit small. Also it was partitioned from the rest of the room with frosted glass panels and the door had no lock !! The bed was also a bit soft. The location is excellent if you are planning to see a show. We were at the Aldwych and it was right next door !! Other theatres are just round the corner. We had room at the front and it was a bit noisy. The only thing I did not like was the LA fitness leisure complex. The pool surroundings were in a poor condition (broken or missing tiles) and there were only 2 loungers within the whole pool area. Hardly enough for a hotel of that size !! and they insisted that I wear a swimming hat. Apart from looking daft it was very uncomfortable and would stop me ever going in their leisure complex again !!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Good but Exec lounge needs revamp	Some very good aspects to this hotel. Location for Strand etc is unbeatable and I found the Exec bedroom very comfortable (whereas colleague of mine had room with no window/natural light). I stay at many Hiltons worldwide, have their Platinum Honors membership etc so know their offerings and found the Exec Lounge here very disappointing - small and so totally packed out with people (breakfast and early evening) and food was very poor. The Champagne bar and restaurant are good though for evening snack / dinner respectively and both surprisingly good value, relatively speaking . Service in both was good. Will stay here again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Outstanding service and value in central London	My wife and I booked a room for 3 nights and came away hugely impressed by the high level of service and consideration shown us. After a first night on the 7th floor where the noise of police sirens into the early hours resulted in a largely sleepless night - no fault of the hotel - I politely requested a quieter location next morning. Whilst we were away, our luggage was collected from our original room and we were transferred to an upgraded room on the first floor where peace and tranquility was restored. There was no suggestion of an added charge and the whole operation was carried out with efficiency and good nature. Even when my wife's pyjamas were inadvertently not packed in our luggage, (entirely our fault) a search was made to find them. They were traced to the housekeper's department, washed and ironed and delivered wrapped to our new room, again with a smile and no charge. Breakfasts on all three days were excellent and the staff were always poised to be helpful and of service. We booked at a very fair price - £143 pn double, including breakfast, and considered we had had a good deal and came away greatly impressed. Speak reasonably and be treated generously in return was our experience. Well done Waldorf Hilton, a truly fine place to stay.Michael McEvoy (North Wales). : :	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location - but somehow lacking	First, let me say the hotel is over 100 years old - what should we expect? The staff were always very helpful and always met our needs. We were in an executive room (diamond upgrade), but the room was fairly small. It was also kind of strange that there were no drawers other than one small drawer in the end table by the bed. The bathroom was laid out in a very weird manner. You got all tangled up in the shower door and the bathroom door. All that said, the location and staff made up for whatever short comings the hotel had. We could walk to 3 tube stations; the bus stopped right outside the hotel; and cabs were always available. We walked more than normal but that was good as well. The executive lounge was also very nice. As others have said there were frosted windows which were kind of strange. Always had a decent selection for breakfast - they gave us the option to eat in the dining room but we never did. Probably should have at least given it a try. All in all, not a bad stay in a decent room in an old hotel in a great location.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great room	Moved here after a dreadful night at the Strand Palace Hotel; The first room I was put in was small and had not been cleaned properly. I was immediately upgraded to an executive room which was great, nice size, slightly quirky decor but really comfortable, only let down by poor sound insulation which allowed a significant amount of street noise in.The executive lounge was ok for breakfast.Overall a good place to stay (in an executive room)	
Jul 31 2009 	Faded and inefficient glory	I booked a deluxe room at the Waldorf for a birthday treat for my wife. Just to be clear, this came in at about UK £260. That is the most expensive hotel room I have ever booked in the UK or the USA. Due to being Hilton Gold, after a little prompting at check in we were upgraded to a King size Exec Room, with use of the Exec Lounge.Sadly, the Lounge has no view and is rather claustrophobic. The bedroom was...odd, and inefficient. There is a lot of space, and it had a very comfortable and generously proportioned bed. The washing area is all sort of part of the room, with the loo behind an unlockable door, and there was no real space to hang towels up in a useful part of that area. It was a triumph of design over common sense, really. Also, the toiletries provided were ungenerous, which did not impress for a hotel like this.If I had been travelling on business, I would have been furious. The desk area is cramped, and the desk incredibly small. I have stayed at bog-standard Hiltons in minor cities with a real work sized desk. Here, at over US$400, I had a small desk cluttered with junk. Had I had my laptop and wanted to work I would have been very unhappy.From a leisure point of view, several of the TV channels had very bad reception. In the days of cable etc there is simply no excuse for this at all. We had a leisurely afternoon nap before going out to the theatre and dinner. I was HORRIFIED that our room had not had a turn-down service, and looked, frankly, as messy as we had left it. Again, for the price and reputation, this is simply UNACCEPTABLE. I have had throrough turn-downs at hotels half the price.We had dinner in the hotel restaurant, as well as breakfast the next morning. Without wanting to sound racist, it was hard finding staff whose first language was English, and this helped to contribute to really inadequate service at dinner (when we were one of only two pairs dining), and unremarkable service at breakfast.If the hotel was not as expensive, and the facilities better thought out, it could be ideal. At this price and with this slovenly quality, I will not be going back.	
Jul 31 2009 	Disappointing	Small and squeezed room, weird architecture, no separation between bathroom and room, noise from fan outside (building A/C), noisy room A/C, toilet light out of order, bad television picture (noise/grayish colours).I didn't feel well in the room and found it depressing. I had a horrible sleep. I just hope that it was a downgraded room and that the rest of the hotel is not like that.Last but not least, I have been waken up at 5am by a wake-up call I didn't request !It does definitely not worth a 5-star hotel but is more like a 3-star hotel.The only positive element I can find about this hotel is the location.	
Jul 30 2009 	Traffic Noise - beware but good	2 stays this year. Once with my wife and once taking 4 rooms (2 customers and a colleague). 1st stay I took one of the amazingly modern new room conversions on the 1st floor. (Exec). Its open plan and once you get used to the fact the loo and shower are simply in the room behind their own frosted glass its really quiet good. So not Hilton. Its like being in a boutique hotel. But.....and isnt there always, the rooms face onto Aldwych and are just at double Decker bus height. There's more frosted glass to the windows so no-one stares in but there is no shutting out the traffice noise. If you dont care about the noise I'd really recommend trying one of these rooms. As good as Firmdale Hotels (Google that and you will see what I mean). Anyway, my wife and I are actually over the top about noise so next time I went I got an exec room that faces inward. Totally silent and junior suite sized space. Breakfast is above average. - free as usual in the exec lounge but actuallly worth passing up. The almost silver service standard full english in the splendid main restaurant is worth experiencing. Don't bother with the spa, its outsourced and is a serious weight pumpers paradise. Go there if you are fitness fanatic, it actually smelt of sweat in the changing rooms. Not dirty, but businesslike where business is proper exercise.I prefer luxury.Really, this is not your typical Hilton.	
Jul 22 2009 	Thoroughly enjoyed!!!	After reading some of the latest reviews of this hotel we were not expecting much, however we really enjoyed our stay here. The reception area is quite small but uncluttered and the staff helpful. Our tv was not working when we arrived and so reported it to the front desk who somehow forgot to tell the maintenance crew. But when I again reported it a maintenance man appeared within minutes, very appologetic as no one had informed him. After a simple fix, power was restored and we were happy...10 minutes later reception rang to make sure everything was indeed ok and did we need anything else.We wished we had booked for the tea dance held on Sunday afternoon in the Palm Court with a band and Tango dancing, maybe next time.We did have a drink in the bar which had very friendly service and an extensive cocktail menu with reasonable prices, ideal for a pre- theatre drink.We enjoyed the breakfast although we stuck to the continental as even I couldn't eat a full English breakfast . The setting in the Homage restaurant was really relaxing with classical music being played at 8am.We had requested a high floor and quiet room and although our room, 734 faced the busy main road it was surprisingly very quiet.The beds were very comfortable and the decor was calming. Our newspapers left in a small bag on the door outside meant we were not disturbed at all. And yes, the mohair throw which appears on the hotel website was soft and comfortable on the bed...We were able to leave our luggage quite safely after check out and went just around the corner to enjoy Covent Garden and to make the most of our time there. We found the staff to be friendly and attentive, or maybe as we were polite and friendly to them we enjoyed very good service. My daughter cannot wait to return before the end of the school hols. This is one of the few stays in London when we have walked every where we did not need to take a taxi anywhere.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great position - weird service	We were excited to be staying at the Hilton Waldorf - and the room did not let us down. It was a standard deluxe room with a lovely bathroom and great fittings and fixtures.The decor is excellent and definitely impressed - as did the Homage bar area downstairs. The prices are steep - but you expect that to a certain extent.There are spectacular other bars and hotels nearby which we also frequented and Drury Lane is just around the corner. .. as is Covent Garden.We also got Cheap Tix at Covent Garden to a musical in the West End - La Cage au Folles - which we can definintely recommend - a evening of pure laughter and entertainment.We walked everywhere from here - which was a great base for us in London and much better than our previous stays as Oxford Street is also not far away.The hotel also have complimentary umbrellas - which was handy as it rained nearly our whole stay. Didn't dampen our spirits though.The breakfasts in the lovely doining room were excellent and the staff there spectacular. Thoroughly recommend it as one of the best on our trip.Some issues though were being called at 11.30pm and woken up to be told that we had not supplied our credit card on check in ... 9 hours earlier ... which we had. Then the bar rang us to advise us the same!Going down the next morning it was found that we HAD supplied it. Why disturb us at 11.30!The concierge was no help when asked if they could tell us where sopme markets other than Covent Garden were - as we love antiques. &quot;I don't know&quot; was the answer. No customer service, no offer to find out and let us know.Then on check out we were told our account was already paid... lovely ... but when we asked to see it - we found it had been charged to someone else!Internet available in your room but the &quot;Business Centre&quot; is only available to the Executive Suites. Would I stay there again? Yes ... but double check all the procedures needed for checkin and your account at the end.	
Jul 20 2009 	Nice Hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights and were very impressed with the staff - all very friendly and helpful. The room was adequate - a little on the small side - but we had a nice view out the front of the building. The bathroom was lovely - very large with heated towel rack. The best part was the Executive Lounge - with full breakfast, lovely afternoon tea, cocktails and appetizers in the evening and tea and cookies at night - really wonderful!	
Jul 18 2009 	Covered up dingy hotel with modern trappings	We booked this hotel to be near to St Pancras as we were departing on Eurostar next day. For this reason only, it was a good choice. We got a package with breakfast included but still expensive. The breakfast was not good anyway, the service was mediocre and the food was under par. This is an old hotel taken over by the Hilton chain. It could be beautiful but it is not. It is dingy. The carpets on each floor are showing black around the sides dues to dirt/mould. Unacceptable for a 5 star (it is not 5 star). The lobby is not attractive at all. Hilton needs to invest massively to bring this hotel up to a good standard, it is shameful. The rooms are acceptable in terms of good beds, but the windows are old and dingy, the bathrooms are not good and the atmosphere is ridiculous - an old 'dame' of a hotel with bedrooms that look cheap and do not at all fit with the decor of the hotel. Everything about his hotel is mediocre and disappointing. There are many other hotels in central London at this price offering much more. Hilton management - you need to get this hotel refurbished.	
Jul 18 2009 	Not as expected for a Hotel of this standing	Room far from the elevator and too contemporary styled with a view on the inner hotel part , Executive Lounge with a limited variety of treats, Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries..Fantastic bedding and available lounge receptionists.	
Jul 14 2009 	Pefect for an ovenoght stay	Good standard throughout. Attentive staff. Comfortable bed, clean room. Quiet and effective air-conditioning. Dark curtains helped us to sleep on late.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location and the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in!	This hotel is in a great location- about a 10 minute walk from 3 different tube lines, so you can easily get wherever you want in Central London. The room was very comfortable- modern accessories, SOFT comfortable bed, and a great bathroom. I was staying by myself and felt very comfortable. Tons of restaurants nearby- I'd highly recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 13 2009 	excellent hotel in excellent location	We selected this hotel based primarily on location, however we were not disappointed. We arrived early (around 10 AM) and the staff made everything possible for us to have our room ready early. The room was very clean and cleaned regularly (at least twice daily). And the location, in Covent Garden area, is hard to beat, close to a lot of primary tourist objectives and entertainment venues. The staff was very friendly and professional. We will definitely return.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel!	From start to finish the hotel was stunning.Our check in experience was effortless and the room was just amazing a 50 inch flat screen tv and a bed to die for, it was so comfortable. The room itself was so quiet and had no issues with noise considering it was in central London.The Breakfast was stunning and a fantastic choice of foods that could not be beaten.The bars were very expensive but this is to be expected with a central London hotel, the service overall was second to none!If you want a hotel that is close to everything then this is the hotel for you! right in the heart of all of theatreland and everything any london traveller would wish for!A1!	
Jul 8 2009 	Comfortable Accomodations Personal Service and Great Location	I've had the pleasure of staying at the Waldorf London several times over the past 10 years. I keep going back for several reasons.My Hilton status allows me to receive one of the hotel's Executive suites. For Euro hotels the place is large, with a separate sitting and sleeping area, and a large well equipped bathroom. We tend to stay on the inside (facing a relatively unattractive courtyard roof). While the view is not exceptional, the peace and quiet are. I would recommend sacrificing generally mundane views of the street for the solitude of a good night's sleep. Aldwych and the west end can be noisy.Breakfasts both in the main restaurant (Homage) and in the Executive Lounge are nicely done and very tasty. The Executive Lounge fare gets a bit tiresome after awhile as the same offerings are presented each day. Still, there is enough of a selection to allow for variation. I would not rate it as highly as that presented at what was formerly the Hilton Paris or at the Conrad Tokyo, but it is tasty and reasonable.The staff were always very helpful. In the years I have been staying here, I've never experienced poor customer service. When we arrived early, for instance, they took us to the Executive Lounge for a relaxing drink whilst our room was being prepared. Our baggage was delivered during our absence from the room just as promised. Whenever we ask for directions, recommendations, taxis, etc. we are always greeted with friendly and welcoming faces. I find that many who experience poor service often are those who themselves present with poor behaviour. Pushy, loud and obnoxious customers often receive less than stellar service - or rather - experience what they receive, as poor. The Waldorf staff from front desk, to bellmen, to the delightful housekeepers are excellent.If you're staying in London I doubt you could find a more appealing location. It is CENTRAL to everything. Why stay way out in Knightsbridge or Earls Court when you can stay in the heart of everything. Easy access to two tube stations, walking distance to Westminster, West End theatres, Shakespeare's Globe, and more. You'll not find a better location.My criticisms are minor. A few years back they embarked upon a modernisation scheme for their lifts (elevators). One would think that during that time fans could have been installed. The Waldorf's lifts have to be the warmest I have ever experienced, with nil in the way of airflow. Some of the lifts in the horribly hot Tube stations (e.g. Covent Garden) are cooler than those at the Waldorf. When in fancy dress, it gets pretty hot. While it is true our holiday took place in one of the worst heat waves the UK has experienced, it is also true that I've noted these hot lifts regardless of the time of year.It would be nice if there were a second customer computer in the Executive Lounge. I suspect there are more in the business office but I never enquired.It's a modern feature found in many many hotels round the world, but I'm not a big fan of the frosted glass door to the bathroom. It is too revealing. While it was ok for us, if we were simply roommates, not so much. Unfortunately in the modern style these doors and many like it are all the rage.Finally - they need more functional electrical outlets in the room. I wound up plugging everything from camera chargers to the iron into a very inconvenient outlet inside the closet. No other outlets, turned on or off, functioned for traditional UK electrical plugs. This was made more inconvenient as the tea making facility is also in the closet and requires moving to plug in other appliances.Apart from these very minor issues, I would give this hotel a big thumbs up - and I'd say 3.5 out of 4 stars. When in London, there is no question where I will continue to stay.	
Jun 29 2009 	Have a problem? Talk to Georg!	We booked an executive room for 5 days recently. The room was fine, but even as Hilton Gold card members, we did not receive an upgrade. The bed had a &quot;gully&quot; on the right side, so the mattress needs to be flipped or replaced. The only way to receive free internet is to go to the executive lounge, which only has one computer, which, not surprisingly, is in constant demand. A 5-star hotel should have free wi-fi in every room; truly as important nowadays as a telephone in every room was 50 years ago. The hotel sent us champagne on our anniversary, and the next day, sent a small cake for my 50th birthday - both kind gestures MUCH appreciated! Now, upon our return a week later, we had a &quot;regular&quot; room for one night, the DREADED room 235, which because of a problem with the bathroom shower flooding the bathroom floor, the poor bed (shaped like a U), the iron and TV not working - should be remodeled/fixed or CLOSED off until it can be upgraded. Anyway, we happened to ride down the elevator with Georg (pronounced &quot;Gay-org&quot; like the captain in the Sound of Music), a hotel manager, and mentioned that the room had &quot;issues&quot; and that we were disappointed to not have an upgrade AGAIN with this visit. Georg was wonderful! He took the time to explain why an upgrade was not possible because of demand, but then comp-ed us a dinner and gave us access to the executive lounge (which we only used for about 10 min. to check our email - but it was still appreciated) and made sure we were feeling better about the situation. Even though that particular room was awful, we feel we can still recommend this hotel for our the first 5 days of our stay AND the level of service we received while we were there. Georg is a hero to us!	
Jun 21 2009 	5 star for Business or Pleasure	The hotel is in a great location beside covent garden. The service is excellent and rooms of a very good standard. As a business traveller the only problem I has was no free wi fi, for a 5 star hotel this should be standard. Get this right and the hotel is simply perfect. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a break in London and particuarly wants to take in the West End. For the business traveller its perfect too, especially the executive rooms and lounge	
Jun 21 2009 	Very Good Hotel	We booked the hotel in January and got a very good half-price deal on an executive room. All staff are incredibly helpful and highly professional. The Hotel is in a prime location for the theatre district and Covent Garden and has an imposing facade, reflecting its Edwardian heritage. However, I am perplexed as to why the reception has not a trace of the architecture of that period. Perhaps it was removed during a different era, but it is possible to retain the ethos of the original features, whilst adding modern touches. The cocktail bar also had a slightly disjointed feel. That apart, the hotel is very impressive and the breakfast room and Palm Court retain their original opulence. The buffet breakfast was wonderful and, as we booked an executive room, we also enjoyed the facilities in the private lounge. The food we ate there was excellent and I wish we had dined in Homage, the hotel's restaurant. We had a fantastic break and would recommend the hotel, but it's not cheap.	
Jun 18 2009 	Wonderful but noisy	We had an executive level room, wonderful and very spacious. Breakfast was up to a 5 star hotel. Location is one of the most convenient in London, near Covent Garden. However, being in the middle of London entertainment area, the place is very noisy. Room windows were not soundproofed and ou could hear the traffic all night long.	
Jun 17 2009 	Not good	Overpriced, bathroom in bad condition. Overcharged at checkout (did refund overcharge after complaining). Room description does not reflect actuals rooms on website. Would not go again.	
Jun 10 2009 	Good west end hotel	Actually a good hotel - the only thing is that it is a bit more expensive than it deserves to be (other hotels nearby equally good and cheaper). Having said that, the hotel has a great location.Rooms are fine, complete with mini-bar, coffee/ tea maker + biscuits and all other standard stuff.Views are awful (don't exist) - better not open the windows in most rooms :-(I've stayed twice, and both times had some issues with their handling of my credit card/ taking the 'hold' imprint at time of check-in and later cancelling the hold once I've settled the bill.	
Jun 8 2009 	Birthday Weekend at the Waldorf	My boyfriend booked a weekend stay at this hotel for my birthday. This was our first trip to London and we booked this hotel based on location and because my boyfriend is a Hilton Diamond member and the service is always great. We arrived into Gatwick airport and took the first capital connect train to London Bridge Station. It only cost 17 pounds roundtrip. Then from there we took the bus to the hotel although I wouldn't recommend doing that. The bus was so crowded we couldn't even sit down. When we left we took a cab and it was only 10 pounds to the station and we got there alot faster. We arrived on Saturday around 11am. Check in isn't until 3 pm but they sent us up to the executive lounge for about an hour while they finished getting the room ready and we were able to check in early. We were also told upon arrival that since we were celebrating my birthday that a complimentary cake would be sent up and we would get a full english breakfast while we were there which we greatly appreciated. We booked a Queen Deluxe room. It was on the 4th floor overlooking the main street. The room was great. It was better than we expected. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was plenty big enough. It even had heated towel racks! We loved the modern decor of the hotel. Breakfast at the Waldorf was great. It is in a beautiful ballroom. Even if you don't eat there you should take a peek in the ballroom. It is really beautiful. The whole staff was very friendly and was more than helpful in answering any questions we had especially the staff of the executive lounge. Sunday we asked them for a resturant recommendation and they told us to try either Christophers or Sophies. We went to Sophies. It is open late unlike most resturaunts in London on Sunday night and it is right by the hotel. The food and service was exceptional. I would highly recommend trying it. Overall I would say this is a perfect choice for anyone staying in London. It couldn't be in a more perfect location. We didn't have to take a cab anywhere and we went all over London. It is only one block from the river Thames and there is plenty of shopping ansd resturaunts right in Covent Garden not to mention the many theatres! Thank you Waldorf for making my birthday unforgettable!	
Jun 6 2009 	Excellent	Recently stayed at the Waldorf as I was working in London and I can honestly say it the best hotel I have stayed in there... in fact within a week of my return Ive booked in again for a city break.All the staff were extremely polite, room was immaculate (although slightly small) and service was 5* which was great to receive as I booked a great/reasonable deal with lastminute so wasnt sure if Id get the broom cupboard....One slight issue arose.. you need to make sure you know what breakfast is included with the deal - I ended up with a continental but paid for full... there were apologetic when I asked on check out.	
May 31 2009 	great hotel perfect location - but where do you put your clothes?	We stayed in the Waldorf Hilton for two days in May 2009. There were four of us, so we were able to compare two rooms. One was considerably bigger than the other, and with a better view. Both were spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The staff were exceptionally pleasant and helpful. Breakfast in the very grand dining-room was very good as buffets go. The location couldn't be better - in the heart of the West End, a stone's throw from Covent Garden and on the direct tube line from Heathrow. The only problem was that, while each room had a wardrobe, neither had a single drawer to put your clothes! We ended up living out of our suitcases for two days. It seems a strange oversight, given the thought that has gone in to everything else.	
May 27 2009 	Good Hotel great location	We arrived very early from Hong Kong from a very miserable flight and was able to check in straightaway (given that our normal checkin would have been around 2pm). The hotel has old style charm with very helpful staff. The rooms are slightly small but i suppose this is to expected in london, however the decor is quite modern. One complain i would make about the bathroom/shower, it is poorly designed (the room we were in anyway) and the water ran all over the bathroom floor. The breakfast selection is awesome and the service was very good. The location of the hotel is definitely a plus for the hotel, Covent garden, Strand &amp; trafalgar sqaure all are short walk away with good restaurants nearby as well. There is big red bus stop right in front of the hotel as well for those interested in this tour. Overall we had a pleasant stay for the duration of our stay.	
May 26 2009 	Wonderful hotel in great location	Maybe hotels are having to try a bit harder these days, but we really couldn't fault this hotel, so convenient for Covent Garden. We got a great deal off lastminute.com and wondered what kind of a room we'd get. It was well done , one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in, great bathroom soaps and potions , iron , tea and coffee etc, no view but that's a big city for you. There's a complementary pool and gym in the basement , the staff at reception and door couldn't be faulted, and as it was my birthday a lovely cake appeared in the room. Breakfast in the Palm Court was fantastic and actually great value. I'd definitely stay here again - much nicer than most hotels I've stayed in.	
May 24 2009 	Old World Style	There was something of the old fashioned stylish hotel about the Waldorf. Certainly there are more outwardly glamorous hotels, and indeed ones with more facilities but few have the original charm and unobvious sophistication of this hotel. My only complaint was that the porter that I spoke to regarding parking my car nearby for one hour, was only interested in 'selling' me the hotel parking service - the charge for which was something over £25 and was based on a 24 hour parking charge. I seriously resented this as I made it clear to him 'twice' that I only wanted to park for an hour and just wanted some advice about street parking. Ultimately, I rejected his potestation that this was the best option available and found metered on-street parking 500yards from the hotel for £3 for one hour. Other than this issue, I had a fabulous stay in lovely hotel with great service and a wonderful breakfast which did great justice to the much maligned 'Full English Breakfast'.	
May 24 2009 	Another Wonderful Stay.	What can I say, for us the Waldorf always delivers. Good room, great food, exellent service. The staff are friendly and very helpful, the location is just right, being close to Covent Garden and lots of theatres. Will definitely be coming back.	
May 20 2009 	Greatest breakfast ever in great location	The high-quality of the service levels, bed, bath, towels, linen, umbrella in closet, and FEB (Full English breakfast) at this hotel, ( admittedly after 2 weeks of variable quality hotels in Iran) was like being in heaven - choices of fruit, cereals, juices, peppermint tea without question, FEB ( i only declined the black pudding component), toast, huge choice of finest conserves, honey etc etc. I realise breakfast is a very important criterion to me...In previous visits to London we have struggled up small staircases lugging huge cases, this was back to normal. Got a great special price on Internet.Only gripe was extortionate rate on in-room Internet service. Went back for 1 night en route France to flight to US- got a better room on 7th floor with nice view over roofs of London, should have taken up offer of the ride to Airport in the Hotel car (Jaguar)...	
May 20 2009 	Excellent service	Service level was excellent, the staff was friendly and helpfull. The room was Large, nice and quiet. A big toilet and a seperat room to hang jackets, with safety boks and minibar. A lot of busses drove to the door. Fitness facilitys was excellents and there was a nice pool as well.Only minus is you are going to use the underground metro, there is 10 minutes walk to the nearest station.	
May 18 2009 	A nice train station (but poor hotel)	An interesting arrival, No-one on the door and only two check-in staff - for such a large hotel -resulted in a long wait in the freezing lobby. Room not available so I waited for a couple of hours in the freezing lobby with a collection of other guests waiting for rooms. The lady serving coffee from the cafe was very nice! Had to pay twice for internet as the wireless came before the room. Although more than delighted to reach a warm room I can't say that it was up to standard. Small, cramped and slightly shabby. Overlooking a wall which would be OK if the lights were bright! But 20W and 40W bulbs made it feel like victorian London. There are nicer hotels and much better Hiltons in London.	
May 15 2009 	Excellent service 	We stayed at the Hilton for one night (just before taking the Eurostar to Paris) -loved the updated room and the location and the service was impeccable. No complaints at all-it was expensive but you get what you pay for!	
May 14 2009 	stylish old building - remodelled rooms - great location	located just off Covent Garden, it is great for shopping and theatres for sure.its based in an old building, so you have to accept that it was not designed as a hotel and some things are a bit strange.the rooms are quite big and reasonably well kept - modern/antique type styling if you know what I mean.if you're going away for the weekend with the wife, its a good choice.not the cheapest, but what is in London?!The only pain was that the hotel has a health club in the basement which guests have access to but they do not run - it closes at 6pm every day!!! I wanted a Sauna in the evening, but not go	
May 13 2009 	disappointing...over priced......not 5*.	We 'treated' ourselves to a 2 night stay at the Waldorf as it was my birthday. As soon as we walked in the door we felt like we had been ripped off. The hotel just doesn't hold up to it's reputation of a luxury 5*. I knew that they had 2 different style rooms, modern and classic and i asked for a modern room as that is our normal preferance......however, they have gone slightly overboard with the whole minimal theme, making the room utterly characterless, not what you would imagine in a building with as much history as the Waldorf. In all honesty, although they say that the wood for the desk is imported from blah blah blah.....it looked like Ikea to me! I could have been in a Travel Lodge!The hallways looked tired and grubby, and our view of the noisy airconditioning system was not appealing. Breakfast (buffet style) was terrible. I dont expect to get a buffet in a 5*..... I want to choose my food and have it freshly prepared for me! Maybe I expect too much..... I don't know, but at these prices I expected more than cornflakes and undercooked bacon. All in all, a terrible, expensive mistake, we would have had just a nice time staying in the travel lodge round the corner for less than half the price.(oh and just to make everyone aware...the 'spa' is actually LA fitness next door...and it's £15 A DAY for wifi in the room...like they haven't already had enough of you money!)	
May 10 2009 	Why cant they just try?	The hotel has a headline 5 star rating but the bottom line is it falls very short of where it should be. I have (secretly) enjoyed my wifes passion for nice hotels and thought i would treat my Mum to what I hoped would be a classic in London. The website shows glamour. Yes the old ballroom is grand and its a lovely place to have breakfast and discuss why did we think this would be a good idea. So the history: I saw a headline rate including breakfast and tried to book 2 rooms. I could only get one, the second room cost almost a hundred more because there is only 1 room per night available at that rate! I did finally get them to do a second room at this rate. The hotel is not the beautiful place you see. It is an average small lobby with no flow to the hotel. You'll see it all because there are no directions or labels on doors so you'll stroll round looking for breakfast. The rooms we had were small, the linen nice, but there is just no effort made on any frount. On trying to resolve a minor issue i got a flat 'I dont care' attitude. This was refIected in most of the interactions I had and you get a distinct feel they are just hoping you would go away. I stay in London around once a month on business and my company doesnt pay more than 140 a night and i've stayed in much better 3 stars so unless you get a great rate and only need a bed I'd advise you look elsewhere..	
May 7 2009 	One word … Shocking! And not in a good way!	My friends and I had exec rooms during our girlies pampering weekend in London. We had varying room standard even though we all paid the same price. Rooms were generally nice and clean but not impressive. I have stayed in a few Hiltons in Europe before, I know that the standard varies but never have I experienced anything that was unacceptable, until now! We were looking forward to making use of the facilities on offer in the hotel but we were shocked to discover that the pictures on the website of the pool/spa area where taken 10 yrs ago, in fact it was in such a run down state that I think we have grounds to sue under the trade descriptions act! The pool/spa area is located in the basement, the changing room was dark and dingy, wood surfaces were discoloured and flaking and generally smelt of damp. Through a long tunnel (that resemble something you’d see in a 2nd World War escape tunnel) from the changing is the pool area. The deliberate dark lighting couldn’t hide the peeling paint everywhere! The brown floor tiles which I suspect started life as white or pink. Sauna and steam rooms were tiny, 3rd world showers facilities… all in a shocking! Not exactly what you expect from a 5 star hotel! I wouldn’t taint the whole Hilton brand, but my recommendation for you if you are looking to stay in London is to give the Waldrof a miss. For the price they charge you are better off using a different 5 star hotel chain or pay less for non pretentious hotel at least you get what you pay for.	
May 6 2009 	Hmm...nice location but service just isn't right.!!!	Some of these big guys just don't get it. The hotels are so large that the customer just does not get to be noticed. When I arrived there was a doorman/porter who just stood at the door and did not even offer to open it! I did not expect Shangri La Hong Kong style service but the basics i did expect!The reception desk was efficient but obviously I was only one of many to be checked-in yesterday afternoon and nothing special. Room service staff were functional - no stating any particular dishes or recommendations, no offer of specific drinks - just basic &quot;can i take your order...&quot;. Staff were too busy running around doing this and doing that and had no time for me or my requirements since they simply did not ask. I do travel alot and am now starting to write reviews since it's important that we get the service culture right since we are becoming more of a Service Country Industry. These guys supposedly spend £££ on training but if it doesn't get delivered on the ground to the customer - it is a waste of time.Nice looking hotel, but as I say - nice to look at - not to stay in!	
May 6 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Great Hotel in central London location, wonder staff and fantastic reastuarant!!We hada great room overlooking the front of the hotel - very modern, but really nice	
May 6 2009 	Fantastic Location. That was really the only plus.	Excellent location for sightseeing. The breakfast was included but not impressive. The room was very oddly laid out. Appreciated the modern styling but not practical. The shower door practically opened up in to the bedroom. And even though we were only on the 2nd floor it took a while to get to the room because of the layout. Not at all impressed.	
May 4 2009 	LocationLocationLocation! Excellant Hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Waldorf April 24-may 1st. We got upgraded to a executive room because we are gold Vip members with Hilton. That was a total perk,got daily breakfast,snacks during the day,open bar from 6-8pm every evening. We totally took advantage of that! The Hotel is in the heart of the city,just a short walk to everything.The Waldorf sits in front of Covent Garden,which houses plenty of shops and restaurants,all just walking distance.The hotel staff was efficient and friendly,and the room wasclean ,modern ,quiet and has a VERY comfortable bed. We slept like babies aftera long day out as tourists.	
Apr 27 2009 	Overall good experience	I stayed with a friend for a Saturday night on a shopping trip to London.Pros:Great location, staff pleasant and helpful, excellent breakfast in wonderfully light atrium, very clean. We had access to the executive lounge because of our room typeCons: (relatively minor quibbles!):Decor throughout neutral browns- nice of itself, but I found the dull grey/ taupe tones flat and rather gloomy;Spacious room but rather dark, not enhanced by same dark decor;Inadequate seating in the executive lounge on Saturday evening. We stood for 10 mins with our drinks, but a member of staff did offer to find us chairs just as we were leaving.I would stay again, but only on a special rate.	
Apr 26 2009 	Average for a Hilton	Good location, although I like the Trafalgar Hilton location better and the rooms at the Trafalgar Hilton are much, much, better. When I arrived to the hotel, there was several steps to navigate and a door to manually open to get to the lobby. I did see two bell men through the glass door, but none offered to help me with my luggage that I was struggling with. The elevators are small. The carpet in my room is very dirty. There was hair on the white bed covering. The shower is old. The view from my room was of a brick wall and the air conditioning units on the building next door. The bed was the worst I have slept on for a long time. I guess the place is priced right considering it is not up to par with other Hilton properties I stay at around the World. If you are looking for average, this is it.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great service -dated showers	On arrival ,check in was dealt swiftly and bags got delivered to room on time.Stayed in Queen deluxe room on a first floor with open view shower(not separated by a door-which I find extremely odd).The room had a view to fire escape on a courtyard :-(.The shower in need of update fast,consisting late 90-s famous frozen glass look and rickety looking infinity type of shower mixer.I found it very annoying to step out of the shower into a puddle water due to bad sealing job.Essentially bathrobe and slippers provided but very cheap quality.No bath tube.Tired looking carpets on corridors on first floor.Good parts of the Waldorf Hilton are the nice setting on Homage restaurant,Breakfast was decent and I liked the lobby set up.Spacious fitness centre.	
Apr 22 2009 	Personal Service in a Brand Hotel	Boutique style service in a big Hilton hotel. Breakfast is great. There is a gym and pool beside the hotel.The rooms are average size, flat screen, modern fixings. Bathrooms generally clean.Best thing about the hotel is the service the staff are very helpful and friendly and an asset to the hotel.Great location to visit London, minutes from Covent Garden and Covent Garden Tube.Search for the best price including breakfast and you will do well.	
Apr 18 2009 	Waldorf experience	The facade of the Waldorf is nothing short of impressive. A grand old building spanning the Aldwych, the Waldorf Astoria is a great place to come home to after a day's work, grab a quick bite and head down to the theatre.For those with a bad sense of direction, make sure you ask for rooms near the elevator, else like me, you'll spend some time on the first day figuring your way around.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked an Executive Room via Hilton direct and were not disappointed: room is very large (especially considering city centre location), very well appointed with every amenity you could require.Executive lounge was a great bonus: coffee, soft drinks, cakes, sandwiches, hors douvre (post 6pm) and alcohol / wine (post 6pm) - all were included in the room costs, if you book an &quot;executive&quot; room / suite.The hotel is located adjacent Covent Garden and, depending which way your room faces, can be quite noisy at night. The upside is that all West End attractions are witihn easy walking distance (there is also a taxi rank and bus stop outside the hotel).I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and will definitely be returning at some point.	
Apr 14 2009 	Well placed for major attractions	Despite its size, all staff are very welcoming and friendly from arrival to departure.The hotel is very well located for West End theatres, Covent Garden, restaurants of all kinds. Slightly further afield but still a walk away, Parliament; London Eye; Aquarium; The Embankment, The City, St Pauls Cathedral; Buckingham Palace, St.James and Green Park, and for the shoppers - endless choice.The only downsides were the lack of double glazing which meant the noise of the road was constant. The hotel foyer and seating area was rather cold because the doors were constantly being opened.Breakfast was good and plentiful. Afternoon tea in La Homage is to be tried for a great British experience and a spot of people watching!	
Apr 8 2009 	Excellent location 	Stayed for one night when we went to a concert at the O2. Looked at Lastminute.com for hotel options but then I looked at the Hilton website and found an excellent rate including breakfast. The hotel is in an excellent location, staff and service are excelent as well. Would stay again and recommend.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great location and the best breakfast in London	Stayed for 2 nights and I have to say it was a great hotel all round. Yes the rooms are on the smaller side but what do you expect in the centre of London.The hotel location is perfect, you can walk pretty much everywhere or hop on a tube 10 mins away.The breakfast was fantastic and the staff could not do enough to help. The doormen were also very helpful.Great base to explore London.	
Apr 1 2009 	Worth the stay	I will try and keep this brief. I stayed at this hotel on a Saturday night because i was going to a show in Picadilly. The hotel is in an excellent position for access to the theatres. The staff on the whole were friendly and helpful. I do agree with some reviewers that late at night they can be a bit hit and mis.We took advantage of a half price room offer and secured a delux room with a kingsized bed for around £147 inc vat. The room was excellent. A good size, very comfy bed, clean with robe and slippers supplied for your use during your stay. There was tea and coffee making facilitlies and even an umberella for our good british weather!The bathroom was huge, shower was amazing and all very clean with no signs of damage or mould.There were a nice selection of freebies to use too-all good quality. To top things off there was a 42 inch Philips plasma so you could kick back and watch telly in bed.Please bare in mind though that the hotel is an old building and the areas outside are busy 24 hrs a day so the lack of double glazing means it can be a bit noisy if your room faces out onto the main streets.We didn't eat in the hotel but looking at the room service prices i would say the dinner costs are in line with this level of hotel-remember you are staying in a five star place so expect 5 star prices. I do draw the line at their breakfast though, whilst again we did not eat there, the breakfast is £22 EACH! i mean come on, if the nearest Premierinn can do it for £7.99 and make a profit, Hilton could lower this to a level more resonable. I doubt they pay their kitchen staff more than what Premierinn does.All in all a fantastic stay, only minor issue was the heating system had a fault light showing, but because we only noticed it at midnight, we didn't mention it till the next day because it wasn't worth being moved that late. When we did mention it they made a note on the system to give me an upgrade if i stayed with HIlton again. Go on go for it-you will enjoy.	
Mar 30 2009 	2nd stay and as wonderful as ever	We have just returned from another stay at the Waldorf Hilton. This hotel is in our opinion one of the best Hilton's in London - we were certainly not disappointed on our second visit. We were there for the weekend for my husband's 40th birthday, got an excellent rate in the January sale and the staff did everything to make it special. Stani from the executive lounge team made all the arrangments for us and even had a birthday cake waiting for my husband in the room when we arrived.The room this time was one of their contemporary executive rooms and was modern and spacious. The staff were professional and attentive. Breakfast at the Waldorf in our opinion exceeded, the usual good Hilton Breakfast, with a wide choice available. Service was great at breakfast and we were served on Saturday by a lovely waitress on her first morning working at the Hilton.The executive lounge which we had access to as Diamond members is still excellent, as we were there at the weekend it wasn't too busy. Afternoon tea and evening canapes were of a high standard and most welcome.The Waldorf is very centrally located and we look forward to returning there soon.	
Mar 26 2009 	Nice hotel that I keep coming back to....	This hotel is not perfect and yet many things about it make it attractive. It has a very good Covent Garden location, easy to get taxis and transportation, nice rooms that are generally large if a bit quirky and fair prices (especially if you book and pay in advance). If there are any drawbacks it would be that the service staff is hit or miss, some very helpful and nice while others very curt and standoff-ish. The concierge staff is not extremely helpfui nor overly knowledgeable (on one occasion, when asked to find out what time a particular West End show would let out, he looked at a brochure and said that he didn't know because it wasn't on there. No offer to call and get the info). If you're a regular to London and know you're way around, and don't need the staff much, the hotel will be just fine.	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent Location 	I stayed at The Waldorf for my first ever visit to London and have nothing but praise to say about this hotel. We arrived at 11am to drop off our luggage and the reception staff had our room ready straight away. The room was standard for what I booked with some nice touch in décor. The showers have to be the best I've ever used!!After a long day of sightseeing, we decided to dine in the hotel restaurant and had the best serving of beef I have ever tasted, so good I went back and had the same meal during my further 3 nights there. Not my style of restaurant but the food and service are faultless.We enjoyed a night in the Homage bar and had some good cocktails. My only recommendation for the bar would be to ensure that the bar opens five minutes before the champagne bar closes - I felt a bit embarassed being sent from 1 to the next but the staff made up for it thereafter.Room service was also excellent (2 nights also - I was on leisure!!)This hotel is ideal for a leisure break with easy access to theatres, underground lines, shops, everything really. I will stay here if I travel to London again - well done to the staff - five star!!	
Mar 18 2009	Modern and comfortable	We stayed at the waldorf for 1 night at the beginning of feb when we went to watch a show. The location was great really easy to find and close to everything we wanted. The rooms were large and the beds were really comfy- i didnt want to get out of it haha. Also the rooms featured some nice modern art, which gave it a nice touch. The staff were very good, they were helpful and speedy. Breakfast- there was a large choice but what actually came out could have been better it was a little burnt but nothing major. I would stay here again any time and also reccomend it to anybody else for the theatre end of town.	
Mar 17 2009	Very Impressed	Booked this hotel for an overnight stay with my daughter who was attending an award ceremony. I was impressed before even setting foot in the hotel as the doorman walked up the street to relieve me of my case which he then organised to be taken straight up to our room as I checked in. Reception staff were very friendly, efficient and helpful. I booked a twin deluxe room which was on one of the upper floors so away from any street noise and the room itself was bright and spacious with one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. Breakfast was included in our room rate so don't know if you were paying separately how expensive it would be but it was fabulous. Going back to London in a couple of months and will definately book the Waldorf for that stay.	
Mar 12 2009 	A Little Bit of Luxury	We stayed at the Waldorf as a treat as both of us were working in London the next day. I arrived first and was greeted by a friendly doorman. He took my bag and arranged for it to be brought up to my room. The receptionist was friendly and very courteous. We had a Queen Hilton Guest room. Our room was on the fourth floor at the back of the hotel looking out over the rooftops of the other buildings - not a brilliant view but I didn't expect one. One thing that was a bit annyoing was the sound of the external airconditioning units - just a constant whirring. The room wasn't as advertised - no plasma or mohair throw - but it was very nice. Not sure if we had a rain-drop shower but the bathroom was clean and very nicely presented. Toiletries were Crabree &amp; Evelyn - can't really go wrong with those! Had to ask for extra shower gel - phoned housekeeping - it arrived within 5 mins. Also we had a problem with the electrics in the room - we woke up with no electric - no problem - phoned front desk and they sent someone up from maintenance, again, within 5 mins.I had booked a facial downstairs (as part of LA Fitness) and my hubby went to use the gym. The facial was okay and reasonably priced £40 (I usually pay £60 near home) - uses dermologica products - but she did take two mobile phones calls whilst I was having my facial. It it had been any more expensive I think I would have complained. Hubby said the gym was well equiped - mostly cardio equipment.We had cocktails in the Cocktail bar - they were delicious but very expensive (one bloody mary and one peach martini - £25). We also ate at the Waldorf in the Homage Grand Salon as we had a special deal through Toptable. Food and Service was superb really superb. We didn't have breakfast as it was a bit expensive so we got food on the way into work.I would recommend this if you fancy a little bit of luxury. I must admit it was very nice to be able to walk to work and be there in 10 mins (instead of 1hr 15min).I can't comment on the price of the room because we booked it with our Hilton Honours points.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great hotel	The hotel is great, staff very lovely and curteous, rooms size was fine and the location was just the best, robe and slippers provided, nice little touch, Covent Garden just round the corner. Didn't eat there so can't say (breakfast for two in excess of £30 is a bit extreme), went round a couple of corners to Cafe Rouge for breakfast, fab eggs benedict and there was a pub just up from the hotel that did the full english. I would definitely recommend staying here, I would again.We lived dangerously and chose a Top Secret Hotel for £139 off lastminute.com and were very happy with the results although it was room only no breakfast.	
Mar 5 2009 	Best hotel in London I've come across+best gym	I recently stayed at the Aldwych for the first time, and was amazed by the huge size and quality of the rooms. I noticed another review complaining about the rooms, but they must be living on a different planet because I had a standard room (room 208), and it was just amazing. I've got pretty high standards because I travel all the time (and you'll note some of my other reviews have been pretty tough), but this really is the best hotel in London and I've stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly and the Metropolitan on Park Lane which are just not nearly as good. The rate was also amazingly cheap, but that might also have something to do with the recession. It also has a full LA Fitness in the basement, which for me was brilliant compared to the poky little rooms one normally has in hotels. All round a fabulous experience and I plan to make the Aldwych my base from now on whenever I can...	
Mar 5 2009 	Well worth a try if using Hhonors points or get a cheap deal!	We stayed for just one night and managed a very good deal by booking on the internet (better value than cashing in your Hhonors points in fact). The hotel's greatest asset is its' position especially for Covent Garden, Theatres and The Embankment - everything within an easy walking distance. Check in was swift (we were able to access our room by 11am in fact) and the concierge was very obliging. The room, although large and well furnished, was a bit on the dark side (just one narrow window which was completely covered so as to obscure the pretty dire view) which made me feel a bit hemmed in (this was not a room with a view!) Bathroom was well equipped and spotless with superb towels, robes, slippers etc and the standard Hilton toiletries. Good quality 'proper' hairdryer, flatscreen TV etc. The bed (huge) was possibly just about the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in with excellent quality linen and a good turndown service while we were out. Afternoon tea was pricy but very enjoyable, as was a light lunch which we had in the lobby and breakfast was also of a high standard. All in all I would recommend but shop around for an aggressive price!	
Feb 26 2009 	A hotel you will go back to everytime!	Have stayed at the Waldorf a few times now when going to the theatre, this time l booked an executive room with access to the executive lounge, asked for a low floor as l don't do lifts! l got the second floor near the stairs which was great. The room was huge! it was L shaped but they didn't make use of the space.... not much different from a standard double really except the access to the lounge, which was really busy in the evening they had to open up another room as you could not get a seat! The staff are always attentive, making sure your stay in pleasant. Breakfast as always was superb.... everything was hot! and loads to choose from. Would l stay in executive room again.... probaby not... unless its on offer! but just love this hotel as it is near to everything you want in London, Covent Garden around the corner, all the theatres within 5 min walking distance, bus stop outside which takes u anywhere in London.... a great stay.... see you all soon!	
Feb 25 2009 	Book it if you manage to get a room at a good price!	I work for a travel agency and could therefore book this famous West End hotel at a discounted rate. We stayed in a &quot;Queen Hilton Deluxe&quot; room on the 7th floor with views over the West End. I would have expected the room to be a bit nicer and bigger, but for a London hotel it was still relatively spacious.Check-in was not a problem; the receptionist was friendly and the room was ready already in the morning, which was very convenient for us. I had mentioned to the hotel that we were celebrating a special occasion, and it was a wonderful surprise that they put a chocolate cake in our room during the afternoon.The breakfast is served in a grand hall, which is most impressive. There were queues in the morning and the waiters seemed a little &quot;overwhelmed&quot; by the many people arriving at the same time. So on the second day we were seated, and while we were at the buffet, someone else got our table.A plus is the swimming pool and health centre on the lower ground floor, which is operated by L.A. Fitness and is free to use for hotel guests.The Waldorf Hilton is an expensive hotel that has seen its best days. It boasts a great location right in the heart of the Theatreland, and you clearly pay for this. The rooms are nicely decorated but lack some details and amenities you would expect from such a famous luxury hotel. If you do manage to get a cheap deal for this offer, go ahead and book it - however, don't pay full price!	
Feb 23 2009 	Pleasant stay. Would return	This hotel came highly recommended. Used my Hilton Points for a four night stay. Found everything up to standards except for info from concierge. Also thought the lobby needed sprucing up. Health club (free to guests) was excellent.	
Feb 23 2009 	Tiny room - Sharaton/Marriott London hotels miles better	Stayed for 2 weeks in Hilton Millenium NYC last year and accummulated 50,000 HHonors points, which I wanted to use for 1 night in London. So I booked to see a show and used 40,000 points for 1 night at the Waldorf on Aldwych.Pluses:- Room was available from 1pm and not 3pm as advertised- Great location, close to all theatres and walking distance to Cov Gdn, Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus etc..Negatives- Grossly overrated -- 40k points/night for this hotel 'Category 6' is ridiculous- No breakfast included in rate, which was disappointing considering how much i'd paid to accummulate the points in the first place to stay here- Room was absolutely tiny. Room 527 to be avoided! You can just about fit a double-bed in the room . Likewise the bathroom was tiny and no room to store your wash gear around the basin.I've stayed at Sharaton Tower and Marriott Chancery Court / County Hall and all of them had far superior rooms for the price.	
Feb 22 2009 	Good Contempary Designs	Being a Hilton Diamond member we always stay at Hiltons. It has been 10 years since we last stayed at the Waldord London (it was Le Meridien then). The hotel has had a complete make over with a good contempary design. Rooms are good size with a big bathroom and good amenities.Executive Lounge is the old billiad room and is of a good size with a fair choice at breakfast.Great location for West End theatres and Covent Garden.Would definetly stay here again.	
Feb 20 2009 	I love the Waldorf great hotel in a great location	Have stayed at the Waldorf a number of times for both business and leisure. It is perfectly located being just 2 minutes from Covent Garden. The Waldorf is a hotel with character. Friendly staff, very comfortable beds and even though it is in cntral London I always have a nice quiet nights sleep here. The only drawback (but this is the case with most central London hotels) is the size of the rooms.	
Feb 19 2009 	Superb!	I was very much looking forward to my night in London for a couple of reasons and one being that I had booked us into the Waldorf. I am a Hilton Honours member and am keen to earn points so at the time of booking I was looking more favourably at Hilton hotels.The deal I got was under £200 for an executive room. I think this is very reasonable for what we got. I arrived on my own as my partner was joining me later and I was met at the front doors by a very welcoming man and then was directed to check in. Once they established that I had an executive room I was taken up to the executive floor to check in. I wasn't just told which way to go, I was personally taken there. The gentlemen on both check - ins were very pleasant and professional. I was offered a drink whilst checking in which I declined and was then shown to my room.The room was a very good size with a lovely big bed, desk, chaise longue, then a separate area where you can leave all your bags and stuff and a very good sized bathroom with bath, large walk in shower, wash basin and plenty of room for getting make up on and getting ready. The decor is beautiful to me, very stylish, chic and modern but not a cold harsh modern which I have seen in other hotels.After I was ready for my evening out I went to the executive lounge where there are free drinks (wine, beer, spirits or non alcoholic) and canapes, cheese and biscuits and hot snacks between 6-8pm. The atmosphere here was very relaxed yet smart and professional. Being half term there were more families than business people than normal, I would think.After our evening out we had a drink in the Homage bar which again is consistent with the rest of the hotel in being top standard in service, decor and atmosphere. The waiter in the bar was very friendly and we chatted to him for a while.This morning we had a full english breakfast (which was included in our rate) which was very tasty and again superb service. The guy who meets you to seat you for breakfast I would particularly like to mention as he genuinely makes sure you are happy and have everything you want.I genuinely cannot fault a thing about this hotel. I would definitely go back to this hotel if I could get the same standard and rate again. The location of this hotel is great for sightseeing and being in a pleasant part of London.To validate my report of this hotel I want to add that I have stayed at many hotels around the world. I have stayed in another Hilton in Dubai which was great, I have stayed in 5 star hotels in South Beach Miami, New York, San Francisco, Las Vegas etc so I have experienced many different standards and types of hotels but this is one of my favourites.To the staff of the Waldorf - well done and thank you.	
Feb 18 2009 	Fooling Their Potential Customers	I was going to book a room at the Hilton for one night. However, their website which reads 'Best Available Rates GUARANTEED' (in bold) offers one night standard double for 217 pounds, whilst www.activehotels.com offers the same room for 169 pounds. I called the Hilton to find out what's going on and they told me that the actually DO NOT GUARANTEE best available rates. Basically, they only guarantee that the rates you get on the website will be the best ones from the website.... but on the website you only get rates from the website...... I think it is very poor service and unfair advertising.The hotel looked nice, but I'm NOT going to stay there because I do not like to be taken for a fool.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Location	We booked a night away for Valentine's weekend when they had their January sale so we were more than happy with the price we paid for our Executive room. We really liked the hotel and the public areas, with the mix of the modern and the more traditional. We were going to the theatre and wanted to do some shopping so the location was perfect for that.The executive lounge was a little smaller than we exptected but other than that we appreciated the 'freebies'.We were happy overall but there were a couple of 'niggles' that I will mention. Firstly we arrived early for check-in and were fully prepared to leave our case and come back later. The check-in person said that they did have a room available, all be it with no bath. We accepted that as we were only staying one night. We went to our room which was nice but not as big as expected. Whilst flicking through the leaflets in the room I came across the one showing the different rooms and realised that we had not been put in the executive room that we had paid for. We queried at reception and they immediately arranged for us to be moved! Not sure why they didn't point this out to us before, but I would say if you arrive early make sure they give you the room you paid for!2nd minor niggle was the room service charge that was added to our final bill which wasn't ours. They did agree to remove it but to be honest I think it was mainly because they hadn't got a signature from the person who had actually received the food.3rd but again only minor thing was our bag that we left in their storage area couldn't be found when we came to retrieve it. They did manage to locate it eventually after about 10 mins.	
Feb 15 2009 	Poshy Posh Posh	I chose to stay at the Waldorf in London because of it's location and the Waldorf brand's reputation. It also helped that I'm a diamond member of Hilton and enjoy the benefits of their reward program.When arriving in London this hotel is much too far from Heathrow to take a taxi, so I took the tube. There is a tube station conveniently located a few blocks away and it's not a huge confusing busy station. The doormen are quite nice at the hotel, the nicest staff I came in contact with. The check in and front desk people were helpful and courteous. I was surprised that the business centre was quite expensive to use. I was told by the concierge that things like internet use and local phone calls are very rare to get free in London hotels. Although when I went to pay my bill which included a couple of internet use cards they weren't charged to my room. The hotel lobby and check in area is small but nicely decorated and clean. Downstairs there was a business centre with a few computers and stationary, typical amenities and size. When I was there they had a fruit basket set in between the computers, which all looked fresh. There was also a nice looking spa downstairs that I didn't get to check out further.My room was average sized by Europe standards, small by North American standards. Large marbled bathroom with a towel warmer (I love towel warmers). Good quality toiletries. There was an Antique looking desk with comfortable chair for those with laptops or work to do. Worth mentioning that the hair dryer is in the desk in the bedroom and not in the bathroom. A bit strange but not a huge inconvenience. The bed was of good quality and nice soft clean cotton sheets and duvet. You get a robe and slippers to use during your stay. The decorating was modern funky that looks great as a package but somewhat cheap up close, think Ikea. There was a big flat plasma TV with a fair amount of channels. There is a weighted minibar, meaning if you touch something in there you get charged. Nice coffee and tea accessories and some Walkers shortbread in the closet.I didn't sample any of the restaurants in the hotel. One morning I went to get coffee and a scone in the patisserie and was told it wasn't open by the hostess who had just welcomed another guest of the hotel with a smile while I got a sneer. When in fact it had been open according to another employee in the front of the hotel. Luckily there are many great little restaurants and cafe's with in a block or two of the hotel.The hotel is in a good location. It is very close to Trafalgar Square and it's right in the theatre district. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel that has great service. There is a never ending line of taxis outside if you'd prefer those. The street is quite busy and crowded, more so at night. There is a grocery store nearby for basic food items if needed. There was construction going on across the street but I never heard any noise from it or from other guests, quite well insulated. I did have a hotel employee try and come into my room when I had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; on, but I also had the swing lock on. It scared me and woke me up, but this frankly happens a lot in hotels from my experience.Overall it's a nice hotel and close to some great sites. I wouldn't stay there again because of the attitude permeating from that hotel. The other patrons and half the staff were quite snobby, which I guess is to be expected in the west end theatre district. I didn't appreciate the snide answers I got to my questions about local customs such as transportation or tipping. I ended up just asking regular Londoners for advice instead. If you prefer posh over friendly then this is the place for you. It's an expensive hotel, not the most expensive by London standards but it is expensive and for the level of service not really worth it.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great Location good hotel!	Booked this hotel for the location and the very good deals Hilton are doing at the moment. Went for an Executive Room which was fine, although the decor not entirely to my taste - very modern and many elements of design over practicality. The first night our heating didn't work, however a word with the Guest Relations Manager the next morning had us moved to another room which was much cosier and with a bath as well as shower, although again with the very modern feel. The staff were all charming and helpful at all times. Breakfast was excellent and varied although when I ordered something extra it arrived cold having obviously been sitting in the kitchen waiting to be collected. However this and the other minor complaint about the heating were courteously and promptly handled, the hotel had a good feel despite it's size and the staff were excellent. Would book again!	
Feb 13 2009 	Location Location Location	We generally stay at Hiltons in Europe as we are gold vip members so we are upgraded, etc. We decided to go London at the last minute to see The Sound of Music before it finished. We selected this Hilton over the many in London for its location by St. Pancras (Eurostar) and the Theatres in London. We arrived at St. Pancras, took a taxi taking only 15 minutes to the Hotel. Very efficient check-in and we were off to the show within 15 minutes with the taxi ride take 5 minutes. So Eurostar to hotel to Theatre in less than 45 minutes -- location is fantastic.Although check-in was good and efficient, hotel crowded in front by tour buses with people at the hotel -- looks like a lot of groups stay here (could have been just the night we were there). Also, no upgrade possible and no access to the executive lounge which was disappointing, but they said they were full that weekend (and it appeared that way).Room was interesting. Clearly updated and everything was not only new (from shower to flat-screen), but also the latest high-end brands. Everything in the room was technically correct, but I didn't love the feeling of the room. Beds were very comfortable and shower was excellent. Overall, I like the rooms at other Hiltons in London better.Service was excellent. All the staff members were highly attentive. Breakfast was very good -- clearly up to the hilton standards. I saw somebody complain about the scrambled eggs, but my view is that they were simply UK style scrambled egges which are &quot;more mushy&quot; than what many Americans may be used to having. My wife asked for a diet coke, spicy mustard, and some other specific requests for breakfast and they were handled quickly and efficiently. The kids liked the room where the breakfast was served which made you feel like you were in a Waldorf and not in Hilton.Overall, I would go back for the location and the service.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great location but tired	I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton purely for the reason that it is in a good location between the City and the West End, so you can basically just drop by to change before going out again.For that, the hotel is great. Other than that, the Hilton looks tired, lacks atmosphere and does overall not create the atmosphere of a place where you would like to come &quot;home&quot; to.The breakfast was awful and totally overpriced. The scrambled eggs seemed to be some goo made from processed egg eggs or egg powder. Will I come back?! Nope!	
Feb 2 2009 	Great if you are going to see Oliver!	We stayed here 29-31 January for a weekend away from the kids. The hotel is in a fantastic location, especially if you want to see Oliver, which we did and is just round the corner and is a 10 minute walk from Covent Garden. We stayed here on my husbands Hilton Honours points. We stayed in a standard room as they were fully booked so couldn't upgrade us. The room was small, but it was clean and modern. The bathroom was clean and we had no problems with the room at all. Some people have moaned about the rooms and corridors looking old and outdated - it's an old grade 1 listed building! It was old, but clean with modern touches which is what I like. If you want to stay in a hotel that is completely modern and looks like a block of flats, stay at the new Hilton at Tower Bridge!We did get upgraded to full english breakfast, which we found to be superb. There was lots of choice on the continental buffet and the hot english breakfast was excellent. The service in the restaurant at breakfast time was again excellent - having read some peoples comments about rude staff, we certainly never encountered this - all the staff we had contact with were helpful and polite. If we hadn't been upgraded to free breakfast, we wouldn't have paid for it however as english breakfast was £22 each. I know it's a very nice hotel in the middle of London, but I just cannot justify spending that much on a breakfast - that's just me!! My husband has stayed in lots of Hiltons all over and he said that this one of the better Hilton breakfasts he's had.We came by train and tube and were told by the hotel staff that Holburn was the nearest tube station to the hotel. Although it is close, Covent Garden is closer still.Overall, we had a very nice stay here. I would definatley stay here again. Every member of staff we saw/spoke to was helpful and polite.	
Jan 30 2009 	Lovely updated historic hotel	I'm quite surprised to see such mixed reviews for this place as we found it to be a lovely old landmark hotel excellently updated for the modern market We had a deluxe room facing the inner courtyard with chic designer touches and a modern Victorian look bathroom. OK the windows were frosted as there's no views, but this is central London and a lowrise historic building - I'd be surprised if many rooms could get views, and we were pleased not to have the traffic noise of AldwychBoth dinner and breakfast we enjoyed in the hotel were excellent - the garlic buttered lobster the best I've ever tasted! We also had executive lounge access and it was simply perfect to relax in the quiet lounge with a pre dinner gin and tonic. Most users were business people and I can understand at holiday times if kids had been running about the atmosphere wouldn't be quite so enjoyable!! We didn't use the gym but my partner is a public member there so I can understand peoples' complaints - it's a busy members' gym, not the usual empty hotel gym, so if guests aren't expecting to share services I could see it might come as a bit of a shock But our stay was simply lovely - as Londoners ourselves, it's so nice to see an old landmark hotel so sympathetically restored and yet so up to date	
Jan 28 2009 	Excellent stay at the Waldorf	Booked on a special deal and ended up with an Executive King Room, fantastic! Super king size bed, sitting room, dressing room, large bathroom with shower and bath, all frosted glass panels and white tiles.Previously we had a room that was traditional with dark wood, but now it is really modern and stylish.The Executive package gives you lots of benefits, private check in, access to the executive lounge with complimentary soft drinks, afternoon tea, canapes, and is where you take the buffet full English.Did I mention the bed?I think this hotel is really trying to give its customers that little bit extra.I don't recognise the 'shabby' picture giving by other reviewers, but I suppose everyone has their own experience and expectations.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great location but some investment required	I feel somewhat torn in writing this review as my sister and I had a great weekend based at the Waldorf. However, it does feel like the owners of the hotel are resting slightly on their laurels. Prior to check-in I corresponded with the hotel, explaining this was a treat for my sister, who had recently become a new mum. I asked for a deluxe 'contemporary' styled room with a view over Aldwych. This request was granted and the room we were allocated was a good size. A complimetary chocolate cake went down very well with my sister! Some niggles included the bedside table drawer not moving on its runners properly, and an access screen on the side of the bath hanging off, but I fixed both items quickly. The window seemed to have too much paint on it to shut easily, but again, with a good wallop it shut!The beds were really comfortable and we weren't disturbed in any way by 'corridor noise'.The bathroom felt functional rather than five star luxury, overall I'd say it was OK.Room service took 50 minutes rather than 25 minutes. Firstly we were told this was because the member of staff bringing our order had an 'accident' on the way up, then we were told it was because the kitchen was busy. Either way, a bit of a shame, but not a deal breaker.The low point of our weekend was the health club. This was unfortunate as it was the main reason I'd chosen this particular Hilton hotel. The gym, as the Hilton management points out many times over in literature within the hotel, is not managed by them, but by LA Fitness. I simply don't think this excuses the fact that the club is tired beyond belief. The wet areas and changing rooms are an embarrasment, the rather attractive loungers round the pool shown on the website don't exist, some tacky white loungers have appeared instead, and generally it feels like it needs to be closed for a complete overhaul. I don't believe the owners of the hotel can be absolved of responsibility, surely they lease the space in the basement of the hotel to LA Fitness, the gym operator? Regardless of who owns what, for a five star hotel to provide access to such shabby facilities is incredibly poor.So, that's why I'm a bit torn. The Waldorf is indeed a beautiful building, but to attain and retain a five star rating more investment is required in the building to make sure it continues to exceed people's expectations, and they've got to sort out that health club! As an aside, it's telling that the London Waldorf hotel isn't part of the Waldorf : Astoria Hilton branding...not quite up to those standards?Will I return? Possibly, if I was able to take advantage of a similar half-price offer which made the room about £175 B&amp;B. And if the health club was renovated!PS. I didn't complete a comment card at the hotel, when I went to fill it in the Hilton pen didn't work and I didn't have one on me!	
Jan 26 2009 	Tired and shabby !!	Stayed here for a 2 night weekend breakUpgraded to a DELUX room costing £300 a nightWhat a waste of money ...should have booked a travel lodge for £75 !!Check -in poor ,we followed a group of people and the check -in staff were stressed by this but it didnt stop them gossipng amongst themselves and taking no notice of us stood there !Room very disappointing for up gradeView of central heating pipes from grubby old window!Only very limited drawer space, good job not staying for a week !Only 1sachet of coffee in cupboard, Took 3 attempts to get more from house keeping !Hairdryer in coffee making cupboard ( not moveable ) no mirror within at least 7 yards away !Power shower with NO power also water not hot enough!Complimentary &quot;vanity box &quot; empty !Flat screen TV not a plasma one as advertised !&quot;SEE THROUGH &quot; toilet and shower door !Pool area in basement was freezing cold !Pool area grubby and cold !Notices around pool say &quot; no photos &quot; I WONDER WHY )Breakfast choice OK but have had MUCH better in MANY places at half the price ( no sorry a quarter of the price ! )Food brought from kitchens barely warm and then it was RE HEATED on small flame burners in dinning room ( THINK THIS MAY BE A HEALTH &amp; SAFTEY ISSUE HERE ! )Stuck to cold meats etc next morning for fear of poisoning !Asked for toast on 1st morning was told NONE LEFT it was only 08: 45 hrs.Only one choice of English newspaper available unless you paid for another, but newspapers are advertised as included in £300 a room night !Paint work and carpets in corridors are in deperate need of replacing . !Parking at hotel is £50 per night,,,,, we parked 300yds away in NCP for £28 !!!!!!On the plus side the location is good ! but when walking to car park in next street there is a TRAVELINN there for less money and will have more drawer space !!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 21 2009 	Mixed bag	As others have noted, this hotel is perfectly situated a few short blocks from Covent Garden. There are very few hotels that are as convenient for the theater or opera. The hotel restaurant is also quite good, and the breakfast, included in my room rate, was outstanding. The choices included a assorted fruits, cereals, breads, rolls, and cold cuts, as well as a good selection of made-to-order dishes including tasty omelets and eggs benedict. I also had dinner one night in the restaurant, and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. Unfortunately, some of the accommodations are less than ideal. I was initially assigned a room that was about the size of a large walk-in closet, with only a tiny porthole-size window. On the positive side, the hotel staff cheerfully and quickly arranged to move me to another much larger room which was quite spacious and comfortable, with a large foyer and a well-appointed bathroom. However, while the room itself was very pleasant, the hallways were dingy and depressing, with peeling wallpaper, scratched and marred doors, and stained carpets. Room service trays that were in the hallways in the evening were often still there the following afternoon. And the housekeeping staff never got around to cleaning my room or making the bed until early evening. Overall, this hotel doesn’t meet the standards that I’d expect of a hotel in this price range. For just a few dollars more, the nearby Renaissance Chancery Court offers much nicer rooms, more attractive public spaces, and generally superior service.	
Jan 20 2009 	Certainly not the worst hotel any more!!	This was a return trip offered to us by the Hotel after a rather bad experience last year. We were given a complimentary two night bed and breakfast stay in the hotel and had a truly wonderful time this time - it could have been a different hotel, such was the change. Still no brilliant view but certainly one where we could see the sky and other buildings not just a blank wall. The room was much better and we were given complimentary goodies and the use of an executivelounge/bar for the duration of the stay. The concierge was very helpful helping us to organise taxis and providing detailed maps to get us to where we needed to be. We are frequent visitors to London as our children live there or nearby and this stay was certainly very good. I have previously written a very negative view on this hotel but would like it noted that Ms Debra de Jongh of the hotel was very committed to making our memories of the hotel positive not negative. It is good to see a company who do listen to comments of their customers and i thank the Waldorf for doing that.	
Jan 18 2009 	Had a great time	I booked an overnight stay (B&amp;B) for my birthday via the Hilton website. They were offering very generous discounts for Jan/Feb.We arrived before noon and were pleased to find that our deluxe room was ready. The staff were very friendly and check in was quick. We then went shopping for the rest of the day. On return to our room, we found a beautiful cake with compliments of the hotel for my birthday, which was a wonderful surpise.Our room was on the 4th floor, it was spacious, clean and quiet considering being in the centre of London.The next morning breakfast was lovely and service prompt. Again we went shopping and returned to the hotel to collect our bags and have a cocktail in the bar before the train journey home.A very enjoyable stay!	
Jan 15 2009 	Great Location and Heritage But Terrible Service	Unfortunately my 4th stay here was my worst hotel stay experience ever in terms of service and the events that took place. To set my context I’ve spent a lot of time in hotels due to business in the last 5 years and hold platinum, diamond or gold memberships at the big chains. I booked a 1 night stay for my birthday using my HHonors points (i'm a diamond member) and unfortunately right from check-in my experience was poor. I tried to check-in 15 minutes before the allotted time so I was told to wait in the Executive Lounge and they would inform me whilst I waited there when my room would be ready. No one did and 45 mins later I asked whether my room was ready and was told it was (I wasn't the only guest who was sitting around waiting to be told!) I was then told I had been upgraded due to my membership status and received my room key. The upgraded room was average size and was extremely noisy. There was construction work outside the hotel and to the exterior of the hotel which I wasn't informed about. To make matters worse we had 3 workers banging on the wall and our window on scaffolding which meant that it was difficult to hear ourselves think never mind talk. Fortunately I’m not offended by the colourful language as the workers were giving it a lot of &quot;Banter&quot;. I complained straight away and asked to be moved. I was asked whether I was informed of the maintenance work and I replied and I said no but that isn’t the point as the noise is directly on the window and wall of the hotel room. I was dealing with the guest relations manager who rang me back promptly and told me that they had found a room and that the concierge would be coming up with the new room keys and to help me with my luggage. After waiting 25 mins I phoned back asking where the concierge was and received an apology for the wait and that they would be up shortly. I was finally moved to an Aldwych street room which was bigger and nicer (although Aldwych rooms are nosier due to street noise and the lack of double glazing or sound proofing on the open plan bathroom windows.) I was planning on getting a couple of hrs sleep (due to the early 5am start of my work day) but given the episode and the fact that I didn’t get into my final room until after 4pm I decided to relax and watch a film. We were eating out that night and left for dinner in the evening. On return we were puzzled to find a bottle of water on the side table but no turndown service had occurred. We checked out in the morning downstairs at reception. I was told by the member of staff that breakfast was part of the room rate and that I would just be charged £5 for the room service charge and the film that I watched. At which point she switched with another staff member who stared at me blankly and asked was their anything else. I said that I hadn’t actually received a revised bill from the one I received under the door in the night and she apologised saying that she didn’t realise her colleague hadn’t checked me out. Unfortunately I didn’t check the first sheet for the charges (since I had checked my overnight bill and received verbal confirmation of the additional charge) and just signed the second sheet. When I got later checked my credit card and the bill I found that I was overcharged by £27 for room service for which I still haven’t received a refund despite complaining.We also found that when we returned home and unpacked our bags two necklaces were missing. Unfortunately we did leave them on the table in the room before we went out for dinner and when we were packing up the bag in the morning I had assumed my partner had packed them and she had unfortunately assumed the same. The security manager who dealt with my complaint was very nice and provided excellent updates every day as to his investigation. Unfortunately the investigations came up with a blank to which I reported the matter to the police and I hope to be able to recoup some of the monetary value (although one necklace was a Christmas present so had sentimental value). I complained to Hilton Honors about my stay and experience and received a prompt reply from them apologising and raising concern at the level of service and that the hotel would contact me directly. I had to chase Honors guest relations over a week later and received a standard response from the Guest Relations Manager apologising about the service and that heads of departments would receive my complaints and review. To top off my experience of the service she offered me the prospect that should I like to stay at the London Waldorf again she would ensure that I would be upgraded to have executive room and lounge access. There was no mention of receiving a refund of my over charged bill nor had she actually even bothered to review the fact that as a diamond member I already have access to free upgrades to a executive room and lounge access. Having lost faith entirely with the service at London Waldorf I forwarded their reply to Hilton Honors guest relations and they responded within 2 hrs apologising again for the level of service and refunding the 40,000 Hilton Honors points I had used as compensation for my experience. My previous three stays had been very good (apart from eating in the restaurant where I was left to my own devices when our waitress clocked off and I had to pour my own champagne and get up and find someone to pay the bill) but the consistent lack of service and customer care I received on my last visit means that I will never stay nor recommend this hotel again. Whereas Hilton Corporate restored my faith with their customer service in the Hilton brand I will continue to stay and recommend other Hilton hotels.	
Jan 7 2009 	Good Hotel	As frequent vistors to London I booked us into the Waldorf after reading many god reviews. From the outside it looked very grand. We arrived at the hotel at 1pm and checked in 2 hours eary which pleased my wife as this meant she had more shopping time! Our room was on the 8th floor. The room was beautifully furnished and very clean with a lovely bathroom. Bed was very comfortable. The only problem we had was getting the small heater to work. Couldn't get it to blow out hot when it got chilly! Overall a good hotel with loads of History attached. Would stay here again as the price and location was brilliant.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great location!	This hotel is in a great location if you like to explore London by foot. It has a fantastic little fish restaurant around the corner (Loch Fyne Restaurant), theatres, pubs, shopping, everything. The hotel itself is nice but a little bit in need of updating - the corridor carpets are very old, our bathroom was very old and the shower needed regrouting and leaked, but the bedroom itself was very nice, and there were free tea/coffee facilities. Breakfast was included &amp; was fantastic - hot buffet and also a huge table filled with cheese, meats, fruit, yoghurt, juices, seeds - a really wide range of food. The huge disappointment for us was the pool. First you are given a swim cap to wear (mine had hair in it so I didn't wear it but didn't end up going in the pool anyway). Then you enter a freezing cold, dirty, old changing room with many of the lockers having &quot;out of order&quot; signs on them. You walk into the pool area &amp; it gets worse. It was absolutely freezing cold, and the pool water was barely warmer than the air. The room itself was in desperate need of a re-vamp, and a good clean. Pool was too cold for me so we tried the sauna (one was out of order). It was mildly warm, hair all over the floor, smelled of B.O. The gym was huge &amp; looked very nice but we didn't go in it. So.......the hotel is worth it for it's location and breakfast. Don't expect a glitzy, fancy hotel though. And if you're going to brave the swimming pool, bring your own swim cap.	
Jan 5 2009	Never to late to give a good first impression...	The Waldorf Hilton is in many respects a truly great hotel. The staff is extremely helpful, it has a great location, a good in-house restaurant, and the rooms are not half-bad either. I stayed there with my family in December 2008, and the only thing I can complain about is the fact that we had to change rooms two times (thankfully we were three times lucky) the first night. We had booked an ordinary guestroom, but had informed the hotel that we travelled with a two-year old boy. We arrived late on a Friday and found ourselves with a room that neighboured the banqueting hall (not very family friendly). When we made the hotel aware of our problem we were immediatly moved from the first to the eight floor. There we were put in a room that had not been pre-heated, and it proved to be a very cold December-experience. After an hour I gave up, and contacted the concierge. He, after discussing our problem with the night-time manager, upgraded us to an executive room. At midnight we had finally settled in, and from then on our stay was truly exellent. The hotel staff was throughout our stay extremely kind and helpful, and I wholeheartedly recommend the hotel to other families. We have found our London hotel, and we will return in 2009.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great location pleasant stay	We just returned from a seven night stay over the New Year's holiday. This was our second visit under Hilton management and our third stay altogether, the first being way back in 1990.We were pleased to receive a Diamond upgrade to an executive room, which was on the 7th floor. The room had a spacious bath and separate sitting room. It's only drawbacks were the tiny windows, but this is an old building, so quirks are to be expected.Staff, from the concierges to executive lounge personnel to housekeeping, were uniformally helpful and friendly. The concierge recommended and booked a great jazz restaurant for New Year's Eve, and we ended up with a table right next to the band and had a lovely evening.The location can't be beat--many buses have stops right in front of the hotel, and the property is within walking distance of Trafalgar, the Brit Museum, theatres, and Covent Garden. The Temple tube station and Covent Garden station are nearby. One can also walk to Charing Cross.We had a small disappointment when seeking lunch in the restaurant on New Year's Day, as it was not open when we went, but we then had sandwiches in the champagne bar and were happy with the service and meal.As someone else has noted, this being a holiday, the executive lounge was very busy, and there were many children. While we made good use of the amenities, we did take one look at the crowd one evening and promptly withdrew to the public bar. The cakes for tea and the snacks during the cocktail hour were good.We noted that the continental breakfast in the lounge now included eggs, tomatoes, bacon, and sausage, which was a nice improvement from our visit in 2007.We would love to return in warmer weather, but our only fear is that when we return we will no longer have Diamond status, and it would be hard not to get an upgrade, as we certainlly enjoyed the extra amenities.Many thanks to the staff.	
Jan 5 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	Stayed at the Waldorf Hilton over the last weekend before Christmas , mainly to see London's Xmas lights and a West End show. We found all the staff we came into contact with were polite and helpful , particularly at reception. It would appear that staff training is held in high regard by the hotel management as professionalism was evident throughout. We stayed in a refurbished internal room which was comfortable and very quiet. Nice powerful shower and comfortable bed. The hotel was obviously very busy at the time we stayed as when we went down for breakfast on the Sunday morning , there was quite a queue of people waiting to be seated in the restaurant. This problem was quickly resolved by seating guests in the adjacent patisserie. Again this was done very efficiently and with the minimum of fuss. Food at both breakfast and dinner in the restaurant was to a high standard and served by well trained waiting staff. Only downside to the hotel was the pool/spa area. The surroundings to the pool seemed in need of redecoration as it looked decidedly shabby. The photograph of the pool area on the website is flattering to say the least. The whole area including the changing rooms looked as though it could do with a good clean. Also the small steam room was out of order. Although we did not use the gym, it did look very well equipped with many exercise machines available. We would certainly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a central location in London - Trafalgar Square is a ten minute walk away and West End theatres are close by. We have booked another weekend at the Waldorf in February so need I say more !	
Jan 4 2009 	Great location but disappointing hotel!	We stayed at the Waldorf on 31st December. The hotel has a great location, and the Reception staff were attentive and efficient. However! We would not recommend the catering at the Waldorf. Although we went into the bar during a quiet period, the service was really poor and very slow - it seemed that the staff were more interested in the small group buying expensive bottles of champagne. We waited at least 30 minutes, standing at the bar, before someone would take our cocktail order. Breakfast was a disaster! We queued in the corridor for 20 minutes before a table was cleared / prepared. I am sure we would have waited longer, but many people gave up waiting, and left the queue. We waited a long time for someone to take a tea/coffee order, and the people on the next table complained because they had been waiting 20 minutes for theirs. There was a good selection of breakfast items available, but the cooked items were all luke warm. Our breakfast was not included in our hotel package and, in hindsight, we made a big mistake in opting for it - at £22 per person. My advice to other guests in this position is don't do it! Find a local cafe and enjoy a hot breakfast, with good service, for half the price!	
Jan 4 2009 	Lovely	I stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights in December with my sister - it was a Christmas present off our mother.Rooms:Rooms were fine - I'd read comments about people with having problems with the bathroom door, but to be honest, it is not see-through at all!The only issue I had with the room was the fact that we were on the 7th floor and as a result we had limited view of Aldwych because of the tiny window. We had additionally requested a room with a good view but obviously this had not been taken in to account.Restaurant:The restaurant is lovely and the food can not be criticized at all. The restaurant has a lovely atmosphere. The only problem that we encountered was the fact that staff tried to charge us for breakfast on 2 occasions, despite it being included in our package.Additionally, particular restaurant staff members I found to be rather rude, and I noticed that they seemed to take more seriously the older guests and I got the impression that because my sister and I were two young girls, that we were less important - we always had to ask for tea/coffee etc whereas other (older) guests got theirs upon arrival at breakfast.Hotel staff:There is quite an extreme comparison between the hotel staff - concierge staff are extremely helpful and a lot of the reception staff were too, however I found some to be rather rude and ignorant and I thought it was weird how during my full stay at the hotel I did not encounter one English memeber off staff - they were ALL foriegn. Overall I would definitely reccommend this hotel. Location is in Aldwych and near theatres such as the Dirty Dancing theatre (right next door), The Lion King theatre, and it is quite near the strand which is where the Joseph and Carousel theatre is. About 10 mins walking distance from Covent garden train station.Additionally, I have read great reviews about the restaurant &quot;Stranded.&quot; MY only advice is that you don't go here - it is over priced, small portions and the food is distasteful and the service appalling.	
Jan 2 2009 	Not a top Hilton hotel	My husband and I have just stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for one night on the 31st December. We had planned this stay for some time and were looking forward to New Year in London. We always use Hilton hotels and were looking forward to what we believed would be one of their top grade Hotels. Not so. There was disapointment after disapointment. Firstly our luggage took 45 mins to get to our room and after complaining we were offered a bottle of wine which was a very nice gesture. The room was a major disappointment. The design was all wrong and not at all homely it was a mish mash of different things put together. The bathroom is horrendous . The Loo is on its own in a glass encasement in the bedroom which you can partially see the person using it -- very embarrissing . The shower is a walk in type with no real guard to the water which can easily flow into the room, again no real privacy just a glass encasement in the bedroom. The bed was on a kind of platform ( trying to give a split level look) but it was very dangerous. Both my husband and I fell down it as not much room to walk around bed. Pictures on website do not show this.We had an executive room and the executive lounge was awful. Children running around and mainly tables and chairs we were falling over and dodging prams and no real lounging area where you can chill out ( Dockland Hilton lounge is miles better). In the Homage Salon We were to have dinner but after tasting one course and the awful smell of the food and horrendous service ( took 45 mins to get first course) we walked out . This hotel could do better to visit The Hilton Cavilieri in Rome, Hilton Paris Eiffel or even the Docklands Hilton to see how Executive lounges and food should be. We would have spent our money better going to a lesser grade Hilton and got better food and service. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. It is right in Theatre land. If you want to compromise on food and accomodation you won't be disapointed on Location. By the way how come a previous reviewer paid £170 for the same room and we paid £350? we are also Hilton Honours members-- not good business practice and we will be awaiting a refund	
Jan 2 2009	Good hotel good location	Stayed at the Waldorf with my husband for a 1 night theatre break over the Christmas holiday. We were really pleased with the hotel overall, room was good, breakfast was good and the staff were very good. Only a couple of minor winges - being on the back of the hotel the view out of our window was a brick wall and pipework - and we were surprised that there never seemed to be anyone on the door whenever we arrived or left the building. TIP: If you're going to the theatre, don't forget you can get half price parking for up to 72 hours in selected car parks if you get your parking ticket validated by the theatre.	
Dec 31 2008 	My favorite ... always	This hotel has always been my favorite in London. I've stayed at least once a year since 2004. The modern look to the rooms is attractive (to me) and the location is unbeatable (especially if you love the theater).The executive level treats have been changed, however, not for the better. Breakfast used to be a sumptuous treat in the restaurant for gold and diamond members. Now it's just a mediocre assortment in the lounge.Other than this slight disappointment, I still love the Waldorf and plan to go back soon.	
Dec 31 2008 	Excellent Value with excellent location	I just returned from a quick trip to London for a holiday getaway. The Waldorf Hilton was a great value and a great location. The hotel is a grand old hotel that has been updated and modernized. They've done a nice job in mixing the historic features and the modern amenities. We stayed in an Executive Suite, which is a 2 room suite - with an opening between the 2 rooms. It works well although there's no privacy between the 2 rooms. The room was well appointed and very comfortable. The bath was the original large marble bath with new fixtures and a new shower/tub. We were on a concierge level so we had access to the Executive Lounge. We usually stay on the concierge level at Hiltons because our diamond status grants this automatic upgrade. The lounge at the Waldorf was nicely appointed, but it was poorly laid out and was always packed. They need a larger lounge with a better layout. Because it's the holiday season, there were children everywhere in the lounge which made it even less comfortable. It was not the retreat that these lounges usually are. i often work in them, but this lounge was too loud and crowded to do that. If you're going to any plays, this is the hotel because it is located smack in the middle of the theatre district. You can walk to any theatre easily. The hotel is also centrally located to most of the tourist attractions. It was very close for us to walk to Westminister Abbey, Buckingham Palace, The tower of London, etc. - a great location. The price we paid (170 pounds per night) was a bargain for London, and especially for an Executive suite. I'm guessing this bargain price was due to the season being as this is a slow season for many hotels.The hotel staff were very attentive (unusual for many Hiltons), and it felt like a step above a Hilton for that reason. I think the fact that this historic hotel has tradition of excellent service helps elevate it above the typical Hilton service level. I'd certainly recommend this hotel, especially at these rates.	
Dec 30 2008 	Ideal Location	We stayed here for 6 nights over Thanksgiving weekend. We arrived at Heathrow around midnight after experiencing a delay of several hours on United from Washington. We had pre-booked the Heathrow Express but it was no longer running when we arrived. United had made no accommodation for transportation into central London other than arranging for 50 taxis to meet the flight at a cost of 75 pounds one-way. We elected to take the public bus for 2 pounds, which took one hour but stopped directly in front of the hotel. The Waldorf is celebrating its 100th birthday and has obviously made modern improvements but still shows its age. We were using Hilton points and had been upgraded to an executive room. However, the exterior of the hotel is undergoing renovation and the maintenance workers on the scaffolding outside our room woke us up the first morning. We then changed rooms but found that the windows had been &quot;blacked out&quot; because of the exterior renovations. (The windows were peeled to restore our view after we complained). The concierge lounge is not one of the better ones we have visited. The breakfast selection and service were quite mediocre. I had looked forward to using the pool at the hotel (which was run by a private health club) but was disappointed in its appearance and cleanliness. The lobby of the hotel is also not particularly attractive or appealing. However, overall we had a comfortable stay and the location of the hotel cannot be beat.	
Dec 29 2008 	Caution HHonors Gold Members and business travellers	Date: December 29, 2008reviewer: Patrick Vanhonacker, HHonors Gold MemberI booked this hotel through the Hilton website and I selected the hotel because of the many recent nice reviews by Tripadvisor.Unfortunately I did have a bad experience at this hotel and I would not recommend it to frequent travellers or HHonors Gold members.At check in, the front desk manager immediately told me that no room upgrade was available. I told her that I was disappointed and asked if she then could give me access to the executive lounge. This was not possible since the rules have changed and HHonors Gold members are no longer invited to the executive lounge in case no room upgrade is available. She told me that I should have received a letter about that change in policy (which I did not).I can live with no perks at all for Gold members but you wonder why Hilton deals with its frequent customers like this in times of an economic crisis: they really push their good customers to go to other chains (and there is a large choice of good hotels).The bad experience is that I was given a very small room, with no view at all (window glasses were whitened), and with a heating/ ventilation system which was broken or down (fault message), in front of the elevator and with noises (baby crying) from rooms next to it. There was not even a free bottle of water in the room, and no word of welcome. Quality/price and service/price ratio's are very poor. You will find better quality two star hotels in London for a much lower rate. So, be aware, and If you expect perks as a frequent customer, look for another hotel. If you still want to stay in this hotel (its location is very good), don't forget to bring your own bottle of water.	
Dec 18 2008 	Fantastic value excellent service stunning hotel...	I booked a King Executive Room for my girlfriend's 21st Birthday. I always check my bookings with Trip Advisor and I was a little nervous as it's never clear which photos are the room you're booking and whether you'll get a decent place in the 'room-lottery' of checking in.*** GET THE KING EXECUTIVE OPTIONS! ***I paid around £200 for the night but booking in advance for a quiet time of the year, it could cost £150 or so.Whether it's a suite or a room it's well worth it. The Executive Lounge gets you a lovely buffet breakfast with hot and cold food from the standard British cooked breakfast to cold meats (parma ham and salmon) and fresh fruits, yoghurts, croissants, pain au chocolat and danish pastries. It's what you'd expect from a 5-star but it's included in the Executive rate.Where the rate really excels is on the lounge - which verges on a 5-Star all inclusive package. From 6-8pm, there are hot and cold canapes (carpaccio, smoked fish, satay, steak strips) and all drinks including spirits (Gordons gin, Johnny Walker, Absolut Vodka) and wines are totally free. 8-11pm, there are wines and small snacks. Breakfast is 7-10 and there are further tea, coffee and cookies from 11-3. The Exec lounge is only open to people booking the Executive packages (king room, suite) and it was never very busy or noisy. The staff were very polite and friendly and check-in and check-out can also be done in the lounge if you're in a rush.The King room was stunning with wonderfully luxurious bedding, a strong shower (which does pour water *everywhere* if you're not careful!), and a wardrobe with an iron &amp; board, cafetiere, kettle, teapot and corby press etc... The room is open plan which means although the bed area is double glazed, the bathroom part is not, meaning street sounds can come through from there. Shower robe and shoes are included.We went to Dirty Dancing (literally about 50m away) at the Aldwych Theatre. It's extremely busy through Aldwych and you'll get some street noise until at least 11-12pm and it won't stop through the night, so request an internal room if that's a problem.We did have an interconnecting door which I hate, but the other room was quiet.Check hilton.com - I found the best rates were here and other travel sites were pricier.I didn't user the gym and health centre (not enough time) but these and the Grand Salon (dining area) both looked stunning.It's really worth saving and booking this hotel as a treat - I'm sure frequent 5-star visitors will always recognise lapses in service to a greater extent that I would. However, given that evening drinks can easily cost a considerable amount in London, it makes perfect sense.	
Dec 14 2008 	Very Good Hotel	Wonderful hotel, small room but VERY clean and confortable, perfect staff, poor breakfast (only cool food, hot food must be paid...but on sundays free!).We have a dinner there and very nice too,..	
Dec 11 2008 	My new favorite Hotel in the world	My husband and I take our nieces on a Christmas-shopping trip each year. This year we took in London for three days, and one of the best parts of the trip was the Waldorf Hilton, in one of the best locations in all of London, walking distance from almost everything, and &quot;tube&quot; or double-decker-bus distance from everything else. Our rooms were fabulous, thanks to a wonderful concierge, Flavia, who based on a request from a friend who had stayed there this summer, treated us like family. The rooms are grand, with high ceilings, silent heating systems, heateed towel racks, all the amenities. The hotel had all of the charm (marble staircases, floors the creek in spots) of the Waldorf Astoria that was build 100 years ago, and all of the comforts of a modern property.The concierge staff, including Flavia and others, were warm and helpful, providing bus and train maps, and excellent advice on where to buy tickets easily.The doormen made us smile every time we walked in, feeling luxurious and pampered.I have no idea what we would have paid for rooms, as we used Hilton points to stay there, but would recommend it any time, at almost any price.	
Nov 30 2008 	Disastrous!	Stayed for my birthday, on a King Executive room package including 1st evening dinner.Booked in approx 4pm and were asked what time we would like to go for dinner. We said 8 - 8.30pm. &quot;sorry we are a bit busy then can we make it 9pm&quot; By 9.35 pm we cancelled dinner as we still had not got into the restaurant.The executive lounge had great snacks and a young couple heavily petting in the middle of the room on the sofa. Tables were waiting ages to be cleared, guests were doing it themselves. The following morning at breakfast there were children running around. For the room, we asked for a low floor, with bath. We got a diabled room. When we asked to move, we were shown 2 internal rooms (no windows) which both smelled heavily of smoke. On calling the housekeeper they found us another room, with a window we could see out of, but no bath. Four times we had been told that &quot;you have been upgraded to a king executive&quot; and we had not been upgraded. We paid for a King Executive.Bathroom dangerous as water everywhere from the shower.No table and chairs to sit at, just a desk and chair or a dreadful chaise longe which was awful. No where to put bags or cases except on the floor. I made coffee on the ironing board as the kettle is in the cupboard over the ironing board. No surfaces to put any cups and saucers on.There were two water stains on the cieling, the decor was shades of grey highlighted with orange. The room gave my husband nightmares. The bed space area was tiny - even for two.The car valet service appeared to be excellent, until we wanted the car back. The concierge said he had not been told to get it. We were sat with the lady when she telephoned him.When we complained, no one listened. We have had no compensation such as a refund for the dinner which we did not get. We have had a voucher for a one night stay (non-transferrable). Why would we want to go back to a hotel where no one wanted to listen to the guests, who were only trying to get what they had paid for!We have since stayed at the Guoman at Tower Bridge and had a lovely room, which was only a standard room, but they did offer us free upgrade to a superior room.	
Nov 29 2008 	Not as Good as BEFORE	Well after staying at the Waldorf on many occasions and been very pleased with everything, We booked 2 rooms for this weekend trip On this visit there where a few thing that where not what they should have been. Dinner in the Grand Salon Restaurant the food quility was excellent {that is the 2 courses out of 3 we did get} Service was very poor {bits floating in my wine the waiter wanted to argue what was floating in it, asked for bottle water twice,had to ask for a soup spoon for my soup, other drinks that were ordered did not arrive until second time of asking,ordered desserts and informed they would take 10 mins to prepare, 25minutes later told that they would be 6 to 8 minutes,we did not have time to wait as we where going to see a show. 30 minutes is far to long to wait for a dessert} we told them that we were going to a show.Was then told sort of sorry!! we will remove the charge for your drinks} then Charged for the 3 courses told them no way and left did not have time time to talk about it would have missed the show. Spoke to the Guest Relations manager about this the next morning, see said the drinks charge had been removed {£14.00}, and would speak to the restaurant manager about this. I did expect a reply but did not get one.To add insult to injury when we went to check out the drinks bill had been added back on my bill, When i complained receptionist spoke to duty manager on the phone then removed it. The other minor things were the shower did not work in one room and floorboard under carpet in other room was broken and you could easliy have twisted your ankle, As i have said above food at dinner and breakfast was excellent. just a few things that should never happen at a 5 star hotel. I have stayed at many hilton hotels and Resorts all over the world {I AM HHONORS GOLD VIP} and if i have ever had any issues they have always been put right during my stay, SADLY THIS DID NOT HAPPEN AT THE WALDORF..	
Nov 23 2008 	Nothing special here!	I do not know, how the hotels in London do it: friendly service, yes, some renovation done in the rooms, yes, a solid brekfeast, yes. An experience above &quot;sleeping and eating somewhere&quot;: no.The room was very tiny, only partly renovated (so one could see, were new furniture/items had been placed). Otherways everything ok, but not above it. Any luxury? No way.	
Nov 22 2008 	Changing Rooms	My husband booked this hotel for one night for my birthday as we were going to the theater that evening. We arrived earlier than check in but were shown to our room straight away which was good. The room was very modern with glass bathroom which was stunning. My husband had arranged flowers to be delivered by the hotel and they were beautiful. The shower in the bathroom was lovely although it did leave us with a very wet bathroom floor all evening as the shower door is not a tight fit!We ate in the hotel restaurant which was fantastic and the service was superb particularly as we didn’t have too long to eat because of the theatre. Everything was going well until we decided to go to bed! We noticed on returning to our room about 11.30 that the door to the suite next door to us was open and what looked like a drinks reception/private party was taking place. What we didn’t realise was that the noise from this was to keep us awake! Unfortunately the party decided to move into the corridor and outside our bedroom door, what also made matters worse was there was an adjoining door between our room ad the suite which escalated the noise even more. My husband called reception after midnight to find out when the party was due to end. He was told midnight and that reception would send security up to the room. After another 20 minutes the noise certainly hadn’t died down and had in fact increased! My husband again called reception and asked to speak to the manager who said that the party was due to finish at 1am and not midnight as we previously was told. My husband wanted an assurance from reception that the party would then definitely finish. No such assurance could be given and the suggestion was that we moved rooms! My husband was keen to avoid having to do this as we were in bed and all our belongings were in our current room. After several more calls we moved rooms which meant getting dressed and walking through all the people outside our bedroom door! A member of staff showed us to our new room on a different floor, no mention of an apology, in fact he didn’t speak at all!!! Whilst this room was not next to a party it was on the main road so one noise was swapped for another!The following morning we got dressed and returned to our original room before breakfast/. Breakfast was good but could have done with seconds!! My husband spoke to reception that morning about our experience the night before and was offered a free upgrade on our next return. Needless to say we were not impressed. It is an expensive hotel and not somewhere we could stay at in the near future so the offer was worthless. Upon return my husband emailed the hotel and was finally offered 50% off our next stay which I believe still doesn’t make up for the fact that the hotels simplest option was to move my husband and me rather than do anything to stop the party or at least make sure they didn’t spill out into the corridor. Why put anyone in a room next door to a room where you know there will be in party!I just felt extremely sorry for my husband who didn’t get the quiet night away for my birthday which he had planned.	
Nov 19 2008 	Great Deal for the money this time	The name Waldorf ususally signifies luxury for people from NY but this was about 31/2 stars by our standards. Room ws a little tight for 2 sons and me in for Fulham football and tour last weekend. We stumbled into a great 3 night rate that made this hotel a great choice. Center of everything, nice lobby with plenty of helpful staff . Room is basic but bath is nice. Floor in 506 has a creaky floor but the worst thing is the daily 6:30AM wakeup you get when the trashman dumps all the empties from the pubs previous night into the truck. We're returning in April for the London Marathon and f I could get the same price I'd stay here in a minute.	
Nov 15 2008 	Very nice week	We had a very special week at the Waldorf Hilton. My husband and I travelled toLondon to celebrate my birthday with some theater. We were booked into an executive suite with access to the executive lounge. This is a very worthwhile addition as it affords you a full and delicious breakfast as well as pre-theater drinks and nibbles. They also serve afternoon tea but we were out most days and did not get to take advantage. This hotel is perfectly located. You can walk to several major tube stations and most theaters. It is always bustling and you feel that you are in the heart of everything. Our room was beautiful and comfortable.We stayed on the &quot;contemporary&quot; side of the hotel which I suppose means that the rooms are newly refurbished. They are beautiful. The staff was helpful and courteous. They provided a delicious complimentary cake for my birthday and changed out the duvet and pillows immediately for allergy purposes. This is a fine hotel and we will most definately stay there again.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great stay at the Waldorf!	We stayed at the Waldorf for 2 nights at the end of October/beginning of November. We booked a deluxe queen room using a great minibreak deal on the Hilton website - the room rate was reduced by 50% with full English breakfast included. It was an absolutely fabulous deal which represented amazing value for money.We requested early check in which was swift and friendly. We had an internal-facing room on the 4th floor - not a problem for us as it meant no traffic noise but if a view is important it might be worth requesting an external facing room.We had one of the 'design' rooms with the glass toilet and shower doors - again, not a problem for us but it certainly doesn't afford much privacy! One small gripe was that when using the horizontal jets in the shower I created a bit of a flood on the bathroom floor - the door seal didn;t seem to be able to cope. It was fine when using the 'normal' shower setting.The bed was very comfortable and all other room facilities were of a high standard. Mini bar is expensive, but this was not unexpected.Breakfast was good, although I doubt we'd have paid £22 for the full English had it not been included in the room rate. Service was prompt and polite.Overall we had a very enjoyable stay - the location of this hotel is hard to beat and the service in all areas was very good. We will definitely be back!	
Nov 6 2008 	Good	I think this hotel offers excellent service and the interior design of the bedrooms and bathrooms is simply fab, very boutique hotel in style. It isn't cheap and the rooms aren't enormous but everything is done with finesse. I liked it.	
Nov 2 2008 	Tired Waldorf	We have just returned from an overnight stay, at the Waldorf, which we booked as part of a theatre trip.We had high hopes for this hotel, but were sadly disappointed, no opulent interior, as you would expect for a hotel of this nature, the rooms are clean, but the whole hotel appears dated, more like a Travelodge really.The bar is small and tatty, with no ambience at all.We had an evening meal, in the hotel restaurant as part of our package, it was nothing to write home about, and very overpriced, £19.00 for a ribeye steak, with nothing extra, what a rip-off.The breakfast was cold, and we were eating by 9am, not very impressive.Bathrooms are small, and very dated.On the plus side the bed was comfy! Stay away, there are much better hotels for the money in London.	
Nov 1 2008 	Overrated - give it a miss and save a lot of money!	My sister and I booked a two night stay at the Waldorf as a part of a surprise weekend in London for my mum for her 60th birthday. The hotel is located in a beautiful building and boasts a great location. However, it very much rides on its rather outdated and overinflated reputation.We found the service to be very rude and at times almost hostile - most notably in the restaurant and on the front desk. They also messed up our bill and I had a real fight on my hands when we checked out to get them to realise their mistake - not the professional service I had been expecting and that is so widely advertised on their website.The rooms were nice enough but not of the standard I was expecting for a five star hotel of one of the largest hotel chains in the world. The breakfast was nice and allowed you to serve yourself or select table service, however, this alone was not enough to justify the huge price tag that is attached to a stay at the Waldorf.There are many other really lovely hotels in London which offer a much better, more professional and more friendly,caring service than the Waldorf, and I would not recommend it to any of my friends or family.	
Oct 31 2008	Fantastic hotel my favorite in London	We stayed here for 2 nights with my parents on a trip to the UK and booked a weekend package which included a free dinner in the hotel restaurant. The room was a bit small but this is normal in London and they did a great job of making a nice room out of a tight space. It looks like the rooms have been recently renovated - very nicely done. This hotel is by far my favorite hotel in London. The set menu in the hotel restaurant was very good value and the food was fabulous. The restaurant itself is very beautiful and is worth a visit even if you're not staying at the hotel! The bar downstairs has great atmosphere (but the drinks are a bit expensive). I absolutely recommend this hotel, for business or pleasure (especially if you stay for a weekend and get the same package we did!)	
Oct 30 2008 	Unpretentious 5-star luxury	I stayed at the Waldorf for just one night and was really disappointed by the fact that I had to check out so soon. I have stayed in many, many London hotels, including some of the classic, grand ones, and the Waldorf was great and for a fraction of the usual prices. The style of the hotel combines elegance with low-key modernity. The rooms have some of the features of a traditional 5-star hotel eg marble bathroom as well as surprising decorative details eg the colour of the walls and bed headbord giving away hints at the hotel's history. Plus, it had the most amazing sheets ever and wonderful LaSource toiletries. The champagne bar is a beautiful rococo room, the bar is darker and more evening-y. The location is extrelemely safe and convenient for most visitors and if you ask for a room facing the back yard (no traffic noise) you can sleep like a baby. All in all, it was a wonderful stay and it was quite inexpensive. P.S. If someone from management reads this, please reply stating the brand of the sheets used. I want them!!!	
Oct 10 2008 	very good hotel	Stayed at the Waldorf for the first time this week while visiting London for a theatre visit and have nothing but good to say about it. We have stayed in more expensive hotels and not received the great service we received here.Everybody was very helpful and they smiled which is such a pleasant change, food was very good and everywhere was spotless we will definitely return.	
Oct 6 2008 	Fantastic but no room for vanity!	Fantastic hotel, comfortable, friendly, well equipped - only one drawback which we did not like was that the toilet and shower were glass cubicles - OK - you couldn't really see through the glass as such, but did not like this one bit - it did look very good though - however some things are meant to be kept personal - even between sisters! However would happily stay there if I wasn't sharing a room with anyone else. The only one drawback at this lovely hotel.	
Oct 3 2008 	The most fantastic hotel!	My fiance and I just keep returning to the Waldorf Hilton. The hotel is simply fantastic in every aspect. The level of service is second to none. The rooms are beautifully decorated, modern, with comfy beds, power showers and a bright, modern bathroom. The restaurant serves really tasty, modern, well presented cuisine and is well worth a visit. The staff are friendly and are always helpful. I always enjoy my stays and I am due to return at the end of October. It is an amazing hotel with a real focus on service, so refreshing to see these days. I cannot recommend it highly enough.	
Sep 28 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	My husband and I had a lovely stay at the Hilton Waldorf. It was clean, modern, quiet, comfortable and the room was a good size with a huge plasma TV and feather pillows! The location is just a short stroll from Covent Garden and the staff were very friendly and attentive. I have stayed at the One Aldwych (next door) before and thought this hotel was as good if not better especially being half the price! The only let down was that there seemed to be some work going on and we couldn't see out of the window in the room for the scaffolding. But we weren't really in the room long enough to be gazing out a window!	
Sep 27 2008 	Enjoyed our stay at the Waldorf Hilton	We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton this past June and really enjoyed our stay. The staff was very nice, polite and went beyond the call of duty. We check in after an overnight flight from San Francisco. Tired and a little cranky. As our car pulled up there was a bellman there to take our luggage. We were upgraded to an Executive King room, even though we had pulled points for the stay. When our luggage arrived in our room we were missing one of our four bags (the smallest one). The bellman went back down stairs to look for it, but they only had three marked down. They researched the missing luggage and kept us informed of what they were doing, the poor bellman must have been up to our room three or four times. Only to find out that we had left the bag in the car that delivered us to the hotel. In another instance of above and beyond they bellman came to our door after I failed to answer a wake up call. They were not sure if the call had gotten through and wanted to insure that we did not oversleep. While we did not eat at the restaurant on site, we had an enjoyable cocktail in the lounge. In addition on the first night when we were looking around and stuck our head into the restaurant to check it out and were greeted warmly by the hostess. She took the time to show us the restaurant, the atrium, and the other lounge.The only draw back to the hotel was the shower which is very, very, very narrow and a little slippery. We had a wonderful stay and would recommend the hotel to others going to London.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great business class hotel in city centre	I stayed in the Waldorf whilst on a business trip to London. It cost £175 room only per night which is good value for the city centre. The room was modern, clean and well equipped. Staff were friendly and helpful. The bed was very comfortable and I got a good nights sleep!! Not much else to say really... I arrived at 10pm, went to bed and checked out at 8am! I'd stay there again.	
Sep 14 2008 	don't go!	the hotel dines out on former glory, there is no customer care, the rooms are small, dingy and over priced. They get away with it because its a place for tourists, it makes me feel really bad as a local to see people getting ripped off in London hotels.	
Sep 8 2008 	Wonderful Experience!	We were treated like royalty! My husband and I had a wonderful experience during our recent four night stay at the Waldorf Hilton in London. We chose this hotel because it is difficult to find a hotel in the Covent Garden area and we like the Hilton chain. This turned out to be the best location in London as we were centrally located and could walk to all the popular sights. It is also close to several tube and bus stops and tons of restaurants and theaters. Our room was large and modern with lovely Crabtree and Evelyn shampoos and lotions. From the moment we arrived the entire staff was professional, thoughtful, polite and friendly. All of our expectations were not only met but exceeded. We have a new and deeper appreciation of Hilton quality after this experience - now prefering Hilton for foreigh and US travel. A special thanks to Mario who went out of his way to put us in an upgraded room and Maja whose lovely personality added warmth to our stay at the Waldorf Hilton.	
Sep 2 2008	Great hotel!!!	Excellent stay - as a diamind member, upgraded to a suite on 1st level and granted access to the exective lounge.suite - 2 flatscreens. tub/shower with multiple shower heads for entire body. robes/slippers. spacious living room with 2nd bath.executive lounge - open 7am until 11pm. good munchies with free drinks!! breakfast was ok, no change day to day. great customer service in the lounge.front desk - one morning it was raining, they provided umbrellas to use throughout entire day. great customer service.	
Sep 2 2008	Great Hotel great location	This waas a great hotel in a great location for the London Eye, the theatres and Covent Garden. Leisure facilities were a little shabby but other than that it was a great hotel	
Aug 31 2008 	Very dissapointing	We were very dissapointed with the Waldorf after booking it for a special night in london to celebrate a 30th birthday.We were in a room at the very back of the property with constant drilling and hammering from the next door property. One the third telephone call to reception to ask if either this could be stopped or could we be moved we were told that there was nothing they could do about it.The room was very small and we could hear the conversation from the next door room as the walls were quite thin. The swimming pool was nice but the steam room was not working and the sauna area was in a state of dis-repair. Lastly, we over-heard maids arguing across the hall.Upon leaving we expressed our views to the manager at the time and was simply told sorry and we hope your experience will be better next time you stay with us! So - yes great location, but by golly - not worth the money at all - i've stayed in better motels than the waldorf. Will never stay there again.	
Aug 21 2008 	Disappointing stay	While you cannot beat the location of this hotel, frankly that's all there is to it. The rooms on the Alwych side of the hotel are extremely noisy (lots of bus stops in this busy theater district). I was there on a Saturday night, and could hardly sleep. The new style of the rooms is off. You walk into the see-through bathroom, weird statues, sofa that looks like one you would find in a hospital waiting room. Staff poorly trained. Hardly any benefit for a Diamond member of the HHonors program. Dirty carpets. Nope, did not like my stay there. Sorry!	
Aug 18 2008 	Wonderful week at the Waldorf	We just spent an idyllic week at the Waldorf in London. We were upgraded on arrival to an executive room that was really a small suite with lots of lovely ammenities such as robe and slippers, fruit and iced tea on arrival, a bottle of Evian water every evening, turn down service and the best perk of all - unlimited access to the Executive Lounge where we had free use of computer, comfortable chairs to relax in and free food and drink all day long. This significantly added to the value of our stay. The staff were very courteous and helpful going out of their way to see if we needed anything. The location was great. We were very close to all the theaters and Covent Garden as well as many of the must-see sights.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great week	We (I, my wife, her sister and her husband) started our joint 44th anniversary trip with a week at the Waldorf Hilton. We had booked using a Hilton reward and were upgraded to a top floor very large room. The elevator stops on the sixth floor so you have a short flight of stairs to the seventh. Our three windows were obstructed by the scaffolding installed for exterior renovations to this 100 year old building but there was little or no noise while we were in the room.Furnishings were modern and the bed was very comfortable, albeit a tad soft for our liking. The Bathroom was also very large with a full tub and shower and many toiletries provided. Ample towels were available except on Sunday when housekeeping did not replace all the towels, leaving us somewhat short. A call quickly remedied this oversight.There was a huge closet under the eves with two umbrellas. One could store a year's worth of clothes in that space.The air conditioning system was one of the best we have experienced in Europe. We prefer it somewhat cool and the system provided more than ample cooling.We were also granted access to the executive lounge where a continental breakfast was provided along with eggs, bacon, etc every morning, gratis. Complimentary alcoholic beverages were offered in the evening along with tea service in the afternoon. The lounge also had a free wifi internet connection and a computer station for guest use.The location in the West end was excellent for us as we had booked plays during our stay. The large number of restaurants, nearness to Covent Garden and other locations make for a great center of operations for our explorations. With Trafalgar Square just a short bus ride down the Strand and easy access to Parliament Square via bus, we were more than pleased with the location.The Hotel is offering guided tours of the building during the 100th year celebration but we did not take advantage of this. Service, room and staff were all very good and we will stay again on our next visit either here or at the Park Lane Hilton, the other of our favorite Hilton properties in London.	
Aug 10 2008 	Contemporary classic with great features	The Waldorf Hilton is not a luxury hotel as the Browns or Dorchester, but a very good business hotel with excellent service and well equiped rooms. We had a standard room and it was very clean, had a comfortable bed and was equipped with everything that you would need during a weekend stay in London.Its a old hotel with a new touch and the hotel indicate a new state of art with their modern designed rooms. We have stayed in several british hotels, also Hilton, and had an old stuffy, mouldy experience - but this was great!The reception area is soulless and boring, but you will find the Waldorf soul in the bar, in the café and in the restaurant. If we had more time we should used this courts much more because they was nice and you could find everything you need. The hotel got a very nice fitness area with swimmingpool. The location, for shopping weekend, is not the best but ok with a short taxi ride a a longer walking tour to Bond Street, Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. The breakfast was excellent with several choices from the continental buffet and the space was airy and elegant. Service overall was good and you left the hotel with a smile.	
Aug 3 2008 	Steeped in History	Stayed here for one night and had a brief but great time.The building is 100 years old and steeped in history (preserved as a listed buidling I believe).You can just imagine people stopping here in the 1950's or 1920's (if you get my drift).The staff were excellent, Ashely the conceriege was very helpful and the bell boy / porters were super professional.We took advantage of Valet parking as we drove to London, which at £48 was slightly on the expensive side, but saves a lot of hassle.Our room was good with bits of abstract modern art mixed in with the traditional architecture which seemed to work really well.I wouldnt have gone as far as to say that our room was 5 *, more lilike a 4 or good 3*.If you are looking for a hotel that puts you smack bang centre of the west end then this is definatly for you, you are a few metres away from all the theatres and extremely close to Covent garden also. There are lots of bike taxi's (not sure what they are called) which are very handy.We chose to eat out (a great little italian called Stranded on the Strand) but if we had another night we would have eaten in, as the dining room looked fantastic.All in all, very enjoyable and a prestige hotel to say you've been too!!!	
Aug 2 2008 	Loved the Waldorf	Had a really enjoyable stay at the Waldorf, hotel is fab and everything you would expect from a 5 star. No problems at all. We had a Deluxe Queen room on 3rd floor, bed extremely comfortable, bathroom was lovely. large plasma TV was great. We booked the Theatre break weekend and couldn't fault anything. Staff were polite and helpful.	
Jul 28 2008 	great stay	Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, from our first arriving, before the official check-in time, to our leaving 3 days later.Our room on the 7th floor was stylish, bed was comfortable, lovely wall mounted large LCD TV. I'm not a fan of aircon and so that was switched off and a window opened. Despite being directly on The Aldwych, noise level not too bad. Concealed minibar with hospitality tray and safe, 2 x complentary umbrellas as the weather had recently been inclement. Dressing gown and slippers pack. Decent bathroom with C&amp;E goodies that didn't strip the skin and were swiftly replenished. Delightful cold buffet breakfast, with hots cooked to order.Had set 3 course dinner in the restaurant one night as we had a theatre date, food was perfectly cooked, on time and very good value.I managed a great deal for £165 per night, bargain!	
Jul 20 2008 	very nice but very overrated	I don't really know what to say we definately had a mixed experience at this hotel. The hotel is absolutely stunning from the outside, its a beautiful building in a great location. We arrived at the Waldorf as part of the final leg of our journey from Italy, we had set off from Italy at 11am, got a taxi to Nice and a train to Paris, where we caught the Eurostar at 8pm and arrived in London at around 11pm. We were shattered with over a weeks worth of holiday lugage. Anyway we were greeted by friendly reception staff and checked in without a problem, unfortunately we were not offered any help with our 3 suitcases so this was rather frustrating as there was only myself and my boyfriend. We got the lift up to our room which was awkward as when you arrive on the floor there are lots of single steps which are rather annoying when you have luggage. We arrived at the room and it was beautiful but VERY VERY VERY small, infact I think the bathroom was possibly bigger than the actual room (we were paying £205 for the night for the tiniest room I have ever seen). To add to the problem it was the WARMEST room I have every been in with the most humidity, the window wouldn't open, the air conditioning was broken and the extractor fan wouldn't work in the bathroom so after my shower the entire room was full of steam making it even more unbareable. There was literally sweat pouring off my boyfriend and he was very upset as we were so tired. The room was so small we kept tripping over our cases all the time as there was nowhere to put them!! Anyway after nearly an hour we decided enough was enough and phoned down to reception to move rooms which they allowed us to do. The room we were taken to was a lot cooler but still as minute. The room itself aside from the size is gorgeous, wonderful fixtures in the bathroom and a lovely miniatures pack from Crabtree and Evelyn. The bed was extremely comfortable with lovely soft sheets. The space in the room though was just so poor, even the bed, 1 side was pushed up against the wall so to get out of it I either had to climb over my partner or climb down the bed, it was just a joke. Fortunately the next morning we went for breakfast and it was delicious, they hold breakfast buffet in the grand ball room and it was spectacular, very nice. Our train wasn't until 4pm so we asked if it was ok if we stayed until 12 and they said it was fine which was nice. They also held our luggage for us while we did a bit of shopping. the staff were a lot more helpful at check out and even helped us with our bags and got us a taxi. Overall after staying in other hotels in London for half the price and twice the value I wouldn't stay at the Waldorf again.	
Jul 14 2008 	GOOD HOTEL GREAT LOCATION	We stayed at the waldorf Hilton for 1 night in March 2008 to see a show in the Novello theatre. The hotel is expensive but is well located to cater for the theatre district and Covent Garden.Nearest tube station is Covent Garden about 5 mins walk away. Hotel is next door to the Novello Theatre (see photos)You can walk to Westminster in about 20-30 minsHotel costs around £200 - £250 for a room per night with breakfast included, Breakfast is good and starts at 7.00 am ish, but what we found was that at the start not all choices were available and the full range of buffet arrived after 15 mins of breakfast opening.The room (standard room) was very comfortable, but spoilt by a few broken items in bathroom, one being the toilet seat (im sure if we had complained they would have sorted it out!).Staff pleasant and helpful.Overall a very pleasant stay at the Waldorf Hilton and we would stay again if in the area.	
Jul 9 2008 	Decent Hotel	I spent a week at this hotel recently. Arrived quite early in the morning and the room was available - though as Hilton Gold VIP members - they just had an ordinary room for me, but promised to move me the next day. The regular room was decent, - but had the glass shower and bathroom doors - I had no view except some awful black buildings at the back of the hotel. Breakfast was included in the rate. I found it difficult to get what I wanted - wheat toast, arrived as white - scrambled egg as fried - the waitress was from Romania and obviously did not understand much of what was requested. The reception had promised an upgraded room - however, nothing happened. So I went down to reception, who apologised ( and appeared to have no knowledge that I wanted to change rooms) and promptly moved me to the upgraded room. This room had a little entry hall with a chest of drawers and a desk and then the bedroom and bathroom. The room while nice and spacious had tremendously squeaky floors which was irritating when using the bathroom at night and the shower in the tub quite laughable. It had an unmoveble head.. Just try and wash properly when stuck in the corner of the tub right against the faucets!! Turn down service was inconsistent - bottled water was only offered three nights out of the seven we were there. Construction was going on right outside our window and I was woken up bright and early each morning by the workers yelling at each other and hammering! The one afternoon I arrived back at the hotel at 5 p.m. and the room still had not been made up. When I called down - service express - wanted to know if I had left the do not disturb button on. No I hadn't - when the housekeeper came up she told me that this sometimes happens on a Sunday as they are very busy!! The great part about this hotel though was the Executive Lounge - open till late with a great assortment of items to consume. The doormen were friendly - and always ready with a greeting. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk to the nearest tube - Holborn, but there are buses right outside the hotel which I used - and a five minute walk into Covent Garden itself. This is a decent hotel - with a few minor problems - but I probably would consider staying here again.	
Jul 6 2008 	Ambivalent about the Waldorf	I stayed at the Waldorf for TEN nights while on a business trip. I waited a week to write this review because I am still ambivalent about it. Which no doubt accounts for the mixed reviews. First--I booked a twin as I was on business with a colleague and we thought that at USD500 per night we could get somewhere different a little upmarket. London hotels being what they are (ie expensive and small). Their twin rooms are NOT for two people. There is one chest of drawers, the two beds were pushed together and we consistently received enough toiletries for ONE person. Even when I kept leaving notes--two females use a lot of toiletries. Housekeeping was good about sending someone up but... Only one computer outlet (no wireless in room) meant that we had to share the computer..two computers = GBP140 per week and I couldn't justify it. Last, one bedside lamp works--if someone wants to read the whole room is lit up. Bummer. I thought the stairwell to the gym was grotty and it put me off using it...it seemed to be always crowded and in need of a new paint job/renovation. (FYI in NYC I stay at the Affinia Dumont and it's far superior).First night at 12 am room service tried to deliver food to our room--yes, we were asleep. Second night @ 11pm they tried to change our sheets (we hadn't asked). So that did not put me in a good mood. And I must admit to expecting some kind of &quot;apology&quot; fr management. Also they had my name wrong and despite telling front desk twice they refused to believe I said who I was--the booking had my correct name so I could prove it. (I missed phone calls from two important business associates).The Good--the staff were really helpful; breakfast was great (and included in the price); and truly, the location cannot be bettered if you like theatre. Buses are inches away so great for transportIf you could get a deal at less than UDS300, I would jump at it. But in future I think I will stay at another hotel and get two rooms. I understand the poster who says s/he is checking the &quot;willing to be contacted&quot; box as I feel the same way . . . which is a pity cos it is so close to being a 'great hotel'.	
Jul 2 2008 	Very Nice Experience!	My family and I just returned from a 10 day trip through London, Paris and Normandy. I was a bit hesitant being that this was an older &quot;rehabed&quot; hotel but fear not! I was very pleased with the hotel...it was completely renovated and restored! Unlike some rehabed hotels...the Waldorf did and excellent job! The staff was wonderful! They upgraded one of our rooms to a deluxe room which was very comfortable. The rooms are decorated in an avant garde style while incorporating some of the original fictures in the bath. Of our three rooms, we were a family of 7, the standard room was as nicely decorated but smaller...perfect for 2 people with a very large bathroom even by US standards. Each room had a very nice stainless steal tea and coffe service with an electric kettle, French Press Coffee, tea pot and service for two. Also there were sets of wine glasses and drinking glasses supplied in the bar like closet. Air conditiioning worked very well...the room was cold at times...a rarity in Europe during the summer!The location of the hotelis great for see all the London attractions. Close to Temple tube stop (perfect for visting Tower Bridge), Covent Garden Tube stop ( perfect Tube hub for all of London) as well as a direct bus in front of the hotel that goes directly to Piccadilly Circus and Lecheister Square!We truly enjoyed our stay at this hotel!	
Jul 1 2008 	shockingly disappointing	It was my daughter's birthday so we took a trip to london and since her father is still stuck in the era of Eddie Murphy and the movie &quot;Coming to America&quot; he booked us into the Waldorf Astoria on Aldwych.We got in very late at about 1am and didn't have any problems checking in. The service and the room seemed nice enough. It had a front parlour and the bedroom at the back with a tub and a shower in a green glass cubicle. From then on, it was downhill.I couldn't get to sleep because every 6 seconds something in the wall would creak. This went on forever and finally I called the reception and they sent someone up. He listened in and tried to find the source of the irritatingly punctual creak to no avail.He then offered to give me another room. I accepted but since my daughter was asleep, I told him that we would move in the morning. I didn't get any sleep tha night.The new room was much nicer than the first BUT after finally being able to rest a bit, my daughter couldn't find a toy so we removed the blanket only to find a big dark disgusting stain on the bedsheet!!This was the worst thing. My daughter had slept on that stain!!! It wasn't a stain that remained after washing, it was a fresh stain.At £400+ a night, it was horrible. This was supposed to be the Waldorf!!I asked to have my boots cleaned which they did (free of charge he said) He used oxblood polish on tan leather boots (ruined them, of course) i wish I hadn't tipped him.The gym isn't part of the hotel but was nice.The staff were mostly foreigners (which presents no problem to me, being a foreigner myself) but you just get the idea of UNTRAINED UNPROFESSIONAL ( and maybe) cheap labour. They should speak good English and be professional.2 weeks earlier I had stayed at the London metropole on edgware and it was worth it.The price wasnt anything near the Waldorf but the service was a million times better.To show how pained I am, I'm clicking the willing to be contacted box should anyone want to contact me.I wasn't at all surprised to see negative reviews here.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Hotel	I am a Hilton Gold VIP member and stayed there 5 nights on business. I was given a free upgrade to a suite and allowed to check in several hours before noon. IAfter a 10,000 km flight, knew this was going to be a great stay.The Executive Lounge Happy Hours (ie free house pouring brands of liquour ia the longest I have seen anywhere - from 5 till 11pm!) and the Waldorf is a historical hotel acquired (and completely renovated - read e.g. plasma TV in every room, 2 in my suite!) by Hilton recently - the classy structure and building shows.The location is great - right in the middle of the theater district, and bustops and a cab rank right outside the front door!	
Jun 20 2008 	You get what you really need.	If you like very hard beds, are a smoker, want a boutique hotel in a secluded neighborhood, or cannot afford to pay luxury prices, this place is not for you. For anyone else, this hotel will provide what you need. This hotel is located between the Covent Garden and Temple underground stations, on the edge of the theater district, next to the London School of Economics. It is an old hotel, but totally renovated. It is much better than a Hilton Hotel of the kind located in the U.S.; they just rent the name &quot;Hilton.&quot; The rooms are spotlessly clean, and service is excellent. The beds are exceptionally comfortable. There is absolutely no noise audible from within the hotel, and, although street noise is audible, there is no street noise at night. The heat / air conditoning is soundless, and although it did not supply sufficient heat for me (in June), the hotel brought a space heater that heated the entire suite. The rooms/suites are spacious for a London hotel, and the bathrooms are comfortable and practical with excellent shower/baths. There is a large and well equiped health club. Only two negatives: the pillows are negligible--it is almost like sleeping without a pillow--unless you use two; and the T.V. selections are a bit limited, with one of the selections being Fox News.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great Hotel great location.	We have just spent one night in the Waldorf and got a very good deal for such a nice hotel. You can't beat the location and as everyone else says the staff were great. The room was lovely and the air con meant we didn't need to brave the traffic noise by having the windows open. I believe the hotel don't operate the pool and fitness suite. The 'path' from changing room to pool is like some awful run down underpass and the pool room itself has seen better days. Definately comes under 'shabby chic'. But to have a free facility like that in London with sauna and steam room is great (Langham charge about £8) so I am really not complaining. It simply adds to the experience.We didn't have breakfast so can't comment, but great value, great hotel!	
Jun 12 2008 	Great Hotel great location great staff!	I used my Hilton Honor points to book this hotel and the service was wonderful!!! The executive floor lounge was great and offered free breakfast, afternoon tea and internet access. With the American dollar being so low, it was great savings! The hotel is centrally located, rooms are clean and a good size and we were also given an upgrade for being a diamond member. We left for Brussels for three days and they kept our large suitcases for us for this time so we did not have to bring them on the train. GREAT SERVICE! Not far from Covent Square and walking distance to many of the major tourist areas and shopping. I would stay at this hotel again for sure!	
Jun 10 2008 	Avoid the 1st floor - very noisy	This hotel is well above average for London. However, I would strongly recommend that you avoid getting a room on the first floor. My stay was ruined by the noise from a wedding reception in the main hall. In my room, the noise from the main hall was extremely loud, louder than the TV in the room. As well as echoing through the walls, the room's floor reverberated in time to the music. Also, these events finish late, not until 1:00am. All in all, a very similar experience to staying in a room above a very noisy pub disco!Worringly, the response I received from the hotel did not seem to indicate that they saw anything wrong with the situation!	
May 26 2008 	Avoid this Hotel if you are a smoker	Absolutely one of the worst Hotels I ever visited.If you are a smoker avoid it in any case. Smokers are handled as criminals in this Hotel and instead of a room the squeeze you in prison cell disguised as a hotel room. And you know what the worst thing is? It seems that they really enjoy it !!!!Are you a smoker? Bad for you.... Sorry Sir, we only have a limited number of rooms for smokers because customers like you are not welcome in our Hotel and we won't make anything to make you feel comfortable!You will get a windowless (!!!!) tiny room. It will be clean and fully equiped. It will even have a large LCD TV but the TV will be so large that it will occupy the entire wall (since the wall is a tiny one, as the whole room) .The outcome? You can't stay in this room for more than 2 hours. You go to work in the morning, back in the Hotel for shower and change clothes and then straight outside walking clueless all around London in order to avoid staying in the room. And then back to Hotel for sleep and start all over again.Afternoon work in the room? Absolutely out of the question. You can't stay in the room for work no mater how short the deadlines are!!!OK Hilton, we know that London is a non-smoking city. But at least you can handle your smoking customers that pay the same good money (as your non-smokers customers do) for your service a better way and make them feel a little more comfortable in this high inhospitable city (at least for smokers).And you know what the worst think is? I HAVE to stay in the same Hotel again because it is near to my job (!!!!). But this time I will ask for a non-smokers room and I will bring an ashtray along from home.P.S. After visiting Waldorf Hilton, I stayed in Holiday Inn Hotel in Skopje F.Y.R.O.Macedonia. It is a 3 star Hotel but they provided me with an excellent room in the 7th floor with marvelous river view and the people there were very friendly (despite the problems that exist between Greece and FYROM). We are talking about a civilized country and a civilized Hotel if you ask me since they handle smokers and non-smokers with the same level of respect.The same level of civilization you will find in Hilton Cyprus, in Grand Hotel Sofia, in Sheraton and in Tirrana International Hotels in Tirrana (Albania) and in Hyatt Regency in Belgrade (Serbia).London and UK? Thanks but no thanksRegardsGeorge KontogiannisAthens, Greece***********************************************Greece, Land of the GodsSea and Sun (and smoke) are our birtrights***********************************************	
May 26 2008 	Great location Wonderful staff	I stayed at the Waldorf for sixteen nights during a business trip and had a fantastic experience. The executive room I had was spacious and comfortable, and was well set up for the few days when I actually worked out of my hotel room. The only thing that I would have wanted to be different was to have the ability to open the windows, as the weather was beautiful! The executive lounge was nice, and had all of the basics you would expect.The staff of the Waldorf was what made the trip excellent. From concierges, Ashley &amp; Mo, and their great restaurant recommendations, to the bellmen like Raedek who greeted us every time with a large smile and a helping hand. It couldn't have been better. The location too is convenient, right on the edge of Covenant Garden, next to the Theaters, and within walking distance of some great sights.If it is not included in your room, the breakfast at the hotel is expensive ($22), but there are good lower cost options in the neighborhood. All in all, a great stay.	
May 17 2008 	One hundred not out!	This hotel celebrates its centenary in 2008, so it must be doing something right.For me it was expensive but good value. I was upgraded to an executive room and it was large, I suspect actually two rooms had been knocked into one. It was well designed with a few funky touches. The executive lounge was also comfortable. Plug in internet was £15 a day, but was fast and included a voucher that allowed use of BT's WIFI in other locations during that day. The staff are obviously trained to a very high standard. Its biggest beneft is the location, which is unbeatable, close to Covent Garden, Holborn and Temple tube stations, and buses to everywhere.The potential downside was that my room, on the 3rd floor, overlooked the Aldwych, which I was worried would be noisy. The double glazing was not well installed and I could certainly hear the roar of traffic outside. However I slept like a log, so maybe my concern was mis-placed. A staff member told me that there isn't much noise from the 5th floor upwards, and in any case there are rooms which don't face the front of the hotel which would be quieter.	
May 14 2008 	The Waldorf	Just returned after weekend at the Waldorf! We had a wonderful time and would recommend this hotel whole heartedly. Check in was quick and painless our room was good and the hotel staff were lovely. Breakfast was excellent and the evening meal was fine. The location was excellent too. The only down point for us was the pool/gym area. The staff were very unhelpful and it was all pretty grimy and dirty, in need of a serious facelift. So my advice would be if you want a place with a pool don't go here, but otherwise this place is fab!!!!	
May 12 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Waldorf for a conference my firm was hosting and I think the hotel did a stand up job helping us through it and would recommend it as a conference venue. Because it was a business trip, I can't comment on value as I'm not sure what my bill was (yes, if only I had that luxury everytime!). However, it's a very polished and distinguished looked hotel from the inside and outside. And it's located in a good location. You can walk to a lot of different sites and areas. Subways are close by too. The room was your standard room but had more than ample space and definitely felt roomy. The hotel restaurant was good (although, it wasn't very busy) and I found the hotel bar to be a nice place to have some drinks too. I ordered room service on an occassion as well and found the food to be good too. The business centre was well equiped (free printing functionality) and was open 24 hours (I needed it too). Unfortunately, I did not manage to try any of the facilities (gym etc.).The Waldorf definitely has the 'wow' factor (as demonstrated when I told a friend of mine who lives in London to pick me up at the Waldorf and he said 'wow'). Unforunately, I believe it is quite pricey but if you can expense it or afford it I'd recommend it.	
May 12 2008 	Lovely Hotel Great Location	We enjoyed two nights at the Waldorf in London. The room was tastefully decorated with upgraded amenities, flatscreen tv, desk, and very comfortable bed. The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. As a Hilton Honors Gold member, breakfast in the restaurant was included and delicious but at 22 British Pounds or roughly $40 USD pp, we would have skipped it for something more economical if it wasn't part of our package. We didn't have time to take advantage of any of the fitness center or pool as we were spending all of our time enjoying the fantastic weather London was having. The location was terrific. About a 5 min walk to the Temple Underground station and close to the touristy sites we wanted to see. There were lots of restaurants and pubs nearby as it is just on the edge of Covent Gardens. I would recommend and would stay again.	
May 11 2008 	Disappointed	We recently visited New York and stayed at the New York Hilton and was so impressed we decided to stay at the Waldorf Hilton during our visit to London.However, although the location was good and the exterior looked very impressive when we reached our room after a quick check in we were very disappointed with the room.It was very very small, very very dark with broken curtain pulley so couldn't open the curtains. The bathroom was a decent size however the plughole was dirty!!After a fantasic show (Dirty Dancing highly recommened) we had a pretty comfortable night in the comfy bed we were looking forward to our breakfast.Again, we were disappointed. We had to ask for toast which should have been brought to our table automatically, and although there was plenty of variety of food it was only just warm.While I would stay at the hotel in New York again I don't think I would stay here for more than one night.	
May 11 2008 	Loved it	The hotel is perfectly located in the centre of the theatre land. We had an amazing room, with access to the executive lounge, which was amazing, worth paying the extra bid just to get access to the lounge. Staff was very helpful and nothing was too much for them. Especially reception desk was amazing!!!	
May 8 2008 	Splendid Hotel	This hotel is touted as a luxuary 5* hoetl. Well it is, From the moment I entered to the moment we left we loved it. The staff are excellent, the facilities are great and the food hall along with the food was fantastic. The only gripe I have really seen on here were that the rooms were a bit small. We stayed in a standard room, and yes they are not the biggest but well designed and had plenty of room. Its location is excellent for most theatre shows and shopping or eating in Convent Garden and the underground is a five minute walk, I'd advise a taxi to get there first.	
May 5 2008 	A beautiful friendly hotel	My husband, 3 teenage daughters and I spent 8 nights at the Waldorf Hilton while visiting London this spring. We could not have been more pleased. Even though we were staying on points, the staff treated us like royalty. We were greeted warmly by everyone at the hotel, and any small issue that arose was addressed quickly and efficiently. Our rooms were beautifully appointed with a plasma TV, seating area with couch and a very large bathroom with a towel heating rack, and the ultra-comfy Hilton beds! The rooms had tea/coffee service and a large bottle of water was delivered every evening. The staff in the executive lounge was friendly and extremely helpful. The location, too, is ideal with the bus stop just outside our door and plenty of great places (Trafalgar, Covent Garden...) within walking distance. . Every day, after our touring, we stepped off the bus and felt like we were home! The night before our departure, the bellman, Radek, took it upon himself to find us the most convenient and economical mode of transport to the airport the next day. Down to an employee, everyone took great pride in their work and it showed. I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 4 2008 	Living the High Life at the Waldorf	I must say that I owe the entire Waldorf Hotel stay to my best friend Scott. If it were not for him, there is no way that I could have afforded to retreat to the lap of luxury after endless days of hoofing the streets of London to see an endless amount of historic sites!Having said that, the Waldorf Hilton is situated in the theater district on Aldwych. The hotel was built in 1908 and has a gorgeous exterior to match. However, the inside is very comtemporary and almost no stitch of the early 20th century is visible. As far as transportation goes, if you are interested in utilizing the bus system you are in luck. Many buses having stopping points either in front of the hotel or just down the street. If you would like to use the tube, it is a bit of a walk to the stations surrounding the area. If you have a heavy wallet, the staff can arrange for car service or hail you a cab. When we arrived, the doorman came out and helped us out of our taxi and took our luggage away for us. The front desk staff was very curteous as well as the executive lounge staff whom we delt with extensively. Our room was actually available earlier than we had been promised which was nice. They will hold your luggage for you if you arrive prior to check in as well. Once we reached our room, it was spacious and comfortable. Our room was kept clean by the housekeeping service and they provided some pretty nice chocolate with our turn-down service. Closets were spacious and everything we needed (an iron, hair dryer, safe, plush hangers, and an umbrella) was all provided for. We also were granted access to the executive lounge. The lounge was quite nice for a variety of reasons...the first being breakfast! Breakfast consisted of eggs, bacon, smoked salmon, white fish, sausage, fruit, cerela, croissants, bread, yogurt, etc. They also provide many different newspapers and magazines. The second reason was afternoon tea! That time was reserved for having tea or coffee, scones with clotted cream and preserves, tea sandwiches and pastries. The final reason is cocktail time. They have an open bar stocked with beer, vodka, coca-cola, water and hot appetizers are served. We cannot express how thankful we were to have access to the exectuive lounge! It saved us so much money! We did not have any issues during our stay and were quite satisfied with our experience at the Waldorf Hilton. I'd imagine if you were accustomed to this caliber of hotel, you would not find this information too exciting. But for us, it was the Hilton Honor Points rags-to-riches fantasy come true...just wish the interior of the hotel matched the exterior. *Note to reader: we did not visit the gym nor the restaurants within the hotel.	
May 1 2008 	Great location clean lovely	I just finished up my 4-night stay at the Waldorf Hilton on Aldwych. I was here on business, and while the location was not particularly great for where I was spending my workday, the location—in general—was fantastic. Very close to Covent Garden, right off The Strand, few minutes walk to Soho, in the heart of the Theatre District, and all important amenities nearby (Starbucks, ATM, grocery for cheap(er) snacks and beverages). Aside from my room not being ready upon arrival (I was 2 hours early for proper check-in, but weary from my trip) and one supremely smug Reception gentleman...everything else was lovely. The concierge folks were helpful and generous, and the accomodations were great! The room was large, bathroom was HUGE (by NYC standards) and the bed was comfortable. Slippers, robes, and large flat screen TVs. No complaints!I would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 29 2008 	Lovely Hotel great location	My husband booked this hotel as a surprise christmas and birthday present for me as it was directly beside the Aldwych Theatre where Dirty Dancing was which we also went to. As I didnt book the hotel myself, I probably wouldn't have booked it as I thought it was quite expensive.We got there by tube which was left outside the tube station and straight down the road, very handy and only about 7mins away.Check-in was a breeze, no problem, they brought our bags up to the room for us too, which we never had before and we were shown how to operate the heating system, tv etc.Our package was bed and breakfast with one evening meal which we decided to take on the first night. We had a set menu which we find is usually inferior to the a-la-carte but not here, it was a lovely meal but the room was quite cold as the air conditioning was blowing out cold air, but the room was fabulous, really nice.Our room was nice, was worried about the glass door to the bathroom that people on this website were talking about but we found it fine, you couldn't see through it or anything, the bathroom was lovely, very large for the size of the bedroom which we thought was nice, though not much storage space if you were staying for longer than a weekend. The only downside to the room was the light which was very low and my husband who is just over 6 ft kept bumping into it!!Our room was cleaned every day and everything was refreshed so no complaints there.The location was brilliant for us, in the centre of everything, covent garden is only 5 mins away, with leicester square a further 10mins walking distance. So you couldn't ask for better.We paid £149 per night for the room and though I thought it was expensive before we arrived, by the time we left we thought it was quite good value. Breakfast was buffet style and lovely also. Though I wouldn't pay £22 each if it was not included in the deal.All in all, a lovely hotel and would reccomend it to anyone.	
Apr 29 2008 	Well located hotel	Well situated hotel near the Thames, the city , the theatres and covent garden. Check in area was small (but why do you need it to be big?), upgraded to an exec room as Diamond Member. Room was large, huge bed, sitting area, bathroom and walk in wardrobe. All the usual facilities (but no DVD player and hotel charged £10 a film, a bit much). Bed was super comfy. No noise from street (but on 5th floor). Breakfast in exec lounge was fine, as was aftrenoon tea and drinks. Nice they left the bar open till the lounge closed (unlike other Hilton's who whip it away after 2 hours). Staff were all friendly and helpful - although we didn't need them much. Other than the freebies in the lounge didn't eat in the hotel, but it looked nice. Main downside was the pool. We thought it would be good to freshen up with a swim after walking around London all day. Its not in the hotel but in a fitness club in the basement - which you have access to. And it was yucky. Rude staff, grubby, shabby changing rooms and a dingy little, luke warm pool with so much chlorine in it was opaque. We didn't linger long and went up for a shower. Not strictly the hotels fault - but perhaps they shouldn't be promoting it??	
Apr 26 2008 	5 Star really?	I am a big lover of luxury hotels and while the Savoy is being refurbished on the Strand, this hotel was the closest 5 Star accomodation.I am a Hilton Honours silver card member and this sometimes gets me little things like a room upgrade etc. After a quick check-in, I entered my room and was completely shocked at how small it was. I mean, it was just tiny!The windows in both room and bathroom were frosted glass and even with the curtains wide open, there was very little natural light shining through. For the price I had paid, I immediately went back down to reception to see if anything better was on offer (I have never had to do this before). I was quickly given a bigger and better rom (double the size of the last one) and this made me think, if better rooms are available, why give out the smaller crapier ones, especially to Hhonours members?I had booked this hotel for it's location, but also, as the wheather had been predicted as snowing, I wanted a hotel with a pool which is why when I learnt that the pool would be closed all weekend, due to a technical fault, I felt a little ripped off.  All in all, the hotel was nice and clean, but did not offer any apology or alternative for lack of 5 star services. Would not return and would probably choose an alternate 5 Star accomodation next time I'm in London. Location wise though, this hotel couldn't be in a better place.	
Apr 25 2008	Waldorf was Wonderful!!!	We booked this hotel through our Hilton points, but you would never know it by the way we were treated!! The staff at the Waldorf was amazing!! So helpful, so friendly and the hotel was immaculate. Breakfast was a little pricey, but the entire experience was well worth it! The concierge, when we needed him, always guided us in the best direction for what we were seeking. And the room was pretty roomy for European standards. They even have the coolest water glasses! Word of caution: if you ask for 2 beds in a room, they will most likely give you 2 twin beds attached by a headboard. So, go ahead and ask for that King size bed!	
Apr 24 2008	Okay but would not rush back to stay here	Stayed here using my point for Hilton so wasnt paying but used 40,000 points, has a look at rates for the night I was there and it was £250.00 room only. Hotel reception area small and quite a queue to check in. Just basic service was offered by the reception team. Room was large and split into two, the bathroom doors are see through which was a little strange to say the least, twin rooms are doubles as the two beds were together which was awquard when sharing with your mother! Nightclun nearby as all I heard was thump thump blasting music from outside. Not the best hilton I have stayed in but not the worst, would not pay £250 for a room as its not worth that. Got a small choolate for being a hhonors gold member (well better than nothing). Did not eat at hotel so no comment on the food. Great location for central london and the theatre that DD is playing at in next door.	
Apr 15 2008 	Right in the center of it all!	Very nice, clean and good service. Yes expensive but right next to all the big theatres, 1 minute from the lion king which was brilliant! Worth every penny.	
Apr 15 2008 	Loved it!!!	Me and my husband spent two great nights here, the staff were helpful and friendly. the room was superb, very clean and plenty of space and yes the bathroom doors are glass but frosted so you cannot see anything. We ate in the hotel on the Friday and the meal was very nice and breakfast was superb lots of choice to suit everyones needs. The location is great for main attractions and the westend shows (I would recommend the Lion King FANTASTIC). We will certainly stay here again and I would definately recommend the Waldorf Hilton.	
Apr 14 2008 	Night at the Waldorf	My husband and I have just spent the weekend in London and stayed at The Waldorf Hilton.On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by one of the doormen who were all very pleasant.Unfortunately our standard room was not ready so we were asked if we would like to sit in the bar or go out and about we decided to go to Covent Garden.We returned to the Waldorf at around 3pm and were given our room key. We were on the 5th floor and had an inside room so no view from the window it was just frosted over but the room itself was lovely not huge but perfect for the two of us and the bathroom was nice.The Waldorf is built in a square so there is a courtyard so to speak in the middle but this has the dinning room so the inside rooms all overlook the conservatory style roof. Although we did not mind the fact we could not see out of our window I don't see why the hotel cannot put normal glass in these rooms and maybe add some window boxes etc. to give guests a nice view. There are roller blinds and curtains so it anyone need privacy they can still have it.The bed was very comfortable and so were the pillows. There were dressingowns and slippers for both of us on the bed.The hanging cupboard was where the mini bar was and the safe there was also tea and coffee making facilities an iron and an ironing board.I felt that some little bottles of water would have been nice to have in the room as I don't drink tea or coffee.As the trip was booked for my birthday present my husband had emailed the hotel in advance of our arrival to ask if we could get a free upgrade we were told that they do not do upgrades at the Waldorf but we were surprised when we went into our room and found a beautiful raspberry chocolate cake with Happy Birthday written in chocolate on the plate around it. We found that a really nice touch.We did not have our evening meal in the hotel but we did have breakfast. I had continental and my husband had Full English.The buffet style continental breakfast had a good selection of food. cereals, juices, cheese, cold meats, pastries, breads and fruits.I must add the staff service in the hotel is excellent everyone stops to greet you and wish you a good day even in the corridor and they are very attentive.After breakfast we went down to the business Suite so that we could go on the internet and check in for our flight in the afternoon. You could buy a card with an internet passcode from reception it cost £3 for 15 minutes which was perfect for us.we did encounter a problem with the printer down there which had run out of ink but after phoning reception a member of staff came in and said that we could get access to a computer and printer in the hotel office to print our boarding cards. Apparently they had ordered new ink but had been waiting for 3 days for it.After this I decided to go for a swim and my husband was just going to relax by the side of the pool. This was the only thing in the hotel which we were dissappointed with. The gym in the leisure centre looked really nice and seemed to have lots of equipment but once you went through to the pool area it was very shabby and was in need of a lot of maintenance. Even one of the filter covers in the pool was broken off and floating on the surface of the water.Due to the conditions I did not swim long just a few laps which are very small and you have to swim anticlockwise around the small pool.After packing up our room we checked out but were able to leave our luggage with the conceirge until we were ready to go and catch our flight.All in all we had a lovely time at the waldorf and I would definately stay there again but not bother taking my swim gear unless the pool area has had a face lift!	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Hotel and superb location....	I took my boyfriend to stay at thsi hotel for 1 night (on 12th April) for a treat. It was in a great location, in the middle of theatre land right next door to the Novello Theatre and close to Covent Garen, Leicester Sq, and Piccadilly.Whilst at the hotel my boyfriend used to Gym which he said was brilliant with up to date machines and we both had a spa treatment with one of the therapists based at the hotel. We had Lucy do our teatments (I had a facial and my boyf had a hot stone massage) and I can not reccomend the treatments and Lucy's service highly enough. She was brilliant.Whist on this visit we also saw a show called In to the Hoods which was wicked. Never have I seen a show like it before. (I will do a seperate report on that in the London Forum)The staff at the hotel are very friendly, professional and helpfull. We were able to check in early as our room was ready and on the day we check out we left our luggage with concierge at no fee.Our room was very claen and modern. The air con didn't work when we first got to our room so we called reception and they sent someone within 5 minutes to fix it (which he did).I would highly reccomend thsi hotel. Hope this helps anyone looking to book it. If you have any further question's don't hesitate to mail me.Thanks Gem.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great position and great staff	This is my second visit to the waldorf and it didn't dissapoint. I took my sister, her friend and my neice for a girls weekend. The rooms were good, clean with good facilities and nice bathrooms, and having a pool in the middle of central london is a definate plus.The hotels position is great, being 5 mins from covent garden and walking distance to leicester square.The thing I love most is the service, it's fabulous from the doormen, the concierge and the restaurant staff. They manage to make you very special which is what a weekend away should feel like.	
Mar 28 2008 	Would definitely go back	Let me start off by saying it snowed and hailed while I was in London. It was the end of March! If I wanted that weather, I could have stayed home in Chicago! But seriously, I did not go to London for the stellar March weather but rather to visit some friends for a long Easter weekend. My stay at the Waldorf was brief (one night) but nice. My friend staying with me for the night was just happy to escape her three lovely, but energetic children for twenty four hours. I had orders from her husband to get her drunk and I can confidently say I accomplished my task.Back to the hotel...Check in was efficient and pleasant. I did not get an executive room as wished for since there were none to be had on a Friday night but my deluxe room was fine and spacious for one night. I did get free breakfast though. Bed was super comfy and bathroom was very nice. I'm a sucker for the robe and slippers too. My room was very clean--no complaints there.Location is excellent. As others have noted, right near Covent Garden and the river. Eye is walkable, as is Trafalgar, Leicester, Chinatown and the financial district.We went to Vinopolis after a ride on the Eye. It is located near Shakespeare's Globe. Very entertaining afternoon. Easy to get a mother of three drunk, especially when you get the super-deluxe tasting package which includes bubbly, reserve wines and a Bombay Sapphire specialty drink (in addition to the regular wines). Not a typical &quot;London&quot; thing, but was a lot of fun and I learned a lot about the wines of Georgia (the country, not the southern US state). This Yankee and wine lover did not know nearly enough about the wine tradition in that former SSR.Was recommended the pub Marquess of Anglesey by the Waldorf which was around the corner and up a block. Great food. Packed with Londoners. Didn't seem too touristy. More drinks.Ended the night back at the hotel in the Champagne bar. Very nice ambience. More drinks. Good service and tasty snacks.Had breakfast in the dining room the following morning. Hot entrees would have been extra so we stayed with the cold stuff. Standard British breakfast fare. Probably the weakest aspect of the stay.Overall, room great, staff great, drinks great, breakfast OK. Would definitely go back!	
Mar 25 2008 	Loved our stay at the Waldorf Hilton	Myself and boyfriend stayed at the Waldorf and loved it. I originally booked The Royal Horseguards but was informed they had overbooked 2 days b4 travel so they paid for our stay at the Waldorf instead. The hotel is ideal for the theatres especially the Lyceum around the corner. Its within 5 minutes walk to Convent Garden and about 10 minutes to Leicester square. We had a deluxe double bedroom which was very clean. It had a kingsize bed which was really comfortable, a large plasma tv, tea and coffee making facilities, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, safe, desk with internet access and a mini bar ( but we didn't use it as its very expensive). You do have access to various new blockbuster films but they charge £10 a go so we didnt bother.All the staff we spoke to were very helpful and polite especially the concierge staff who helped us to get to our river rapid transfer to the O2, as the reason for our trip was to see the Tutankhamun exhibition. We weren't that overally impressed with the exhibition especially as you have to work your way through darkened rooms and each exhibit had dozens of people swarmed around them. The river transfer takes about 40 mins from the Embankment pier so make sure you leave 1 hour before your time slot if you are visiting the exhibition as our admission ticket was only valid between 11.30am &amp; 12 noon. But as it's a once in a lifetime opportunity we're glad we went. We would stay at the Waldorf again and hope you have the same enjoyable experience as us.	
Mar 24 2008 	Fabulous location great hotel!	This hotel could not be more conveniently located. Within walking distance of most theatres and two tube stops. Several city buses stop virtually in front of the hotel as well. I was upgraded to an executive room because I have Hilton HHonors points, and I loved it. Very modern everything. Excellent mattress and linens. My only complaint was noise from the street, which can't be avoided ... I brought earplugs and would advise anyone else to do the same. Staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, and food in the executive lounge was plentiful and good. I don't think I'll stay anyplace else on future trips to London, and this was my 6th.	
Feb 27 2008 	Full Marks Hilton	My friend and I enjoyed a lovely weekend at the Waldorfas a birthday treat for her. Having read previous reviews I was rather anxious about the stay. My worries were completely unfounded, our room was excellent, (ignore any comments about see-through bathroom doors), the beds were the comfiest I have ever slept in.The service was efficient and courteous, a lovely touch was a freshly made birthday cake delivered to our room. The Hotel is in a fantastic location for theaters, Covent Garden and the London Eye.I will certainly be coming back.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great Location	My Husband and I have just stayed at the Waldorf Hilton, Fantastic location, Rooms had everything you need but could have been alot cleaner! Staff very helpful and friendly. We really enjoyed our stay x	
Feb 25 2008 	nice but not great	We stayed here as a family of 5, in adjoining rooms. The rooms were quite small, but nicely furnished, though the floors were tiled, so pretty cold underfoot! The biggest problem I had was that there was no door between the ensuite and the bedroom - not nice for toilet use! It was taking minimalist/contemporary a bit far. The maids knocked on the door horridly early in the morning, both days to see if they could clean the rooms - ALWAYS make sure you put your do not disturb sign out!!!! The breakfast was nice, nice setting, expensive for the kids though as they didn't eat much but, got charged full price! NOt sure that we'd stay there again.	
Feb 21 2008 	Some good some bad!	I have mixed opinions about the Waldorf. The location is wonderful and allows you the opportunity to walk to Covent Garden, the river where you can take a lovely cruise and many shops and theaters. We were in town for 2 nights and the concierge was a great help in securing tickets to Wicked at the Apollo. We are Diamond members of the Hilton and stayed on the Executive floor where we enjoyed the lounge with free drinks, a decent continental breakfast and snacks throughout the day. This helps save a few dollars especially considering the exchange rate.Unfortunately, all was not perfect! When you walked in the room you immediately walked into the bathroom area where the tub and sink were not closed off from the bedroom which didn't allow for much privacy. They were having water problems during our stay and actually shut the water off for 6 hours during the night. They left us a note in the room saying they left us extra bottles of water to make up for the inconvenience but if they actually left the water, we couldn't find it! Also, there was hardly any warm water at all and the second morning I basically took a very very cold shower. Not pleasant for a hotel that is suppose to be of a certain caliber. The room had a nice flat screen TV but seemed rather dark.Overall I would say that if I actually paid for this room (we used our Hilton Honors points and got the room for free) then I would have been more disappointed and would have preferred to stay somewhere else but hey a free nights stay at the Waldorf in London with the executive lounge available isn't a bad way to go.	
Feb 16 2008	Needs some work in key areas...	Okay, I've stayed here a few times since Jan 2008, most recently the 15th of February. For that Friday night, I paid 169 + VAT, which basically means 200 GBP for one night. That's not a great price for a Friday night, when the hotels otherwise mark down their rates to attract weekend travellers. At that price -- on a weekend -- you should be able to shop around. I should have...Some of the reviews posted here are a bit unfair -- the hotel location is excellent for certain parts of town, namely the Royal Opera House and Covent Garden. Second, the hotel's public rooms and bar, etc., are charming and the service is good. However, if you are looking for a better-than-average hotel experience, you may want to consider another property.The in-room breakfast was quite poor, even by mediocre London hotel standards. The coffee was lukewarm and tasted old. The poached eggs were just not fresh and were over-cooked. Really, unless it is raining buckets, you are much better served by getting breakfast somewhere on the street.I stayed in Room 635 most recently. The room was modernised somewhat -- but it still felt old, particularly in the bathroom, which had a hospital ward feel about it. The shower got warm, but never warm enough. I've stayed in two other rooms there (both on the 4th floor), which both had better bathrooms, so maybe it's just bad luck this time. So, maybe you should ask for the 4th floor.These rooms have a needlessly funky decor, with funky light fixtures, etc. That being said, my twin beds in Room 635 were not that comfortable. Again, the 4th floor rooms were a bit better.Otherwise, the rooms are actually pretty nice -- they are stuffed with things like robes, and tea service, and stationary, and a good mini bar.The flat screen TVs in the hotel and in-room movie selection is about half-way there. It sure beats most hotels, but it could be much better. So, overall, I would probably stay here again, but I would watch the room rate quite closely, and probably insist the room is one of the newer rooms. If you need to stay near Cov Garden or the LSE, or that area of town, it's one of the better hotels... just don't expect 5-star quality.	
Feb 6 2008 	Poor value and service - even for London	I booked this hotel on a 2 night package incuding breakfast, and dinner on the first night. The hotel happily agreed to change dinner to the following evening as I was going out to a show. However that and the outstanding quality and service at breakfast are about the only positives I have to say about it.The queen room was small and claustrophobic, with very limited natural light through frosted windows. Big screen TV with very limited choice of channels. The bed sagged and was uncomfortable. Bathroom was shower only, even at £ 150 a night and the mediocre selection of toiletries was not refreshed - so I even ended up buying a bar of soap. Storage space was inadequate even for a 2 night stay.Bizarrely, the bathroom was separated from the bedroom by a green glass door, and the bathroom had a green glass window with no blinds or curtains. So if you like a dark room to sleep in at night, forget it. Too little light by day, and too much by night - that's a real design spectacular.Finally to dinner. I can honestly say this restaurant is bipolar, spectacular at breakfast, Fawlty Towers at dinner. Service was curt to the point of rudeness, the delays unacceptable, drinks orders simply ignored, and the food unexciting. OK, so they wrote off the drinks bill when I complained, but I'd rather not be put in that position in the first place.Conclusion, go somewhere else. Even in London you can get decent food and service for much less.	
Jan 31 2008 	London Waldorf Hilton - For a Special Occasion	We stayed at the London Waldorf Hilton in November 2007 and enjoyed our stay. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a Executive Suite and we had use of the Executive Lounge. We booked a show as we were right in the heart of London's Theatre land. We had a great room and a view over the front of the hotel. It was an open plan room with the room opening into the bathroom. The shower was fantastic, it was huge with many shower heads. We did not use the bars or restuarants in the hotel as you have so much choice due to the central London location. We used the Executive Lounge for breakfast, which was excellent and and to relax after returning to the hotel. The Executive Lounge had drinks all day long and snack food at certain times of the day.We really stayed at the London Waldorf as it was my wife's birthday and fancied staying at a Waldorf hotel. We did enjoy ourselves and the hotel was an excellent choice for a special occasion.	
Jan 28 2008 	Lovely food/ but dont go if you want to swim.	Have just spent the weekend at the Waldorf as a special 50th Birthday celebration treat. These are my views. The room was clean comfortable and I enjoyed it, The bathroom was very large but lacked in any sort of luxurious feel. Nice crabtree and Evelyn mini products to use . The included dinner was absolutely lovely. The breakfast was also very nice with wide selection of fruit , cheese, smoked salmon, pastries. When we asked if we were entitled to cooked breakfast, the waitress said No , we later found out that we were. There seems to be confusion over who is entitled to what, so its best to sort that out in advance. On the second morning we arrived for breakfast at 10 minutes to 11, and were told by a very unfriendly female at the entrance to the dining room that she was unsure if she would let us in, immediatly another gentleman took us through, and as breakfast is untill 11 we were within the times. She had obviously been hopeing to get off early, her manner was very rude and abrupt, and she basically spoke to us like we were dirt. All other staff were on the other hand friendly and helpfull. But it only takes one anti social person in a place like this to give a very bad impression. We were after all paying quite a bit, for just two days in our lives, to be treated well. The Hotel is great for any one going to theatre with Lion King, Dirty Dancing, and many more just minutes away. One BIG WARNING, we chose this hotel mainly so that we could swim in a pool. I went down for a swim and found that pool area to be very uninviting, and as I got into the water I literally got straight out as the water was cloudy and full of bits. (not quite sure what the bits were, but it just did not seem at all clean). I went straight back to the room and showered as It made me feel quite dirty.Also paint was peeling off the walls down there. It has the potential to be beuatiful but needs serious attention if it is to attract anyone. The gym seems far better though with good equipment and staff.So all in all we had a good time , its great location, mostly very nice staff, lovely food, nice room, but dont go if you want to swim, you could be disapointed.	
Jan 25 2008 	Nice hotel did not like the location so much	We had a great room also perhaps because of the upgrade we got because of my Hilton Gold card. Decoration of the suite was really nice with a lovely mohair throw on the bed..plasma tv, nice seating area..shower with jets etc. We enjoyed the breakfast in Homage Grand salon which was excellent..	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Service but bedrooms have no wow factor to match	I've recently stayed here a couple of times. On both occasions customer service has been great, from the doorman, through front desk to the Homage Grand Salon at breakfast.However the design of the bedrooms left me confused. I stayed in an executive room on both occasions. The rooms were a confused mixture of new features, such as the modern headboard with London scene and old such as inlaid antique desk. On my second visit the room vestibule wall was bright orange! However the rooms were large and the bed comfortable. Yet with the confused styling the wow factor to go with the service is missing which overall lets the hotel down.Location is excellent being close by Covent Garden and a number of theatres. Access to the financial district is straightforward and can be accomplished after a short walk and trip on the underground train. The hotel is on a busy main road and you could find that you're affected by noise from the traffic. I had an internal facing room on my first visit and one overlooking a quieter road at the back of the hotel on the second. The latter was affected by traffic noise so if you want a lie in take care where your room is located.Overall the hotel wouldn't be my first choice out of the other Hilton properties in London but is fine if you just need somewhere comfortable for a few nights and aren't expecting an &quot;experience&quot;.	
Jan 22 2008 	Excellent service but hotel has a lot of problems	We have just stayed at the Waldorf for my boyfriend's brithday last Friday.Before the stay, I had pre-booked a deluxe room and arranged to have a bottle of Veuve in the room on arrival for my boyfriend.Not only did the hotel make him a beautiful cake, but they also outsource the champagne as it was not one they normally stocked - a very impressive start before we'd even got there!On Friday, we checked in and went to our room. As we were heading out for an early dinner before a show, we decided we'd just get something light from room service, which is when things started to go wrong.The telephone had such a bad distortion on the line, that the girl had to come to our room to take our order. At the same time we had to get an engineer up as our television wasn't working.Just as I had got out of the shower and our food had arrived, the engineer called up to say that he might have to move us out as they would have to come in and work on the room - not what you want when you are trying to relax and get get ready to go out for the evening.Nonetheless, these problems were fixed without us having to move and we spent the last hour in peace before we went out.We got back to the room about 11:30pm to find a note under the door asking me to contact reception as soon as possible. When I called down they told me my card had been declined but not to worry about it til the morning.Now who would leave something like that? I naturally wanted to know what had gone on so I called my credit card company.They advised that in less than a one hour time slot, the hotel had tried to charge £45, £71.50, £370, £390 and £590!! 5 transactions and no explination as to where the hell these figures had come from!Steaming mad but obviously wanting to keep calm, I got dressed and went down to reception to get the manager.I explained the entire situation including the problems we had experienced on arrival, asking what was going on and where had they possibly got all these figures from!The manager was fantastic, he suggested me going back to the room and would come up to see me once he's checked through their payment system (obviously he couldn't call the room as our phones were broken).To cut a long story short, he apologised profusely and discounted the champagne off our bill explaining it had been an admin error. While I didn't really deem this a fair trade for everything we had been through (considering it was now midnight!) I accepted it.No sooner had I closed the door, our television broke again and the tap in the bathroom started to drip constantly.I called down again to which (at 12:15) the engineer was in our room trying to fix it, wthout success.Realising this was going from bad to worse, the manager very generously moved us in to a beautiful suite down the corridor and had some drinks sent up to the room - not bad you would think, except we soon discovered 2 pairs of curtains were broken and hanging down and there was no hot water!After very little sleep we went down to breakfast the next morning and had a delicious meal. I am vegetarian and they cooked me the most incredible breakfast which wasn't on the menu. However, again this was not without a hiccup. We already had paid for breakfast when we booked the room, but found ourselves with a bill put in front of us for £44. After having to get them to call reception to clarify our booking they apologised and wiped it out.Returning to our room in the hope for a couple of hours sleep (due to being kept up all night) before checkout, we were then harrassed by our door going 5 times over 2 hours! Every time, I repeated to them that we would not be out of the room til midday and that we were trying to sleep (as there are no 'do not disturb' signs in the room). Sure enough, despite this, the same maid kept coming back constantly wondering &quot;if we might be out earlier&quot;!All in all, the hotel and service is excellent, but for the short time we stayed there we could not have been more harrassed and unrested!While I would not recommend you steer clear of the Waldorf, as it does have some beautiful plus points, I would advise you prepare yourself for a hotel with very obvious problems with their rooms/upkeep.Unfortunately I have to admit I am not sure I would stay there again after our experience. We have now yet to find a hotel that beats the Mandeville just off St Christopher's Place in the west end. The rooms, decor, service and luxurious feel are, in my eyes, incomparible to anywhere in London.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Location	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Waldorf. This hotel has apparently had a huge makover. I found our bedroom to be quite bizarre - it was a standard room with queen bed - the room had been modernised i.e. green glass everywhere in the bathroom, modern bedroom furniture, apart from the wardrobe which was still the old fashioned built in one! Somehow it all didn't quite fit together but the room was spacious and clean. The staff are excellent, very polite. We had dinner in the hotel on our 1st night and it was extremely expensive, even for London standards, and the food was only mediocre. The hotel has 2 bars, one a champagne bar (which during the day is also the patisserie) and the other a cocktail bar. The champagne bar closes at 11.00pm, so unfortunately when we returned from the theatre on Saturday night, it was standing room only in the cocktail bar - it is quite small and also used by people from outside the hotel. We saw many people walk into the bar and straight back out again because even the standing room was full! The location of this hotel is excellent, right in the middle of theatreland and within a short walking distance to Covent Garden. I would return to this hotel again but wouldn't bother eating there, apart from breakfast which was superb. But they really should do something about the bar area.	
Jan 19 2008 	Not such a good stay at the so called 5 star Waldorf HIlton	We booked a one night stay through LondonTown who I believe pass the booking straight through to the Hilton. We booked a Deluxe Queen room inclusive of full breakfast. which is an upgrade from the standard guest room. It should be said that at £259 per night the hotel is not cheap and we have stayed in some really lovely hotels in London for much less with many fewer problems.The first problem was when the room they gave us was not the upgraded room we had booked and the bags had not been delivered to the room as they said they would do. There was hardly room to move around the bed and the bathroom was 'tired' and that's being generous. Grotty tiles and bath - not the sort of bathroom you would want to spend time taking a leisurely bath. I've seen 2 and 3 star hotels with nicer bathrooms. My husband went to try and resolve the problem and the reception staff did change our room although no acknoweldgement was made that there had been any error on their part and we felt like they were only changing our room because we didnt like the first room allocated and not because we had been given a standard guest room and not the Deluxe we had paid for.The hotel staff couldnt find our luggage and we had to go into the luggage store room and identify our bags. They were however brought straight up to the reallocated room immediately.The new room was ok - no big deal and certainly not up to the standard of many other hotels in London we have stayed in. Storage space is very poor, but not an issue for us as we were staying only the one night. I certainly wouldnt have wanted to stay in such a small room without any space for hanging my clothes for any longer though.The biggest problem arose the next morning when we went down for breakfast. There is a cold buffet area with a 'help yourself' system and hot food is brought out directly from the kitchen. When we looked at the hot menu my husband noticed there was a £22 per head price on the menu so when the waitress came to see if we wanted any hot food ordering I checked to see that all breakfast food was included in the room rate. We were told 'no' and I asked that she check. she came back with the restraurant manager who very condescendingly told us that we could ony have the continental breakfast for the rate paid. I knew this was incorrect and had the booking documentation in the room. We were told that as a gesture of goodwill we could order one item from the hot menu. I was livid and went to my room for the booking information. My husband was annoyed with the manager's attitude and didn't want me to raise the issue again with him so I left it alone. However, they asked us to sign to say that we would pay for a hot breakfast £22, when I had only been able to order scrambled eggs. We refused.We brought up the embarassing 'very public' conversation with the restaurant manager when we checked out and when the check out staff checked for us, we were correct in our belief that we had paid for full breakfast. The check out staff did refund us the difference between the continental and full breakfast. I see other guests have stated this was a problem for their stay so beware the cost of breakfast at this very ordinary hotel.I would not stay at this hotel again unless there was a huge discount/promotional rate offered. It certainly does not deserve 5 star status.	
Jan 18 2008 	"WOW"	Booked a suite using our Tesco Clubcards. Wow - was it worth it.It was amazing. The decor was fantastic,as were the Molton Brown products. My husband and I thought we were in seventh heaven.The deal also included entry into the Executive room where we sat for a couple of hours drinking &quot;Bloody Marys&quot;, wine and eating a gorgeous array of freshly prepared sandwiches.We ventured out about 10.00pm and found a great Indian just around the corner after a pleasant walk in Covent Garden.The breakfast was also included (although I didn't think it was worth £22) The grand room we ate in certainly was.I will definitely return again but would only want the suite or maybe an executive room after looking at the other reports.It was a great start to Xmas staying on the 21st December having just met my husband after not seeing him for 4 weeks.	
Jan 13 2008 	Look elsewhere	Booked through Londontown.com for location to Theatre land as wanted to treat our daughter to a boxing day surprise of Theatre tickets and lovely hotel with a pool and spa. Arrived- 3pm as stated we could check in from, and it took ages!. We had requested an extra bed on our booking to London Town, this was not on our reservation, when the porter came with the bed it was a tight fit despite booking a deluxe room to accommodate the bed, and the bedding that was supplied was disgusting The mattress cover was a disgrace and we sent it back, fair enough it was replaced by a brand new mattress cover but had we not seen the state of it our daughter would have slept on this and it was truly horrible!View from the room was of air con units, no 3rd person toiletries were supplied.The pool and spa were closed, and whilst I appreciate everyone needs a break at Christmas this should have been advised to us prior to arrival as it was an important detail to us, and the restaurant closed early so we were unable to have dinner in the hotel after the theatre despite having booked a late table.We were charged for items not used from the mini bar, overall we were really disappointed and will not be going back, not even at the London town discounted rates. Just glad we didn’t pay the full price.	
Jan 8 2008	Charged Double the Reservation Rate	I booked a hotel room through the Hilton Reservations line at a negotiated rate of $417.06 but to my suprise when I got my Master Card I was charged for $813.15. The hotel refuses to answer my question of why they are not honoring the reservation price and number I had. BUYER BEWARE; YOU WILL HAVE LITTLE RECOURSE OVERSEAS. The Hilton Diamond support line tells me to dispute it with my Master Card and accepts no responsibility even though I made the reservation with them.John	
Jan 6 2008 	Great but wouldn't pay the full price for the room	My husband and I spent one night at the Waldorf after managing to book a room through LastMinute.com for only £94 on a room only basis - bargin we thought!We arrived over 4 hours before the stated check in time hoping to just drop our luggage with the concierge and explore London. however the reception staff were extremely friendly and helpful and allowed us to access our room straight away.We had a standard double room and as other reviews have noted these rooms are quite small but do have all the added luxuries you would expect with a five star hotel. The pillows and quilt were fabulous - so soft and luxurious. We were a little amused with the bathroom set up as it is screened from the bedroom by a glass wall which is frosted - doesn't hide too much though so you need to be closely aquainted with however you share with!We went down into the champagne bar for drinks before going to the theatre and found the atmosphere wonderful with live music from a pianist.The location of the Waldorf is it's main attraction - only five minutes walk from Covent Gardens and close to many theatres we only used the tube to get in &amp; out of London and walked everywhere else.We didn't eat at the Waldorf as breakfast wasn't included in the price but would highly recommed Christopher's Diner which is just round the corner - they do an amazing brunch menu over the weekend and at £16.95 for two course they are cheaper than the Waldorf's breakfast. You would have to book though as it's very popular.All in all we would recommend the Waldorf but would be reluctant to pay the full price for the room we had as space and the bathroom set up let the quality of the room down somewhat.	
Jan 2 2008	Not wy favorate hotel but the breakfast hall is a clasic!	We arrived at the The Waldorf Hilton London on a winter weekend break (Dec 2007). My wife and I had booked an Executive non-smoking room via American Express Travel. On arrival we were advised by the hotel reception our room was not available and an alternative non-smoking smaller Queen Room was available at a slight discount. On inspection the Queen room was located at the rear of the building with a window overlooking the utility shaft and the hum of aircon units outside the window. The room was clean and well fitted but the discount offered did not justify the inconvenience so we asked for an alternative.Another Executive room was offered but this was a smoking room and evidently had been occupied by a heavy smoker recently as the smell was noticeable. We reluctantly accepted the Executive room and were offered a discount on the room rate because of the inconvenience.The hotel does not have much to offer in the way of entertainment, although being in the London Theatre Land, it's all on the door-step.Although the hotel is a few hundred years old, the bathrooms and hallways felt very dated - not it a classical way.The staff were all very helpful and on checkout the hotel manager met us personally to offer the hotel's apologies for the booking mix up.The Breakfast Hall is perhaps the most impresive feature of the hotel as the marble sweeping staircases, high ceilings and 1930's dance hall feel was spectacular. With breakfast at £22 / person it's expensive but you'll remember it for the rest of your life.	
Dec 31 2007 	Great Experiene - Nice Room Nicer Staff	We stayed at this establishment for our daughter's graduation from the LSE. It was perfectly located for this (the graduation venue was less than a block away), as well as being in an overall good location for theater and museums. Transportation was no problem as the Holborn underground station is just around the corner and the walk to Covent Garden and Trafalgar Square was about five minutes. We arrived early AM from a US flight and had to wait for our room, but were told to go ahead and have breakfast, even though the room included breakfast meal did not actually start until the next morning. (The best I have gotten at other London hotels when arriving early from the US was to have had my luggage checked and been told to return at 3:00 PM for check-in.) The breakfast was delicious and fabulously served in a beautiful dining room, as it was each morning. Additionally, because of a very small glitch with our original room, we were upgraded to a deluxe room, which was quite nice. The room was impressive, with a very large bed, not king sized, but it seemed larger than a queen - very, very comfortable with lots of pillows and a fluffy comforter and plenty of blankets. The closet space was plentiful. We had a tub and a separate glass-doored shower, which, again, was very nice. The room decor was modern in style, which was interesting for such a traditional hotel. I overheard another guest checking in and they were asked if they prefered a traditional or modern room, so the hotel must have both styles of rooms. Our room was very stylish and I liked it fine. Of course, it was immaculate, with all of the conveniences one would expect (toiletires, mini bar, coffee maker, complimentary bottled water, nightly turn-down and very discreet and accommodating maid service.) Our daughter checked in on the day of graduation and the staff saw to it that she was located close to our room on the same floor. We required some help with ground transportation while we were there and this was expertly handled by the staff. As we were coming and going, we were always remembered and greeted by the staff. I must say that the staff was the best I have experienced in a London hotel - they were all very polished and professional without being intrusive or overly agressive. Very much a low key kind of relaxed elegance, the kind of situation where you had absolute confidence that whatever you needed would be taken care of without a lot of angst and fanfare from the staff. This is one of the best staffed hotels I have ever visited, both in numbers of people to handle their customers and quality of service. My husband's shirts had some how gotten wet during the trip - we think the luggage may have leaked on a rainy runway while waiting to be loaded onto the plane. The valet dried and beautifully pressed his six dress shirts at no charge to us. Almost unbelievable. We are just ordinary folks, staying for a week in a regular room. I was impressed that they would do this for us at all - and then at no charge! The only criticism I would have (and I really hate to mention it, but for Trip Advisor, I feel obligated to do so) is that the lobby area, although nice and convenient, is poorly located for comfort in the winter months. It covers the front of the building on the ground level. The hotel's main entrance doorway opens from the lobby directly onto the sidewalk and the wind literally blows through the lobby. As you might imagine, this is cold! There really was not an area for comfortably chatting, relaxing or waiting unless you actually wanted to go into the bar or resturant, which may be the idea. Otherwise, everything was great and I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 18 2007	Thanks to everyone at Waldorf Hilton	After spending long weekend in this property, I must say that building itself may show some signs of ageing which is to be expected since the hotel is getting ready for it´s 100th Anniversary. In my opinion this is also a relevant part of it´s charm and style. Although our room seemed to be renovated, kept very clean and decorated nicely.What makes this hotel so pleasent and welcoming place to stay is the hotel staff which seems to be above average, so thank You everyone at Waldorf Hilton and especially Sadiq for taking such a good care of us.I will not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Dec 13 2007 	Wonderful Stay	This was a 10th anniversary trip for my wife and I in which we used Hilton points. I had read varying reviews so I was a bit apprehensive about staying here versus the Park Lane property. We arrived just before lunch and our room was not ready. The front desk clerk Sadiq was very accommodating by getting our room ready ASAP. He said it would be ready by 1:00pm and we headed over to nearby Covent Gardens for lunch. The room was ready when he said and when we finally got there it was very well appointed. I am a Diamond member so the breakfasts were complimentary but seemd pricey is we would have had to pay. We did get access to the executive lounge for drinks and snacks throughout the day. The property was very nice and the staff was exceptionally helpful. They even had an issue one night with the hot water but they handled it in a professional manner. Guests had the option of moving to another property but they offered us 40k Hilton points for the inconvenience. The gesture was greatly appreciated. I stay in all the high end chain properties throughout the States and the Waldorf rivaled them all. Nice rooms, great location and a superb staff made for a memorable five days in London.	
Dec 9 2007 	Great Hotel -Great Location	I booked this through Hilton using my points. This hotel is in a great location - between 2 different Tube lines. We also walked to the river cruise. The hotel staff was great. We were upgraded to the Executive Floor - which included free drinks and internet usage. The room was a good size and the bed was comfortable -which was great! The hotel staff was very helpful. I would highly reccomend this hotel!	
Nov 29 2007 	Great Location 	As noted in other reviews, the Waldorf is in a great location, right on the Strand and a hop, skip and jump from Covent Garden. The staff there is polite and helpful.However, the rooms leave something to be desired. The size of a standard room is extremely small (upgrade if you can afford it) and the bathrooms are quite simply a joke. There is no bathroom door seperating it from the rest of the hotel room, so be prepared to get VERY familar with your room guest! The shower doors also do not completely shut (they stay open about a half inch), so be prepared to take a quick shower, because water will start leaking into the rest of the bathroom. Quick showers shouldn't be a problem, however, since the best you're getting here is lukewarm water!Assuming you're just using your hotel room to sleep and little else, you can get by with a Waldorf stay. But if you want comfort, I suggestlooking elsewhere in London.	
Nov 27 2007 	Value for money	Great place to stay, especially for West End shows, Covent Garden, China Town,Soho, London eye..... pretty much everything on doorstep.Just a short walk over Waterloo Bridge from the Station and you are there.This is our 3rd stay in this hotel. If they an available room you get an automatic upgrade. Staff are very helpfull. Only a small bar which can be very full.Rooms comfortable but due to the age of the hotel some can be VERY small. If so insist on a larger room . They usual find something bigger or better.Look for offers on website LONDONTOWN.COM. Great bargins to be found at certain times of the year for this hotel. The offer we found included breakfast every morning and an evening meal was included. (chocolate and prune dessert was to die for !)We have found the best way to get around London is to buy a zone 6 underground ticket. You can go anywhere with it as many times as you like for about £6 each for the day.Great place for Italian is Saleri's opposite the Savoy.(3 mins walk from Waldorf). Lorenzo the waiter is great ,( so is his waistcoat)	
Nov 21 2007 	Helpful Staff at The Waldorf	Stayed at the Waldorf with my partner as we were going to a show in London. Check in was quick and efficient. Our room was nice and clean,although no view. This didn't really bother us as we were only needing a place to sleep and not really spending any time there.In the evening, there was a private event being held in the Adelphi Suite (main conference area) which had a dj pounding out the tunes until midnight... I called the front desk and they offered to move us straight away. They sent a porter (whithin 15 minutes) to bring us the new key and help us with our things.Overall, the staff were very helpful and if there was not this loud private event going on, our stay would have had no problems at all. Once the problem was raised, the hotel did their very best to quickly rectify the issue - good enough for me!	
Nov 19 2007 	5 Star???	Having stayed at this hotel a few years ago we wereloking forward to see the new improved Waldorf but were sad to say this visit was not like the last.We booked 2 twin deluxe room No2 was a treat for my mother and sister.When we checked in we told reception that no bill was to go to their room we also found that the 2 rooms were being charged different rates than I had booked online and as I hadnt brought so the rates could not be changed.The room I had booked for my family was not ready until 4 o clock but the room was so much bigger than our twin deluxe how does that happen.Rooms were very clean but not to my taste I like to wake up ina room that has the style and feel of the country I'm in but this is your standard American style room yuk....Dinner was in with the price ...save your money it was rubbish there are so many great places to try in London go out and have an adventure.I think by now you will be getting the feeling I was not happy with much ,I will say breakfast was very good dont have the kedgery to much curry and too many currents and no smoked haddock but they did change for fantastic scrambled eggs very quickly.On the day of departure the bill for my mothers was posted under the door and when I complained about this I didnt even get an aplogy.So after all that it back to Horseguards for us.	
Oct 22 2007 	Disappointing	We stayed at this hotel for one night for my birthday. We were disappointed with our stay here and expected far more from this hotel. The rooms are very small for the price you pay and we were given a smoking room after requesting non smoking. There is no vegetarian option for a cooked breakfast - we asked for vegetarian and were presented with a plate with the sausage, bacon and black pudding taken off, which left us with egg, half a tomato and a couple of mushrooms each - they didn't even bother to try and fill the plate up a bit with the non meat stuff, it was a bit insulting really, fortunately the breakfast was in the room rate otherwise we would have been very angry at paying £44 between us for what we received.I am aware of course that this is central London, but we have stayed in much nicer hotels for a lot less money.	
Oct 20 2007 	Wow- Amazing	I booked this room on a site where they don't tell you what hotel you're geting when you book, I spent about $150 night for the room, and was a bit hesitant why it was so cheap.All my hesitation was gone when I stepped into this hotel. It really is beautiful with great sitting areas in the lobby, a full fitness center for your use for free, including sauna and steam room and a pool (almost unheard of in London)The rooms were gorgeous and although ours didn't have a view they were bigger than most we've stayed in NYC or San Francico,Front desk and concierge were VERY helpful giving us directions and recomendationsCentral to the theatre district and easy walking to many other places and the tube stop (covent garden and Holborn are both close by)The only downside was the taxi that picked us up outfront to go home. He wasn't very happy with only taking us up the street to Holborn station with our luggage for out trip hom. (He commented that we could easily afford to take a taxi to the airport if we were paying over $500 a night for the hotel) LOL little did he know we paid less than we would for a 2 star :)	
Oct 11 2007 	Not bad but can be better	We've booked the Waldorf for four nights using HHonors points. The hotel is located about 3 minutes walk to Convent Garden and there are three underground nearby - Holbourn, Temple and Convent Garden. Currently Convent Garden stop is not available for boarding and Temple is about 7-10 minutes walk away. If you get yourself a day travel ticket, you can board a few buses that will take you to the Holbourn station; bus stop just a few steps from the Waldorf. As HHonors Gold member we are ungraded to a bigger room with access to the executive lounge. Room size is OK; no problem with the tinted glass bathroom door. The shower is a bit too close to the wall, think a desigh issue. The hotel can do better by having another extra chair in the room.The executive lounge is not tad small and not much breakfast variety; no veget at all. One complimentary computer at the courner; need to get a pre-paid card from the staff to log on to internet. The indoor swimming pool looks OK but area not well maintained, hence not very interesting.Will stay at the Waldorf using points but not if asked to pay the 250 pounds for a night stay.	
Oct 10 2007	More Night Club than Hotel	I stayed at the hotel for a full week for business. I usually stay at the One Aldwych next door, but it was fully booked. Every other night the hotel would have a huge function in their ball room with extremely loud music blasting until 1 am. The music was a nuisance in both hotel rooms I stayed at (one on the first, the other on the fifth floor) - I was able to recognize each song. Ear plugs helped of course, but why do I need to wear ear plugs when I am staying at a 4-star hotel? A 1am cutoff time might not be a big issue if you are staying there for vacation, but if you are required to get up early the next day for work, it is just unacceptable.Other than the noise issue (which is so significant that I will never stay at this hotel again), the hotel is fine. The renovation of the rooms is contemporary - fairly bland and unexciting, but functional. The rooms are a good size for London standards. Check-in/check-out efficient.	
Oct 8 2007 	Whole World of Posh	We entered the Waldorf Hilton, greeted by the doorman in bowler hat and suit, late at night after a delayed flight to be met by their friendly reception staff who promptly checked us in whilst we stood in the very elegant lounge/reception area.The deluxe room, with a queen sized bed and plasma TV, was very modern with tangle wire lighting and modern tea making facilities. The bathroom was laid out with all the extras you'd expect from a 4 star hotel, towels of all shapes and sizes, body washes etc and was of a reasonably large size.The bathroom wasn't amazing (tap was loose, toilet flush moved a tad too much (all the way 360 deg), but other then that it was fine.We stayed for breakfast (at a whopping 32 per person, its worth booking this with the room as we did) we were shown where to go, escorted to a table by the concierge and offered orange juice and an assortment of foods. The buffet style service available is a nice choice and gives you a choice of foods (mostly cheeses and meats) to choose from.All in all I would say that the stay was an enjoyable one, the hotel does look a tad dated inside and could do with reviewing some of the quality and features in the room that you would expect from a £250+ a night hotel.	
Sep 22 2007	Small hotel nice staff	Only stayed here for one night, as we had to catch our flight back to the states from London. When we arrived, we were absolutely exhausted from travelling. We had big, heavy luggage which was immediately handled upon our exiting the taxi and the lady at the front desk was friendly and efficient, which is excellent when you want the opportunity to wash up and change. Can't say much about the location of the hotel as we took a taxi to and from everywhere we went, since we were too tired to deal with public transportation. However, we did see a lot of sights that we had wished we'd had the opportunity to explore. The room isn't very big, but it is modern and clean. The bed and pillows are very comfortable. I think more thought was put into style rather than functionality of the bathroom, but it's not bad. Oddly, the t.v. faces the door, rather than the bed. I assumed it would swing out to face the bed, but I was wrong. Upon check out the next morning, the very same nice lady who checked us in was still working and took care of everything quickly. The staff quickly took care of hailing a taxi for us and loading our baggage, and we were on our way.	
Sep 6 2007	Wouldn't Recommend It	When you go to a hotel like the Waldorf Hilton, you expect to be treated correctly. Unfortunately during my stay I experienced several flaws in the way the staff treats their guests. The only positive thing was the room we stayed in. I booked an Executive Suite and it was very spacious and modern. If only the rest was that perfect. When we arrived, our room wasn't ready while it should have been at that hour. I explained my dissapointement to the receptionist. Then, as we walked away, she called me something very unfriendly behind my back! I have never been treated like this in any hotel. We wanted to fresh up after the journey and we were send to the Waldorf Gym. Unfortunately, there were only three showers so we had to wait a very long time before it was our turn. When we arrived back at the hotel after a lovely day in London, we wanted to dine in the restaurant. We booked a package that included a first night dinner. The receptionist that helped us when we arrived forgot to book us a table so we had to wait for quite a while. In the end, dinner was served around 9.45 (21.45). The food was very poor. We only had one bite. When the waiter picked up the plates, he did notice the fact that we'd barely touched the food but didn't offer us anything else. The couple next to us had the same problem with their food. On top of that, the waiter forgot to bring us our drinks two times. When we left the hotel two days later, we took a cab to the airport. We tipped the person of the hotel that carried our suitcases to the cab. Then he told the cabdriver that he should be in for some money because we were good tippers. Not very discreet! I will never return there again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Enjoyed the Waldorf	Stayed here overnight. Car taken care of with luggage on arrival. Especially welcome as we had 2 weeks luggage with us. I had to drive round a couple of times as this is a favorite place for coaches to pick up.Escorted to Exec lounge, we were staying on points. I was given a voucher for 60 mins free time on the computer in the lounge. £15 per 24 hour connection in the room, standard Hilton UK charge, but I think there was wifi in the common areas. This is double edged sword as it does mean that the lounge can be a bit like someone’s office and hence not too relaxing. Had a drink and were escorted to our upgraded room. We had a good sized sitting area and really comfortable bed. A traditional bathroom was well equipped. This was a long way from the lifts and the walk was rewarded with a quiet location.This is a very central location near 3 tube stations and with bus stops and taxis on the doorstep. All staff I dealt with were polite and friendly.We ate the complimentary breakfast in the Exec lounge which was a decent continental offering.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great location but...	I stayed here with my family for one night following a trip to see the Lion King. The location is fabulous; walkable from Waterloo, and so close to the theatre!We had inter-connecting rooms (50% discount for the children's room), so it felt quite spacious; interesting abstract style! The beds were comfortable, although the duvets looked a little like over-size tea-bags (but that's just my quibble - I'm sure there are people who like that look). We were on the second floor, at the back. So no view, but it did mean we didn't get street noise. Unfortunately, I found myself unable to sleep well because of the constant hum of the generators or whatever, outside.The staff were pleasant and helpful.So all in all, it's a good hotel, so why the 'but...'? Normally I wouldn't be able to afford to stay here (or rather, to justify the cost to my husband!). We only stayed because I had accumulated enough Tesco Clubcard points to cover the majority of the costs. I know it's London; I know it's in a prime location, but why, when a room costs £243-ish, can't a simple breakfast be included in that price? The more I think about it, the more irritated I get! Surely it doesn't cost that much to offer a croissant and coffee, does it?Breakfast was included in Edinburgh and Aviemore, so come on London, how about it? (But having said that, there are plenty of places in the locality to have breakfast, and for cheaper than the hotel offers)	
Aug 25 2007 	Very good choice	Great location and really great people. From the moment we first arrived --initially just to store our bags while we stayed w/friends, pending our actual stay at the hotel two weeks later -- the people were outstanding. The porters were immediately outside to handle bags, the desk staff approached us to help, etc. Great champagne bar in the lobby. There's a bit of noise, since the hotel is in the middle of the busy theatre district. And like most London hotels, the room is pretty small. A couple of things weren't working perfectly, but these were fairly minor.	
Aug 20 2007 	great location beds like clouds	We stayed here for two nights after a tour of the west country. We visit London a couple of times a year and stay in a different hotel each time. Drove to hotel, car and luggage immediately taken care of. Checked in in executive lounge highly efficient and friendly. One room was ready by 1 p.m. the other by 3. Great location near covent garden which was buzzing.ate at Wagamammas the first night which is a hit with the children (situated just a couple of minutes walk away. The frosted glass (bathroom) was a bit disconcerting and for this reason we shall probably not stay again, which is a shame given the efficiency of the staff and the extremely comfy beds which guarantee a good nights sleep.	
Aug 10 2007 	Highly Under Rated	We have just spent the last five nights (wife and daughter) at this well located hotel in central London. Contrary to many of the reviews on this sight we have thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. Our room is outstanding, the people here have been exceedingly helpful and friendly and the hotel is near many of the attractons if you are here on vacation. I agree the hotel is not a 5 star hotel, but it quite nice and better than every other Hilton i have ever stayed (except for the Cavalieri Hilton in Rome which is outstanding). The Executive Lounge was also convenient and a great benefit for those of you that have access to it. I highly recommend the hotel.	
Aug 6 2007 	O.K.....but not great.	We stayed here for three days starting July 31st, using Hilton points. We were &quot;upgraded&quot; to an executive room, as I am a Hilton Gold member. Not quite sure how much of an upgrade it was, but the room was OK. They were, however, upgrading their sprinkler system during our stay, and the construction work was very noisy from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. This prohibited any relaxing time in the room during the day. The executive lounge was very good. Bathroom was fine, however, I have to agree with previous reviewers regarding the shower. The shower head is too close to the wall, and the water pressure is truly lacking.There is very little storage available for unpacking any clothes. The only real storage is the hang-up area in closet. No drawers except night stands.I would never have picked this hotel if we were paying, but as we used points, it was O.K.The service was average. When we went down to inquire about the construction work in the halls, the front desk wasn't even aware.Homage Bar in hotel extremely expensive. Location is central, however, as it was mid-summer it was very crowded most of the days and nights.	
Aug 5 2007	Good Choice In London	We stayed here because it is a good location. It's closer than the Tower Bridge Hilton...the Trafalgar Square Hilton is probably an even better location but doesn't have an Executive Lounge which we think is a big perk for HHonors members. There were no upgrades available the first night (Gold Member) so they put us into a standard room which was nice and had been recently renovated. The next three nights we were in a much larger HHonors room with similar styling. We were able to walk to most destinations and the Tube station was only 5-10 mins. Good breakfast and comfortable Exec Lounge.	
Jul 30 2007	Very poor indeed	Stayed here with my wife for a quiet weekend away from the kids. Great location but that's where it all ends i'm afraid. Very small bar , pokey reception, no real common areas, small and tired room. The Hilton brand is clearly not what it used to be. Thumbs down i'm afraid.	
Jul 26 2007 	Typical Hilton - clean efficient stylish	It’s a Hilton, so you expect the staff to be polite, friendly and efficient, the rooms &amp; public areas to be clean, the décor to be reasonably stylish. The Waldorf Hilton manages all of these.Stayed for one night in a Superior Room, July 07. Everything you want / need was there. Decent amount of lighting in the bedroom, though the bathroom ( IMHO ) could have done with a bit more.Even the bathroom ( I suspect it’s quite new ) showed no signs of “grime” which, for some reason, always manage to blight even the newest of suites at some of the top hotels around the world. The walk in shower cubicle was a decent size ( no annoying shower-over-bath ), water pressure could’ve been better. For some reason we couldn’t get the shower “hot”( it was warm enough, just not hot, and yes, we did press &amp; turn the temp. controller ).Breakfast was ok ( much better then the Millenium who have a celebrity chef ) – good choice of hot and cold dishes, the full English was hot &amp; properly cooked. Even the coffee tasted quite good.Location is excellent - Covent Garden ( 2 minutes walk ). The Eye is about 5 minutes away.The key question – would we stay there again ? Yes, probably.	
Jul 22 2007 	Varied Room styles/sizes... be careful.	The hotel itself was very nice. Helpful and attentive staff. I stayed at the Waldorf as a romantic theatre break to see Dirty Dancing and Lord of the Rings. The hotel is an ideal location the theatre land.My package was 2 nights, executive room, queen bed, dinner on 1st night, 2 breakfast's.Positive points:+Fast and efficient check in and depature, although they did spend rather too long trying to explain the hotel facilities/dinning etc. However I guess it's better to be told than avoided.+Attentive and polite staff throughout.+Breakfast had a wide choice. Continental was included in our package (£16 each otherwise), hot breakfast is £22 per person, therefore we would have had to pay £6 extra each if we wished that option. Personally, the cold breakfast had a wide choice so we were happy with that.+Dinner was excellent. Again, we had on nights dinner included in our package (which we were able to change from our 1st nights stay to the 2nd night). We had the option of choosing from the set menu (3 course) each with no additional charge. Or from the À la carte, with a maximum spend of £25 each. Therefore I would asume the 3 course set menu is £25 pound per person. On of us had set menu, the other À la carte. Both were excellent. Both filling. Dessert's were to die for. Recommend leaving enough space for the desserts, we did not! Approx dinning time 90-105 minutes (although was fairly empty when we sat to dine at 6.30pm).+Room clean on arrival and cleaned twice daily.Negative points:+Room advertised was executive with queen bed. However, the room did not seem large enough. Had plasma TV, desk area, seat either side of bed, wardrobe area, and a small bathroom. For the money spent, £368, the bathroom was too small. The 'queen bed' was two single beds pushed together. I do not need to go into too much detail to explain the a romantic break was not enjoyable with bottoms between beds! I did however not complain at the time of my stay, but I will be forwarding my views via email.+The gym/pool free usage for guests was not upto quality standards. It is a gym that is part of the LA Fitness group and open to guests of the hotel and paying members. The gym seems small and crowded with equipment. The pool facilities were dirty and in need of attention. For such a 'quality' hotel, to have such poor conditions around the pool area was shameful. I felt no luxury beside the pool. The sign on the door of the steam room told of the need of repair to the tile work inside. The steam room itself was tiny, enough for maybe 4 persons, and the tiles missing indeed made it feel dirty and unkept. You could not sit near the missing tiles for risk of injury.+The bill after dinning had to be adjusted after I noticed they had charged for 3 main meals, when only two of us dinned.+The bill for the room had to be adjusted as there was a charge for items from the inroom mini bar. We had not consumed anything from the mini bar. However everything in the fridge has an electronice sensor. As there is a lack of space in the fridge, and we tried to squeeze in our free mineral water into it, it must have mislodged chargeable items inside. This was explained and bill was corrected.Overview:Hotel clean, staff pleasent, food good quality. Gym/pool area lacking quality. Room/bed description take with a pinch of salt. Check bills as they made mistake in dinning room and mini bar charge.	
Jul 22 2007 	Nice good location but nothing special	My wife and I used Hilton HHonors points to stay three nights here, following three nights at the Hilton London Tower Bridge Hotel. The latter is very modern with great rooms and service, but is a bit out of the way for some people (having been to London we liked the alternative South Bank of the Thames location). The Hilton London Waldorf draws on the Waldorf name, implying more than it is. It's nice, a bit older than most with strange imposition of a very modern bathroom and glass wall decorations and modern lighting in a rather traditional room with high ceilings and crown molding. The two very different styles clash. There was somewhat worn carpeting under the bed, but the outer room flooring was tile. It was quiet, in spite of the busy outside location. Clearly the location is the strongest suit here, with walking distance to the theatre district, Covent Gardens, SoHo, the National Gallery and National Portrait Gallery, the British Museum and other spots. We had a wonderful stay, but it's just not anything special if you're looking for value. We had good value using Hilton HHonors points, but if we had to pay the rack rate, or even 50% rack, we'd have been disappointed. One minor caution: there's no ice available on hotel floors, you have to order from room service, and the mini-bar has pressure sensitive monitors such that if you even move a bottle of juice or water, it automatically charges you (easily reversed, but a nuisance).	
Jul 17 2007	Stylish retreat in the City	This is the third or forth time I have been lucky enough to stay at The Waldorf, a stylish and contemporary hotel in a fantastic location.I have had rooms of varying size and style, all very comfortable. The bathroom arrangements in some of the rooms may not be to everyone's taste. The room I had this time around had the bath and shower opposite the bed with a separate WC...shy people beware! All the usual amenities were present, plasma TV, decent toiletries, bath robes and best of all for London on a hot summers night...great air-conditioning.There public areas are stylish and quite glam including a very nice Patisserie that turns into a Champagne Bar after 6.00pm - expensive but worth it. I'm not keen on the bar at the hotel, the ambience is lacking in something...but I'm not sure what. However, the cocktails are very good and the staff charming.Didn't have the opportunity to eat in the restaurant this time around but have done in the past. It’s a great space to spend an evening with good food and attentive service.Overall, I enjoy staying at The Waldorf but the question is ‘Is it worth £350.00 per night?’ I think so, but you may not.	
Jul 5 2007	Upscale and cozy!	After reading many reviews here I thought that I should definitely give my opinion of the Waldorf! I traveled with my husband and two teens last month. We stayed for 3 nights and I booked two rooms. I transferred American Airlines points to my husband's silver Hilton Honors account. Considering that the rooms were going to be $600 each per night, I thought that trading the points was a good value. London is outrageously expensive with our terrible exchange rate! The hotel is located right next to the Aldwych theater where we saw Dirty Dancing ( Fantastic show)! It is a small boutique feeling hotel which seems to be newly refurnished. The decor is modern and fun! The rooms are quite large and the beds comfortable, although a bit soft. The negatives were that the rooms on the street side were noisy. The first night we stayed on the interior side but wanted to switch to a King bed the next night. The first night was super quiet and the next two nights were not. The mornings were noisy with noise from the street starting quite early. There was some confusion with breakfast for us. When I asked the night manager for a complimentary continental breakfast with our Hilton Honors, he offered it to us. We had it one morning. There was a cold buffet that was average with fruit, pastries, cereal, etc. and then you could order something hot from the menu. It wasn't bad but outrageous at L22 ($40 each). They brought us a bill to sign and we were told that it was not complimentary. After inquiring at the front desk we were told that the night manager was new and he made a mistake. They removed the charges, thank goodness! We are not big breakfast eaters so we made do with a little cafe down the street. This hotel is not very close to a tube station. It is in between 2 stations, both are about a 10 minute walk. Not such a big deal unless it is raining. We did like the location because it was not in such a busy area like the nearby covent gardens. Concierges and doormen were helpful and friendly! Hope this helps!	
Jul 4 2007	good	I booked 2 free nights here using Hilton Honors points in June 2007. Hotel is really well located for tourism. I was given a warm welcome and a complimentary upgrade to executive suite at check in. Nice well furnished large room; spacious but ancient looking bathroom. Very helpful staff, especially the concierge staff. I would book here again	
Jul 3 2007 	Stylish and central: recommended in every respect	Stayed three nights B &amp; B with dinner on first night.A most impressive grand building, steeped in style and history [they do a little tour-details in rooms] in a very very central location for many theatres and for Covent Garden.Rooms all revamped to a high, tasteful standard and double had a most comfortable kingsize bed and all the usual amenities, although slightly on the small side.Bathroom equally stylish and well-appointed, although translucent glass door a bit disconcerting as regards total privacy !Very well-staffed indeed with exceedingly pleasant and helpful young people.Food competent and of a high standard - unusually these days, cooked breakfasts not buffet-style, with much more than the usual 'fry-ups' and with divine freshly-squeezed OJ.Overall, can highly recommend as a thoroughly compfortable and pleasant place to stay in central London, especially if you can get a reasonable rate.	
Jun 23 2007	Excellent hotel!	My wife and I stayed for 3 nights in May 2007. I booked a reward stay using Hilton points (Diamond member). Everything was excellent with this hotel!We were allowed an early check-in at before noon, so we went up to the executive lounge. Very nice - complimentary food and drinks (including alcohol) all day long. The lounge also had a computer with free internet access, which was a huge plus! (Who wants to lug a laptop with them on vacation?)The room was nice, they left me not one but two welcome gifts of gourmet chocolates in my room, thanking me for staying! The location is very convenient to Covent Garden and all the major theaters!I would stay here again, it made our last days in Europe perfect!	
Jun 15 2007 	A bit overrated	I agree with prior reviews that this hotel is overrated. I spent 4 nights here recently and at £350 per night, one can definitely do better. Rooms are large, in comparison to One Aldwych, which is next door, but One Aldwych has a better atmosphere and rooms feel more cozy.Bathroom was very plane, with the shower head (as described in other reviews) being less than a foot away from the wall, so you are standing practically in the drain. Not sure who came up with an idea to paint the bathroom white. It feels like a hospital room.Not sure how other rooms are insulated but I could hear everything that was happening in the hallways. Internet is £15 for 24hrs - I think this is probably the only hotel left out there that charges for the internet access.Overall, this is not an &quot;above average&quot; hotel but a good place to stay during a business trip. I would not choose this hotel for my leisure stays.	
Jun 13 2007	Great Location!	If you are visiting London, this hotel is the perfect location. You can walk to almost every major sight: London Eye, Big Ben, Buckingham Palace, all the theatres, Covent Garden, Westminster Abbey... It is all within a 15-20 minute walk.The hotel staff was very friendly and very helpful. Stayed in an executive room... It was HUGE for a european hotel.There were some earlier comments from reviewers about the bathrooms - the doors are a frosted glass. BUT, you CANNOT see thru the glass at all, so there should be no privacy issues. The showers were wonderful - very strong water pressure and big shower heads.The rooms are very well insulated... we had a room facing the main street, but could not hear any street noise (at least from the bedroom, in the bathroom you could hear street traffic).The breakfast was very good. It was included in my price so it was free, but beware if you have to pay - it is 22 pounds/person!Dinner was also included, and it was very good. The prices on the menu for dinner are very reasonable. The service is slow, but I found this to be the case in every restaurant in europe.I would stay hear again... The hotel is very clean, rooms good size, staff very friendly and again, the location cannot be beat.	
Jun 13 2007 	excellent service	We stayed at the Waldorf for my husband's 50 th Birthday. I emailed them in advance and we were given a very nice room with bathrobes &amp; slippers and there was a Birthday card and cake waiting for us on our arrival !The room was immaculate and very comfortable and no complaints at all.Dinner was included for the first night and was delicious, with plenty to choose from.Breakfast was plentiful with a choice of bread,cereal,fruit,cold meats cheese, fruit juices, yoghurts and a cooked breakfast as well ! We also were given a glass of champagne each as well on the morning of my husband's Birthday !The staff were attentive and helpful and I would certainly recommend the Waldorf.	
Jun 9 2007 	The Waldorf Hilton... a little bit Waldorf a little bit UK Hilton	Overall, the Waldorf Hilton a fine place to stay but not up there with the best hotels in London. So, not one for the honeymoon or a special anniversary, but hits the mark for a weekend treat to London.The location is perfect for tourists: close to Covent Garden and many of the main theatres. Although it's right on the Aldwych, it seemed to have good sound insulation. The refurbished modern style might not suite all tastes, but its definitely a cut above an average Hilton. The room we had on the Executive Floor was excellent. Very spacious, 42&quot; plasma TV with lots of international channels and an attractive frosted glass bathroom with designer fittings. The fabric of the interior was very of the moment and of generally good quality. What surprised me was how much of the Waldorf was just the same as at any other Hilton, even down to the shampoo in the rooms.The quality of breakfast was good and the service was also fine... some staff were definitely top end, others were very ordinary.One thing that is slightly disappointing to anyone who knows the hotel of old is that the Palm Court is no longer public room -- it is reserved for events. Shame that they haven't exploited this fine feature.In conclusion... would I stay there again? Possibly, but there's so much choice in London that I'd probably try somewhere new.	
Jun 8 2007 	The Waldorf Hilton Won't Disappoint	We booked through Londontown.com and got the prepaid Hilton rate which included breakfasts and one dinner. We would highly recommend this package as the buffet had fresh fruits, cheeses, meats, etc. and was quite filling for the day. The dinner was better than average.The room was small but comfortable and, most importantly, was quiet. Turndown service was an unexpected nicety. Every employee was helpful...the concierges even lend umbrellas for use during sightseeing.We walked to the National Gallery, Churchill Museum, and the Somerset House. Other days, we bought all day bus passes which were easy to use as various stops were close to the hotel.As others have pointed out, restaurants abound in the area. We would not hesitate to rebook at the hotel in the future.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great Location Nice Hotel Prompt Service	We spent a weekend here in May of 2007 and we were very happy that they had a room ready for us when we arrived from our Transatlantic flight at 10:00 a.m. The service was always prompt and polite. Our room was on the small side but the rates were decent and the room was well appointed with a nice bathroom, nice bedding, and nice flat-screen TV. We were close to everything we went to for this wedding event which was very convenient , all in all we would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 4 2007	Historic hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Waldorf for two nights in May on one of those Hilton special breaks with an evening meal included in the price. Based on this, the accommodation and general services at this hotel exceeded our expectations and provided good value for money. The Waldorf may be a Hilton now but it is a hotel with some history. The lobby area is a little small and unimposing but the staff were efficient enough on arrival. The most notable public area is the Palm Court which is mainly used for private functions. Hilton have missed a trick here and need to find a way of getting more guests into this part of the hotel. The main restaurant, Homage, has a nice room of it’s own though. Perhaps a little modern and arty for some, but we liked it and there were no complaints about the food. Plenty of much more expensive restaurants nearby couldn’t do better.The bar was nearby. Not particularly well laid out but fine by us – a reasonable buzz.The rooms are recently refurbished but in a fairly corporate style that is now fashionable in several large chains. Our only complaints were that there was no stand for your suitcase and the fridge didn’t work At this price, we forgave them but a lack of attention to detail showed here.The location is great for Covent Garden and many theatres – an easy walk to at least 5 theatres and a couple of blocks to Covent Garden. You can walk to the South Bank Centre and Leicester Square also in a few minutes. Unfortunately, the hotel sits between tube stations. Not a long walk but you might get tired of it after a few days. Main London shopping and tourist areas are a couple of tube stops away.In short, well worth a try if you can get a decent price – close to the action but not so close you can’t get a good night’s sleep..	
Jun 2 2007 	Good service and staff	Excellant service and good room (executive). As Executive room we had benefits of executive lounge which justifies the room price. Modern quirky rooms not suited to everyone's tastes, we liked it but couldn't find the mirror to dry our hair in!	
May 30 2007	Nice but slightly overated	Hi stayed at this hotel over the Bank Holiday Weekend. The hotel is about a ten minute walk from Covent Garden. Overall the service was great although for the £270.00 a night I spent on the room (twin) I would have expected a slightly bigger room with a nicer view. Outside of the hotel there is a lot of building work going on and this spoils the initial impression of the hotel.The beds were lovely and comfortable though and all the staff really friendly and helpful.	
May 18 2007	Service was great!	We were delighted after our flight in from the states that our hotel room was ready upon our arrival at 8:30 A.M. The front desk staff was great all weekend long. We stayed for a long weekend on our way to Paris. The room was nice. European hotel size, but the ambiance was good, room clean and bathrooms nice. The towel warmer was a great treat after a long day of walking and tired bodies! Tea in the room was good too. The hotel elevator is not close to every room, so for someone with a lot of bags, etc. this may be a challenge -- although the staff was prompt to grab bags and take care of this for us. There was a wedding in the hotel the weekend we were there, and what a fantastic spot!! Location is in the West End. You have theaters all around. It is an easy walk to Trafalgar, Covenant Garden, etc.	
May 4 2007 	Nice but needs work	Recently spent six nights there on Hilton Honors (Gold Member), upgraded to the Executive level. Room selection is iffy. This is an old hotel that has been through a major refurb. Two types of rooms - designer (artsy, hand-held showers, modern) and traditional (older decor, no hand-held showers). All seem to have wide screen LCD TVs. Both have oddities like the hair dryer in a drawer at the desk - hardwired so you can use it there only - and glass bathroom doors. Rooms are generally big but the street side (Aldwych) is very loud. The traffic does not letup very much at night and we found it disturbing (moved after one night). Better closing windows (double glazed) would help this problem.Many minor inconveniences that some attention to detail would address. Cannot dry hair in front of bathroom mirrior and mirrors in room not convenient to outlets for a dryer. Robe or clothes hook in the bath would be nice. Lighting in bath mirror too low. Wall-mounted magnifying mirrors are nice but mounted too high and too far away.Executive lounge was very nice for free continental breakfast, snacks, drinks, happy hour. Staff was excellent - Robert (bellman) is a native Londoner and has many tips for you. Room service limited and pricey. Would recommend it. Would stay here again. Very convenient as bus lines stop in front of hotel and the Temple station on the Tube is a few blocks away. Right off the Strand in the heart of the theater district and close to Covent garden. Small stores, banks nearby. Restaurants and pubs close as well.Internet access (wired) in the room but at 20 pounds per 24 hours it is outrageous. Wi-fi availble in the Executive lounge and lobby but accessible as a BT openzone user. I accessed it as a T-Mobile USA customer for $0.18 per minute roam charge. As Hampton Inn offers free internet access, why does Hilton still charge outlandish fees?	
Apr 27 2007 	Cant wait to go back.	went to watch dirty dancing at the theatre, was very pleased to find the theatre was next door, Booked in to the hotel, Staff treat you like a film star, very professional and friendly, The hotel and rooms were beautiful, we had a inclusive meal in the restaurant which was amaizing. Overall a brilliant hotel, worth the extra few quid to stay in the centre of the city, The first hotel ive been to where i have never had the slightest complaint or upset. Would highly reccomend. Mike.	
Apr 24 2007 	Nice Hotel but not the best value	I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for one week in April 2007. The hotel has been recently renovated and the rooms are trendy with flat screen tvs. The rooms that face the street are a bit noisy. The hotel has a LA fitness in the basement, which is free for guest use. The fitness center isn't great, but its much nicer and bigger than a normal hotel excercise room. I ate at the restaurant one night and wasn't impressed with the food. Breakfast was alright, but I wouldn't have eaten there if it wasn't included in our nightly rate. The location is close to the theatre district, and only a few blocks from Covenant Gardens and public transportation. I did have some erroneous charges on my final bill, so I would advise all to double check your invoice.	
Apr 23 2007 	great value fabulous location loved it!!!	hello, just returned from a weekend break at this hotel and was so impressed. we booked the £299 deal, double room for 2 nights with breakfast and a meal on the first evening. first of all, the location is great, 3 mins walk from covent garden, next door from the aldwych theatre, a short walk from everywhere you need to go. we arrived just after 3pm and were offered a choice of rooms. the rooms weren't the biggest but perfectly adequate for a weekend stay. built in wardrobe with iron, board, free safe, hot drinks tray, mini bar, complimentary umbrella for use during your stay. nice large bathroom with raindrop shower and very large towels. the comfiest bed i have ever slept in with bathrobes and slippers, large flat screen tv, hair dryer, alarm clock, internet access. basically everything that a hotel should have had been provided which was a welcome change. we took our free dinnner on the first night (restaurant opens at 5.30pm so plenty early enough if you are going to the theatre). we were given a choice from a small manu or allowed to choose from the large menu with a £25 allowance per person. i mixed between the two and was very pleased with my choices. service was amazing, very attentive staff without being over the top. breakfast the next day was equally good, plenty of choice of continental items and a lovely hot menu too. i would definitely recommend this hotel (especially with this offer) to anyone wanting a romantic weekend away, staying at the waldorf is sure to impress anyone!!!	
Apr 19 2007 	Great Location. Fantastic Staff	We booked the 2 night special deal through last minute. £300 for a double room including breakfast on both days and 1 evening meal is fantastic value for central London.The staff were very attentive and helpful all the time. My Husband had booked for my birthday and the hotel had provided a cake in our room which was a lovely touch, they also wished me a happy birthday as I arrived and really made it a special weekend. The food was FANTASTIC!The rooms are small and, if you are not intimate with the person you are sharing with then the frosted glass and no lock on the en suite could be off putting!!I would definitely recommend a stay and I am hoping to take my Husband back for his birthday later in the year.	
Apr 19 2007 	Totally relaxing experience in central London	Stayed in Waldorf for 3 nights. Staff were welcoming and attentive from the moment we arrived, collecting our luggage at the door and showing us to our room as soon as we arrived at 12 although check in time isn't officially until 3. A complimentary bottle of wine was sent up to our room within minutes of arriving. All staff were polite and friendly throughout our stay, making it it a totally pleasant and relaxing experience. This hotel was built in 1908 and has been sympathetically modernised throughout. Public lounges are comfortable with high ceilings, relaxing leather chairs and an excellent supply of complimentary newspapers. The smallest of luxury touches, down to even the bathroom tissues embossed with the Waldorf Hilton name show how this hotel takes a real pride in being a unique London landmark that other new and completely modern hotels just can't match.	
Apr 10 2007 	Fab hotel	Had a 3 night stay at the beginning of April. This hotel is great. Great staff, great food, great location, great prices. Our room wasn't quite ready at 3pm when we checked in, so they gave us a KS bedded room instead of the double we had booked. The room wasn't overly large, but more than adequate for sleeping in. The bed was really comfy and the linens excellent. A large LCD tv on the wall, what more could you want. The &quot;dreaded&quot; frosted glass bathroom door (what's the matter with these whingers who have to complain about something). If you're sharing a bedroom with somebody, then a frosted door is NOT a problem, can't see anything through it anyway (I tried!!!) We had a great offer with the hotel, where you got the 1st nights meal as part of the package price. The food choice for 3 courses was really good and the food presentation excellent. Breakfast was equally as good, freshly squeezed orange juice and enough choice to keep even the seasoned whingers happy!!! I holiday a LOT and am very fussy about what a 5* hotel should offer, but with the Waldorf, I had no complaints whatsoever. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody, and the price they charge is far cheaper than any of their competitors in the 5* category.	
Apr 10 2007 	Very Disappointed	The Waldorf Hilton, London does not meet the standard of quality you would expect from its name. Good location, quality personnel but no matter what you do, this is an old hotel, however lots could have been done to make you overlook that. Let's start with the rooms:-Bathtub is impossibly small, I am average size but standing in the bathtub each foot was on the incline of each side of the tub. Very uncomfortable.-Shower heads are too close to the wall. There are only 10cm between the wall and where you have to stand to enjoy the &quot;raindrop&quot; shower head. You knees hit the nozzle below as you shower.-Not enough closet space. I packed for a two day trip and there was barely enough closet space and very little droor space. Only 6 clotheshangers.Now with the hotel:-&quot;Exective Lounge&quot; is embarrasing. Any serious 5 star hotel I've been to does not discriminate lounges based on status. Upgrades and other perks are one thing, but to exlude guests from lounges because they are not executive is embarrasing. Although I'm Platinum Starwood, I've never seen a starwood hotel exclude its guests from certain locations. Definitely disgusted by this.- Too many other rooms are closed and not accessible to regular guests. I didn't feel welcome or priveleged enough to stay at this hotel which was by all standards, average.I won't be straying from my Starwood friends in the future.	
Apr 6 2007 	Nice hotel	Nice hotel with newer decor and larger rooms than many London hotels.Half shower door in bathtub was a bit strange and tub was quite narrow. Good customer service and responsive to requests. Workspace was small, but comparable to other London hotels.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good Hotel for Business Trip	I stayed at the Hilton for both the location and the fact that I get points from being a HHonors member. Hotel check in for me was a breeze, but a number of colleagues staying at the hotel said they had problems with the room keys which mgmt. was already aware of. The manager walked me to my room to make sure the key worked and it did. I had a 3rd floor room facing the interior so basically no view. The room was an unusual shape. Not the typical hotel room shape. The bed was centered against one wall with a great flat screen tv on the opposite wall and the combination closet/refrigerator/bureau/coffee maker sectional was on the left side. The desk w/internet connection was at the end of the little hallway so you couldn't see the t.v. or anything else for that matter. I'd heard of people mention the frosted glass door to the bathroom and I've had that in other rooms on a previous stay. I didn't see what the problem was as it was only the door that was glass. But this room was different. not only was the door glass, but basically the entire wall that had the bathroom door was frosted glass. So you could probably tell if someone was sitting on the toilet and doing their business. Luckily, I was by myself, but I could tell some people would be uncomfortable using the facilities knowing that someone could tell what they were up to - even if it is only your spouse. I thought the shower was great. It was different then other rooms I've had. Other rooms had a typical rectangle shaped bathtub with a glass partition running along half the bathtub to try unsuccessfully to keep water in. This bathtub was rectangular in shape, but had a circular area at one end (think whirlpool shape) with a round shaped glass enclosing the shower part. So no water ever escaped and it was more room to stand than a regular bathtub. I liked it.In previous rooms I've had a full sized ironing board with room to stand it up. In this room, it was one of those college sized ironing boards about 2 1/2 ft. long that was screwed to the interior of the closet. It was difficult to use, but I managed.The bed is probably about the most comfortable bed I've stayed in at a hotel. Thats another reason I come back to this hotel. Comfy pillows, comfy comfortable, and very comfy bed helps put me to sleep every night.I enjoyed my stay and would recommend if you want a central location to the theaters or if you're in town on business.	
Mar 31 2007 	Quite a deal through Hotwire	Booked this in late Fall of 2006 via Hotwire for $145 a night, which seemed like a spectacular deal to me. We would never be able to touch the regular room prices at this property with the poor exchange rate from US dollars to British pounds.We arrived shortly after Noon, and we were able to get into a room #504 right away. This was very nice after a delayed overnight flight. We were given the choice of a queen bed or twins, and since we are used to a king bed we took the twins (which were pushed together anyway, so it worked out especially well). Our non-smoking request was granted and there was no mention of Hotwire, just that the room was pre-paid. Every staff member we encountered for the 8 days was friendly, helpful and attentive.The room was not big, but not tiny either. Room was definitely larger than the New York City Hilton Priceline room I got in 2003.Pros: clean room, nice bed, mattress and bedding, bathrobe, slippers, and 2 free bottles of water each day. Cons: other than the hangers in the closet, there's no place to store your clothes - no drawers or storage of any kind - unless you want to use the top shelf of the closet. Door to bathroom was the much-talked about frosted glass, which could be a problem for some. Hair dryer was installed in the desk drawer and could not be moved.I have no way of knowing if this was a &quot;Priceline/Hotwire&quot; room, although I suspect it may be. I do know that if we had paid the going rate and gotten this room, I would be disappointed. However, we didn't care about the frosted glass door, the legacy/history of the hotel, having tea there, the quality of the amenities or the clothing storage issue, so there were effectively no negatives for us at a price point of $145. Location is really good. We are walkers and although we took the tube a lot we also walked to St. Paul's, Trafalgar Sq, Piccadilly Circus, Waterloo Station and Big Ben. Lots of eating choices close since the hotel is really right in the theater district and Covent Garden is a 3 minute walk. Temple tube stop is also very close so you have access to many different Underground lines.We were looking for an affordable price, a central location, a comfortable bed and a friendly staff. We were not looking for a 5 star luxury property, nor did we care about the style or ambiance of the hotel - we were out enjoying the ambiance of London itself.If we needed a hotel in London and this was available again for $145, I wouldn't hesitate to jump on it. It was just perfect for our needs.	
Mar 27 2007 	Great location	Great location Very large room with a very interesting decor. Water hot and plentiful. Walk out door to several theaters. Staff very friendly and helpful. Our windows had no view but room was very large by London standards. We never had to ride subway since walk to British Museum and National Gallery was very doable for older people.	
Mar 19 2007	Somewhat disappointing	Two night stay using HHonors Points.Great location on Aldwych adjacent to Covent Garden. 5 min walk from Charing Cross Station, Trafalgar Square, and my favorite, the National Gallery.Where else can you see some of the greatest art from many periods in human history, all for free.Lots of reasonable food choices available locally.Property remodeled by owners and leased to Hilton. It stops short of 5* in many ways. It's not luxury in a real sense. The remodel looks like they ran out of money (or enthusiasm) Details like poor quality finish work, badly fitting bath fixtures, noisy poorly insulated floors, overall a disappointment. Furnishings were of a good quality...Beds were comfortable, and bedding was of a good quality. Bathroom personal care products were good.Nice rain shower head in my second room. Check In: I was directed to the Exec Lounge to check in. I requested and was upgraded to a 3rd floor deluxe twin for the first night, as I had a colleague joining me. Rooms: The first room was comfortable, and the bathroom fairly large.Requested to move to a king for the second night, and was assigned a room on the exec 8th floor. Larger room with open plan living and bedroom areas. The Exec lounge was ok and fairly typical....a selection of snacks, beverage, breakfast etc. Did not use hotel restaurant or bars, but had a poke around the Palm Court and conference room area. One could imagine a bygone age with Edwardian diners enjoying the facilities of the once grand public areas.Like most London Hiltons, the staff were European rather than British. I heard Italian, French and Spanish spoken at the concierge desk, over the two days I was there. Everyone was reasonably friendly and efficient.Overall, an ok stay and a reasonable use of HHonors Points.US Rating: Just about 4*. Don't expect luxury and you won't be disappointed.Stay again? Probably.	
Mar 18 2007 	Beside the location factor not worth it!	Nothing special! The location is perfect, but the hotel itlself lacks atmosphere. Room was average. Typical Hilton I would say! Mostly disappointing. If you are keen on staying at a Hilton hotel in London book The Trafalgar. Much better! Unfortunately it is difficult to find an outstanding hotel in London which is affordable what means under 200 GBP a night! I will continue my search!	
Feb 28 2007	Great Service!!	A great hotel with excellent service and facilities. I must say that our inital reaction to the designer room was mixed, however the room grew on us. The Plasma screen was fantastic and the bed very comfortable.We found the service to be excellent and staff couldn't do enough for us. The executive lounge was excellent with a nice range of canape's.The proximity to Covent Garden was great enabling us to stroll around in the morning, before going to the Opera in the afternoon.I highly recommend this Hotel for comfort and great service.	
Feb 21 2007	Excellent Hotel...PERFECT London Location!	You just can't get much better than this hotel in this location in London! In the middle of the theater district, 2-3 blocks from the restaurants and pubs in Covent Garden and square between Westminster and London (sites in both locations). Rooms were great and service was excellent. VERY clean hotel!	
Feb 14 2007 	Excellant stay	We booked 2 nights b&amp;b, with dinner on the first night, for GBP299 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.I had asked for a room on a high floor, away from the lifts and overlooking the front, and all of these were taken in consideration with room 330. I would only recommend a front facing room if you are used to sleeping with some traffic noise but this did not concern us too much and the view of India House and Aldwych is better than roof tops. The reasons for enjoying ourselves so much comes down to two things - the staff and the hotel quality. The staff were very friendly, attentive and efficient. All staff had welcoming smiles and a friendly manner, from the doorman who took our suitcase from the cab and delivered direct to our room, to the check-in plus the bar and restaurant staff. The quality of the hotel is very high, from the bedroom and bathroom fittings (the bed and pillows were very comfortable, which being used to a waterbed is not often the case in hotels) to the food (excellant breakfast choices from the obviously freshly squeezed orange juice to the muesli's, fruits, cereals and cooked breakfasts). The inclusive evening meal was very good. There was a good selection on the fixed menu and we did not need to consider exchanging the inclusive meal for GBP25 each credit against the a la carte.I was slightly concerned about the quality of the rooms having read other comments on this website, but we certainly had no problems at all with the room size or the frosted glass partitions to the bathroom, which provided complete privacy to the loo and only a blurred silhouette to the shower, and hey if your sharing a double room why would this embarass you? We also found the modern style of the room to be very relaxing.To summarise, although you can find better priced deals in central London but the inclusion of the dinner, the extra qualities over e.g. a Thistle hotel, and the warm welcome and attention form the staff make this a choice I would highly recommend.	
Feb 12 2007	Nice for London but WAY overpriced	Stayed here for two days at the beginning of Feb 2007 for work. I received a great discounted rate via work, but normal rates here look crazy. No way is this a 4 or 5 star hotel, I wold classify this as a 3.5 star. However most of the hotels in London seem as overrated as they are overpriced.Getting to the room was interesting. Hotel is large and quite spread out. You go through lots of fire doors and 2 or 3 step up/downs. Not a joy if you are toting your own luggage.The room was average size, but an odd shape (a &quot;U&quot; shape). The bed was the highlight of the room... nice linens, great pillows (a first for me in London!) and a nice comforter. The bathroom was nice, but very small. Just a very small shower with a funky multi-headed thing. As seems typical for London hotels, they don't seem to understand how to make a shower that doesn't leak all over the floor. I was careful, and still I stepped out of the shower into a large puddle. (sigh) lol. The room was decorated in ... um... modern? There was a coat-rack looking robot thing with metal boobs and a square wooden head. (what!?) I didn't know what to make of that. While the built-in iron and board were nice to have, there was very little storage space in the room (it had room for it though). Very small area for hanging clothes and only 2 very small drawers to put clothes in.TV was a nice flat screen with a good selection of channels (not the typical 4 you get in most hotels here).The do-it-yourself tea/coffee service provided in the room each day was very nice. French press style coffee with cookies, etc. I did not try the room service (only breakfast available). Starbucks is just around the corner.The location was great (just off the Strand), and within easy walking distance to all the theaters, many places to eat, etc.My work gets a great rate, and the bed was nice so I would stay here again. However, I would not pay the standard rates ($500) to stay here!	
Feb 12 2007 	Exceptional!	We adored our stay at the Waldorf.First of all, I should point out that we stayed at a heavily reduced rate. We booked through a london town website that offers a £100 cashback offer and price match if you find a cheaper rate. We booked at the price of £315 for a standard room, but then pricematched against an asian rooms site that was offering the same room at £240. Add in the £1000 cash back and we got out standard room for just £140.Then the best bit. When we arrived at the Waldorf, we were upgraded to an Executive room. With complimetary access to the Executive lounge! Bliss. We were whisked up to the lounge to checkin while sat on leather armchairs with a glass of wine -- obviously we were far too important to have to stand at a checkin desk!!!! Our luggage was taken from us as we stepped from the taxi, and the next time we saw it was in our room!On to the room. Or rooms. There was a sitting room with armchair, sofa and plasma TV. Then a bedroom, also with plasma TV and a fantastic bed, and a walk in wardrobe. Finally, the bathroom, which was nearly as big as the bedroom!The executive lounge had free wine, spirits, coffee etc on tap -- just help yourself. They also served nibblies at certain points of the day, eg continental breakfast, afternoon tea, canapes before dinner etc. All free, just help yourself!We were at the Novello theatre next door for Much Ado, then we ate at Bank restaurant a few doors further down. Although we were so full from all our free food and drink, we were not that hungry!We had breakfast in the palm court the next morning which is the best breakfast I have ever had in a hotel. Freshly cooked and served to your table, and the best quality ingredients. The sausages were excellent. Then a buffet with pastries, fruit, cereals etc etc -- we didn't eat for the rest of the day!We wouldn't have changed a thing about our stay, it was just perfect. However, I'm not sure I could bring myself to pay £315 (and that was just for the standard room -- goodness knows how much our executive suit should have cost!!)If you can get a good rate -- go for it! Then hope like mad you get an upgrade!!!!	
Jan 25 2007 	Really not worth the money	I booked a one night stay at the Hilton Warldof for myself and my boyfriend as a birthday treat. We were greeted by a very friendly door man who was extremly helpful and also found time to ask if we haveing a good time in London. Checkin was speedy and we were given room number 508 on the fifth floor. The room was very very small. Our queen size bed seemed to fill the entire room! I did find the frosted bath room door very off putting! Surly such a high standard hotel could afford a more adequite door. My boyfriend did enjoy the plasma screen tv as it had sky sports on there. The wardrope was also very small. Luckly we didn't have many clothes with us as we were only there for one night, if we were going to stay any longer I don't think there would have been enough space to hang all the clothes up, we would have to leave clothes in the suitcase. I'm not quite sure what kind of theame the Waldorf is trying to atchive. The room it self is very morden with a very gerish light fixture in the middle of the celling (think of a giant bramble bush hangging off the celing), yet the outside is very 1920's.The location really is excellent, with Covent Garden just around the corner and lots of theartres in the same street, you really can not go wrong if you want a central location.I would go back, but puerly for it's location. It's not worth the money and is more like a Holiday Inn then a Hilton. Standards are lacking for what is ment to be a luxory hotel.	
Jan 12 2007 	Nothing too special	Location is what this hotel has to offer. It's a five minute walk from Covent Garden and is just around the corner from the Drury Lane Theater and the Novello, the Royal Shakespeare Company's new London home. Lots of good restaurants and bars, great shopping. It's handy for dinner or a pre- or post-theater drink.As for staying there . . . I'm afraid I'll have to give it a pass next time. There was nothing really wrong with our room. It's just that it looked like a generic modern corporate space that could have been anywhere. Fine for business (in fact, I did get some work done on the very handy desk provided), but it didn't feel like London or anywhere else in England. Some other minor complaints: we had booked the room at the last minute, with dinner included. When we checked in, the desk clerk insisted that our stay didn't include dinner. It wasn't until he checked with another, higher ranked employee that the confusion was cleared up. Maybe it's nothing to get annoyed about, but first impressions are crucial, and this one didn't cut it.In the room, I didn't like the way the toilet was separated from the sleeping area only by an opaque glass wall. I know this is a trend in modern design, but I wish it would go away. Luxury equals privacy -- period! If you compromise on that, you might as well give up any pretensions of offering your guests an experience they couldn't have gotten in a hostel.The gym was closed while we were there, but I did walk around the lower ground floor areas where the business conferences are held. They were truly dreary. I felt sorry for anyone who has to endure a conference there.There's a brochure in each room outlining the history of the Waldorf. Reading it gave me a better appreciation of the hotel, but it also highlighted how the Waldorf has become a shadow of its former self. The restaurant served decent food, but the attempts to update that grand room by wrapping the columns in third-rate art seemed misguided. On the other hand, many of the guests didn't seem like they were the sort to notice. Quite a few didn't bother to change out of their jeans and sweatshirts for dinner.We'll certainly continue to have drinks here, and the occasional afternoon tea. But London has so many other hotels, and this one just isn't special enough.	
Jan 10 2007 	Golden Experience	Booked a special offer as a birthday treat for myself and my partner via lastminute.com and couldn't have been happier. Was allocated a deluxe double room which was spacious with a spectacular gold bathroom! Didn't try any of the other amenities but for the relatively cheap deal I got, was over the moon.	
Jan 7 2007	Poor Stay	Stayed for one night and wouldn't stay again. Staff helpful but lacking in local knowledge. The hotel also looked tired in places especially in the pool area. Extortionate prices (£9 for a small plate of cheese). Yes the location is good but its not worth it.	
Jan 1 2007 	Mixed feelings for the Waldorf	We had just spent 2 nights at The Cavendish in Jermyn Street , which was excellent and then arrived for 2 nights at the Waldorf. We had booked both hotels on package deals, 2 nights B+B with a meal on the first night. The difference was that the Waldorf was 3 times the cost of The Cavendish and was not worth it.Firstly on arrival the check-in was really busy and seemed chaotic. We had arrived by car and were told the car would be taken and parked straight away. My husband had to sit in the car for quite a while in case we were given a ticket as there was no staff to park it. Eventually a chap came and had the keys and while my husband was emptying the boot, the member of staff explained he would have to take the car, he had no driving licence , but not to worry as if there was any damage we would be covered by the hotel.We were not happy with this at all but eventually had to give him the keys and hope for the best. On entering the hotel it is a strange mix of old and new. Our room, which was supposed to be an upgraded room was small and the bathroom is integral with the sleeping area with only a glass panel door to separate you from your nearest and dearest doing their ablutions!. Beware of the Mini-Bar as it is computerised and as soon as a bottle is lifted from its sensored pressure pad a charge has been made to your account. We ate in the Homage grand salon on the first evening and had an excellent meal.For dessert we had French cheeses and were asked if we would like a Port to go with it. I said I would and when the bill came the Port had cost £16.50 for a tiny glass! As the majority of the meal was included in our package we wanted to pay cash for the remainder but were not allowed to as we were told it would be sorted out on our final bill. On having the bill this morning they added nearly £10 service charge. The Cavendish did not do this.Also we had Room Service yesterday and were charged £2.50 Tray charge. How else is Room Service delivered except on a tray!Please can hotels with five star accolades start insisting on five star dress in their restaurants. We had a couple on the next table to us both wearing scruffy jeans and with wet hair.Both myself and my husband had made a real effort and so had other diners and they let in such badly dressed people.The Waldorf should have been left a grand hotel and refurbished in that manner and I completely agree with the previous reviewer in saying the Homage salon looks ridiculous with loud , garish photographs covering the walls and original mirrored picture panels. Overall a nice stay but not worth the money and definitely not worth paying 3 times more than a stay at the Cavendish St.James.	
Dec 31 2006 	expensive but ideally located	This hotel was ideally located as we went to the Aldwych Theatre (right next door). The room was very small and view non existent (no wonder the windows were frosted and voile panels were hanging as well as curtains). Overall the room was comfortable and very clean with nice touches like bathroble/slippers, and turndown service, we came in after our night out to find mineral water and chocolates. However I did think for the money it was bit over priced. The breakfast (22 pounds each) was luke warm and not the best I have tasted, had to keep asking for coffee/toast etc. If I stayed here again wouldn't bother with breakfast as cafes just around corner from hotel that do bacon eggs etc for less than a fiver! On the plus side excellent Consierge very helpful and friendly, would come back again if seeing a show if only for location as long as I could get room cheaper and wouldn;t buy breakfast	
Dec 29 2006 	Really nice stay at the Waldorf Hilton	We stayed at the Waldorf in December for a birthday treat for my husband. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews, particularly with regards to the recent refurbishment (we had previously been for afternoon tea in the Palm Court and so had seen the hotel as it was prior to the refurbishment). Although the hotel has certainly lost some of its character, it has generally been modernised to a very high standard, I have to say that our standard bedroom on the 7th floor was very comfortable with everything provided that we could possibly have needed. The only real disappointments were the Homage Grand Salon restaurant, which is still lovely but someone has allowed what I hope is a temporary exhibition of modern photographs, which totally dominated and ruined the room completely ( the food in there was however very good, breakfast and dinner), and the afternoon tea. Because the Homage Patisserie, where tea is now served was full, we had to have ours in the hotel lobby. This is absolutely crazy, when the Palm Court which is still a very beautiful room is standing there completely empty. I cannot understand what the hotel management are thinking in not utilising this room more. While we were staying, there was a works Christmas do on in there one evening with a disco. It is a crying shame that this room is now being used for this purpose, there should be a band and people enjoying afternoon tea and dinner in the evening!Overall through we had a really nice stay in what is still a very nice hotel.	
Dec 10 2006 	Nice Communal areas reasonable staff average room...	Went to London for a lads weekendPaid £310 for the room for 2 nightsHotel is certainly striking, the lobby, bars and restaurants were very smart / cool.Bar prices were typical London - so no surprises thereI have read some adverse comments about the staff in previous reviews - but I found most of those I interacted with perfectly fine and very helpful.The Restaurants and menus looked very good - we didnt dine in the hotel (too many pubs in Soho to check out!)Dont think any of us had breakfast in the hotel as this was extortionately priced at £20+ I felt - there was a decent greasy spoon just around the corner on the periphery of Covent GardenMy only real disappointment was with the room - given the hotel is classed as 5 star I thought the room was very shabby - OK it had all the trappings of 5 star - Plasma TV, Mini Bar, Nice linen, decor etc., but there was damp on the walls and the paint on the ceiling, both in the bathroom and bedroom, was peeling.As for the shower - they certainly have water pressure issues shall we say!OK you might argue, given we didnt get in until 4am on Saturday morning and 5 am on the Sunday, it didnt really matter - but had spent over £300 for 2 nights (Room only)!!In short - decent comunal areas, staff OK, Breakfasts really steep and be very picky about your room	
Dec 8 2006 	One of London's top hotels	I stay at the Waldorf regularly, the most recent this week. I used to prefer the Savoy but I find the Waldorf has got better and better whilst the Savoy has if anything got worse.The rooms are innovative and a pleasure to arrive in. The location is excellent and the staff uniformly helpful. The whole hotel gives an impression of being superbly managed.The only thing to watch is that you can sometimes hear the traffic on front facing rooms on lower floors. If this worries you (it doesn't me) ask for a room higher up.	
Nov 30 2006 	"Bend over backwards" service	My spouse and I stayed here for 4 nights (11/17 - 11/21) and had an excellent experience. Arriving from the US at 10:30 a.m., the staff went out of their way to immediately ready our room. We used Hilton points and as Gold Honors members were upgraded to a large and comfortable suite on the 6th floor. The infamous bathroom door was heavily frosted glass and not visible from the bedroom area even if one could see through it - the bathroom itself was quite large and the towel warming rack was a plus as well as the trouser press in the closet (which was small). The American electrical outlet at the desk came in handy too.Use of the Executive Lounge - which included an ample continental breakfast daily as well as complimentary beer/wine/cocktails and food was a generous plus. The business center and LA Fitness health club on site were also a welcome amenity.Concierge services in the lobby and the Executive lounge were helpful every time we had a request. One even obtained excellent seats to Wicked on less than 24 hrs notice - without our paying an exorbitant broker fee. Every staff member we came in contact with was pleasant, helpful and seemed eager to please.The location was excellent - near many theatres - easy walking distance to multiple areas of interest and staff was always available to hail a cab if you were setting out for a longer journey.We feel we got an incredible value for our Hilton points - saving a minimum of $2000. US. I would gladly stay at this property again.	
Nov 28 2006 	Can't wait to return	I was a bit skeptical about my stay after reading some reviews which were not very flattering. My fears were misgiven as I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The location is very convenient. It is in the heart of the theatre district 5 minute walk to Covent Garden, perhaps 10 minutes to Soho and Trafalgar Square. There are 2 underground tube stops within easy walking distance of the hotel accessing the District and the Picadilly lines. Also bus stop is right outside the door.I booked room using Hilton points and was upgraded to an executive room. Very spacious, with king size bed and flatscreen TV and huge bathroom. There were two large closets and a large bureau, you couldn't fill the place with five large suitcases. Also a separate room between bed and bath with a desk and internet access. Some previous reviews have remarked poorly about the service. I encountered nothing but polite and cureous staff. Let me give you an example....Upon arrival in London, I went to an ATM machine to withdraw British Pounds since I had no local currency. My card would not work at that machine or two others I tried. I went to the concierge desk to see if my American bank had a branch in London (it did not). He offered to let me use the hotel's phone to make an international call to the U.S. After about 15 minutes on the phone with my bank, they were able to give my card clearance. Because I had not notified my bank that I would be using the card out of the country, it was placed on a fraud alert. The concerge did not need to let me use that phone, but that is the type of customer service which I encountered during my entire stay.I look forward to my next visit to this fine hotel.	
Nov 28 2006 	Wonderful Waldorf Weekend!	We stayed at The Waldorf 25th and 26th Nov 2006. We paid £299 for 2 nights in a Queen Hilton Room with breakfast both days and dinner included on the first night. We arrived on Sat at 1230 and I presented my Hilton H Honors card. The very nice check-in lady advised me that she had a lovely room for us. She said that check-in policy was 3pm. Although she could get me a room immediately, she said that she would rather give me the better room if I was prepared to check my bags and come back at 3. I said we would and thanked her. After hitting Regent Street, we returned at 4.45pm and the lady was no longer there. Instead, the guy who checked us in gave me the impression after 5 minutes of watching him tab through the computer in silence, that we were about to be stitched up. He told me that the earlier room was not available due to a &quot;maintenance issue.&quot; He gave us #126 and guarantee that it was nice.It was awful. Tiny, a tiled floor all around the bed and hall, a step up to an alcove which housed a sink and a small shower then a separate WC....get this-no bathtub in a 5 star hotel. The window looked out on a brick wall about 10 feet away. It was a smoking room and we don't smoke. The housekeeping staff told us that it was a small room usually kept for solo travellers. Forget it. We called and demanded a swap. That is the end of my moan. They gave us #529 which was the original room which had been kept for us. There were no apparent maintenance issues. The duty manager arrived within seconds and carried our bags to the new room. It was lovely. The decor was nice. The location was on the front looking over Aldwich and the BBC (even a slight sideways view of the London Eye). The bathroom and storage space were excellent. We had no complaints. We received a courtesy plate of chilled fruits from the manager which was a nice touch. Each day there was a courtesy copy of The Sunday Times or The Times hanging on our door.Homage restaurant was great for breakfast. We ate dinner there on our second night instead of the first. The staff didn't quibble about this at all. There were more staff than diners but that was a plus as we received first class treatment. We had blown the budget at a celebrity chef bistro the night before so we ate from the table d'hote menu which included salmon, duck, pasta and some nice desserts. A very high standard of presentation and quality. They did make the mistake of putting the meal on our bill but this took a ten second phone call to resolve. If you eat from the A La Carte menu you only get a £25 credit between you so it would be expensive. The food we saw arrive at nearby tables didn't apear to be of a higher quality. I guess it's just a limited choice on the Table d'hote. This hotel is beautiful and maintained to a high standard. It is in a great location with a 5 star leisure facility and good food. We stayed here when it was Le Meridien and there is no comparison.Just stand your ground when checking in and DO USE the Hilton H Honors card....it works.	
Nov 26 2006 	Great place	As a Hilton Diamond VIP I had a very good treatment in this hotel, booked a room for my points and get a upgrade to a very large room on the executive floor, friendly staff. Next time in march 2007 we go back to London and sure to the Waldorf Hilton.	
Nov 20 2006	Poor value for money	Didn't actually stay but went only for an afternoon high tea and was very disappointed with either the venue and the service. We were seated in the foyer which was draughty. Comfortable chairs, small little tables, you had to bend very low to pour your tea. Dismayed at the price: more than £20 for a sandwich cut in four and 2 scones. Had to continually ask for top up jam/butter. Staff apologetic but no much help. In the end, you are just paying for the name but don't get to see much of the hotel and very little food.	
Nov 20 2006 	Banish the bathroom blues.	We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for two nights from 17th to 19th November, 2006 and wanted to say what a good time we had.As stated in other reviews, the hotel is extremely modern and takes some getting used to if you're expecting Edwardian-style grandeur throughout as in the beautiful and famous Palm Court area of the hotel. The reception staff were pleasant and efficient, the evening meal included on the first night was well-presented and of a very good standard and the same can be said of the full breakfast included both mornings in our special Hilton Short Break deal.The rooms ( 133 and 136) were spacious, clean, ultra-modern and well-serviced. The only 'negative' comment is that more storage space is required if you're staying longer than a quick weekend break. And now for the bathrooms and the famous DOORS! In the rooms we had there was absolutely NO PROBLEM with the bathroom and you could not see anything at all through the doors so I really can't understand what the fuss is about.The location is fantastic with theatres, restaurants and shops just round the corner. You can walk down to the river in ten minutes and buses stop right outside the hotel. The nearest tube is Temple.I would rate the hotel 4 star plus plus and will certainly go back again. Ring Hilton directly and ask if they have any special breaks - ours cost about £185 per room per night including dinner on the first night and full breakfast on both mornings. Enjoy your stay!	
Oct 2 2006 	Give this overrated place a miss !	What a joke of a hotel, and its been refurbished??. Was checked in by the most miserable woman ever who asked me 3 times for my surname. Went up to the room, opened the door, laughed and came back down again. Told Mrs Happy that 'I dont do sleeping next to a wall' this room was unreal, bed was right up next to the wall, dark and gloomy and thankfully wasn't going to be mine, for 242 GBP per night. She happily (not) put me in another much bigger room, but still equally as grim. The varnish is all flaking and peeling off the bedside cabinets and desk, toilet leaking water, tile grouting all manky and orange and falling off around the bath/shower.Decided to simmer down and went to the mini bar and low and behold couldn't open the fridge door. Called room service and said 'not sure if i'm being thick but this fridge door wont open' to be told 'thats right, the system (system??) wont be working for 2 days. Great eh? It gets better...Noisy hotel, constant slamming of doors throughout the night in the corridors. Was woken up at 3am by a crowd of people, who I thought must be in my awful room with me, but thankfully they just decided to stand outside the door shouting at each other up and down the hallway.Miserable staff, truly miserable hotel......stay immediately next door at 'No.1 Aldwych' and give this old overpriced pit a BIG miss and dont be a mug like me and stay for 2 nights.	
Sep 21 2006 	they don't like you if you booked through an internet site	Just stayed one night and that was enough.Room was tiny, receptionist was aloof and cool.It was over priced but handy for the Euro star and the porters were very friendly and pointed us in the direction of a good pub with good food.Not worthy of 5 stars.M &amp; J. Dublin	
Sep 19 2006 	Wonderful Stay!	My mother and I stayed here for a week while in London. We absolutely loved it!! The room was very clean, with plenty of room. The service was outstanding!! We were treated like queens! The staff were friendly, and took care of our every whim. It was a truley memorible vacation, and we would definately stay here next time in London.	
Sep 18 2006	Greatly overpriced	Stayed at short notice, paying 327 pounds per night. Room large and comfortable but service poor. Staff appeared to be foreign students - well intentioned, but with indifferent English and seemingly limited training on the hotel's procedures.	
Sep 10 2006	A b'ROOM cupboard	This was our first visit to the Waldorf and we were so disappointed the room was so small that we couldn't both be in it when we were trying to pack as there was no space at all.After having read earlier posts it is possible that if we had complained we might have been moved to a larger room. The one that we had was approximately 9' x 11' (that is very generous measuring) plus the bathroom.The 'wardrobe' was 12 inches wide but in that space there was a wall mounted trouser press, ironing board and iron. We had to remove the ironing board just to give us space to hang our clothes. If you had brought any evening clothes it would have been impossible to hang as the wardrobe wasn't deep enough or high enough. Once emptied there was nowhere to store the case and other than the one in THE beside cabinet there were no drawers or shelves to store folded clothes or any other possessions.The bathroom was functional but the there was nowhere near to place anything such as shaving items or toothbrushes.The view out of the window was really depressing.Breakfast was £22 per person but we had this included in our booking. (Check your bill though as we were charged)On a positive note the staff were all very friendly and efficient and the location is absolutely fantastic.	
Sep 5 2006 	Great stay with wife and child	On my recent 4-night award stay with my pregnant wife and 4-year-old child, we found this hotelto be amazing. As you know it’s right in the theatre district, but I mean RIGHT THERE! Footloose was playing next door! Also, there's a bus stop in front of the hotel and a Tube stop not too far away.I received an upgrade to an executive room (Hhonors Diamond)on the 4th floor (with access to the executive lounge on the ground floor). The room was huge – King size bed, living area, flat screen TV, desk, a weird sculpture to hang your clothes on (you have to see it to believe it) and a huge bathroom. My wife was thrilled!The executive lounge had a nice spread for breakfast (smoked salmon, meats, cheeses, breads, pastries, fruit, cereals, juices, etc). Scones and the like for afternoon tea, then appetizers (some hot like mini egg-rolls, salmon rollettes, and rice balls) for early evening with plenty of liquors and beers. It was open until 11 PM, I believe. There was a pool/spa attached to the hotel, but we ended up not having time to use it. The concierges in the Executive Lounge were very nice and very helpful. Overall, in fact, the service in the hotel was outstanding! We were very happy with our stay here and the Hhonors benefits we received.	
Sep 1 2006 	Great location pleasant hotel	We stayed at the Waldorf for a two night break in August for £299 for two people including dinner on one night and breakfast both days. We considered this to be a good price for London. The hotel is not 5 star as advertised but qualifies as 4 star in my opinion. It does have a slight air of faded glory about it but this is only really a problem in the swimming pool area which is really dingy and unpleasant. The rest of the hotel has been modernised, perhaps not to everyone's taste but it is no worse than many other 4 star hotels and better than many. The room and bathroom were very clean and modern. The bedroom (709) was fairly small and not much storage space - but fine for a short break. Bed was very comfortable, bathroom quite spacious. You get bathrobes, slippers, turndown service, free mineral water. The breakfast was fantastic - I would not have wanted to pay £22 for it (that's a ridiculous price for any breakfast) but if you can get it as part of your deal it is one of the best hotel breakfasts I have had. Great choice of fresh cooked hot dishes (waffles with fruit particularly delicious) and a good fresh buffet too. The food was good at dinner too.The hotel location is absolutely fantastic, just around the corner from Covent Garden and loads of theatres. Walking distance to Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, the river. And loads of buses stop right outside the door to take you all over the rest of London. Despite what other reviews have said, we found the staff quite pleasant - but we didn't really make many demands of them.Overall I would be happy to stay there again for a similar rate.	
Aug 20 2006 	Comfortable Stay at the Waldorf Hilton	My husband and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton London for 6 nights in April/May 2006 and loved it. We booked our room through Hotwire (for only $110 per night!) and were a little nervous when we saw that it wasn't rated very highly on TripAdvisor.When we arrived in London at around 9am, we were told that since we booked through Hotwire, our request for 1 queen bed could not be fulfilled (since they were completely booked that night). They told us this after I had called the hotel twice in the months prior to our arrival just to make sure we would get a room with 1 queen bed! Instead we were given a room with 2 twin beds, which they had pushed together to make 1 bed. However, the staff did move us the next day to a larger room with a queen bed ... the second room was much more spacious and better laid out than the first room.PROS: Our room was very clean and well appointed, with very comfortable beds, and the bathroom was clean and spacious for European standards. Large flat screen TV's mounted on the wall were great. The staff was a little cold, but helpful overall. The hotel is in a great location ... about a 5-10 minute walk to the Temple tube station. There is also a bus stop right in front of the hotel. Covent Garden is within walking distance and has tons of wonderful shops and restaurants.CONS: There aren't many restaurants right around the hotel ... you have to walk about 15-20 minutes. Walls/doors are thin ... we could hear a man on his cell phone in the hall around 3 in the morning ... bring ear plugs!We will definitely stay here again next time we are in London!	
Aug 19 2006 	Oh Dear What A Grotty Time	A big mistake, the location is just fab, but thats about all.Hotel is worn and drab, changed rooms twice to try and find a clean and reasonably spacious one (Hilton HHonors Diamond member). One just looked dreadfully tatty and so very old. Another barely no room to walk around the bed. Fiannly a room on the top floor, no lift to get there, had to walk up one floor and about 30 stairs!!!This room had as I was told by the duty manager old plumbing, therefore the shower was over the bath, but did not drain for alomst 35 minutes, which mean the second person had to experience the residue soap and dirt from the 1st.Poor telephone responses, and the general appearance and attiude of the staff was a definate lack of interest, which was made worse once justifed complaints had been made.No hotel shop.Seems to be living on the very old and historical reputation of the hotel.Definately no a good Hilton.Would we return, no, not even using points for free stay.(P)	
Aug 18 2006 	Great Stay in London	My husband, daughter &amp; I stayed 4 nights at the Waldorf. It was very comfortable. Good bed &amp; linens. Roll away for our daughter was fine. The room was a corner room &amp; plenty big with a walk in closet &amp; flat screen TV &amp; desk. They do charge for Internet access. We were on the Executive floor which included breakfast. The location is great, just a short walk to Covent Garden &amp; many theatres. Busy bus stop out front. Staff very helpful getting cabs, making dinner reservations, maps, etc. Had dinner first night in hotel. Good meal. We were there during heat wave &amp; the AC worked fine but did cause a big puddle on the carpet which we soaked up with extra towels. The bathroom was fine but beware of water on the floor (there is only a ha;f glass door) &amp; the step out of the shower/tub is a big one! We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 15 2006 	We were very happy at the Waldorf	We booked the Waldorf at a great rate on Hotwire and were looking forward to an upscale business hotel. That's what we got and we were very happy. The king size bed and linens were impeccable, we liked the modern decor and the plasma television. The showerhead was rainfall-type set high on the wall with strong water pressure, and the tub was great for a soak after walking all day. A few tips - the frosted glass bathroom door is indeed opaque - you cannot see through it. However, the shade on the bathroom window goes up about 3/4 way, so the room cannot be totally darkened during the daytime. If that is important to you, be aware. The hairdryers are tucked inside the desk, which is a little difficult if you are trying to work on the desk or store your laptop there as you have to clear it to lift up the lid. The room size was adequate, certainly not the smallest we've stayed in, and the hotel staff was efficient and kind enough to check us in at 8 am as our plane from the US arrived quite early. All the public areas we saw were very clean and comfortable. Excellent location, with many take away shops and restaurants nearby. We very much enjoyed the Italian one just around the corner. We did not eat at the hotel, but did appreciate the complimentary bottled water, which was replaced during our stay.We would definitely stay here again and recommend to friends traveling solo or as a couple.	
Aug 14 2006 	Wonderful Waldorf	What a wonderful weekend my husband and I shared at this newly refurbished hotel.!!I would highly recommend the Waldorf - the bedrooms are opulent and yes they are modern - but they are tastefully designed. The open plan feel gives them an airy and light impression. We shared a deluxe room that gave us a wealth of space.The staff could not be more polite and helpful and unlike many of the other 5 star hotels have a warmth about their manner - you actually feel as though they care about how you are enjoying your stay. I found all the staff extremely friendly and helpful 11/10!!The visicnity of the hotel lends itself to an even more enjoyable stay as it is most central - with Covent Garden conveniently close and Charring Cross about a 10 minute walk and buss stops right outside (including the tour buses) this makes for all of London to be accessible outside of your hotel door.The restaurant food was equisite and yes the breakfast at £22 may appear steep however the hot food is all fresh - unlike many overated buffet style breakfasts!!All in all I would suggest that you try this hotel - if you want to feel special.Paula	
Aug 7 2006	'Classic' Waldorf was much better than 'Modern' Waldorf	In 2001, my husband and I stayed at the Waldorf (I believe it was a Meridian at that time) for our 10th wedding anniversary. It was so charming and decorated in an English style. Additionally, the food and service was great. In 2005, we were going to stay there again, however I saw the photos on the internet and the decor was too modern for my tastes. I wanted to feel as if I was in London so I booked a room at The Goring instead (it's a wonderful, traditional hotel).While in London, we decided to go to the Waldorf for a cocktail to reminisce. We could not believe what they had done to this hotel! It was modern, but done in such a cheap and tasteless manner. It was ridiculous to take a circa 1908 historical hotel with The Palm Court and try to make it modern. It was laughable to see a tea service placed on a table 6 inches from the ground with these huge modern chairs. You'd have to reach down to pick up your cup of tea! What were they thinking? We spoke with the staff and even they did not like the decor. They pushed on the check-in desk and it rocked back and forth because it was not secured to the ground. Shame on whoever cursed this once beautiful, charming hotel with cheap modernism.	
Aug 1 2006	Not worth half what it costs	As a Hilton Diamond VIP, I am very unsatisfied. The hotel is none too clean, as the walls look like they need a good wipe down. The room, while large and comfortable, was nothing exceptional. The fridge had only 2 bottles of mineral water. When I called room service for some ice I was told there was none in the hotel!!!! And this place costs about $500 a night! The service was lackluster at best. When I showed up at breakfast 10 minutes late with 2 hungry kids I was refused admittance. A situation in which a little flexibility would have been called for, especially at such an expensive hotel.I reccomend a Holiday inn Express or the Sheraton over this one.	
Jul 30 2006 	Waldorf Hilton is Rightfully Named	I really enjoyed my stay at the Hilton; the room was tastefully deocrated. The bathroom was not only exceptionally functinal with the deep tub and beautiful vanity, but also very clean..not to mention the beautiful frosted glass bathroom door. The dailiy in-room silver tea service was a nice touch. The staff was friendly and as helpful as could be expected--most of the staff are from other countries. I found the LA fitness center to be satisfactory. The food was exorbortly priced but we had the bed and breakfast pacakge. The dining service was exceptional and the food was simply delicious. The American wallfes are better than any waffles I have EVEr had in America. I am definatley staying there agian whenever I am in London.	
Jul 6 2006	A satisfied customer	I too was quite nervous about staying at the Waldorf after reading some of the reports on here, but I went ahead and can quite honestly say that the moans, groans and complaints are generally unfounded.The rooms are a perfectly adequate size for normally proportioned people, in fact, my standard double was quite a good size. The entire hotel was spotlessly clean and well maintained. The staff were efficient, very polite but never fussy or intrusive (if you're the type of guest that requires his/her bottom wiping by a porter, this is not the place for you. If you're normal, it's fine), the bed was comfortable and clean (something of a rarity in London).The bathroom door : Yes, it is glass. It's heavily frosted glass and despite my best efforts with various lighting combinations, I found it impossible to see through it, even in shadow. Sorry grumbly people, I did try my best for you. It does feel a little strange, but is perfectly proper and allows plenty of light to enter the room; quite a clever idea really. The water pressure is quite high, so take care when you use the wash basin or you may get a bit wetter than you expected.The sundries certainly looked very expensive. Telephone calls, breakfast, room service, film channels etc and are clearly aimed at those people who are daft enough to pay for them. These issues can easily be solved by using a mobile phone (there is an excellent signal) and buying your food in one of the many café's / restaurants in the area or from Tesco Express which is just across the road.Okay, if this hotel were outside London, it may have a 4* rating - it is a modern interior, they don't have door staff in red uniforms and they don't bow and scrape at every given opportunity, but if you're looking for a well situated, clean, comfortable hotel I think you'll be satisfied with the Waldorf.	
Jul 6 2006	Look before you leap and mind the gaps.	Looks pretty from the outside but wears poorly. The location is perfect for theatre goers (like me), convenient to several tube lines, gorgeous exterior, beautiful (but extremely small) rooms, jazzy lobby. But for the money? Goodness, stay away with children. This Hilton is ill-equipped for them. No children? Okay, expect confused staff and spotty service, a dingy fitness center, exorbitantly priced meals. (My ten-year-old niece had a now lengendary $44 belgian waffles sans fruit.)Perhaps worth a look if, and only if, you find deeply discounted rates and travel either single or with your honey.By the way, I'm not a complainer. This is the first mediocre review I've ever written for a hotel with Trip Advisor.	
Jun 26 2006	3 rooms with 6 happy poeple	I felt compelled to write a review of this hotel after reading so many that were not positive about it. I can't believe how controversial this hotel is. It seems most people either love it or are very disappointed by it. We ( 6 of us who stayed in 3 rooms) were all very happy and would stay there again in a minute. The staff was great and we loved the remodeled rooms. The complaints about the bathroom door are silly. No one can see in!!! I really felt special during my stay there, and trust me, I don't say that about too many places!	
Jun 21 2006	Wonderful!	I must say, I booked a weekend away at this hotel and after reading some of the reviews, was a little apprehensive. However, I am pleased to say that I came away extremely pleased with my stay and do not have one bad word to say about the hotel!Upon entering the hotel on my own (I was meeting a friend there) the concierge immediately hurried over to help me and carry my case up the short flight of stairs, showing me where to check in. I gave my details and was presented with two card keys for the room.The room was fantastic, we stayed in a Twin Deluxe Room. There were two beautifully made beds, each with a dressing gown and slippers pack on the end. The bathroom was exceptionally clean and tidy with plenty of nice thick towels and we also had stylish stainless steel tea and coffee making facilities with shortcake. We also had two bottles of mineral water in the fridge, which was very much appreciated! The air con worked perfectly, as did the TV. The BEST thing about the room though by far were the beds!! I have never slept so solidly in my life! You sink into them and cannot even feel the mattress - its like sleeping on a big fluffy cloud! Bliss!!Many people who have done reviews have commented on the 'frosted glass wall/door' to the bathroom. I want to confirm that although it is glass, you cannot see ANYTHING through it at all. I did not feel at all uncomfortable at any point and the door was around the corner from the main room anyway.The food at the hotel was also very nice. We had the meal included from the set menu on the Friday night and then continental breakfast both mornings. The staff were very friendly and polite our whole stay.If you're planning on staying at this hotel, please do not let the bad reviews put you off - I really don't get what half of these people are complaining about. Either they are exceptionally impossible to please or are lying!!	
Jun 11 2006	stay away for your own good.	where do i begin? i left a complaint form with the hotel themselves asking them to contact me asap to talk about my grievances and have only just received a reply, apologising for losing my form down the side of the managers desk! our stay was only 1 night but what a night! we were greeted by grumpy, surly staff ,refusing to take our bags into luggage store, ignoring us at check in for a number of minutes whilst staff rushed around taking care of a conference that was taking place. we were shown to our room eventually and when i complained instantly on arriving there that we would like to up-grade/pay for a larger more comfortable room, the staff member shrugged his shoulders and walked away. we rang down for directions to a restaurant and the incompetence we received in our conversation was unbelievable, 3 phonecalls later we were non the wiser of our destination. the receptionist said they would get back to us with our room change request(im still waiting 2 months later)at once. the room was crammped, smelly, dusty, dark and very un-inviting to say the least and the lack of a toilet door was more embarrassing than you can imagine when my partner developed a stomach bug and found frequent visits to the smallest room very necessary, very often! a passing staff member was neither sympathetic nor responsive. i could go on and on about the children running up and down the corridors at all hours(at one point their father joined in with the shouting and laughter). The hotel ignored our phonecalls to do something about it and we had a teriible sleep. we spoke to other guests and they were equally disappointed and dejected with their experience, or lack of an enjoyable one. there were many other little moans and groans that added up to a terrible time, space and the futility of reporting it here stops me from carrying on! The years of saving up my Amex points now seems a cruel ironic joke!	
Jun 1 2006 	Great Value and Service	I stayed here on the Easter break £99 per room. On my early arrival, the room wasn't ready, so the receptionist said she would telephone me on the mobile phone when the room was available. She duly phoned and on checking in there was a mix up between a twin and double room so very kindly, I was up graded to an Executive room on the 7th Floor. Had tea in the lounge with a business colleague which was a bit congested and dinner in the restaurnat which was adequate. The hotel staff very attentive and personally taken to the room on arrival. The staff certainly made me very welcome.This was a great deal but would have liked to have had breakfast included. Probably wouldn't pay full price but there is usually a deal. Great staff, very nice room and linens, plasma tv and great location too!	
May 31 2006	Good Location Fair Service Wouldn't pay for it.	We just got back from 6 nights at the Waldorf London. I am a Hilton Gold Member and paid for the stay using a voucher for 175,000 HHonors points. After spending a week at the hotel I think I would choose a different hotel next time, and I definitely would not pay the $400/ nt. that they charge.1) The location was great, you can walk to everything in covent garden all the restaurants/ shows/ pubs your could ever desire. It is about 4 blocks to the nearest tube stop.2) Our room was tiny. We were not given an upgrade as they were &quot;fully booked.&quot; So our room was about 12' by 10' and felt cramped. It was nicely renovated but too damn small. I was told that we were given the free breakfast at their restaurant because they couldn't upgrade us, but it appears all Gold members get that anyway. They also give Gold members free internet use in the business center. 3) Homage is way overpriced - even by london standards. 22 pounds per person for a continental breakfast, you do the math.4) High Tea in the Waldorf Palm Court - Forget it. Apparently this doesn't exist anymore and has been replaced with a lousy &quot;champagne bar.&quot; So much for the reservation that the concierge made for me...Overall it looks like they took a classic hotel and tried to make it over-modern. Everything is nice, but not what you might expect. I am not unhappy about our stay, but it not what I expected.	
May 26 2006	Covent Garden luxury	We know this hotel inspires strong opinions, but for us it was a delight for an overnight stay. It's in a fabulous central London location and has scads of amenities. We would stay here again without any second thoughts.	
May 9 2006	Just OK I guess....	Well, to start, my wife and I just returned from a 10 day trip to the UK. We stayed 5 nights at the Waldorf Hilton. The hotel itself if very centrally located, and was fantastic for access to Covent Garden and the theatre district. As well as the other sights in London. As far as the staff go they were great, but that was about the last time that I will use the term &quot;great&quot; for this hotel.First of all, the pictures on the website dont even compare to the actual rooms, but Im sure that almost all rooms vary on the inside. We were on the 6th floor and had a rear facing room with a view of heater vents, and roof tops and not to forget the pigeon netting! The beds were wonderful, very comfortable, almost too comfortable, as I didnt want to get out of it in the morning! The lobby was nice as well as the restaurant, even though we did not eat there.We stayed in a aparthotel in Scotland and it was much nicer than this self appointed 5 star establishment. I guess that if I was to rate it it would get a 3.5 star. It just didnt live up to the hype that I was expecting. But, the price that we got of 110 USD per night was about what I would expect to pay for this hotel on Hotwire, and I wouldnt pay full price to stay here regardless, there are better options for that kind of money.	
May 9 2006	Waldorf Hilton The Aldwych	Could not fault this hotel. We were greeted by a very warm welcome (an American) who was informative and helpful. There was a 12.5 m pool for use in the basement which was a bit of a chore to find.The room and bathroom were spacious, clean, comfortable, quiet and very modern. Great location in the Aldwych. Complimentary bottled water, tea/coffee and cookies. Only problem was the hairdryer was in the room rather than bathroom and daughter got annoyed when she was trying to sleep and I was trying to dry my hair.There is always a doorman on duty so basically we never needed to open the front door ourselves nor carry your own bags.	
May 1 2006	Quite Pleased	I recently returned from a 12-day stay at the Waldorf Hilton (exchanged Hilton Honors points). We have been going to London every year for 4 years, and have stayed at other Central London Hiltons and Thistles). I liked this hotel better than the Trafalgar Hilton and Thistles at Marble Arch and Piccadilly.I am a Diamond Honors member, and was upgraded to a Deluxe Room at checkin. This was a King sized room with a very large bathroom (separate tub and shower) on the 6th floor. The frosted bathroom door was right off the entry hall, and did not bother us at all. The bedroom was just fine - and not that different from European rooms. Hopefully, you're not going to spend that much time in the room. If you are sharing the room with a significant other, the bathroom should not cause a problem. If you are travelling with your kids/parents -- then more privacy might be appreciated. I travel a lot (70+ nights/year in hotels), and the Waldorf Hilton ranks well with other business/executive hotels in large cities. This is more a business class hotel than a posh traveller hotel. We had breakfast in the Executive Lounge every day (a very nice continental breakfast with salmon, meats, cheeses, pasteries, bread, fruit, etc). The Lounge is open until 10pm, and also has wine, coffee/tea, soda, beer, and cocktails in the afternoon -- as well as TV and papers from across Europe. The Lounge is for Honors members (and a welcome benefit). We did not eat in the Homage restaurant at all. We received 2 bottles of water in the minifridge each day, and there are several small markets (and a mini Tesco) within 2 blocks. For late night munchies (or if kids are with you), there is a Subway sandwich shop on Aldwych about 1 block away that is open until 11pm. We also kept a few instant soup (ramen, curry, etc) and added boiling water from the teakettle in the room.Hotel staff was generally very attentive -- maids came 2x a day (late morning and turndown service in the early evening). Used towels were exchanged at each visit, and the Crabtree/Evelyn toiletries were replaced as well. The concierge desk was not as informed about theatre/cultural events -- but the desk officer in the Executive Lounge was always very attentive (making dinner reservations, etc).Internet usage in the business center is very expensive (3 pds for 15 minutes), so use one of the cafes in the neighborhood (I used one that was 1 pound for 30 minutes to check email) just up the hill from the Lyceum. The gym at LA Fitness was fine (I just used the cardio and weights there -- did not take any of the classes). I had free access to the gym.The location is great. Temple (Circle/District) and Holborn (Piccadilly/Central) are 5-7 minutes walk. Covent Garden's tube stop is also close, but was always too crowded for my liking. Leicester Square was a 12 minute walk, and the National Theatre is a pleasant 15 minute walk across Waterloo Bridge. There are theatres on Alwych on both ends of the block, and the Lyceum (Lion King) and Drury Lane (Producers) are 2 blocks away. Many restaurants in the neighborhood, and some great bars/pubs not too far away either. We were very pleased to stay there for our 12 day trip. We'll be back in London next spring (and will likely try a new neighborhood -- maybe Kensington, maybe Green Park). This does not mean that the hotel was not to our liking -- we just want to explore new areas each time.	
Apr 29 2006	Great Location but Has its problems	My husband and I stayed here for four nights in early April. The location could not have been more perfect. It was just a short walk to Covent Garden and many good places to eat in the area as well as being in the middle of the theatre district.Having paid $100/night through Priceline it was a true bargain for that price. The room was very contemporary and it was clear that no expense was spared in remodeling the rooms. However, not much thought went into the bathroom arrangement. The bathroom was open to the main room with just glass doors on the shower and toilet room offering absolutely no privacy. When you stepped out of the shower (naked) you were in full view of the other occupants in the room not to mention it was easy to see a person sitting on the toilet.The bed was very soft and low to the ground. Having a bad back I was in misery with back and leg spasms until I found something to put under my back for support. I inquired about getting another room with a firmer bed but was told they were all the same and very high end beds. The management seemed surprised that I found the bed uncomfortable. Personally, I like the firm beds in Europe but this was not one of them.For all the millions that were put into the room remodels you would think that Hilton could spend a few hundred dollars on paint for the dingy hallways. I would probably not stay here again because of the soft beds but it was still an excellent deal at $100/night through Priceline.	
Apr 24 2006	great location	My husband and I enjoyed our recent stay at the Waldorf. We booked through hotwire and payed only about $100 US per night. For that price in central London we would've been happy no matter what the place looked like. I can understand some of the other reviews, if you payed $300 a night I would've wanted more. The location is fabulous, only a few minutes walk from a tube stop. However, we walked just about everywhere. It is only a few miles to most of the major sites. The room was on the small side. However, the bed was super comfortable and the shower was hot and powerful so that's all I need. The door everyone complains about did bother my husband a bit, but I thought it was fine.The staff was very attentive and we had a very positive experience. If you can get it for a good rate don't hesitate to stay here.	
Apr 23 2006	Disappointed Stay at Waldorf Hilton	I have recently stayed at the Waldorf Hilton London between April 15 and 18 under the Easter Promotion Rate of 99 Pounds per night for a Hilton Queen Room (Standard Room) including VAT. I had a very bad impression about this hotel, as when I arrived on April 15, there was no doorman helping me with the luggage. What I had to do was that, I have to brought in my suitcase by myself and climbed a few steps of staircase to reach the reception area. The reception area was very small and it was packed with guests when I checked in. As a Hilton HHonors Gold VIP member, I expected that I would be able check in right away, but unfortunately, there was no receptionist on duty at the Hilton HHonors Desk, and I had to queue up in the normal line for check-in. As a Hilton HHonors Gold VIP member, I was offered an upgrade to the Hilton Deluxe Queen Room on the 7th floor. My room was located at the end of the corridor, and had a walk-in closet. I pretty enjoyed the room and I liked its plasma television. However, I find the elevators at this hotel to be too small, and I had to queue up again for the elevators in order to get to my room. Hilton HHonors Gold VIP members are offered free English breakfast at the Homeage Restaurant. The service at the Homeage Restaurant was quite good and the staff there were quite friendly, and they brought in my dish of fried eggs pretty quickly. Overall, I think the Waldorf Hilton is still below average and further training to the staff, particularly to the reception staff deemed necessary to bring itself back to the 5-star standard.	
Apr 17 2006	Only good for location......nothing else	I have just returned from the waldorf and in all honesty i would not stay here again.On arrival we were told that we had no reservation?? After a 20 minute (embarrasing) dicussion they were very apologetic but basically ready to throw us out.At this point i was pretty humiliated and rang expedia, through which we booked. They told us that they didnt know what the problem was as the booking was confirmed....at this point we passed our mobile to the check in at the hotel, and as if by magic, they said there had been a misunderstanding and our room was eventually given!We didnt get an upgrade or even a free drink for the trouble and the room we were given was pretty poor (that added insult to injury).The room was really small, the view was terrible and the bath was designed for a very thin, vertically challenged individual. The maid burst in before we even got a chance to open the door and my other half was only in his under pants!! (once again quite embarressing)Im sorry but for £160 per night (room only) you expect something a little better.....i would only stay here again if the the rooms were ridiculously cheaper or every other hotel in that area was fully booked. ONE GOOD POINT.....THE LOCATION IS EXCELLENT FOR CERTAIN THEATERS!! (we saw the lion king and the hotel was around the corner)Last month a stayed in the sofitel st james, near piccadily circus, for the addition £10 at the price of £170 it was unbelievable!!!5 star from start to finish, the waldorf doesnt even come remotely close!! Only one complaint, our booking website did state that the parking was free but it wasnt, it was £40. websites fault though, not the hotel!	
Mar 30 2006	Location is perfect!	My wife and I just spent 4 nights in this hotel and found the stay and services very satisfying. After reading many of the reviews posted here, we were a bit concerned, but those worries proved to be without basis. While the rooms were very small(we didnt travel to London to stay in our room), they were nicely done with good beds and linens, and nice touches like, small fridge, flat screen TV, small safe, Electric tea kettle,towel warmer in the bathroom, and newspaper each morning. Storage was very limited as was closet space, but for our short stay, it was adequate. You cannot beat the location of this hotel if you are there for the theater. It is about 2 blocks from Covant Garden and in the midst of many restaurants and pubs. The rate we received through Hotwire made our stay even more enjoyable. We would certainly explore the possibility of staying here again when we return.	
Mar 28 2006	Horrible Experience Do Not Stay here	Let me start by saying, we love Hilton. My husband is a Diamond VIP which you can only achieve by staying 100+ nights a year and we stay at Hilton where ever we go. But this is the worst experience we have ever had.We stayed at the Waldorf for the last two nights of our honeymoon, and I really don't have anything good to say. The hotel is definitely not a 5 star. The executive lounge is a joke; the executive lounge attendant was on the phone with what sounded like a friend the entire 30 mins we were there. And only got off the phone to view a rat that was running around the room, which by the way, was just off the kitchen!On top of that, from the time we arrived, the toilet would not flush properly. We called and they came up to look at it and told us that this room was the only room in the hotel that had this problem, but never offered to move us…just expected us to deal with it.Now, I would like to add, that we are not snooty. We do however expect a certain level of service if we are spending over $500/night on a room at a hotel chain we stay at over 100 nights a year. The only thing positive I have to mention is the beds were nice. So if you expect anything more than a good bed, I do not/will not recommend this hotel for any reason.	
Mar 16 2006	Excellent Staff at The Waldorf	Excellent location in central London, only £10 in cab from Kings Cross, nearest Tube Station is Covent Garden-Piccadilly Line or Temple on District &amp; Circle Lines(both about 5-7 minute walk). The Hotel itself looks very grand from the outside, a little disappointing inside, as the foyer lacks the opulence of the grand exterior. Check-in was excellent, even though we were two hours early the very efficient receptionist had us checked in and up to our room in 5 minutes. The room was very good, very clean and smart, with large flat panel TV (but only 4 movies to choose from, not good)We booked a deluxe room to get an extra 10sq meter extra space, but this only seemed to consist of a bigger entranceway, the bedroom and bathroom were not discernably bigger, next time we would probably just take a standard room. Our package included dinner on the first night and breakfast each day. The dinner was very nice but only a small choice for those guests on the &quot;package deal&quot;, you learn on checkout that £50 is allowed for the dinner, this would be better if they told you at check-in so you could use that allowance against the normal bigger and better choice menu. The breakfast is excellent and everything is included, hot and cold, if you take full advantage you wont need to eat again until late afternoon! The room maid was excellent, she had our room cleaned and immaculate whilst we had breakfast and returned later in the day to turn down the bed. All of the staff were excellent, they were very attentive but not intrusive. We would certainly return and would recommend the Hotel.	
Mar 16 2006	Great location rooms very small even for the UK	The location of the hotel is SUPERB. Literally next to the hot theatre shows. On my visit, Fame was playing next door and the Producers half a block away. The hotel is nice. The door man opening the door was a nice touch. The front desk clerk was cool, but professional. Not the real smile and greet kind of person. The rooms,though, were tiny, even by European standards. I was in room 709. There´s no storage space such as drawers, and the minimalist design is nice to the eyes, but impractical for the traveler. The closet had hangers but thats it. No drawers. Also, the hotel could have given more than one trashbin in the room. The maid kept putting it under the desk, away from the center or central location. The in room kettle and free mineral water in the in room fridge is a nice touch. So is the roomy safe. The in room bathrobes and slippers were nice too. My husband really liked the towels.The bathroom itself was not a problem. The bathroom has no outlets to dry your hair so I had to do this in the bedroom. The bathroom also could have had some storage area to put your toiletries. Another reason for the lack of excellent is the scaffolds that were outside my window. The blinds were thin, so at 8:30 am I was shocked to see a man going up a lift on the scaffold. It was not too noisy but still abit unnerving. Also,the walls were thin. I was up late using the TV and I guess a bit too loud for my neighbor. His ¨BANG¨ on the wall told me to turn the TV lower.For what I paid on Hotwire I guess its a great bargain. Bus and metro near by, and theatreland literally at your door step!	
Mar 15 2006	Good but not the best...	I hate to say it but I was a bit disappointed by this hotel. The room was smaller than expected, and we had a view of an ugly rooftop with some heating/AC units. Electrical switches etc made one feel like a manual was needed.Thats not to say the place was aweful.. it wasnt. The room was clean (save the decorate pillow with an ugly mytery stain).. it was incredibly quiet.. and the bed was comfortable. Although the bathroom looked incredibly modern, and the frosted glass doors were a very nice touch... I soon realized how uncomfortable it was having my fiance hear every last noise I was making in there, and found myself wishing for a nice heavy wood door!The staff was nice, and even though they hadnt received our booking from our online travel agent (ugh!) they still gave us the room we were supposed to have even though they were completely booked without much hassle.We only had breakfast in the restaurant... and even though we were told a full English breakfast was included, we found that only the buffet was included and a full breakfast would cost us 22 pound (almost $40) each!!!Unfortunately we think we will try another hotel on our next visit to London.	
Feb 27 2006	Great (if you can get an upgrade)	Booked at Hotwire rate ($135 due to Valentines night) but still the best rate for the location on that night! Managed to get an upgrade to a Deluxe room due to Hilton Honors membership. The room had been upgraded &amp; was on 7th floor [better than floor 1 originally offered!].Room had a good view over the Southbank. Bathroom was very large. Hotel well located for an evening out in central london.Breakfast very expensive [GBP 50+ for 2!] but it was Valentines.However, wouldn't risk it without an upgrade.	
Feb 24 2006	not a good discount hotel	We booked this hotel on Hotwire (discount internet). In the US, they give you nice rooms on this website about 60% of the time. They certainly did not give us a &quot;nice&quot; hotel room this time in London.  I think this hotel was recently remodeled, by looking at photos on this website and in the hotel and by seeing the lobby. I believe the hotel is probably quite nice, but the room we got was not. It seemed to be one they had not entirely remodeled yet. We did have a flat screen TV and the modern light fixture and bedding, but everything else was still very old London. The carpet had some stains and the floor creeked. There were no luggage stands or dressers and the front desk said they were out. The furniture had chips and our view was of scaffolding on the street. I'm glad we didn't stay here right after our international flight, because the street work began promptly at 8:30am. The bathrooms bothered me the most. They certainly are in need of some change. Although clean, we did not have the new bathrooms seen in photos. They were old, had a bathtub, and very cumbersome in their design. I don't recommend the internet in the business center, which was a waste of money. A plus was that we dropped off a large suitcase before we took the Eurostar to Paris and they let us leave it there for 4 days. When we arrived at 1pm, they did not let us check-in as we requested non-smoking (and had confirmed it before hand), so we checked early that evening. The advantage to this hotel was the location. It is in the Covent Garden area and steps from great theatre and places to eat. I would certainly recommend staying in this area. It is very close to many tubes stations and things to see. There is a fairly cheap grocery store just 1/2 block away.  It is hard to say what the other rooms are like, but I'd only stay here if you booked full price. The lobby was nice and the banquet area looked quite nice too. Happy travels!	
Feb 13 2006	Comforable Room Good Location	The bed was comfortable and the room well appointed. The hotel is in a great location near the theaters. Cons: The hot water never got above luke-warm and the adjustable height shower head kept falling down and you had to hold up by hand to keep it from hitting you on the head. We got the room on hotwire for around $109 (US). Probably wouldn't have been as happy if we paid full price.	
Feb 6 2006	Great stay!	Loved this hotel! Stayed for a two night break and could have stayed longer.The staff were so friendly and helpful and the room itself, although small, was clean and well equipped. The glass door that bothered so many other reviewers didn't bother us at all and added to the design of the room. Breakfast was the best hotel breakfast I have ever had!!!	
Feb 2 2006	Another hellish night at the Hilton	I said to myself never another Hilton, however, when it was daughter's birthday we wnt to London and I thought reasonably priced interconnecting rooms, give it a go!! I should have thought twice when I rang four times prior to turning up to check the price and it went up four times, I then called to check the interconnecting rooms had been allocated and they confirmed it had and we had two double rooms which I accepted. When we arrived we had actually been given two twin interconnecting rooms, we were told to go out for our dinner as planned and it would be sorted on return, we arrived back and they gave us another 2 rooms again when we went up they were 2 interconnecting twins. I had to sit with my 4 year old in reception from 9pm until 10.15pm and was told there were no other rooms but they would give us 50% off the total cost. We went up to our room and the curtain in my daughter's room was hanging off so wouldnt black out, my shower door wouldnt shut and so flooded the bathroom and the air conditioning was broken so our room was freezing. We then checked out and they tried to overcharge us for tray fees and car parking, we asked the hotel manager to write and apologise for our nightmare stay and we are still waiting 3 months later. All in all another nightmare stay at yet another sub standard hilton.	
Jan 31 2006	Awful	I stayed there for a week and couldn't wait to leave. First, they had given away the room I was originally booked to stay in. I stayed in a small room, before moving into my suite which was hardly bigger than the small room. The heating didn't work, the ceiling leaked, and it was impossible to an iron sent up within 15 minutes . The staff were good at apologizing, but no one ever managed to get anything done in a reasonable amount of time. An absolutely dismal hotel given how much it cost per night.	
Jan 23 2006	Excellent Hotel fantastic Location!	This was the 5th stay at the Waldorf, and the 2nd review that I have posted. Once again, my experience at the Waldorf was faultless. I know what to expect and have never had a bad experience. However, the refurbishments have only recently been completed, and i have noticed a huge difference in the overall experience. The Hotel operations are more organised and professional, no more contractors walking the corridors and the staff more welcoming and courteous than ever. There were teething problems, but now i feel that everything fits together. I am a Gold VIP Honors member, and upon check in, was whicked upstairs to the executive lounge, was was opened recently. As you would expect in any other lounge, there are hot, cold and alcoholic drinks on hand, and completely un-obstrusive staff. At night, a great place to just sit, unwind and drink (if you like that sort of thing)!Executive rooms are large, designed well with large open plan bathrooms. The Plasma TV works well with the bed (why wouldnt it) and the decor is a mix of contempory fabrics with modern vibrant colours! A lot of people moan about the bathroom or toilet doors. Its frosted, nothing can be seen through the door while you are using the bathroom. But if people are that concerned about privacy, I guess they should book separate rooms! But its all down to personal taste, but when a hotel has a £32million refurb, you have to expect a little touch of modern. If you want a traditional 5* propert, stay at the Savoy or Ritz!The location of the hotel is fantastic, if you love Covent Gardern, this is the place to stay! To sum it all up, I love this hotel, generous size rooms, superb food in the Homage Grand Salon Rest. and very professional, courteous staff. Trust me, read the reviews and then experience it for yourself. If you got a few pounds spare, upgrade to an Executive room, its really worth it!	
Jan 23 2006	Great hotel but some very poor service!	I stayed at this hotel with my Mother in Law on a weekend trip to London to see a show. I am a Hilton Hhonors Gold Card holder and consequently we were upgraded to a deluxe room. The room was lovely - a cross between modern and traditional, recently refurbished and very clean. It was a reasonable size, but I did wonder how big a non-deluxe room would be as it couldn't have been much smaller without feeling small.The room had a flat-screen TV, black-out blind, duvets on the beds and Molton Brown toiletries. The bathroom had a frosted glass door which I know has caused concern with other reviewers, but honestly you could not see anything through it and it wasn't an issue for us at all. The bathroom was big and modern, although the shower was not very powerful.The only real criticism that I have of the hotel was some of the service. Check-in and concierge services were fantastic and the staff were friendly and efficient. The problems were with the bar and restaurant staff. We went to the Cocktail Bar before venturing out for our evening meal, and we were asked if we wanted a table. Looking around we could see that there were no tables free so we indicated to a space at the bar and said we would sit there. The waiter nodded and then proceeded to watch as we moved a very heavy bar stool into the gap so we could sit down. Only after we had moved it were we told that we couldn't sit in that space as it was needed by the waiters to serve drinks. We then left and went to the Champagne Bar instead, where there was a spare table. It took about ten minutes before we were acknowledged and then we had to place our order twice before it came.Things went from bad to worse the next morning. Breakfast is served until 10.30am and we turned up at the restaurant at 9.45am. The girl at the restaurant door was sorting through some bills and didn't even look up when we arrived. After waiting a good five minutes I eventually interrupted her and asked for a table. She looked bemused at us and said there were no tables and we'd have to wait in the bar. She noted our room number and pointed in the direction of the bar, but there was no apology for the fact that we'd have to wait. Eventually we were called through to the restaurant after a wait of thirty minutes and the food was fantastic - if you can get an inclusive rate then definitely go for it, but it is £22 a head otherwise!I would go back, but I'd allow more time for breakfast and probably wouldn't drink in the bars again.	
Jan 12 2006	Opportunity Missed	Stayed here for 2 nights in December for my wife's birthday. As I'm a Hilton Honours Diamond member, I used points and got upgraded to an exec room with lounge area. Nicely sized room, but badly laid out and the furnishings just did not work. Modern plasma TV and bed clashed with practically antique table and the chairs were very uncomfortable.The glass bathroom door that is much maligned in previous reviews was opaque and I couldn't see what the fuss was about. The bathroom itself was huge, but again the space was badly used.I should be out that the staff were unfailing friendly and helpful but a few more of them would have helped and the room service food was a disappointment.As has been said before it is a fantastic location and there is nothing really wrong with the hotel, but it could be so much better.	
Jan 10 2006	LOVELY	We stayed at The Waldorf Hotel for one night. We found the hotel very welcoming and the staff very polite, Our room was a lovely surprise very nicely decorated clean and comfortable, the bed was lovely..The room was not huge but had everything we needed, The bathroom was an adequate size too. We booked in for afternoon tea and this was a little dissapointing. We attened the leisure centre which was ok but the changing area was quite cold. Overall the Waldorf comes highly reccomended and we would definately stay there again but without having the afternoon tea.	
Dec 25 2005 	Great location disappointing hotel	The hotel has a great location for a walking tour of London and I would recommend it to tourists. It was disappointing compared with other hotels I have visited in the city while there on business, however.My room was very small considering the price paid. The room was so small that the light fixture in the middle of the room was inevitably bumped getting in and out of bed, transiting from desk to bathroom, etc. Mediocre dining facilities. The staff keeps the door open so one freezes sitting in the lobby in the morning waiting for the car service. Overpriced broadband service. The staff failed to send a fax for me timely. Overall - not satisfacory at all and I won't be staying there again.	
Dec 18 2005 	Great hotel badly managed	I am a frequent guest at Hilton hotels in both Europe and the USA as that is my companies hotel chain of choice. When in London, I normally stay at the Park Lane Hilton, but this time, I could not get a room there. I booked into the Waldorf. On arrival, I found that they did not have a reservation under my name. The reception clerk asked me &quot;are you sure it was this hotel you booked.&quot; Bearing in mind that the rate was a pre pay rate of £229 for an executive room Dinner bed and breakfast, I told her to look up my Credit card number, she told me that they don't keep card details. That is obviously rubbish. In the end, i got the office to e-mailt them the confrimation Hilton had sent me only 4 days previously. They then accepted that i had made a reservation and they had taken payment. Anyway, in the end i had to accept a downgrade to a Deluxe room, which was very good, although the chandalier is a little odd!! I was charged £100 as a goodwill gesture. The food in Homage the restaurant is outstanding and the staff are generally helpful.	
Dec 13 2005 	Glass bathroom doors!	I have stayed in this hotel many times in the last year due to it's central location. I prefer hotels with modern rooms but I think the Waldorf takes it a bit too far. I agree with another reviewer - the opaque bathroom doors are very disconcerting! My husband and I, on one occasion stayed in an Executive room on E floor that didn't even have bathroom walls. Showering was very risky, if anyone had opened the door to the corridor any passerby would have had rather a shock!! I also agree that the wardrobe space is far too small and although the lighting is very trendy it was too dark to read (windows in most rooms are generally very small with blinds to cover the ugly views). Also the lighting in the bathrooms is certainly not good for applying make up.Having said this I still prefer this hotel to many others. The foyer has great chairs to sit and watch the world go by. Staff seem friendly and helpful. The Molton Brown toiletries are actually worth using, and there is not any chintz in sight!The food in the restaurant was as pricey as was expected, although very good. But I found it to be rather stuffy and I felt it clashed with the rest of the hotel decor.	
Dec 13 2005	Not all heaven on earth.	I too am a Hilton Honors member. I used 120,000 points for three nights Nov 24-27, 2005. A front desk clerk gave away my deluxe room on the club floor to the person who raved in another Trip advisor review at being at the same hotel at the same time. I got stuck with the fifth floor, #515, facing a noisy court yard, with no dresser and we had to live out of a suitcase for 3 nights and 4 days. The bedroom area had carpeting over the several missing planks of wood in the floor, so you were always loosing your balance when walking in the middle of the room. If you walked near the edge of the room, there were nails sticking up through the carpeting. The bathroom was a nice size for Europe. The front desk says room #515 is a deluxe room. Two different housekeeping supervisors said it was a standard room. The desk in the room had a clock on it. If you wanted to use the hairdryer in the desk draw you had to unhook the clock from the wall, because that was the only socket that worked the dryer. Of course there were no batteries in the clock, so you were setting the clock at least once a day. The room had only one tiny chair to sit on while watching television or drinking coffee and so my wife or I had to sit on the desk chair.On arrival at 10:30AM, I found out that the front desk lost a message that was left for me (from a client) On the third day, still not able to find it, the desk clerk said, That maybe I wasn't the person who a message was left for.&quot; The concierge desk gave me the wrong bus number to take from Trafalgar Square to go the Tate Britain Museum. Hilton Honors gives a room for 40,000 points but no breakfast. Breakfast is 22 pounds extra per person. I'll have to think twice next time. When I returned back to New York, I sent an email and made several telephone calls to the Hilton Honors office which yielded a promise that the Manager would send me a letter offering me letter of apology. I asked for a full credit of the 120,000 points back into my Hilton Honors account. I am still waiting.My wife and I differ. She says some problems arose, I say it was a terrible stay for a Hilton. For a hotel that runs ads that say that they spent 30 million pounds ($54,000,000 US) I would like to know where they spent the money.	
Dec 4 2005	Great Stay Especially for Gold HHonors	Stayed three nights over T'giving '05. Full English Breakfast was included in their classy &quot;Homage&quot; dining room. The rooms are a little hip circa 2001 -- odd chandeliers, dark palette of colors. But the service, location, and amenities (high end soaps, daily paper, turndown) were top-notch. The executive floors (2-3) had access to a brand-new lounge that served terrific tea and scones, a first class bar and terrific coffee. Other than the blaring TV it was a classy and quiet place to unwind in busy Covent Garden. We also stayed at the Hilton Olympia on this trip but the Waldorf was leagues ahead. If you're cashing in Honors points, this is the one.	
Nov 23 2005 	A contented visit at the Waldorf Hilton	My visit to London for a business trip was at the Waldorf Hilton. The staff are courteous, the elevators are all working, and the rooms were neatly appointed. The room had a flat screen television, modern decor, comfortable bed, shower stall, bathrobe, and high-speed Internet access (with fee). The location was convenient in Convent Garden and very close to the many theatres spread throughout this area. The hotel also had complimentary access to the adjacent fitness facility. Although I did not dine at the hotel, the restaurant seemed typical of hotel restaurants - and a little pricey. I would recommend the Waldorf Hilton for business travelers and perhaps for the location, to tourists.	
Oct 9 2005	Doesn't deserve that much...	It is just overpriced and not like a 5 star hotel. There wasn't an elevator because of refurbishment and we was in 6th floor. It has a really nice dining room which is the only thing that was kept from le meridien . All other decorations are just odd to the place and building...	
Oct 4 2005 	Small but well appointed	My wife and I were booked into a Queen room. The bed was a small queen to be honest, not sure if there is a global standard measurement, but it was more like the old fashioned English double. The room was more like a single than a room for two - and overlooking the backyard maintanance area and aircon fans...so shut the curtains and pretended to be somewhere else. The bedding was good though, big pillows and duvet. Large flatscreen TV on wall - only complaint being that there were more international channels than English and the selection was poor. Lighting is quite trendy and eclectic, although no reading lights strangely. Bathroom is the most odd...the shower is great, with one of those multi-nozzle all over body functions, the sink was big and trendy too....but I do take issue to having opaque doors on toilets. I love my wife but take exception to being able to see eachother use the loo - no privacy really and quite awkward (not being prudish by the way...some things should be private in my opinion that's all). Wardrobe was tiny - large enough for an overnight bag, but stay more than one night and you'll struggle for any kind of storage space. Minibar was empty too.Basically it was like they found an old storage room with a window and using the best interior designer money can buy, they turned a tiny space into a room 'for two'. Not sure they were entirely successful to be honest. Aircon not very efficient neither and it was quite noisy at night with people closing their doors.Leisure club closed our weekend due to a flood (even the pool was closed ironically and annoyingly) so they offered to taxi people over to another health club for free...but can anyone really be bothered doing that - the point of using the pool in a hotel is that it's relaxing and you can run straight upstairs afterwards). Valet parking overnight would have cost around £40 which is a bit steep. Breakfast was okay too, but not the best I've ever had - although my hangover may bias my opinion. Staff though were very friendly - however a few requests had to be repeated. they willingly took my order for a newspaper in the morning and that never arrived...and the request at 9am to have my car brought around for 9.30 was also taken willingly, although no car at 9.35 led me to have to repeat my request again and finally received my keys at 9.55. Nice fittings, small room and not quite as smooth running as the place should be. Great location in London though and certainly not a bad hotel - quite trendy really.	
Sep 26 2005	Over priced! Small Rooms	Upon arrival I was impressed with the decor. The staff were very welcoming, although tended not to really listen to what yI was saying or explaining. The room on 6th floor was small. There was a fridge with 2 bottles of water but no other drinks. It would of been nice to have a bed which was not pushed up against the wall. Another great addition would of been complimentary bath robes-but no! The very small box of chocs &amp; small bottle of wine were a nice gesture but a bottle opener would of been even better. We did ring to ask for one but it never appeared. The breakfast was excellent but £22 per person it had to be! Drinks in the bar were far too pricey. On a positive note the hotel was in an excellent location &amp; staff were polite. The beds were comfy, &amp; the room tempature &amp; air con was great. I would not stay again.	
Sep 21 2005	Nothing special and overpriced. Stay somewhere else.	We booked a queen room beforehand with an agent. Checked in ok but when we entered our room on floor one, it was very disappointing, dark and drab. The curtains were drawn as the window was blocked with scaffolding, a typed letter was on the table to say the air conditioning was working, the bathroom was awful and we only had a double bed. We went down to reception with the copy email showing we should have a queen room and were told we had only paid for a double room even though it said queen ??!! If we wanted to change we would have to pay another £40! After some confrontation, we were finally offered another room on the sixth floor. It was much nicer and more welcoming, nice view, nice bathroom, working air conditioning and a queen bed.When we went out, the receptionist sarcasticly said &quot;Are you happy now?&quot;. With the new room, our stay was much better although nothing special. Have stayed at Radisson many times in London before, much cheaper and a million times better rooms and service.During the middle of the night the air conditioning broke, apparently in the whole hotel. Was very warm and stuffy (windows don't open) so restless night.Valet parking was quick £37 24 hours.Breakfast was very good although £22 each so try to get it included in your room tariff.Summary - Nothing special, stay somewhere else!	
Sep 21 2005	Comfortable beds!	Only overnighted at the Waldorf on 9/17/05, but we were so happy with the incredibly fluffy, comfortable bed and down comforter, especially after the lumpy bed in Paris and hard mattress in Rome. We were in room 808, a deluxe queen room, but thought it a bit small for the price, and it was quite a long walk from the elevator. I would recommend asking for a room close to the elevator in this hotel! Also, I do not recommend 8th floor; elevators only go to 7th floor and bags must be brought by bellmen on a separate elevator, which takes considerably longer for your bags to be delivered, and picked up for departure. Bathroom was fine, but agree with earlier reviews that it offers little privacy - it is not because of the frosted glass door to the bathroom itself, but because of the partial door to the tub/shower that is clear glass. Decor of hotel is minimalistic, modern, but very chic and nice. Breakfast pricey at 22 pounds per person, but absolutely excellent cold buffet - large selection, and the price includes one hot item made to order. Beautiful dining room, superb dining room host who did not hover, but made sure we lacked for nothing. The large meeting rooms were absolutely beautiful - great place for a wedding reception! Would definitely stay at the Waldorf again when in London for longer period of time.	
Sep 20 2005 	Good....Just....Good	The Waldorf Hilton is a Good Hotel. Not Great mind you....but just Good.The staff is friendly...and basically helpful. The rooms are alright...they are typical london hotel rooms. There is not a sense of luxury in this hotel...nor is it warm at all. It feels like what it is...a corporate hotel. It's OK. Don't get me wrong...there aren't really any problems here....it's just that I think for your money...you could do better at a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel and get more for your hard earned pounds.	
Sep 10 2005 	Perfect blend of comfort and style	After having stayed in the chic and popular One Aldwych the week before, I was initially disappointed to have to move to a hotel that looked somewhat aged and stodgy on the outside.After four nights here, I found that I actually preferred it.From the outside, this hotel is imposing and impressive, but looks like one of London's classic and older large hotels. Once inside the front lobby, you're not sure what to think -- there's a nice seating area as you walk in immediately, but the check in area looks pretty basic and unimpressive. The hotel appears to be undergoing some current renovations, and I got the sense that the style of the lobby area hasn't quite been worked out yet.But it's the rooms that are the reason to stay here. Rooms are very handsome and sleek, with a hanging flat screen TV, big fluffy and cozy bed, and a really fun bathroom with a great shower, kettle drum-shaped sink, and a large frosted glass door. The room was very comfortable and homey, while having more than a touch of cool.The other public spaces in the hotel - namely the grand staircase beyond the lobby, the restaurant &amp; patisserie and the amazing (LA Fitness) gym - were spot on, and made you feel like you were in something of an important place.As I noted, there were doing some renovations and painting when I was there - which took away from the experience some. This renovation included a new elevator, which is definitely a good thing, as the ones I took were incredibly slow.I love the location in that it's in Covent Garden, roughly a 4 minute walk from the market area, and 15 from Soho center - so there's a ton of restaurants, pubs and shops around. But it's also on a relatively quiet street, around a few corners from the heart of the action.All told, I was really pleasantly surprised by this hotel, and given the blend between style and comfort, I highly recommend it.	
Sep 7 2005	Dingy room Slightly Over-attentive Staff!	My Boyfriend and i stayed at the Waldorf in mid August for my 18th birthday. After admiring the Hotel's lovely decor, we got checked in - to the wrong room! after banging on the door and trying our keycards numerous times we realised there was somebody already occupying the room, and went to question reception about it. the staff gave us a new keycard (for the correct room) and were very apologetic - perhaps too much, as we received quite a few apologetic phone calls from reception regarding the situation as we were settling into our room, which we found slightly unnecessary &amp; annoying. The Room itself was rather small and dull with a tatty carpet. (strange, as i had heard it had been recently renovated) The curtains were also closed as we initially entered the room, and when i opened them to find out why they were closed, unsightly scaffolding and a friendly builder were there to greet me! the view didn't really bother me, but it is unfortunate when you have to leave the curtains closed, causing the room to be even dingier. over all though, the room was quite clean, and the bathroom was the most spacious i've seen in a hotel, and nicely decorated. Upon checking out of our room, i realised we had been charged £32 for valet parking - this was most perculiar, as neither of us drive, but the reception staff sorted it out without too much fussing. in conclusion, The Waldorf is an average Hotel with friendly staff (if a little too much!) and a pleasant enough atmosphere. however i was greatly disappointed with the room, as it is nothing like you see in the pictures on the website. although i enjoyed my stay at the Waldorf, i doubt i will return.	
Sep 7 2005	Nice choice but beware of the bathrooms	We stayed at this hotel for four nights in early July and were happy. We were assigned the Waldorf by Priceline, which secured the room for $125. This was a steal, but being that there were three of us in a room and only one bed, we had to upgrade to a larger room that would accomodate a cot. The hotel was more than willing to do this for us for an additional cost, which was not too high. The hotel is deceiving, it looks larger in pictures and from the outside, but it has a small, yet comfortable lobby, with sort of an odd look to it. The staff is very pleasant, the bellhops are a bit overzealous, but perhaps that is better. We stayed in two different rooms- one earlier in the vacation and one after we returned from Paris. The first room was on the top floor with a nice view of the city. It was a large room, comfortably furnished and a large bathroom. The second room was not as nice- it was small and a little too modern to be comfortable. The frosted glass door in the bathroom did not provide much privacy. Not to mention the door was right off of the sink and shower area which were completely open and the door had a gap between it and the wall. If you are modest, you might want to skip this hotel or at least ask to see another room. Lastly, the fire alarm did go off one night at 1am and we had to evacuate, but they were apologetic to everyone, and that can happen anywhere. The location is excellent and again, the staff was very cheerful, like many of the people we met in the UK. The hotel was very clean and the hallways and common areas were immaculate. It is not worth the rate on the Hilton website though.	
Aug 11 2005	Loved the Waldorf Hilton	The minute my family and I stepped infront of the Waldorf, we were impressed. We were greeted by the doorman, who was very frendly and he grabbed all ten of our bags and delivered them to our rooms. The rooms are a little small but each room has a plasma T.V. in it. We had a Queen sized bed, which seemed big enough to have been a king. THe bathrooms are nto as bad as everyone has said. The door to the bathroom is not see through, but the shower door is. We had breakfast everyday at the hotel, it is a little pricey, but the hot food is very good and our waiter was excellent. The only things that we had a problem with were the elevators, they are very slow and very unpredictable. They are in the process of installing new ones. One other thing is that there is not a pool at the hotel. The pool is located in the L.A. Fitness center that is in the hotel. It is not a family swimming pool, it is an exercise pool. Above all that we had a wonderful stay at this hotel and would recomend it to everyone we know.	
Aug 11 2005	Great Location Friendliest Staff Overall recommended	Stayed here for 6 nights the 1st week of August 05. It was a reward stay using Hilton Honors points. Got upgraded to a deluxe plus mini-suite due to Gold Hilton card. Room and bathroom were huge by European standards. Bed and bedding were wonderfully comfortable. All rooms have US electrical outlets (1 in bathroom and one near the desk), safe and mini-fridge. Two free bottles of water each day was an excellent touch. My wife loved the robes and slippers. Business center had Internet access which was extremely helpful. Still only 1 elevator in operation, but we only found ourselves waiting on a few occasions. Air conditioning &amp; fan could have pushed some more air, but all the windows opened easily, but be warned, they are putting scaffolding up in the interior perimeter of the building so expect construction noise. We experienced it only on our first day when we tried to get a nap the afternoon after arriving on a red-eye. We did not hear any other construction noise in the mornings or evenings, and we got a late start a few mornings.This hotel has a gorgeous interior and the location is absolutely fantastic. We had considered the Green Park Hilton and do not regret our choice. Steps from Covent Garden shops &amp; restaurants and most bus stops are within a very short distance. We found this to be the best mode of travel since the Temple Tube stop is a short walk and the Covent Garden station was closed due to the bombings. Lots of nice pubs nearby (recommend The George on the Strand and Edgar Wallace on Essex St). The staff here was truly fantastic, the best I've ever encountered and I plan on writing Hilton to tell them so. Only negative I had was the water pressure for the rain style showerheads was insufficient for these huge showerheads and you had to practically nick your shins on the tub spout because you had to get real close to get to the water. I would absolutely stay here again without the least bit of hesitation.	
Jul 29 2005	Paid way to much for what we got...	My husband and booked this hotel for the last night of a 15 day trip through England and France (yup, we watched Lance take it for the 7th time!). We had been staying in moderate 3 star hotels throughout our trip so we booked the Waldorf as a final treat for the end of the trip, and to pamper ourselves slightly after cramped rooms and just-OK accomodations. Upon entering the room we were immediately impressed - the room is spacious, has a large flat screen TV, very modern touches, a leather day bed in addition to an very comfy queen side bed...we were initially very pleased. After taking the Eurostar back from Paris I was in need of a shower and excited to use the frosted-glass stall with multiple heads on the shower. I was impressed with the door, which seemed to seal behind me, so i assumed leakage would not be in issue...however the drain seemed to back up partway through the shower (which took longer then usual with the dismal water pressure). I noticed the water was not almost covering my feet, so I decided to open the door to tell my huband to call the front desk...When I opened the shower door the water freely poured out onto the entire bathroom floor and into the main room. Disasterous! We called the front desk to explain what happened and waited for cleaning and maintenance to come by. Thirty minutes passed with no assistance. We called again, and they questioned what the hurry was, and we explained how the floor was completely soaked, and the shower unusable. Another 15 minutes passed before the maintenance worker came. He had to call cleaning, as they had not been informed by reception. Eager not to let this dampen our trip we called the concierge and asked him to book some theatre tickets for us. He said it would be no issue and would call back shortly. He never bothered to.When leaving the next day my husband and I stepped out of the elevator stil debating if we'd leave for Heathrow a bit early, or grab lunch in Covent Garden and store our luggage for an hour or so. While in the lobby discussing it, one of the staff members came and tried to take the luggage away from me. I explained to him we weren't sure if it was necessary and to give us a moment to discuss. He said he wanted to store it while we thought about it. I said it was fine to leave it with me, and he practically forced the handle out of my hand and took my suitcase, came quickly back with a luggage tag, and waited for a tip (which I did not provide).When we finally left for Heathrow another hotel staffer again tried to wrestle us for our luggage to put into a cab. Again it seemed to be out of desperation for a tip. He noted our displeasure with his agressive behavior and quickly offered us some travel advice. He said that to take a cab to Paddington station and then to take the Heathrow Express would be approx 40 quid, but he could arrange for the taxi to take us direct to Heathrow for 45 flat. We thought this would be great and gave him a nice tip for the help. When we got to the airport our cabby charged is 58 quid, and told us the Waldorf bellhop had arranged no such flat rate. Whether or not we were taken by the cabby, or treated spitefully by the guy at the Waldorf I don't know...but either way the overall service from this hotel was so terrible I'd advise others to look elsewhere for a hotel...given the price there are far better options where service is more of a priority.	
Jun 1 2005	exceeded my high expectations	I stayed here for three nights May 28-31, 2005 via Priceline. This hotel is a steal if you can get it! It is a true 5 star property with beautifully furnished comtemporary rooms, a great location and a helpful and refined staff. Although my room was small and had a strange layout, it was very comfortable and attractive. The bed was heavenly, as were the linens and pillows. Nice robes were provided although we had to call to request a second one. The plasma TVis a nice touch and has 4 radio stations as well and a farily good selection of channels. The lighting is the room is confusing with many switches, but it gives many great lighting options! The bathroom was vey large and modern with frosted glass door, yet totally private. The over-large shower head had decnent water pressure. The bathroom ammenties are high class and lovely.The only criticism was that there was no storage for clothes in the room other than the small closet with about 6 hangers. There was no dresser or wardrobe, so we had to stuff our clothers in the night tables and on top of the closet.There is complimentary use of the downstairs LA Fitness Health Club and pool, it is small but better than most hotel gyms although the hours on weekends could be longer. There was free internet access in the business center which was a wonderful bonus! The location of the hotel is fabulous, right near all the theater and restaurants of the West End yet on a fairly calm street. Skip the tube and the congested Covent Garden tube station and make use of the buses, they are great and just as quick plus you get to sightsee on the way. I definitely look forward to returning to the Waldforf Hilton again!	
Jun 1 2005	Did not want to leave	I stayed at this hotel with a friend for two nights from 30th and 31st of March. From the moment we entered the lobby, the doorman grabbed our bags and whisked them away to have them sent up to our rooms. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. We had two different sized rooms, but with the same modern style. The bed was huge and on the first morning it took my friend an hour of persistance (calling my room, banging on my door, etc) to get me out of bed. To be quite honest, I enjoyed laying there with a plasma tv in front the bed. I was a bit wary about the bathrooms, prior to reading other reviews. But the frosted doors presented no problems, and was in fact quite nice. Also good water pressure. My friends room was the same but absolutley huge, with both our rooms being provided with bottles of water every day. Also, there are two electronic buttons by the door, one letting others know not to disturb you and the other to let housekeeping know to clean your room, which was fantastic, my room was a complete mess and the maid arranged everthing for me. A turndown service is also provided. The lobby area is nice, with comfortable chairs and sofas, but it looks weird because they have tried to mix old and new together, but the style does not quite go together. The bar and cafe area are nice, but food and drink on the very steep side of expensive. Breakfast is served in the lovely dining room, and hot food is served to your table, unlike other Hiltons where you have to serve yourself the hot food. The swimming pool is really nice aswell, but you do have to pass an ugly fitness centre first. The location is great, with a bus stop directly outside the hotel. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone, as there are featres which appeal to all age groups.	
May 31 2005	Great staff bad owners	Had a 2 night stay over the bank holiday period with my children in a separate room to me and my partner. Have to say that the modern style within is fine in my opinion, although may be a more exuberant entrance hall would have been better.The two rooms we had were good albeit ours was rather dark with a view of the aircon system as its main feature. Plasma tv's might look modern but the picture is very poor and certainly shouldn't command a room premium.As previous members have stated only 1 robe in the room and this was never put away by the maid; on our return it wouldstill be on a chair or worse stuffed beside a cabinet.The best thing about our stay was the staff, all were consistently good with one particular member of staff showing that bit extra.More like a 4 star than 5 star I would conclude, probably as a result of the owners;ys the in room literature was exactly the same as The Hilton Croydon!	
May 29 2005	Comfort at the Waldorf Hilton	I got this hotel for $105/nt on Priceline and wasn't expecting too much since I had read both positive and negative reviews. To my relief the hotel was much better than expected. The lobby was modern and simple but nothing special. Receptionist was very friendly and made no mention of Priceline. Room was decent sized with modern furnishings including large flat screen tv. Beds were very comfortable with soft linens. Coffee, tea, hot chocolate, bottled water and shortbread cookies were provided for free. No clock in room. Bathroom was very nice with floating sink, big shower and plush towels with warming rack. Molten Brown shampoo, body gel, lotion and soap.Breafast was expensive at the hotel so we went next door and grabbed coffee, pastries and fresh fruit for under 10 pounds for 2 people. Location was very good within walking distance to Leicester Square, Covent Garden, the Strand, and many other attractions.If I had paid retail for the room I might have only rated it a 4 due to dingy carpet in hallways and doors slamming shut in the AM. But for $105/nt we were very pleased.	
May 26 2005	Posh digs in heart of Theatre District.	Very classy, stylish, contemporary lobby and room. We were upgraded to a suite which was HUGE even for American standards. Very pleased with the room, amenities, bath, view, top of the line bed linens, no complaints. Breakfast buffet served in a beautiful historic marble ballroom; service was attentive, but food definitely needs some improvement. Ours was complimentary, but if we had paid the $22 USD I would have been furious. Hotel located just steps from Covent Garden, Tube stop, great pubs, theatre district, fabulous shops and stores, and within walking distance to Picadilly Sq. and the Soho gay district. When guidebooks tell you the pubs close at 11:30 pm., believe them. By midnight even on a Saturday night this area is deserted! Would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
May 22 2005 	Very Nice	This was my second stay at the Waldorf Hilton, both via Priceline. The first was in Oct 2004. So - so room with Really Squeaky Floors. So Squeaky that it became a joke. Great bed, linens, bathroom and lots of water pressure. Tea service, robes, safe, plasma TV. All in all a very nice stay. At that time they had only 1 elevator operating and construction in the lobby and there were waits.This April 2005 things were better. Three elevators, so no waiting. Room toward the back with no squeaks. Again, really great bed and linens. Good bathroom, et al. It was a little bit more of a walk to the room from the elevator, but a nicer stay.Staff was helpful and friendly. They had their systems down when I checked in so we had to be escorted to the rooms as they couldn't issue electronic keys until the system came back up. Concierge and bell service are excellent. The location is hard to beat. Restaurants and theatre everywhere. For working in the &quot;square mile&quot; the #15 bus stops at the front door and takes you right to the city. No need to walk to the tube or to stand in the rain.They only criticism I have is the lobby. It needs some redo. Way way too contemporary for the hotel.	
May 18 2005 	smart stay	Had read previous reviews of frosted glass bathrooms &amp; was pleasantly surprised. The glass door was nowhere near as bad as earlier review suggested: the bathroom was large, had both bath and shower and the toilet was well hidden !! The glass door was far better fitting that many wooden ones in other London hotels so don't get hung up about it or let this deter you from staying in this excellent hotel. It's convenient for lots of places we wanted to go - Royal Festival Hall 10 mins walk via Waterloo Bridge, Trafalgar Square 10 mins via Strand, Covent Garden 5 minutes, some of theatres &amp; opera only 2-3 minutes !! The room was well equipped &amp; the most spacious we've had in London hotesl for a while (even the Howard). We liked the 7 th floor room with oval window overlooking rooftops. Plasma screen TV good but shame the £38 million refit couldn't have included a CD player and DVDs.Staff very helful, car parking not bad value for London at £37 for the weekend and housekeeping staff happy to provide that extra elusive bathrobe at the press on a phone button !! Molton Brown goodies great. Restaurant was very good for breakfast with wide choice and excellent service from cheerful and very courteous staff. Evening dinner in restaurant a pleasant experience for chain hotel food. The modern style in traditional setting was attractive. There was no clarification about very brief set menu with limted choice on offer for &quot;inclusive&quot; package and if we could &quot;upgrade&quot; to the a la carte. In agreement with reference to wine being on the pricey side for what it was. Had a disappointing portuguese reserva which should have been better for the price of £27:00. Very good value for prime London location - we will defintely return - as long as the price is right !!	
Apr 29 2005	Not quite up to snuff	What was great:1. excellent bed and linens (both bed and bath)2. a fridge and microwave in the room3. the location is fabulous, bus line 11 stops right in front and the tube is just minutes away. Hotel is located between two theatres, near Covent Garden.4. room size was fine, not large nor were there separate sitting areas or hallways in my room (723)5. good sized bathroom with plenty of towels but the only Moulton Brown amenity was soap. What was not:1. I arrived at 1130 and was told there were no rooms available. I was given a key to the fitness center so I could go freshen up. The fitness center is well equipped with machines and offers classes, but the experience is dominated by extremely loud rap music which cannot be escaped. I also found the area not particularly clean. I returned to the lobby and sat there for two hours. I observed many people being checked in to rooms while I waited but was told two more times there were no rooms available. I realize checkin time was 1400 so I was not entitled to a room, but I wish they had not so obviously lied to me about availablity.2. I did not find the staff particularly friendly or helpful.3. Housekeeping was very hit or miss. On one day the robe was left piled behind a chair on the floor. The next day it was removed from the room and I had to call for a new one to be delivered. The complimentary water was not replenished unless I left a note or called the front desk. On my first morning (after the transatlantic flight) I received a wake up call (unsolicited) at 0600. There was no turn down service until the last night, when I had gone to bed because of an early flight the next morning, and they arrived unsolicited to inquire if I wanted anything.	
Apr 11 2005	Very Nice Hotel near Covent Garden	I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for 6 nights the last week of March 2005. I used Hilton Points for the stay, being a Diamond member I think I received a better than average room. You walked in and there was a sitting room with a chair a sleeper loveseat and a plasma TV. The bedroom contained a king bed and another Plasma TV. Both rooms had very modern identical chandliers. The bathroom was very large, it had a frosted glass door but was reached by a short L shaped hallway, so there was complete privacy. The room contained a safe and small refrigrator (water was only replenished once during the 6 day stay) and there was tea and biscuits in the room. There is no ice machines but room service will very promptly deliver it to the room.The staff was very nice during our stay and we were able to check in early at 10am. The hotel is in the very final stages of a remodeling. There are 2 small elevators and a sign saying a 3rd is on the way. I saw some people working on a light fixture above the check-in desk but otherwise it appears to be nearly complete.The restuarant is beautiful. Had most breakfasts and one dinner there. Breakfast was a very nice buffet and a choice of hot selections delivered to the table. I got breakfast free for being a Diamond member. At 20 pounds a person I think it is very expensive even by London standards. I had a nice 3 course dinner in the restuarant for about 18 pounds. The location is very nice. It is about a 6 minute walk to the Covent Garden station (very busy at times) and another 5 minutes to Leicester Square.The hotel is in the middle of the block with a theatre at each end, with The Rat Pack and Fame currently playing. A bus stop is right in from of the hotel.	
Mar 30 2005	Poor Service	Stayed for one night in March 2005. Rooms were too modern for my taste with no separate bathroom (but that's my opinion and not a reflection of the hotel). Even though we booked a double for two people the room was only made up for one i.e. one bathrobe, set of toiletries, no complementary water etc. Asked the front desk for some tea bags (only one in room!) and coffee was sent up. Had to ask again for tea.Bar is very small and so we had (very expensive even for London standards) drinks in the Lobby bar which lacked atmosphere.Staff were cold and not helpful.This was a 3 star experience in a 5 star hotel. There are much better 5 star hotel experiences in London: Try the Langham, Renaissance Chancery Court, the Lanesborough etc, you'll get far better value for money.	
Mar 29 2005	Nice but not perfect	We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton over the Easter weekend, 2005. The location is excellent - close to some of the West End's best shows, and with reasonable public transport connections. Staff was very friendly - almost too helpful.Room was a good size, based on previous London hotel experience. We stayed up on the seventh floor at the back of the hotel, and things were quiet, except the floor boards. Money had been spent on installing a new floor by the door, and leading into the bathroom, but the rest of the floor creaked. The fridge had complimentary water, but the fridge didn't actually work. The bathroom looked very impressive, but the water pressure didn't do the shower justice, and the bathroom door was unusual. The only other hotel where I've had a frosted glass door used white noise to cancel the sounds from the bathroom, unfortunately not the Waldorf.One major letdown was the homeless person asking for money in the lobby. This was dealt with swiftly when pointed out to the concierge.	
Mar 23 2005	Very nice!	Very nice hotel. The rooms are lovely. Excellent location within the theatre district and walking distance of Trafulgar, Leicester Square and Covent Garden.Would recommend to anyone. The only draw back was the check in lady messed up our check in and spoke at 1000mph!!	
Mar 13 2005	Great deal and great hotel	The Waldorf underwent a £24 million renovation in summer of 2004. We stayed there in March 05 for 3 nights. We were speechless when we entered our room (#242). We were greeted by a ?sculpture/coat rack object just inside our door. The room was huge for being in central London. It has a large work desk, complete with nice touches such as US &amp; Europe electrical outlets and US cable port (for computers). The bathroom is a frosted-glass bathroom. There is also a heated towel rack as well. Bathroom amenities are provided by Molton Brown. Bedroom has a wall-mounted flat screen TV. Other amenities include bathrobe, slippers, hairdryer, safe, iron &amp; ironing board, free in-room coffee/tea and bottled water, and evening turndown service.Our room has no view, but it did not matter to us. The room was very quiet. We had absolutely no complaints at all about this hotel.	
Mar 8 2005	Great Value!	We got this hotel for only 50 GBP a night. What a great deal! We book this through priceline. We stayed here from March 4-6, 2005. The hotel has a very modern atmosphere. I think the renovations were complete except for an elevator. The room we stayed in was small but was new and clean. The bathroom had a frosted door but it still gave the person inside privacy. There was a reviewer that mentioned something about the flushing of the toilet that took so long. There's nothing wrong with the flushing, you just need to flush it hard. Overall, we were quite satisfied with the hotel. It's walking distance to a lot of restaurants, theaters, and stores. The tube stop is a 5 minute walk and the bus stop is just outside the lobby of the hotel.	
Mar 1 2005	Good hotel but not five star	We stayed there for a weekend in Feb 2005. Brilliant location near the strand. Staff v friendly - but they do expect a tip. Great decor and bar. Was given an upgrade to a deluxe queen just for asking. £99 through (---). Rooms were, erm, interesting, and quite good with flat screens, fab shower, choccies etc, but I expected more from a five star - eg no minibar, coffee for only 2 cups, only one robe and slippers, despite a 2-person room. Overall we enjoyed it - APART FROM THE BATHROOM DOOR! It is ridiculous - you CAN see through the frosted glass, it has no lock, there's an inch gap under the door so you CAN be heard, it doesnt even shut properly (tip - wedge it closed with the towels) so when our porter came into the bedroom he had a direct 1-inch gap through into my partner in there!	
Feb 11 2005	My favourite.. but quite a stretch on the budget	I spent 150 nights hotel living in London last year, and only discovered this was in policy a few months ago... such a shame as its a great hotel.  Great things: New restaurant opened in Dec 2004, wonderful food, and eager staff; rooms are chic, pillows and duvets are lovely feather, and the best gym access I have found in London; friendly staff who remember me and welcome me back  Not so great: quite noisy with the busy aldwych traffic... breakfast is pricey, although the new restaurant has some interesting options (salmon kedegree!) . Finally, they have some problems with fire alarms- in 30 nights, I had the fire alarm go off 3 times! Its also difficult to get in for under £170 a night- so book early!  My favourite hotel in the area - highly recommended 	
Feb 8 2005	Nice Hotel	Stayed at the Waldorf for a weekend in January.Booked the special Hilton weekend rate that included dinner on the first night. Got upgraded (Hilton Gold Card Holder).Upon arriving at the hotel the reception was a little odd. Very modern considering the age of the hotel. Check in staff where quick and efficient. The room (A Double Deluxe Room) was nice. The room had a large area as you came in that the bedroom came off. Off the bedroom where 2 walk in wardrobes and the working area. Off the working area was the bathroom. Found it a bit odd that the bathroom door was frosted glass and so people sitting working on in the sofas can sort of see through the door.Ate dinner in the hotel the first night. Was a very nice meal with exceptional service.Breakfast on the first day was a buffet continental breakfast and a full buffet on the second day (Sunday). Again exceptional service.Overall this is a nice hotel in a good location with a nice restaurant and good service. Well worth a visit.	
Jan 26 2005	Excellent Staff Beautiful Rooms Great Location	I travel a lot for business, so I have become quite a picky customer when it comes to hotels and the services they provide. I must say that I found our stay at the Waldorf London to meet and exceed all of my expectations for a nice hotel. First off, the staff seems to have gotten a hold of how to conduct themselves at the level of a Waldorf property. They were friendly and extremely helpful. I know some people find the very modern rooms to not be in their taste, but that is simply what it is - a question of taste. I feel that while the decor had many modernist touches (halogen chandelier over the bed, mohair blankets, plasma tv &amp; &quot;floating&quot; sinks in the bathroom), it still retained a feeling of refinement. I have no idea why people complain about the deeply frosted glass door that closes off the toilet from the rest of the bathroom. It does not let anybody see through and any shocking noises that might be created are muffled. Finally, the location is superb. You can walk to Covent Garden and take the tube to there or take a longer stroll up to SoHo. Also you are only 5 min walks from the British Museum &amp; Trafalgar Square.Finally, I would not suggest this hotel for families with small children. The rooms are simply not designed for little ones in mind (lots of sharp corners and slick floors). Also, the atmosphere in the rather stiff upper-lip dining room doesn't lend itself to screaming children.	
Jan 25 2005	Best Location - Lousy Classless Hotel	I stayed here one night in London (have lived in London and stayed at numerous hotels in the city). This hotel is in an excellent location, steps from Covent Garden and Soho. But the hotel is wayyyy overpriced (you can't just charge 5 star prices to be a 5 star hotel). Rooms are small, no dressers, no space for anything. When we talked to the manager about it, he was shocked, and said that no other rooms in the hotel had any place to put clothing! Note to Hilton: With the astronmical room rates, invest in some dressers. Also the reservations person lied to me about when breakfast was served until, so I was locked into a pre-paid room rate with breakfast, even though I only made it there once.There are several fantastic hotels in London. Avoid this one at all costs.	
Jan 6 2005	Bad business practices	I did not stay at this Hotel, and I would like to tell you why. I made a March 2005 reservation for this Hotel approximately 7 months ahead of time. I decided to check my reservation recently(Jan 2005) to make sure it was okay. My reservation was for a Deluxe Double Room, NO smoking with 2 beds. I come to find my reservation says standard room, SMOKING and 1 Bed. So, there must be a mistake somewhere right? Nope, because the Hotel could get nearly $100 Dollars more a night since I made my reservation, They decided to change my reservation without consulting Me or even informing Me. I would keep going but I think you get the point! Needless to say I am stayiong at another Hotel.Just an FYI, this is a local management Policy and Hilton in America cannot override it.	
Dec 4 2004	shame about the staff	Stayed for one night on 27th November, the reception staff were very aloof, no atmosphere in the place. Very cold, mainly because the foyer opens out onto the road. The room was ok, but I found it strange that the door to the toilet doesn't close, it is frosted glass. Were asked to show our room card in the bar, having already shown it to the doorman. The bar is a very sterile room , again very cold, again very aloof staff, again no atmosphere, but we were &quot;treated &quot; to a Karoke session by some other guests. Breakfast was o.k but I would have liked less grease with my egg. Renaissance Chancery is a far better hotel, in all aspects.	
Nov 29 2004	Excellent Location	We have just come back from staying one night at the Waldorf. The location was excellent. It was easy walking distance to Covent Garden and we had tickets to the Producers musical which was only a 30 second walk round the corner from the hotel!However, we stayed in one of the newly refurbished modern rooms which was a good size but for some strange reason they had frosted the windows in the room and they did not open so there was very little natural light which i found rather depressing. As we were only staying overnight it was not much of a problem but for longer stays i would deinfately have to change rooms. The renovations are still ongoing and the mixture of antique and modern is rather odd in some places.Overall it was great for the location but the Swissotel &quot;The Howard&quot; is still my favourite in London especially for the nightime river view!	
Nov 12 2004	Good location good refurbishment	Stayed there a few times now for business. Very good tourist location, pretty good business location (just down the road from the City).Rooms have been nicely refurbished, very modern, brand new bathrooms. Standard rooms have &quot;raindrop showers&quot; which look good, but need better water pressure. Some of the standard rooms are bit small, but the quality makes up for it.Wired internet (quite expensive) and nice big widescreen lcd tv's (not great tv reception though). Very comfortable bed with duvet and big soft pillows. No minibar, but two free bottles of still water in a little fridge.Lobby is a bit strange - they've tried to make it look modern, but it looks more like an operating theatre with a few designer chairs left in it. We did see Scary Spice in there one night though!Would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 27 2004	Great hotel but bathroom didn't make sense...	Excellent location near Convent Garden, a short walk to the tube.Lukewarm reception.The floor between the bathroom and bedroom were &quot;on the same level&quot;, so when water seeped through the shower door, it made the whole floor wet. Room was outfitted very nicely with a plasma/LCD TV and multi-jet shower, no bath though.	
Aug 24 2004	Avoid during the renovations	Stayed 4 miserable nights in late July 04; was assured that renovations would not affect the stay but... the hot water did not work on one evening until the next morning, the fire alarms went off 3 times one night (1:00 am, etc), the staff misplaced a delivered document (actually a driver's license) and were quite rude about the matter, until they &quot;found&quot; it. Poor room facing an alley where trucks picked up the building materials at 7:00 every day we were there. The staff at least had the presence of mind not to ask on check out about our stay. Aviod this hotel now and in the future.	
Jul 26 2004	Nice hotel	I stayed at the Waldorf in May 2003 with my boyfriend while visiting london. The people at the reception were nice and friendly. The room we had was quite large, a little sitting area, nice view from our window but the bathroom was the best part of the room, it was big and clean and had a nice large window. The breakfast was amazing, since there was so much to choose from, the service was friendly and good. I would reccomend this hotel.	
Jul 19 2004	What a dissapointment	Took my hubby here for his birthday. Supposed to be one of the finest hotels in the world. What a letdown. Had to wait to check in even though we arrived at 5pm. Horrified to be charged £12 for two bottles of beer. The room was dingy and the mini bar was not connected. We had a view of a brickwall and a water tank! Bathroom could have done with refurb. Threadbare carpets on corridors. The best bit was breakfast. We were pointed (literally) to an unset table with the last occupants crumbs still all over it. When we asked for a paper the waiter pointed (again, they were very good at pointing) to a table accross the room. I thought it was 5 star but we were treated appaulingly. Would never go again and will not now be staying at the Astoria in NY this year as I had planned!!!	
Jul 4 2004	Close to the Theaters!!!	Le Meridien is an excellent place to stay if you like to see West End Shows. There are two theaters on the same block as the hotel. When we were there they were showing Rat Pack and Fame. We also were around the corner from the world famous Theater Royale Drury Lane, where we saw My Fair Lady. We were there Summer '03 and the renovation was still going on but we didn't really mind it since we got such a great rate. We got there at 10:00 AM and were allowed to check in to a quaint room. After one night, the air-conditioner was on too high so I tried to turn it down and I think I broke it as it started to leak. They relocated us to a different room, but the air-con didn't really work there either. We were relocated to a dark dreary room that we didn't like but the clerk said we should call back the next day for an upgrade. We called back and they gave us a junior suite which we had for the next 5 nights at the same great rate. This room was also a little cold due to the air-con but I knew better than to try to mess with it.Anyway, the staff was fabulous; always polite and accomodating. The breakfast was not that great, for 20 pounds you can get somthing better elsewhere. We also enjoyed the gym and the pool, which were very nice. We couldn't have asked for a better place to stay.	
Jun 14 2004	Enjoyed this hotel	We were very pleased with this hotel. We arrived around 9 am and were allowed to check in immediately even though check-in time is in the afternoon. The hotel room was average size, not huge but big enough to move around the bed and other furnishings. The decor was modern and very nice, especially the plasma TV. The bed was comfortable and had huge fluffy pillows. The bathroom was separated from the sleeping area by frosted glass walls and had a heated towel rack. The shower stall was also frosted glass. The room inlcuded a safe, iron and ironing board, and small fridge with two complimentary bottles of water every day -- great for when you're hoofing it around town sightseeing. And be sure to try the complimentary shortbread cookies supplied with the tea service -- delicious!The room was very clean and the maid service did a great job. They come twice -- once in the morning and again in the evening to turn back the bed and resupply any towels used after the morning maid service. One morning we were so jetlagged that we slept until 1 pm, but we were still able to get maid service at 2 pm with no complaints.Another nice touch was the electrical outlets that take U.S. plugs. No need for an adaptor, although if your plug is one of the newer kinds that has one prong larger than the other, it won't fit. You'll still need an adaptor.The staff was friendly and accommodating, and the front desk is staffed 24 hours. We did not eat in the hotel, but we did check out the health club and pool. Both were nice and clean. The health club is LA Fitness.Our biggest complaint was that when you shower, water leaks under the glass door into the bathroom. There was also no view to speak of, but we didn't care about that. The light switches were confusing. There were about a half dozen of them to control the lighting, so you end of switching them on and off a lot till you get just the lighting you want. As you can see, these are minor complaintsThe location can't be beat. Many theaters are minutes (or even seconds) away. Covent Garden and Trafalgar Square are within walking distance. Several bus lines stop right in front of the hotel. By the way, I recommend you take buses instead of the tube whenever possible. That way you get to actually see the city. We were in London for a tournament and many of my teammates stayed at a Thistle hotel. They had a lot of complaints -- tiny rooms, tiny beds, &quot;like being in a dormatory.&quot; We just sat back silently and smiled. All in all a great hotel that I highly recommend. 	
May 29 2004	London Waldorf Hilton (previously Le Meridien Waldorf)	We booked this hotel for the ridiculously low rate of $100/night (($119 with taxes and fees) through Priceline. After studying BiddingForTravel for several months, I was reluctant to try Priceline for London, especially for a ten night stay as often limited hotels are available with Priceline for more than a long weekend, until winning bids for this hotel were posted. The lowest rate for our dates at their website was £163 (a whopping $359/night with taxes).This hotel, with a beautiful Edwardian facade, is located on Aldwych, steps from the Strand, and just a few short blocks from Covent Garden. Within the last year, Hilton acquired the property from Le Meridien, and the hotel is still undergoing renovation. Apparently, all the rooms are finished, but they are still working on the restaurants and bars. The main restaurant at the moment is located in a former ballroom and the bar is in the former Executive Board Room. Both were pleasant and nice enough. There was another temporary bar and temporary restaurant, but we never got around to checking those out. Just inside the entrance on either side are long narrow, very high ceiling, rooms with odd &quot;modern&quot; chairs (very, very high backs) in primary colors and glass topped tables, where you can order beverages and snacks. Up half a flight is a very austere &quot;lobby&quot;, with check-in on one side and the Concierge and porter station on the other.We arrived at 9AM and checked our bags. We were advised that our room had not been vacated and that we should phone at noon or just return at 2PM. We returned at 3PM and were given our room keys, Room #108. First thing I did was look out the window, whereupon I returned to the front desk and requested another room. The view from that room (which was located in a corner of the interior courtyard) was dismal (fire escapes, etc. and windows of other rooms close by). We were given keys to Room 529 (actually the 7th floor) which was on the Aldwych side looking to the lovely India House across the street. Some might find rooms on the Aldwych side too noisy (there's much traffic, especially in the morning, and the buses run all night), but we didn't notice the noise, even with the windows open (we are not light sleepers).The room was neither spacious nor compact, very comfortably size. Bed was at least queen size (very, very comfortable) with a puffy comforter, huge pillows, medium pillows, and throw pillows. The bed linens were all white, except the two throw pillows which were dark purple, and a gray throw (small, scratchy mohair material). On one side of the bed was a night stand; on the other was a large desk with office style chair. Over the desk was a large mirror which was backlit. The center of the desk opened with another mirror on the bottom of the &quot;lid&quot;, and there was a recessed space of compartments (including a provided blow dryer). Next to the desk was a 110/240 outlet, so no adapter plug was necessary for ordinary American appliances (rechargers, curling iron, etc.). There was a fabulous desk lamp with dimmer control. Also in the room were two easy chairs and a small round table. The TV was a nicely sized plasma on the wall perfectly positioned opposite the bed. Finding something to watch when we returned to the hotel at night, even the weather report, was hit or miss (though there were often good movies, lots of American shows). Curiously, there was no bureau, no drawers, other than the small ones in the desk and nightstand. The decor was rather drab and a very odd mix of modern and traditional. The furniture was all traditional. The modern ceiling light fixture defies description. Behind/above and the width of the bed (and nearly as tall) was a huge sepia photograph of Trafalgar square with glass over it with frosted patterns of things like a dress, table, bottle of wine, glasses. The entire thing was lit from the bottom. The drapes were three panels of dull blue heavy silk, behind which were an odd beige plaid set of &quot;sheers&quot;, along with a heavy light blocking shade. The windows, though, were wide and tall and opened like doors (once we summoned someone from maintenance to unlock them). The carpet (new) was the typical weird patterned hotel sort of design in shades of brown and beige. The walls were a lovely shade of warm beige, with fabulous moldings along the top. The area of wall all around the closets in the hall (along with the interior of the closets) was a terrific shade of dark purple. As hotel room decor goes, this one was neither beautiful nor objectionable in any way. But, we never did figure out the light switches. There seemed to be no way to have only the desk lamp on - it was on the same switch with the mirror over the desk, the bright hall lights, and that artwork over the bed that lit up. The bathroom was off a short hallway between the door and the bedroom. This was brand new, slick, modern. Ours did have a door (frosted glass). Marble floors and sink (large bowl on the counter style, large enough to wash clothing). Walls tiled nearly to the ceiling, row of beautiful blue along the top. Heated towel rack. Huge bath towels and hand towels large enough for after shampooing to wrap up your hair perfectly. Wash clothes were also provided. None of the towels had the usual hotel bleach smell. Nice toiletries were presented along with cotton swabs, shower cap, cotton pads, etc. On the sink was a card listing additional items available upon request. The shower head was an 8&quot; &quot;rain&quot; model - plenty of hot water and pressure. Nice ledge around the (somewhat narrow) tub for all your necessaries. But, no place really to hang the bath towel nearby. No shower curtain, rather a swing away piece of glass along half the tub. Along the wall in the hallway were huge closets - two doors to hanging space with a high shelf (for your folded garments - but needed a chair for things that fell over and to make sure we didn't leave anything behind). Plenty of room under hanging clothing for the bags, though. The hangers were fantastic (and had normal hooks). Behind the third door were three shelves. On the bottom was a sizeable, empty, refrigerator (large enough for 6-8 bottles of water/soda). Above that was an electronic safe. On the top shelf was a plunger coffee pot, nice stainless kettle for heating water, very nice stainless coffee/tea service (tray, cups, saucers, spoons), along with a pair each of very nice old fashioned glasses and tall glasses. There was a nice assortment of teas and coffees, along with sugar and creamers and two packages of very good shortbread (all replenished daily). Two bottles of spring water were delivered twice a day (for the first few days it was Evian) with more available upon request. There was a breakfast card. £19.50 for traditional English breakfast, £15.50 for continental or &quot;sports&quot; (cereal, juice...). Though the restaurant is open only for breakfast and lunch right now, room service was available 24 hours. £5 charge per order plus gratuity. We never used room service.Service throughout the hotel was friendly and efficient. Those at the concierge desk were exceptionally helpful. Housekeeping was terrific and meticulous. Right around the corner on the Strand is a Starbucks, Cafe Nero, huge Boots, and large convenience store. There were restaurants of all sorts (every price range, a wide array of internal cuisines) in every direction. Many theaters are within several blocks. We thought the entire area around the hotel very safe, even late at night. The location of this hotel could have have been more fabulous. There were 3 lettered bus stops just outside the entrance - buses to everywhere (with no transfer required for nearly all our destinations), all with ticket machines. This was a perfect place for just hopping on any route and riding it to the end (in either direction) and back. From here, one bus takes you to the Tower of London, Paddington, Waterloo, etc. Coming &quot;home&quot; everyday, a bus stop right in front of the hotel is very nice after a long day of being out and about. Both &quot;Original Tour&quot; (a stop on the yellow, green, and red routes) and &quot;Big Bus&quot; have stops and ticket sellers here as well.The nearby tube stations: Temple (closed on Sundays), Embankment, Covent Garden were all a bit of a hike away. Best to conserve your energy and take a bus to the Tube.We used the Tube only twice during ten days. Once, because we were already in the station, to Madame Tussaud's, and the second time to go to Paddington Station during rush hour. Though this was an excellent hotel experience in every way, and we could not have been more pleased with the location and the Priceline rate, there was nothing significantly impressive to encourage me to book a room at regular rates in the future.	
May 27 2004	Odd Ommissions at the Waldorf	My sister &amp; I recently stayed at the Waldorf (which is now a Hilton), using my HHonors points, for 3 nights. While it was a pleasant experience overall, there were a few glitches. The airconditioning didn't work, which we didn't notice until evening because we'd opened the windows. In addition, there was no clock in the room and, to my sister's dismay, no drawer space for folded clothes. When I spoke to the desk staff the next morning I was offered the alternative of another room or of having the ac fixed. I asked for another room with some sort of bureau and a clock. To my surprise, I was told that none of the rooms in the hotel have clocks (why?!). At any rate, I asked to change &amp; was told that the clerk would try to give me a complimentary upgrade. However, when we got the desk later that day another clerk said I would have to pay extra for an upgrade, so we skipped it. The new room had no view, but it was quieter (not facing the street) &amp; the ac worked. We made do without drawers &amp; used my travel clock.My pre-checkout bill showed a 23-pound/night charge for &quot;room charges,&quot; but when I questioned it I was told it was a mistake &amp; it was removed.Overall, the hotel staff is lovely, the location is fine, &amp; the rooms &amp; baths are a good size. But why no drawer/shelf space &amp; no clocks?	
May 26 2004	A Great Week in the Waldorf	My week at the Waldorf was fantastic. The people who worked there were very friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean. Should I ever go back to London, I will definitely stay in the Waldorf. To me, staying in the Waldorf was the ultimate vacation.	
May 24 2004	Best service ever!	We had a great experience in this hotel last month. Their staff – from the front desk to housekeeping – could not do enough to make sure our stay was wonderful. They were very friendly and helpful. We got to the Waldorf at noon, and our room was ready. The room they gave us was big and well appointed, but it lacked privacy for the bathroom. The hotel had been remodeled with a modern and minimalist look, and while there was some form of separation from the bed area to the bathroom, there was no door. I requested for a different room but they initially said that the other layout in my room range was even worse in terms of privacy. I was fine with that and figured we would do the best we could. They called me back in less than 5 minutes, and said they wanted me to be pleased with my stay so they were going to show us another room. They upgraded us, at no additional cost, to a much bigger room. Our room had a sitting area with a love seat, coffee table, two side chairs, a huge bathroom with a door, a king sized bed and a desk that doubled as a dresser. They also brought in a roll away bed for our child. The room also had a refrigerator, a safe, bathrobes, trouser press, and they provided a pot where you could make coffee, tea or hot chocolate (all complimentary). They also provided complimentary shortbread biscuits and bottled water, and were replenished daily. We had the plasma TV which did not have a lot of channel selections but we mostly watched CNN. Our room was immaculate.The location of the Waldorf is fantastic. It was quiet and yet very easily accessible to everything. The street where it is located is a few steps from the Strand, a main avenue in London. We walked to the British Museum, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Westminster Abbey and the London Eye.The LA Fitness Center is in the hotel’s basement, and hotel guests can use their facilities but they limit pool use for children only on weekends, from 2 to 4 p.m.I would stay here again and highly recommend the Waldorf (now owned by Hilton).	
May 10 2004	one of the worst?	Chose the Hotel for location and because I quite like this modern thing that Hotel's seem to be doing more and more of these days. I’d previously been to One Aldwych (absolutely amazing hotel) – but needed somewhere a bit cheaper this time.First thing – the designer rooms are superb – making the most out of the space. However the service is so far below standard that it really lets the whole thing collapse. At the end of the day, it’s the service that defines a truly great hotel. 1) the aircon didn’t work (these things happen) – but I didn’t expect to have to not only call, but eventually go down to reception in person to get someone to look at it. The chap came (very helpful) but couldn’t mend it so told reception to move us.2) didn’t hear from reception for 20 mins (red hot room by now). So went to reception again. Didn’t get a single apology – just rude ‘we’re dealing with it’ – this is despite me politely asking them if they could hurry as we had a concert to go to within an hour and need to unpack (again), shower, get dressed etc.3) after over an hour from first reporting the problem I had to go to reception again to get an update (no apology, no ‘have a drink in the bar on us while we sort it out’). Eventually got a room.4) through the night banging doors – worse being woken at 5 in the morning (hardly a pleasant break away from the family).5) a maid walked into our room at 8 in the morning with no warning. Okay – we didn’t have a ‘do not disturb’ card on the door – but it’s pretty clear that people don’t want to be disturbed at 8 in the morning!The breakfast was great – but it didn’t make up for an appalling experience. I did fill out a card for the manager expressing views and that the hotel quickly needs to sharpen up if it’s to benefit from all the money it has spent refurbishing. I’ll be surprised he follows it up and calls me (even though I ticked a box) – if the level or service of the hotel is any guide…	
May 10 2004	Good but could improve	I arrived on a Saturday morning at 10 am and was surprised that my room was ready that early. I reserved a double room and as I got in to the room I was quiet disappointed! The room was extremly small and dark. The bed, which was supposed to be for two people was also very small. I decided to call the front desk and ask for another room. The woman who took the phone was very helpfull and offered my another room, which was much nicer and had enough space. We decided to take a swim at the pool which is situated in the lower ground of the hotel. The staff who is responsible for the wellness facilities treated us very unfriendly. The pool, sauna and steam bath was nice and we enjoyed it alot. We also enjoyed the flat tv and the big movie selection. The power shower was a very nice experience. The only thing that bothered me was that there was no door to have some privacy in the bathroom.The breakfast was superb. The buffet had everything our hearts desired and the restaurant staff was very friendly. We asked at the front desk if we could check out at 1 pm instead of 12 am at this was no problem.	
Apr 20 2004	Nice hotel but don't drink in the bar!		
Apr 7 2004	6 nights in London at the Waldorf		
Mar 25 2004	Mixed experience at Waldorf		
Feb 23 2004	A beautiful hotel destroyed		
Feb 5 2004	Really love the hotel!		
Jan 25 2004	The staff as lovely as the exterior		
Jan 14 2004	Le Merdien Waldorf - confused about her own style!		
Nov 24 2003	Le Meridien - Fantastic		
Sep 11 2003	Perfect Combination		
Jul 23 2003	excellent hotel		
Aug 27 2009 	nel cuore del west-end lusso a prezzi accessibili...		
Aug 13 2009 	??????		
Aug 9 2009 	Des bons points mais je suis globalement déçu...		
Aug 2 2009 	Super mais chambre un peu bruyante		
Apr 12 2009 	Hotel très bien situé		
Mar 3 2009 	Week-end in the city en crise		
Oct 28 2008 	LA CLASSE		
Oct 9 2008 	??????????????		
Aug 31 2008 	Servicio impecable		
Jul 21 2008 	Excellent ne vous fiez pas aux autres commentaires !		
May 7 2008 	Lage absolut Top - Klasse des Hotels konnte aber nicht überzeugen		
Nov 19 2007 	Très bon choix à Londres		
Oct 15 2007 	Schönes zentrales Businesshotel		
