	Great location tiny little rooms mediocre service	Chose this hotel for its location - near to Green Park tube. Will not be going back again. The service was mediocre - sometimes good, sometimes standoffish and not helpful. The rooms were really disapointing - and the corridors were small with lots of steps up and down which is a pain.Overall well worth avoiding unless you get a great rate and don't plan to spend any time in the room.	
Nov 21 2009 	Not worthy of 1 star	Horrible pokey room where you can hear everything that goes on in the next room and in the hall way. Do not recommend it at all.	
Nov 19 2009 	Felt safe and sound	My annual treat, a weekend by myself and I always feel safe and sound. I normally get allocated a single bed room, but my request for a larger room was met which was great. However even in a double room, there no easy chair so I watched TV perched at the end of the bed. Like all Hilton's the bedroom doors slam so loud done the halls, the room shakes. Lovely staff, and I'll be back next year.	
Nov 17 2009 	This is not a Hilton	The staff are friendly and try hard to please, this is the only good thing I can say about the Hilton Green Park. This hotel is actually several buildings knocked together so it seems a bit disjointed and they have tried to squeeze in too many rooms. The room was small with poor hanging and storage room. It was also scruffy as though it needed redecorating. My room was facing the road so I could hear all the traffic and when my neighbour upstairs came back to his romm at 2am, I could hear him taking his shoes off and trampling around the room because of the wooden floorboards.I ate once in the restaurant and wouldn't recommend it. I ordered pork chopS and only received one. The potatoes and vegetables were all hidden underneath it. The &quot;chop&quot; had been marinated in red and white wine but it didn't taste any different from ordinary chops.I will not be staying here unless they rebuild it.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good location 	Overnighted here recently. Located just off Piccadilly between Green Park and Park Lane. Clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay again. Very convenient.	
Nov 3 2009 	Not what you expect of Hilton	Not a typical Hilton. The rooms are small (even provide single bed rooms.) For a North American traveller, this will take some adjusting to. Unlike the Hilton Park Lane, this is a much smaller hotel. The staff though friendly, do not have the same polish. The hotel is slightly more run down, though there is modern furnish. Housekeeping leave some to be desired. The location is fantastic - 5min walk to a very accessible subway station from various different lines. Not more than a 3-star hotel.	
Oct 24 2009 	Good location but....	So the location is good, but the hotel is really not more then 2+ stars or maximum 3. The room and everything else about the hotel is so small and cramped so I almost got clausterphobic. Staff was ok although you got the feeling of the really fake friendyness which I hate. The airconditioner did not heat up the room and it makes a hell of a noice.So to summarize if you can get it for a maximum of 100 Eur per night then it might be an option.	
Oct 4 2009 	Satisfactory stay at deeply discounted rate	After winning the Hilton Green Park on Priceline, I was concerned by the hotel’s decidedly mixed reviews. My 3-night stay ended up being fine, on the whole, but I’m glad I only paid $75 per night ($90 per night after taxes and fees). I liked the hotel’s location in Mayfair, right across the street from Green Park and around the corner from Shepherd Market. I also appreciated the friendly, helpful staff, especially Michelle at reception, who was such a welcoming presence at check-in. I didn’t have any major requests to make during my stay, but whenever I needed something routine – replacement of a room key that had become demagnetized, or storing of luggage for a few hours – I received smiling, efficient service.After reading many previous reviews complaining about the hotel’s small rooms, I was pleasantly surprised by the spaciousness of my room. It turned out that I had been assigned to an accessible room, so the extra space in both bedroom and bathroom was to accommodate a wheelchair. Although spacious, the room had little closet and drawer space. The walls were scuffed, the carpet was old and stained in places, and the furniture had nicks on it. There was a brown velvet sofa that I never sat on, not knowing what multitude of stains might be hidden by the dark color. Overall, the room just felt old and tired, and in need of refurbishment. Thankfully, the bed was comfortable and the white bed linens were pristine. Soundproofing could have been better – I could hear noise from the street and conversations in the hallway very clearly. Fortunately, my earplugs helped me to get a good night’s sleep. The hotel, like all Hiltons, charges something exorbitant for Internet access. Fortunately, there are two branches of Pret nearby, so I toted my netbook over there to use their free wi-fi, which was fast and reliable.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great location	Stayed for one night last week as had tickets for 'Billy Elliott' and the theatre is wtihin easy walking distance. Unfortunate that building work was going on at the time and scaffolding erected outside our bedroom window; to be fair the work finished at 6pm and didn't start until 9am but it was a shame we had to keep the curtains closed all the time otherwise we would have been looking at the bulder's bottom! Tiny room, kept banging our heads on the sloping ceiling - and a rather strange noise like an aircraft landing every time a loo was flushed in ours and nearby rooms. Expensive at 240 gbp for one night booked well in advance. Plus point - fantastic buffet breakfast and friendly staff.	
Sep 27 2009 	Perfect Location	Hotel cant be beat for access to all of London. Across Green Park from Buckingham Palace, nice reasonable restaurants in area as well as expensive. Staff is very accomodating.	
Sep 24 2009 	An Enjoyable Stay	My wife and I spent three enjoyable nights at the Hilton Green Park after a cruise. We were fortunate to have a quiet back room. Friends staying at the same time were assigned a street room and the noise level was so bad that they requested a back room on the second night.For those travelling to Heathrow Airport, the hotel has a fixed rate car service at 40 GBP. When you consider the cost of a taxi from the hotel to Paddington and the train fare (16.50 GBP each person) plus the convenience of a private car, the hotel service is better value.As others have stated, the location is the best.Canadian travellers from Perth, Ontario	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Little Hotel in Good Location	Spent two days at the Hilton Green Park, small hotel with lovely modern rooms, singles are neat but well furnished with everything you need and good bathrooms. Hotel is in a great location, 5 minutes from the Ritz and 10 minutes walk through Green Park to Buckingham Palace. The London Bus tours even stop outside Green Park Tube Station which again is 5 mins walk. Staff are excellent.	
Sep 6 2009 	Make sure you book if you want dinner in the hotel restaurant	Great trip - August 2009 Bank Holiday Weekend. Everything was perfect - until we tried to have dinner in the hotel restaurant. Our request to the restaurant hostess was firstly to enquire if we had booked (there were three other couples eating in a virtually empty restaurant) and in response to our &quot;no - but we are resident&quot;, we were requested to have a drink in the bar because &quot;they didn't want everyone to eat at the same time&quot;... oh dear, the poor chef, unable to cope with more than 6 meals at one sitting! Needless to say that we went and had a meal elsewhere! I told the Reception staff at check in who advised me that they would &quot;look in to the matter!&quot; Hey ho! One good tip - definitely try Langans in Strattan Street - even in jeans and without a reservation, they fitted us in - on a Friday evening at 8pm with no fuss, no quibble. And don't be scared, it's VERY reasonably priced (similar to Carluccios) - and excellent customer service.	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent Stay Highly Recommend	I just laugh at the posters who give this hotel a bad rating. They must be used to staying at the Taj Mahal. Buckingham Palace is directly across from Green Park. Perhaps they can get a room there because nothing else would seem to please them.This hotel has a friendly staff. The location is central, it is very clean and all of the staff provides great service. I have stayed here several times and my last stay of five nights was a delight. By European standards, I did not find my room to be too small as others have stated.I guess there is just no pleasing some people, but I was extremely pleased with this hotel and I would recommend it to anyone. Ignore the hotel snobs. You will like this hotel.	
Sep 2 2009 	Service with a smile!	Perhaps some critics of this hotel are more used to larger corporate type hotels, but this is a mews hotel so the rooms are bound to be smaller. We regularly stay at either Flemings directly opposite or the Green Park Hilton dependant on the price available. O.K. Flemings is a tad more stylish, but one thing about both hotels is the friendliness of the staff. A three day stay for two rooms worked out at £300 cheaper than Flemings and included dinner for one night, a full breakfast buffet as opposed to a plated one at Flemings, and you would be hard pressed to tell the difference in qual;ity between both hotels. The ideal location for West End theatres and galleries makes it the ideal choice. If only they would do something about that eyesore of a derelict building on the corner. A request when booking for a front room was noted and supplied. Another troublefree and smooth stay with excellent breakfast and dinner . Keep up the good work	
Aug 31 2009 	Superb hotel for the money	My friend and I stayed at Hilton Green Park Hotel for the weekend, forn the 2 nights for 1 promotion, and the hotel was superb!!!! Lovely clean and comfortable room and staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was wonderful and would highly recommend this hotel for anyone who likes value for money deals.	
Aug 30 2009 	great hotel great location great service!!!	Stayed here for 3 nights in a Deluxe room which was of a good size. Very clean. Alright it's not the Hilton Park Lane but this is a hidden gem. The location is just fantastic, right in the heart of Mayfair and across the road from Green Park and about 15 minutes walking to Piccadilly. The staff were so friendly and made you feel like you were right at home. Couldn't fault breakfast, really a good spread! My only fault with this hotel is the parking, the nearest being about a 10 minute walk and about £40 per night. Be great if they could negotiate a special rate for guests at this hotel. Did hear other guests complaining about room size but again for a little bit more, stay in a deluxe room. It's well worth the money. Staying there in another 3 weeks!!	
Aug 28 2009 	Not a good hotel!	This hotel was the worst Hilton I had ever stayed in... the walls were so thin you feel like your sleeping in the hallway.	
Aug 25 2009 	Shocking	This is genuinely one of the worst hotels i have stayed in. It is an embarassment to the name Hilton and to London...It is ludicrously expensive which is based upon it's excellent location. That is the only thing that it has going for it. Arriving there a noted that the public areas are small and shabby and the overall ambiance is 1 star at best. So this was not a good start. Then i got to the room (and i use the word &quot;room&quot; advisedly)The room which was a single was quite literally unbelievable. It was right up in the roof with a really low ceiling. It was tiny (smaller than my none to capacious bathroom at home) and the shower room was basically an enlarged cupboard. I utterly rejected this room and demanded something bigger stating that If i got such a room in a youth hostel i would demand something else and how could they even contemplate selling this. It was obvious this was not the first time this had happened and quickly they did get another room..It was a queen room and was the size of a normal single. Having no choice but to accept this at an extra £10 because it was late, i had an uncomfortable night and woke up to admire the view of the fire escape and the rubbish strewn vacant lot beyond....so celubrious..not.... Oh My God! Never stay there. It is a nightmare and then you see the bill and it becomes &quot;a nightmare on elm street&quot;	
Aug 3 2009 	FIrst come first served!	pre booked and paid for 3 nights at this hotel on the hilton website for my boyfriend and I. When we arrived at around 23.00hrs as i had stated when booking, we were told that all the double rooms had been given away as they were really busy and unfortunately it was a 'first come, first served' situation. They gave us two single bed rooms which were cupboard sized. Not exactly a romantic wknd away! When you book a room and prepay for it, its not acceptable to be told its first come, first served. Very poor behaviour from a hilton, expected much better. Otherwise, location and breakfast good and got a regular double room for the 2nd and 3rd night and it was fine. Got a 50% refund for the first night mess up.	
Jun 28 2009 	Could not fault it!!	I honestly can't believe all the bad reviews. We have just returned from a 2 night stay, my husband and I plus my sister in law and brother in law, so we had two rooms and had no complaints with either. We had deluxe rooms, which were a great size and the en-suite was really big. Everything you would expect, large comfy bed, pillows the best we have had in any hotel recently, air-con, wall mounted flat screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities etc, what more could you want??The location is fantastic, so central, but being set down a side street no problems with noise. OK, it is several buildings knocked into one, but the undulating corridors just added to the appeal, it's not just a modern tailor made hotel building, it has far more character than that!Breakfast was lovely, the usual English etc, or if you preferred waffles or pancakes made to order.Would we return? Without a doubt all of us would	
Jun 28 2009 	Shoebox	This is my first stay in a European hotel, and my first reaction is that it is SMALL!!! (approx 7'x12') Compared to hotel rooms in the US, my single room at the Hilton Green Park hotel was less than half the size. The bathroom was close to normal size, though. The single twin bed was a bit stiff (and shorter than usual) but otherwise comfortable. Not enough pillows or pillow selection. Not much room for my suitcase. Flat screen TV was wall-mounted and plenty large. Tea/coffee selection was excellent and included a shortbread cookie. I love that the room had a electric hot water kettle. Great for business travel. Internet and local phone calls are not free. No gym, but great parks nearby. The B&amp;B rate included breakfast, which was so-so (don't expect omlets like Embassy Suites). Marks &amp; Spencer around the corner at the Green Park tube stop. Very convenient. Great location. I would stay here again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Fawlty Towers 2009	My family and I stayed at the Hilton Green Park (or should I say, Fawlty Towers) for 6 nights. The hotel is in a good location in Mayfair, near the Ritz and Green Park, the staff were pleasant enough and the breakfast was good and fresh. Everything else was awful. The hotel seemed to be 3-4 townhouses that were cobbled together - without being gutted and barely having been renovated - leaving random groups of steps in the middle of the upstairs hallways and zero sound-proofing. Our first room was at the end of the 4th floor hallway and we had our 2 yo with us in her stroller and would have to maneuver the stroller 3-4 times to get over the randomly placed steps before arriving to our room. The door to the room was at the beginning of a long, narrow and dark hallway which opened up to a very dark, albeit large enough, space overlooking some dingy backs of buildings. The water in the shower seemed indecisive, switching from hot to cold every few seconds or so. The extra roll of toilet paper was never replenished. The floors in our room, outside our door and above us creaked so loudly that it was disturbing. Also, eventhough we were at the end of the hallway, there was so much noise outside our door, it felt like people were about to come into our room all day long. Halfway through our stay, the internet access ceased working and we were finally moved to another room, after my husband was told by the staff at the front desk that he would have to call their service provider to ascertain the problem. After a day of this nonsense, we were moved to a room down the hall from our original room. This time, there was more light as we were at the front of the hotel (half moon street I think?) but it was five times more noisy as the door of the room opened straight into the living space and all the foot traffic from the main hallway felt as it was happening in our room! I was wishing for the first room with the long interior hallway that in hindsight muffled some sounds a little bit. Also, one of the 3 windows in this room did not close all the way so you felt the draft and heard all of the outside traffic (and jack hammers from the road work at the corner) all night and the one in the bathroom had mold all around the panes. We had the same problem with the water temperature, but this time, we at least had internet access. Oh, and yes, the beds were horribly soft and definitely bottom-of-the-line. The floors again were incredibly squeaky, and you could hear the people upstairs and outside of your room very clearly. I should also mention that there was some problem with the fire alarms which caused them to go off several times during our stay there, once during the middle of the night. And, that later, we were invited to a cocktail reception for &quot;special guests&quot; (I am sure it was everyone staying in the hotel) by a paper invitation under our door, which was then followed by a pleading call from the front desk. When I told the staff member who was calling that we would not be attending, she started begging us to come. Totally unprofessional!But to top it all off, my daughter's hand got caught in the hotel's revolving door and no one in the lobby (there were about 4-5 staff there) could figure out what to do. They all stood around dumbfounded at the sight - and one of the doormen/concierge, even attempted turning the door with her hand stuck between it and the glass frame, in a totally illogical effort to free her!!! Luckily, my husband knew how to unlock the revolving door and the whole thing was almost over swiftly except for the fact there were several trips made by a staff member back and forth from the kitchen to the bar in order to determine how to get ice for my sobbing daughter's hand afterwards. The GM later came to our room to find out what he could do for us and to tell us that he had watched the video footage to learn more about the events that transpired. In fairness, there was not much he could do, but the fact that he mentioned there being a video of the occurrence and that he was watching it seemed a little odd. In hindsight, this experience will stay in my mind and is what now makes our stay at the Hilton Green Park seem like an episode of Fawlty Towers.We will never stay in this hotel again. It is not worth it.	
Jun 15 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	We were looking for a hotel near to Park Lane, that could accomodate 3 persons and which was reasonably priced. This hotel fulfilled these requirements.The room was large enough for the three of us with a sofa that converted into a double bed. The room was well presented and was clean and tidy. The bathroom was functional and perfectly adequate. Curtains didn't keep the light out so we all woke early. Good A/C in the room.Breakfast was included and the quality was much higher than the bigger Hilton Hotels.We would definately try and book this hotel again.	
Jun 3 2009 	Better than expected from previous reviews	We won Hilton / Green Park from Priceline for our last day in London, and I was nervous after reading the reviews. However, it turned out great. Our room was actually spacious by London standards, quiet, and had a very comfortable bed. The location is convenient., about 3 blocks from the tube, and 1 block from Green Park. There is a nice &quot;hidden&quot; street nearby (Shepherd's Lane) with several pubs, a drug store, a few restaurant choices, etc. The staff was very helpful, allowed us to check in early, and kept our luggage after check-out until time for us to leave the following evening ( at no cost except tip).We stayed over a Sunday evening, which is typically not a busy time, so that may have contributed to the quiet atmosphere. If the hotel were busier, I could understand how noise might be a problem. Only complaints: The halls are old, very narrow, and need updating. The room carpet was either soiled or worn around the perimeter and torn in several locations, but everything else was quite nice. For the price we paid, it was a definite bargain.	
Jun 2 2009 	Could have been better	I read all the comments on the hotel and I was scared to go there!!!!!The location is great: in front of green park, 10 minutes walking of Piccadilly Circus.The staff is really nice.We were 4 so we had 2 rooms (1 double bed in each).The design was correct but nothing great.The bed was however really bad (too soft on the sides so I kept on falling on the night table... very dangerous)We were on the 5th floor (out of 6).The corridor was very noisy and it was like they were talking in my own room!!!The bathroom was very simple but clean.The breakfast was good.Air conditionner in every rooms but no curtains at the windows......No free internet connectionWe paid 129 £ per night breakfast included in may 2009 so I would say it was a correct quality for the price, but from a Hilton, I was expecting more!!Is Hilton buying many hotels in London in order to be ready for the Olympic Games? I don't know, but fore sure, it wasn't designed to be a Hilton!!!	
May 21 2009 	NOT THE BEST HILTON I HAVE STAYED IN	This hotel is ideally situated for the underground being just a two minute walk from Green Park Underground. However the room was the smallest Hilton room I have slept in and the bed was a tad short for me. I would however like to praise the cleaner as it was always spotless and well presented. Paid for buffet breakfast on one occasion and again slightly dissapointed. I have never had a cooked breakfast without sausages but trust me this is what is in store for you should you avail yourself of the food. Staff were pleasant and helpful. I don't think I would stay here again although I wouldn't put anyone off doing so.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for a few days and somehow ended up with a suite. It was great, top floor on the end and plenty of space! There was a living area attached to the sleeping area, a GIANT dressing room, and very large bathroom. We almost had too much space for the amount of time we were actually in the room. There weren't many restuarants nearby so we did have to walk a little for that. Also the tours don't stop at this hotel, so we had to walk to another Hilton that took about ten minutes. As far as the price, it made up for what it lacked in location.. I'm just not sure I'd return to London in December!!	
Apr 25 2009 	Could the rooms be smaller?	Why doesn't Hilton give this property one of its budget brand names -- Hampton Inns, or something -- and stop diminishing the Hilton brand like this? The rooms at this hotel are tiny. My &quot;Diamond&quot; upgraded room could not have been smaller, was not air conditioned (and uncomfortably warm), had paper-thin walls, and overlooked a filfthy vacant lot. Aggressive effort to empty the rooms at check-out time, with maids ignoring the &quot;don not disturb signs.&quot;	
Apr 11 2009	At the right price - a real gem	Stayed here for two nights at the bargain price of £127 for two. It was perfectly situated - close to the shops - reasonable walk to the theatre and very close to Buckingham Palace. Yes, the room was small, but do you really go to a London hotel to stay in the room? And the breakfast, fab and included in the price.	
Apr 6 2009 	Practical Lodging for Business Travellers	This hotel is definately not to be mistaken for a destination. You simply book here to sleep, go to work and eat breakfast. They have no useful amenities and rooms are way to small to be enjoyable. Room service is often left on the lower level hallway for more than 24hrs even though the cleaners pass right by it. For anyone disturbed by small places definately don't book the single room. Most birds nests are bigger. Breakfast served every morning is actually the one highlight. It's a typical english breakfast that most North Americans would delight in. Due to its proximity to entertainment you will find this hotel convenient for short trips after work.We found Picadilly Circus and Oxford Street to be very short walking distances from the Hotel.As for local restuarants we tried two nice places in short walking distance:Le Duca - Italian Restaurant La Boudin Blanc - French RestaurantMost advanced palates would enjoy their offerings. The French Lamb Ratatouille was just amazing.Overall don't plan on spending time in the hotel. Just drop your bags and come back exhausted, so you don't think about your cramped quarters.	
Apr 3 2009 	Nice quiet hotel in convenient location	We stayed briefly for 1 night recently on our visit to London. The hotel is well located for walking around London tourists' spots (e.g. it is very near Buckingham Palace) and for public transport (the nearest tube station was less than 5 minutes' walk away). The hotel is off a side street, so, is quiet at night, which suited us fine. Green Park is over the road from the hotel's street, so, is a pleasant walk in the mornings.Our double room wasn't huge but was adequate and comfortable enough for our needs. Bearing in mind that the hotel is in central London, the size of our room was perfectly acceptable (as we had 2 large suitcases with us). Shower was good with plenty of hot water and there were the usual complimentary refreshments and toileteries in the room. Temperature control in the room was excellent.We had breakfast included in our booking and tried out the buffet breakfast. It was a reasonably decent breakfast, though nothing outstanding (but nothing really bad either!).All in all, no complaints and would not hesitate to come back.	
Mar 28 2009 	Nice Hotel	stayed there over night visiting london for a concert, great location, walkable to all main tourist sites.room was slightly too small but guess thats london, no twins were available but had a nice stay	
Mar 26 2009 	Excellent Location	We stayed here for 2 nights either side of our holiday. It was very central, worked in great for both the Heathrow &amp; Gatwick Express. We walked everywhere easily, it was great. We found this hotel through 'priceline' at £70 odd a night, would not pay much more though! The room was quite small, but it was clean and had a powerful shower. We had no noise in either stay. All staff were lovely. Our booking did not include breakfast (which was very steep), there was a Tesco Metro &amp; Starbucks around the corner which was great.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great location excellent service nice room	The Green Park Hilton is in a fabulous location. It is steps away from the tube, grocery store, Pret and Starbucks. We stayed four days and were very happy with the accommodations. We got a really good deal on Priceline, and it was well worth every penny that we spent. The room, while not huge in size, seemed just right for two of us. The front staff was extremely pleasant and helpful, even letting us check in a bit early. We did not have the breakfast or eat in the restaurant, but they did offer a pre-fixed menu for 19.00 pounds (dinner). We were on the first floor, and apparently right above the lounge/restaurant, and we could hear music play throughout the day and night. It was very faint, but every now and then you could really hear the beat of the music. One thing that was somewhat disappointing was the wireless internet. I website states that the rooms have high-speed internet in the rooms. While there is a box for the internet and you can have wireless, you have to pay for it, and I believe it was approximately 20.00 pounds per day. Or you could buy cards, which we did, and 15 minutes was 5.00 pounds. Quite expensive, although still less expensive than calling home everyday. We would stay at this location again.	
Feb 23 2009	Great hotel -	I just back from the Hilton Green Park and I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. The first thing to remember is that this nice Hilton, but not glamorous and high-end. If you are looking for that kind of experience, try elsewhere.If you are looking for a hotel that gives great service, nice comfortable rooms (if a bit on the small side), a GREAT breakfast and a location that can’t be beat – this is for you. The Green Park Tube is steps away and so is charming Shepherd’s Market. Oxford St. is a 15 minute stroll as is St. James, Jermyn St. and Piccadilly Circus. I have stayed in a number of hotels in the area and I have found this to a great place to stay. Room G33 was large and had a fold out sofa, flat screen TV but looked out onto the ventilation shaft. There was plenty of light and everything was very comfortable. I must mention Kareem, the concierge and his team. He worked hard for me (last minute reservations etc) and came through with flying colors. This has become my London hotel of choice.	
Feb 13 2009 	Great location - shame about everything else...	I really don’t like writing negative reviews, and although there was no one major problem with this hotel, there were just so many little problems that all added up to making this such a bad stay. I want to make clear that I don’t normally moan, I just cannot believe how bad our stay was in comparison to so many other London hotels, and I wanted to tell our experience honestly.Room: We had a standard room, which in itself was ok – quite small but big enough for two people. It was pretty clean, the bathroom didn’t smell particularly clean but the sheets etc were. The window and the curtains were dirty though. Our room was on the first floor and overlooked some kind or air vent, probably from the kitchen, however was not noisy. But, our first night in the room was awful – there is no a/c and the room was too hot – we had turned the radiator off earlier in the day, but the temperature was still really high. The noise from the corridor was continuous – there was a group on our floor and until 4am there were doors slamming and people screaming in the corridor – several calls to the night reception were in vain – nothing was done.We moved to a room on the 4th floor for the last two nights – even smaller and dirty under the bed – the remains of room service I think! The bed was really hard and uncomfortable. We were awoken on Sunday and Monday morning at 8am by workmen on scaffolding outside our room – no lie in for us!! Not just small noise, heavy crashes and drilling, impossible to sleep through even with earplugs! The hotel is undergoing the installation of air conditioning, and there is work constantly occuring at the hotel.Breakfast: Saturday breakfast was really good, felt organised and under control. There was huge choice and variety and everything was fresh. However, the breakfast on Sunday and Monday was bad – hardly any choice and really poorly stocked. We waited 20 minutes for a table, even though the breakfast room wasn’t even half full – there were not enough staff to serve or clean, and the food did not seem fresh. There were signs in the lifts warning of queues, but the experience I had could have easily been sorted with more organisation and better management.Hotel staff: Generally very friendly, and I feel that many of the problems were out of their control – the hotel management needs to address these issues, not ignore them as I felt was happening.I booked a long weekend for a romantic getaway, not just a sightseeing weekend, and so I guess I expected/wanted more from my room than many tourists would. It is in a great location, so if you will be out all day and only sleeping in the hotel, this is a good base.However. I have stayed in many Hiltons before, and this one was by far the worst – a real embarrassment for a London hotel, and a very poor example of Hilton as a brand. It did not live up to expectations, and I really don’t feel that it deserves its 4* rating. I left my trip feeling really disappointed and having a poor view of Hilton – this hotel could be so good but at the moment it is not – there are better hotels for the same money and I would not recommend this hotel for any London visit.	
Feb 11 2009 	Cant beat this hotel!	Just come back from London, stayed at the Hilton, it was fantastic!Staff were really friendly, couldn't do enough for us, polite, pleasent and really helpful. The rooms were really nice, clean, and very well stocked. Didn't need to take anything apart from your clothes, and maybe your straightners! They provided shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, soap, handwash, hand cream, shower cap, flannels, towels, hairdryer, tea, coffee, hot chocolate, biscuits, all free of charge. It was fab!Breakfast was provided in the morning which was really nice. You could have full english, cereal, cakes, toast, yougurts, fruit, almost anything.The location of the hotel was ideal, 2 stops away from Victoria Station on the tube. Close to most things, Big Ben, Houses of Parliment, Buckingham Palace, Oxford street , Knightsbridge. Only 2 or 3 stops on the tube to all of these places. Went to the O2 arena, the train went straight from Green Park to the O2 without changing. Didn't need to use taxi's all weekend.Cant say enough good things about this hotel, i WILL be going back! No doubt about it!	
Jan 29 2009 	Great location competent hotel good overall value	Small hotel in converted townhouses. Not many facilities. Reasonable rooms. Great location and nothing to complain about	
Jan 28 2009 	cosy and friendly hotel	This is a small, friendly, cosy hotel situated in a side street just off Picadilly which means that it is exceptionally quiet for a hotel set in the heart of London. We had a room at the front and were not even disturbed by traffic noise. Staff and service excellent. Comfortable rooms and beds. Excellent breakfast. However, evening dinner in the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired. The crab and avocado tower was wet and tasteless, the teryaki beef overdone and the beef was tough. Such a shame as the restaurant itself is comfortable and the decor and table arrangement good. Very few guests appear to have their evening meal here. We stayed 3 nights on honour reward points. It is disappointing that there is no executive lounge for honours guests. Also no bathrobe or complimentary slippers provided. Surprising as the number of points used were the same as for a stay at the Waldorf or Park Lane Hilton.	
Jan 28 2009 	Small but comfortable rooms good location easy Tube access to Heathrow	I needed an inexpensive place to stay for one night, with easy access to Heathrow to catch a morning flight to the US. Of course, I could have picked an airport hotel, but what fun would that be?So instead, I picked the London Hilton Green Park. They offered a January sale rate of about GBP 55 including breakfast for a single room on a Saturday night, which was a steal for a central London location.With easy access to the Green Park Piccadilly Tube line station I had a very easy connection to London Heathrow for only about GBP 5 or so. Not very fast (about 1 hr) and not great if you have a lot of luggage, but since I didn't have to transfer and the hotel was literally a five minute walk from the station, pretty convenient.As described in other reviews, the Hilton Green Park is a row of old houses that are turned into a small hotel. Because of this, the hotel corridors are full of steps and stairs, so not great if you have difficulties walking - in that case, ask for a room that is easily accessible. I booked a single room, which was just that. A small room with single bed with duvet, a private bathroom with combined bathtub and shower, a small work desk, flat screen TV. The room featured a safe and paid Internet access. I was on the fourth floor and had a view of the roof tops towards Shepherds Market. The windows slide up for fresh air. I did not notice an airconditioning unit or vent - so that would be something to check out before you stay in the summer! Overall, the room was comfortable enough for my short stay. Possibly because I am a Hilton HHonors silver member, there was a bottle of still water waiting for me - but no glass, and the bottle was unceremoniously plonked on the side table.The reception staff were friendly but not overly service oriented and seemed to be checking in a lot of weekend guests at this low rate. The breakfast buffet was very nice. Good selection, and because I was early on a Sunday morning, not too busy. (There were signs in the lift to state that the hotel expected the breakfast to be really busy and they therefore extended the opening hours of the buffet.)The location is good: easy access to Green Park station and the buses on Piccadilly. The Shepherds Market restaurants and bars are right behind the hotel as well, so quite a few not-so-touristy dining options. There is a Tesco Express mini-supermarket nearby too and a Marks and Spencers Express above the Green Park station, if you want to buy something to eat or drink in you room. You are about a 10 minute walk from Bond Street, the Burlington Arcade and across Green Park from Buckingham Palace. Hyde Park is about a 15 minute walk.I probably would not rate this hotel a four-star, or particularly suited for business travel, but would stay here again if the price was right.All in all, if you don't expect luxury, but you want a comfortable, reliable room in a good location, this is a good hotel.	
Jan 26 2009 	A fair deal	Excellent location. Quiet, yet very central, in the heart of Maifair London. Around 10 minutes walk to some of London's main attractions, such as: Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Street, Buckingham Palace or Knightsbridge (Harrods). Two minutes walk to Green Park subway station. This 4 stars hotel is located in an old building, but is pretty well maintained. Those who are expecting top standards might be a little dissapointed, as the hotel is a bit below Hilton's usual standards, but it is definitely above average standards for Central London, at this price (around 160 GBP / double room / night). Room was small, but clean, with a nice and well equipped bathroom (we had a standard double roon, with qeen size bed) The main problem was that we could actually hear the people walking in the room above us (it sounded like an old wooden celing...). Excellent hotel stuff, friendly and helpful. V|ery good English breakfast (5 star standard, at a 4 star hotel). Hotel is not cheap, but overall the rate seems fair, given the location. A possible problem for those traveling during the summer period might be the air conditioning, which did not work at the time of our stay (there was an &lt;out of service&gt; label on the air condition switch on the wall). Just double check before booking. I would recommend this hotel for those looking for a perfect location in Central London, with good service standards, at an almost fair price (given the air conditioner is working...)	
Jan 23 2009 	Let down by the standard of the room	Good location, helpful staff and good standard of breakfast. However the room was not up to 4 star standard. The carpet was dirty on the edge all round, the window would not shut, the heating could not be controlled, the standard lamp did not work and the decoration was marked. There was a letter in the room that referred to an imminent refurbishment programme. Yes we had booked on a good deal, but there remains the suspicion that we were given a poor quality room as bargain customers - not the way to get repeat business.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great location good hotel - excellent value	The Hilton Green Park is a nice hotel that is right in the center of everything - steps from the green park tube station - on a side street in mayfair and doesn't look like your generic hotel. It is quite reasonable in cost and has all the services one needs. The rooms are smallish but more than sufficient - the bar is nice and there are oodles of restaurants right in the neighborhood, if you don't want to eat there. The staff is very curtious. To me this is the perfect london hotel... When there it is my home away from home.	
Dec 8 2008	Good location - slightly disappointing!	I stayed here with 5 frineds for a festive reunion in London. This hotel is very centrally located easily accessible to the cities main attractions. The rooms are clean,comfortable and a standard size for London. As a diamond member of Hilton one of the 3 rooms we had booked was upgraded, it looked ordinary but was slightly more spacious.The reception staff and concierge team were extremely welcoming and helpful.A few problems were experienced with the Food and Beverage staff, namely the staff serving breakfast. I since learnt there were staffing problems that morning and that was clearly evident. Service was poor and standards generally low for a Hilton.Sarah the duty manager was excellent and dealt with our party in an extremely professional manner.Overall this hotel is very central with a warm and friendly atmosphere .	
Dec 3 2008 	Great hotel great location exceptional staff	8 of us stayed here for a birthday celebration in London. The location cannot be beaten, a great part of London with lots within walking distance and an amazing restaurant in a street just behind the hotel.The standard rooms were well decorated, very clean &amp; the beds really comfortable. The rooms were quite small but that is what we expect in London.We all commented on how friendly &amp; helpful all the staff were including check-in, concierge, barmen &amp; waiters. The buffet breakfast was excellent. We also had a great snack lunch at the hotel which we did not feel was overpriced. Our only criticism would be the high bar prices for alcoholic drinks.We would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 1 2008 	Good but not Perfect	I stayed at the Hilton Green Park for a business function combined with a short visit to London with my partner.We found the hotel to be clean and the room (De-lux) was spacious by London standards and nicley decorated in a modern style. The bed was great and there was a large flat screen TV.Price is quite high, and beware: we were given a price which did not include VAT! This is very unusual and added quite a bit to the finished cost.Pink corridor decor was a bit odd, and the toilets in the public areas were out of order which meant a long wait outside the disabled toilet or a reurn to the room when drinking at the bar.My other gripe about the bar is the total lack of British beer- something I expect in a London hotel in a region known for it's great real ales- Imagine going to Germany and getting offered only Stella! Very poor.Bar prices were also a bit steep even fopr London, and some mysterious &quot;Service Charges&quot; were added to drinks purchased at the bar- only a few pence but they added up.The breakfast was included in the price and it was excellent, only a short wait even at busy weekend times- top marks here!Staff were helpful but service was a little slow, they forgot to bring our bags to our room wehen we arrived, and room service took ages, they seemed to be understaffed.The location is great however.So, in conclusion: Sort out the beer and the hidden charges, speed up the service and you have a good hotel in a great location, if not a cheap one.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great location in central London	I stayed here with my husband for one night last week, using my Hilton reward points. We were arriving at Heathrow early in the morning and though we had to wait a while in the (very comfortable) lobby, we were able to check in much earlier than expected, and were grateful.Our room was tiny, with only just enough room for our bags in the available floor space, but it was also clean and reasonably well appointed. It was fine for one night. We had intended to have room service at dinner time but there was no way we'd have got a tray in as well. It's a pity that hotels sometimes give you the less attractive rooms when you're using reward points, as you have no way of knowing whether it's worth going back again when you're spending hard cash. Having said that, we got exactly what we expected and were satisfied. The hotel does a good job of maintaining the Hilton standard in this historic Georgian terrace and offers good value in a great location.	
Nov 3 2008 	" Great Location and Friendly Staff	My husband and myself stayed in the Hilton green for the location. The hotel is in a very quiet street. The staff are very afficient and friendly. The breakfast is very good. Our room was not huge but very clean and tastefully decorated. The location is perfect just opposite green park and only a short taxi ride into the west end theatre area of london.I would have no hesitation in reccommended this hotel to anyone	
Oct 17 2008 	Research Carefully To Get Best Value For Your Vacation Dollars....	There is a mixed consensus on the reviews here. My feeling is this: if you like location and are just looking for a place to lie down, this may be the place for you. If you are someone who enjoys being spoiled and enjoying extra little comforts, this may not be the best choice. A nine day business/ pleasure stay at this property, and I was so disappointed! Having been in the UK before, I expected a small room, and tried to keep an open mind.True enough, some UK travelers MAY find this place acceptable. Standard hotel rooms in England can be small, old, dreary, and outdated. I do love the character of London with all of its' old Victorian brick buildings, however, at the end of my sightseeing day I prefer to come &quot;home&quot; to sleep in a nice soft bed, with the option to turn on ac, and sleep the night away without being awakened by 30 minutes of bottle clanging outside the windows at 3 a.m. In mid summer, I really needed the ac. I had a choice of sleeping in a warm room, or tolerating the street and portable ac noise all night. (The air conditioner is hilarious! It is about as big as a washing machine, portable, and has a dryer sized lint hose that you hang out of the open, unscreened window.) Either way, it made for a restless night and did not do a sufficient job of cooling for me. I believe that food trays should be picked up promptly and not be left in the hall for four hours to rot. Bags of garbage and several seasons of piled up leaves should be cleaned up outside in the courtyard &quot;view&quot;. I am not surprised at reports of insects and rodents. These issues have absolutely nothing to do with character....There were so many more issues than creaking floor boards it wasn't even funny! I asked for assistance from the Concierge for booking my tours. After waiting 25 minutes, I informed him that I would give him time to wind up his current duties and I walked into the bar to have a glass of wine. I asked for him to come and get me (15 steps away) when he had time for me. Two glasses later, no concierge. When I went back out, he had another group in. I quietly slipped him a note detailing the tour I wanted and asked him to call my room when he had a chance. The call never came and I booked it myself off of the Internet.Be sure and check your bill, as we found a number of charges that shouldn't have been there. They were removed after checking the tickets and finding that I had written “paid in cash”. Any charges are automatically rung up as a room charge, so be careful if you opt to pay as you go. Not sure what would have happened if I had not taken this step. A little inconvenient to wade through at check out time, but it was eventually straightened out, so okay.There is no Executive Lounge here; there is a small and cozy little bar area in the lobby. There are suites available that are fairly nice, however, as Diamond Members we were not upgraded and noticed no benefit recognized in any form. The standard rooms at this particular property are really bad by US expectations. Not only are they very small; sheets, towels and blankets are worn and becoming threadbare. Aesthetics aside, these are basics, and who wants to pay a fortune to sleep in a hot, noisy room on knobby sheets? I think that the scattered good reviews were left by those lucky enough to be placed in a suite, or from UK travelers. When researching for a vacation, I take all reviews into account. There are always plusses and minuses, along with varying opinions. From what I see here, you are really taking a chance. The room was booked and paid for by the company for a business trip. We opted to take our chances and collect the reward points for later use. We would have been even more disappointed if we had used our precious rewards or cash for this stay.The location IS fantastic. If this is most important to you, then you may be willing to sacrifice other comforts. The breakfast was very good, and I felt, a good value. Shepards Market is just around the corner and a lovely place to spend your evenings. I really wish that I could think of more positive things to add.For most US travelers, London is the trip of a lifetime. With the exchange rates as they are now, this is going to be a very expensive room for not much value. There are many other properties in the same price range. If you are using reward points, I would look carefully at other choices before booking; you may find that your level of reward is not as expected at this particular Hilton. If you are locked into staying at a Hilton property, Park Lane Hilton is just down the street and would be a MUCH better choice in my opinion.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great	Excellent hotel. Great location and top service, will be using again in the near future.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed her with my partner for one night with some concerns,having read some of the reviews.I needn't have worried.The hotel is a delight.Staff courteous and efficient.Breakfast perfect.Location perfect.Room not huge but tastefully decorated and spotlessly clean.I can't believe the things that people find to complain about:Creaking floorboards?Did they not notice how old the building is?.I call this character,as I do in my Victorian house!Highly recommended.	
Sep 30 2008	Excellent hotel convenient to all London sights	Can't believe all these bad reviews. My mum and I have been staying in the Green Park for 10 years now at least once a year and we love it!The staff could not be more helpful and pleasant especially Gil, one of the concierges.The location is second to none 5 mins to Piccadilly and Buckingham Palace and about 10mins to Harrods. What more can you want?	
Sep 30 2008 	Good location small room dated	Hotel room was very small, needs to be updated, very old style. Room was very hot, had to keep the window open. Bathroom was also very old style. This hotel needs a face lift. To get to your room it is a maze. Ancient decor.The location is good and convenient to the tube. The price was a good deal but not really up to Hilton standards.	
Sep 12 2008 	Leaking Celing Hot Noisy 	Ok I think this might be the 1st time I have given a Terrible rating but this deserved it...The ProsLocationThe ConsOn night 4 the ceiling in centre of room started leaking out of the fire alarm, not just few drips but quite a lot, it woke both husband and me up.. we called reception at 1am and they came up and threw a towel on floor as solution.. we said the room may not be safe as feared electricity issues as water leaking right near light fitting and/or celing cave in but no spare rooms.. so was left listening to drips of water. We did get moved next day for our last night but it was to a even smaller room! They did credit us one night stay. But scary to think of bigger issues they have with this old hotel.Room was TINY and had steps, it creaked and it was SO hot in there, no air conditioning only a fan provided..Bed not that comfortable.NO Fridge!Room was NOISY, facing street on 1st floor. Woken every morning to garbage truck at 3am, so so noisy and also hearing drunks till all hours especially on sat night.Bathroo m - the toilet made a horrible noise when flushed, like it was going to explode.. so made flushing toilet in middle of night difficult. The toilet rolls were not in arms reach of toilet.. stupidist design ever seen.. No soap dish holder either.We were booked under work's hilton club members and being a 4 or 5 star hotel expected a lot more, was so disapointed and would never recommend or stay here again. Reception staff ok, breakfast ok.For the money - stay elsewhere. This place needs a major redesign and upgrade and some major repairs!	
Sep 2 2008 	good do better	this hotel is in a good location but the staff can be quite unpleasant especially in the breakfast rooms talk about if looks could kill maybe they are just not morning people.we stayed on a Friday night and in the early hours of Saturday morning the glass recycling wagon came round and kept us awake for quite awhile so maybe a room at the back of the hotel would be a good idea.on the whole the hotel was very clean and reception was very good but the staff in the dining area want a good dose of customer relations!	
Aug 21 2008 	Nice toiletries!	Very disappointing. After a long drive from France we arrived tired and hungry and were given the keys to our room on the fifth floor which was small but adequate - the carpet was very stained. We decided to have a quick drink and a quick dinner. I was expecting London prices but thought £7 for a glass of warm white wine in the bar was a little excessive. The dining room had no atmosphere, the tables were arranged around the room leaving a large open area in the middle. The menu was limited and uninspiring, we ordered the Thai burgers - they sounded okay and we thought they would at least be quick. We waited for an hour - they did offer us some bread to keep us going but it came with no aioli or tapenade which we would have enjoyed. The burgers, when they eventually came, were obviously frozen, as were the baps. The sweet chilli sauce had come out of a bottle - the salsa, which at least looked real, was the saving grace. It was a sad meal. The waiter, who was clearly a trainee, told us the reason for our hour wait was that they'd had a lot of room service orders! The staff tried but they needed more training and there needed to be more of them. After being back in the room for about ten minutes the fire alarm sounded - then went off. When my husband went down to reception to check that everything was alright he was told that they didn't even know it had gone off on the fifth floor.The bathroom turned out to be little better - the thermostat on the shower was broken - the water ran scalding hot then freezing cold. The Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries were lovely - the hairdryer only blew cold air. We didn't bother with breakfast - we went to Selfridges instead.It got to the point where it was so awful we were laughing hysterically but it wasn't funny. We weren't on holiday just needed somewhere comfortable to relax, have a nice meal and prepare for the next day - simple requirements which sadly the hotel failed to provide. It is in a fantastic location but, even so, we definitely won't be staying there again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great Location - Good Stay	I too have read all of the bad reviews of this hotel and that may have contributed to low expectations leading to a pleasant stay. I'm also a Diamond HH Member and at this hotel it really doesn't help you much. There is no club/concierge floor and they do not include breakfast (which I think would be the least they could do for their HH Members).I had a small room on the 4th floor with a double bed and the large swamp cooling A/C unit that actually did a pretty good job cooling the room (I should mention the outside temp was around 70-75F). I had a little trouble at check in as I think they are a somewhat unorganized but overall I LOVE the location. I took the train direct to/from Heathrow (Piccadily Line) to Green Park and walked the couple blocks to the hotel. Hung out in the park while waiting for my room was a highlight on a great day. There's a map/guide called 'MAPEASY' that I've really started to like when travelling to Europe. It's waterproof/stain resistant and, in addition to popular sights, they locate great pubs and restaurants for you (the Dublin one is also great!). You have to enjoy a couple of histiric 'pub crawls' while in London and this hotel is in a GREAT location for that!! Happy Travels!	
Aug 5 2008 	Good location rooms not quite Hilton standard	Good location for sights, shopping or business. On the positive side, the personnel was very friendly and attentive. However, the rooms are not up to Hilton standard. I booked an executive room, but was shown to one next to the elevator shaft. Aware of the noise I rejected the room and the only option was a standard room. Did not get any refund for the downgrade. The room was smaller, facing the rear. The fan took half of the wardrobe and there were stains in the bathroom due to moisture and poor cleaning. The bathroom curtain was really grey and dirty. On second morning (Sunday) we had to wait almost half an hour to get a table at the breakfast room. Apparently this is a very popular hotel after all! If the rooms were maintained a bit better, this could become my favourite London hotel.	
Aug 4 2008 	Never stay there again	My mum and I visit London every couple of weeks for a weekend, and we stay at this hotel 9 out of 10 times.However our last stay was sooo bad we will never stay there again.We are gold card holders for Hiltons and so always have upgraded rooms and superb service from them, so we were mortified to see our room was the size of a matchbox and had very old deco and curtains that actually fell off in my hand when i attempted to open them. However this we ignored as we were not intending staying in the room for anymore than to sleep.The room was like an absolute sauna, and had no air conditioning, again we were to fussy about this and tried to open the windows - which was impossible!We called a member of staff to open the windows (which i was afraid were going to fall straight through because they were so old) and he did so. We then went for a meal in the hotel and upon returning to the room at 10pm we could only hear screaming and shouting from outside the window, we were directly above an alleyway full of pubs and bars!The window wouldnt shut and so we spent the night awake by the constant noise from the alleyway one floor below us, and because of our window position the room had no air being blown in and was still boiling!By 11pm i had no choice but to ask for a room change to be told that the hotel was fully booked! My father had previously rung to check availability and was told only an hour before that there were plenty of rooms free for tonight so that was complete lies. The staff member was quite rude and didnt even ask what the problem was and wouldnt let me finish my reasoning of why i wanted to move rooms.Back to the room i went and attempted to go to sleep but to my utter disgust the bed was full of fleas!! Mum and I had flea bites all over us the next day and spent the whole night scratching.On top of this the food in the hotel was unacceptable and i waited 35minutes for a coke and 20 minutes for my chips after my main had been served, my main was therefore freezing and my guests had all eaten by the time i was able to eat. With regards to desert, i ordered a cheese board which apparently have 4 different cheeses, just to recieve four chunks of brie cheese and bread instead of crackers.Small inconviences like this caused this stay to be the worse one ever and to put us off this hotel completely.	
Jul 29 2008	The Green Park Hilton is getting a bad rap.... I liked this hotel!	I read the reviews of this hotel before I left the United States and was very concerned to the point of trying to change my reservations - I was plesantly surprized - a very nice place - While I agree the staff could be a bit more attentive -except for Gil who was very helping in getting us around - overall - the place was nice....I agree the place is noisy but you are in downtown london - overall, I think folks coming here looking for the typical high rise hilton experince might be disappointed - it acts more like a small uk botique hotel - they would benefit from installing more permanent aircon but the stand alone units work fine.Bottomline - the location is fantastic -the green park tube station very close - one thing not mentioned in many of these reviews is the wonderful street right behind the Hilton, Shepard's Market - there are 6-10 fantastic restuarants right around the corner - Again, keep in mind, this is not a five star hotel but they work hard, breakfasts are great. Try to getting the highest floor possible or a rear facing room - should cut down on the noise -I really think the reviewers are being too harsh -this is a nice place to stay!Cheers -	
Jul 15 2008 	very bad experience	Not a pleasant stay. After a long day of site seeing - came back to the room - large wet urine smelling stain on bed. They made no apologies - sent someone to eventually change the bedding. Needed to book a ride to the airport - the conceirge handed us the yellow pages - offered absolutely no help. Did not open a door, nor hail a taxi. Find a different place to stay - this one is not worth the money	
Jul 13 2008 	Adequate for 1 night but noisy!	Just returned from one night stay at this hotel with my daughter as we were seeing a London show. Read the reviews before we went but went with open mind. As previous reviews have mentioned the hotel is very convenient for tube station. Found the room to be fine,everything you could need. Can't understand why people moan about size of room, what do they want to do in there!!? Not much of a view we were facing the street. Main problem was at 3.45 a.m. when council lorry came to collect bottles/glasssware etc from somewhere below us. What a row! It was absolutley disgusting. Make sure you ask for room facing away from street, I am sure that wouldn't be so bad. It was also hot in there. Even if we had decided to close the windows the ac pipe would have prevented us from closing both. The breakfast was very nice plenty to choose from there. Staff that we encountered were all very pleasant. All in all good choice for one night but maybe not any longer.	
Jul 12 2008 	Still Wonderful	We love this hotel. We had an extended stay in 2007 and had a wonderful time. This year we stayed for one night before our flight home (we were traveling around GB). It was like coming home when we walked in the door. My husband was greeted by name before we even got to the desk to check in. Our room was upgraded and it was huge even by US standards. It had been recently redone with new furniture, big screen TV, pristine bathroom. Two floor to ceiling windows over looked Half Moon St. The free standing air unit kept the room almost too cool. We walked to Buckingham Palace and strolled back through Green Park taking time to sit and people watch. The concierge let us log in on his computer to print out our boarding passes for our flight home. The hotel bar was as cozy &amp; comfortable as we remembered. We had a fabulous dinner in Shepherd Market at the The Market Brasserie—perfection. Breakfast was well prepared and fresh and delicious. We were sad as we got in our cab to leave. Incidentally the doorman ran down to the corner to flag down a cab for us. Service with a smile and a great location!	
Jul 12 2008 	great location but don't stay here	We recently stayed here for one night after returning from a cruise. The location is excellent-wallking distance from the tube-GREEN PARK. However, the hotel does not resemble a Hilton in quality. Our room which was supposed to be 2 double beds was one bed and small. We had to then book another room to accomodate our party. The room cost $500 and did not have air conditioning. There are many better choices in London. I would not recommend or ever stay here again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Skip it	This hotel should *not* have the Hilton name on it. I'm a Diamond member and was appalled at the size of the rooms, service oversights and poor attention to detail. I stayed for one week on business and can report: no aircon (portable units only), uncomfy bed (not to Hilton standards), stained sheets most nights and no topsheet on 5th night, never a morning newspaper despite promise that it would be there, dirty carpet, dormitory-quality hallways, roach in breakfast room (didn't return for meals after that!), dead rat outside front door on street, non-stop smoker nextdoor despite sign that it is AGAINST THE LAW (and no staff in sight after midnight to care or stop him), smoke detector was set off by the steam from a 10-minute shower, only one bar of soap and no soapdish (c'mon, gimme something to put it on/in!), scratchy thin towels, shower curtain didn't contain water and slippers literally floated away, rocking toilet, no internet in either of the 2 rooms i tried (despite hours of help from onsite and phone tech support), laundry delivered later than promised with no apologies (had to argue to get it removed from bill). There's probably more but you should get the picture. I wish I could say something nice because I am usually enthusiastic about Hilton properties. But the only positive thing about this hotel is the location -- steps from Green Park and the tube. I probably would have been happier sleeping in the park or on a train. :)	
Jun 7 2008 	great location	Stayed here for 1 night. The location is great and although the rooms were small they were clean and comfortable. No air con, but don't always expect that in UK, especially for a London hotel in this price range (we paid £100 for 2 peopole in a double room). We were suprised that we could not get a coffee from the bar at 11.40pm as they had &quot;already cleaned the coffee machine&quot;. Also no room service after 11pm and nothing nearby for a snack.As we had not eaten since lunch we were certainly ready for and not disappointed with breakfast the next morning. Set us up for the rest of the day!Perfect location for a 1 or 2 night stay for sighteeing, but not in the height of summer.	
Jun 1 2008 	Location isn't everything	The location of this hotel is great and the staff was very friendly and as helpful as they could be. However, the room (a deluxe double) was very disappointing. When we arrived, the temperature was pushing 100 as the south facing drapes were open, and the PORTABLE A/C was not on as the window was stuck shut, and the exhaust hose had nowhere to go. We finally got the window open with our own pliers before a staff person arrived and turned on the A/C. It did not cool the room by bedtime, and it was overly warm. Three times in the night it turned itself off with an alarm clock like beeping. The second night it stopped completely and we had to call the desk again. Also, the room was very inconveniently arranged with too much furniture in too small of a space. The toilet rocked because it was not completely attached to the floor and the shower head pointed either at the wall or at the curtain. The Park Lane Hilton, which is only a few blocks away is a much better choice.	
May 26 2008 	Great location awful room	There is no doubting the usefulness of the location. Across the road from Green Park, itself a pleasant stroll to Buck House and Whitehall. But the room was pokey, without air con, and positively stifling. Opening the window wasn't an option as the next room was filled with drunken Russians listening to Radio 1. The bed was too small for me (6'4&quot;, but few problems elsewhere!), and I got absolutely no sleep. When work intervened in the length of my stay, I was delighted!Breakfast is v. good, but the once stylish Hilton brand has degenerated as far as the tacky heiress who now bears its name. Like the Holiday Inn without the cheer.	
May 21 2008 	Great Location! Very Small Accomodation!	Awesome Location! Steps away from Picadilly Circus and Buckingham Palace. Perfect location to the nightlife, green park, convenient stores, cafe, restaurants, etc.Don't get caught parking at the hotel- £40 per night! Parking is free on the street from 6pm to 8am!!! The rooms are VERY small (by North American standards). 1st room we were given had a step down to the washroom, a 37&quot; flat screen on top of a dresser!?!?! and a queen size bed that looked like a king size squeeze into a hallway!The food at the hotel is excellent, the bar &amp; restaurant area is spacious and comfortable.The staff was just manificient! They had no problem relocating us to a bigger room- (3yr old son, couldn't even move around the 1st room).Recommended, but the room areas are quite 'cozy'Neil- Toronto, Ontario	
May 9 2008	Pleasant Surprise	Stayed at the Hilton London Green Park for a three day holiday. I was pleasantly surpised by the hotel, it's staff, and location. This particular Hilton is a boutique class hotel and is far better than many of it's peers. The room types are either two twin beds or one double bed. (Maybe not the choice for a family vacation to share a room.) The location is roughly three blocks from the Green Park tube station and located in the prestigious Mayfair district. (only a short distance from the Ritz Carlton) The staff was very friendly and helpful with getting around the city. The rooms are not as posh as your typical Hilton, but for 119 pounds a night you can't find better. If you are looking for a hotel at a reasonable price and great location...don't look any further. I will stay at this hotel every time I visit London and would definitely recommend it to others.	
May 6 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	This hotel is in a great location. We stayed here for the original Hyde Park Calling in 2006 and it was literally 10 minutes walk away. In addition, it is 10 minutes walk from various places such as the West End, Buckingham Palace and about 15 minutes from Oxford Street.The hotel was clean and the staff very helpful, especially the concierge and the barman who stayed up until 5.30 in the morning serving us and about 20 other party-goers when we had a very boozy night in there!!The rooms were clean, however, we did have to ask to be moved as the first room we were given overlooked air conditioning units from the bar behind the hotel and consequently, we had to keep the windows shut to reduce the noise. The next room was on the 3rd floor, larger, lighter and had a bigger bathroom which all round was a bonus.Breakfast was great with something to suit everyone.To sum, a great base for London and only 2 minutes walk from the Hard Rock cafe and their pulled pork sandwiches!!	
Apr 24 2008 	Hothouse	This Hilton sits on a side road across from Green Park and just around the corner from the nice eateries of Shepherd's Market. So location is very good, and it is a five minute walk from the Green Road Underground, so one can easily get from all airports to the hotel just by Underground and a brief walk. Mayfair is a great area to stay in, but be careful of this place!We stayed in an upgraded room, and it was hot, with no way at all to control the temperature. The windows opened a little, but just did not help. The heat came out of the ceiling vent, and the bathroom was unbearable. The fan in the closet was broken. But everyone was very friendly and acknowledged that it was a bit hot. And a bit run down. And the concierge could not give good advice, When asked where to get a train to Brighton, he suggested several Underground stops, one of which you could not get a train to Brighton from. This is unforgiveable especially when you drag luggage up and own stairs and end up somewhere you do not want to go,Little things here seem a problem. NO newspaper even though we were promised one. Very expensive breakfast....but go around the corner to Shepherd's Market for many lower cost but very good alternatives.Overall, stay here for the location, pay alot for that, and do not expect the normal Hilton experience.	
Apr 22 2008 	Last time @ Hilton Green Park	Have stayed at the Hilton Green Park on several occasions for business. The rates are always competitive and the staff are generally helpful, but the rooms are cramped, noisy, and uncomfortable. Each time I stay I vow it will be my last. The convenience always brings me back. This last stay was it. The mattress on the bed was ancient, could feel the springs. Every morning at 7am I could hear the janitor bang the door and fill up a bucket of water. Anyone walking down the hall reverberated through the walls. Slamming doors and noise from the elevators was a constant. Next time I will be going back to Le Meridien Piccadilly, worth the extra GBP.	
Mar 26 2008 	Nice Hotel	Stayed there for one night in March’08. I was pleasantly surprised to get an upgrade to Deluxe room plus a complimentary bottle of red wine and an assortment of fruits waiting in the room. I’m only a mid-level Hilton Honors member (Gold) so I’m really not used to being treated with welcoming wine bottle. This happens maybe once every two years (and I am staying in quite a number of Hilton group hotels over the year). Room was quite big (for London standards), including rather spacious bathroom. Room quite recently completely renovated, as was the rest of the hotel. There were some marks and stains from usage, but overall impression was still a good one. All the basic equipment found in the room, from flat-screen TV to ironing board. Didn’t find WLAN though. Lovely “old London style” narrow corridors and squeaky floorboards indicating an old building, you don’t get that anywhere else than in London :-) Nicely located near Royal gardens, even though there’s no direct line of view. View from my 4th floor room was directly to another building across the narrow street, but in London I’m not really expecting anything else. Location is good, plenty of seeing and doing in the walking distance. Tube station almost around the corner. Big Ben is only one tube stop away! Breakfast was good, lots of variety (unlike normal London hotels). Cannot comment about restaurant or room service quality since didn’t try them. No executive floor for Hilton Honor members in this hotel. Would I return there? Yes, absolutely. Price seems to be normally a bit steep though, so have to hunt for bargains	
Mar 2 2008 	Disappointing Room	Unlike other Hilton hotels, this one is unable to follow simple instructions made during the booking. This has happened to me on other stays and I have now given up!The room I stayed in was small and overlooked a noisy road - and was dreadful value for money.Most Hilton's are great - this one most certainly is not. I can only assume that they get so much local business they feel they do not need to try.	
Jan 31 2008 	A small Hilton - A nice change from the normal	I stayed at this hotel on business in early January 2008. It was nice to stay at a Hilton that was smaller than the normal Hilton hotels. Almost felt like a more family run hotel. It's situation was close to the London Underground (Green Park on the Victoria Line) so it made it very handy for most locations in London, but on a quite road. It did not have an Executive Lounge, which I am used to in Hilton's but it had a very nice bar. I eat in the bar on both nights of my stay and it again felt more of a family run bar than the business Hilton hotel I have stayed in previously in London. The bar food was of a good standard too. There was a resturant but I was happy to sit in the bar on both evenings.The rooms were again of a high standard and typical of the Hilton chain of hotels. As I work for a company with offices in Victoria, London, I would not hestiate at staying at this hotel again.	
Jan 21 2008 	return visitors	My husband and I have stayed here a couple of times, It is smaller and more intimate than the larger park lane around the corner, the rooms are warm, but if you turn the radiator off as soon as you arrive it cools down quite quickly, The location is great and the breakfast is wonderful, everyone is helpful and friendly even when you are on your sixth bowl of bar nibbles!! And the evening meals are beautifully cooked and well presented, This is a place where the pace is unhurried and you can completely relax, we are off again in a few weeks and cant wait!!	
Jan 12 2008 	very good hotel	stayed 5 nights last week and have booked another 3 weeks at 4 nights each week for the rest of Jan 2008. I was very concerned given other reviews I had read beforehand but these reviews are very misleading. Hotel is all non-smoking now. My room was a double with small floor space but expected given it is an old Victorian building in London. Sufficient space to walk round each side of the bed with modern furniture, a very large flat screen tV (wall mounted); the bathroom is OK - white suite and has standard Hilton amenitiies. Breakfast choice was very impressive!! I could not fault the choice of hot cooked or cold options lots of fruit choice, cereal etc. Hotel location is great for tube (/metro) access and there are several local restaurants and pubs within 100 yards - Italian, French and an excellent bistro a 10 min walk - called Richoux on South Audley St. Our US visitors would find this hotel 'cramped' but remember it is central London and old buildings to us are pre-1900 not 21st century modern/large etc so it is full of charm and character. Staff are very helpful and friendly.	
Jan 7 2008 	location and value	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend shopping break, I studied as usual all the comments on this site before booking and can agree that the rooms are small, there is no aircon and certain areas would not reach the advertised standard, however overall for the price we paid, £198 for two nights with dinner on one night, breakfast on two mornings I dont think anyone would argue that given the hotels almost perfect (for shopping) location there is better value anywhere in London.We are fairly seasoned travellers and have been to London numerous times, this is a Hotel that is unbeatable in terms of value for money	
Jan 1 2008	Warning: Hotel has no Air Conditioning or ventilation	We stayed at the Hilton Green Park in June of 2006. At the time of our visit London was experiencing an unusual heat wave. When we checked into our room it was sweltering. We looked for the AC controls. Finding none we called the front desk to inquire. They offered to send someone up. When the employee came he pulled a small (24&quot;) tower fan out of the closet and explained that the hotel had no AC. The lack of AC was made worse by the fact that the room had one window opening onto other buildings windows. When we left the room for the day in the morning we closed the window shade to prevent the room from getting sun all day. When we returned at 7pm the shade had been rolled up by the maid and the room was unbearable. We asked the front desk to relay this to the maid staff and left a note for the maid on the shade; all to no avail as every day we would lower shade when we left and every day it would be raised completely and the room of an unbearable temperature. During our stay we were forced to stay out until 10 pm (when the sun was down) before we could return to our room. We never slept well due to the intense heat and no ventilation. Many guests were checking out early due to the room heat. This is not a hotel to book in advance for summer months in the event there is a heat wave at the time of your stay.	
Dec 19 2007 	Nosiest hotel i've ever stayed in	I stayed one night in the Hilton Green Park. Due to being a HHonors Gold card holder I was told i was being upgraded to a Deluxe room ... i would have hate to have seen the standard room.The room was tiny and boiling hot (no air-con). There was no mini-bar and the bathroom looked like it hadn't been upgraded since the 70s.The bed was comfy and complementary water (quite warm water) was provided.The main problem with this hotel is that the floors, walls etc are paper thin. I didn't have to get up early but i was awake from 6am with banging, crashing, shouting from staff. The walls are thin but the staff had no sensitivity to the fact they were working in hotel corridors where people were trying to sleep. I finally gave up trying to sleep around 8am when some drilling started outside my room!On the positive side the location is very central and the price was competative (for December in central London). But i would not stay here again.	
Dec 12 2007 	The Good The Bad and The Ugly	After reading numerous reviews on this hotel before travelling, I really was HOPING it would be better than expected. We've traveled to London before so I knew to expect small rooms, narrow hallways, and tiny elevators.... but this was a total disappointment.The Good: The location is excellent. You can walk to many key places from here. Shepherd's market was a nice convenience on eating options late at night. We LOVED the location. Our room was clean and in good condition. The bathroom and toiletries were also adequate. Breakfast was superb.The Bad: The odd stairs and sloping floors I expected because of the reviews. But the floors actually dip and have soft spots that can trip up even the sturdiest youth. The walls are thin, and we heard people talking in the hallways, and could hear guests in the room above us walking around. The Ugly: This hotel is designated as a non-smoking hotel. What a joke. The halls reek of smoke. It's in the very fiber of the walls and floors. At night I woke up three times thinking the building was on fire only to realize smoke was seeping into the room under the door. Then it occurred to me that people were probably going into the halls to smoke late at night rather than go out into the cold and the rain. It was not pleasant.The Extra: When we arrived we were greet warmly by a friendly staff. We had requested a deluxe large room since our 9 year old was with us. We were given room 129. Don't ever take this room. It was so small that we had to turn sideways to get around the bed. My daughter and I both banged our shins several times. My husband went to the desk and requested a larger room.... stating we booked a deluxe size room. By the time we left the hotel after 2 nights we were sick of hearing &quot;I'm sorry sir...but....&quot; They promised to deliver a small bed to the room for our daughter. We both busted out laughing. We could barely get ourselves and our luggage in the room - there was NO WAY a bed was going to fit. They apologized, comped breafast for the next morning and promised to move us. Now, if you've read any older reviews you will know there is a lovely view of a brick wall. This room has it! I actually laughed when we opened the curtain to a big gray cinderblock wall. Not to mention a glance to the right looked right into the window of the next room down. The 3 of us crammed into one queen size bed for the night - to tired to fight with the staff anymore. The next morning after breakfast they moved us to room 108. What a difference!!! This one looked out the front windows. It had tall ceilings, 2 sets of french door/windows, a sitting area, a chaise lounge, flat screen tv, and was very roomy. We were delighted! The only downside was the smoke coming in from the hallway at night. My summary. Don't take your kids to this hotel. It's probably perfect for a young couple who will spend more time out on the town than in the hotel.	
Dec 2 2007 	So fun and friendly!	I only stayed in this hotel for two nights, but I experienced the utmost comfort and courtesy! Even the smallest room has a large bath and comfortable bed. Any information I needed from the concierge was immediately available, 24/7. The whole staff are warm, friendly, and eager to help. If you have the opportunity, you should definitely stay here! It's only a block away from the piccadily line, a stopping point for many fun locations.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great Location	Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Green Park. The location was excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful. We got a cheap deal at the last minute and paid £63 a night, mid week, not including breakfast. If we had paid the full price, I guess we'd have been a little dissappointed, but we couldn't ask for more at the price we paid. I think we got upgraded to a larger room, prior to arrival, so the room was spacious and the decor modern, with a view over the quiet (for London) street. Our only negative comments are that some of the linen was stained and the walls and door frames in our room were very scuffed and flaky in places and could do with a repaint (everything else in the room seemed really new, so I don't know why they didn't paint the woodwork and walls at the time of the refurb). If you get a cheap deal, then I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 28 2007 	Not your Hilton class	The staff was nice and the location of the hotel is wonderfull. Nevertheless, if you are expecting to experience of good quality you may be disapointed. The hotel is located in old building, but that not explain dirty carpeting, holes in towels and dirty gray window treatments. First we've got the room at the ground facing the street, the noice was not acceptable, so we switched to the back room next to staircase that everyone used because elevatyors are very slow or not all of them working. Also we got charged $48 for 3 minute phone call to the London area cell phone. There is no free internet service in the hotel and such service actually cost $30 for one day use...uneceptable. The hotel was very pricey and the price did not reflect the services and accomodation...very disapointing.	
Oct 24 2007 	Handy for the buses	Good location for public transport and walking to numerous sites, on a quiet (for London) side street. Staff friendly, helpful and numerous. Bedroom very small, very dark, little drawer space, large TV. Bathroom OK, &quot;environmentally friendly&quot; towel policy negated by constantly replacing part-used toiletries. Breakfasts very good, large choice but no variation, twice in four days had to wait (up to 15 min) for a table but efficiently managed by head waiter. Dinners also very good (albeit overpriced but what hotel in London isn't) and adaptable to special diet. Just one minute walk away is an area called Shepherd Market, no market but 6 to 8 restaurants offering better value meals, we had an excellent dinner at Sofra, a turkish place very busy and friendly and also able to do a special menu.	
Oct 24 2007 	Mildly disappointing for the money	Stayed 1 night at the Hilton Green Park in London's Mayfair neighborhood. Quick review...THE GOOD:--Service was excellent all around, I was treated very well.--Location is great, lots to see and do in the area (though I was there on biz)THE BAD:--I was upgraded to their highest level room, and yet, it was a big disappointment. Floors were oddly sloping and uneven with soft spots,shower was laughably narrow, furniture was chintzy, walls VERY thin, and the room wasn't terribly clean.--Internet access costs more than $30 a dayGiven that I paid around 250GBP (around $550 USD at this time), I'd expect a lot more. Small rooms and limited services I'd expect in London, but the other stuff I don't. The place needs an upgrade on the rooms, and they should be embarrassed to charge that much for internet access.	
Oct 5 2007 	great location at the hilton green park	my husband and i stayed at this hotel from friday to sunday and got a good deal booking with the hotel directly which included buffett breakfast which was absolutely fantastic and 1st night evening meal which was also very good and quite alot of choice, the drinks are very expensive!! the staff were very helpful indeed. our hotel room was on the 1st floor a guestroom double which didn't have a very good view at all, but was nice, clean &amp; comfortable. it was our wedding anniversary while we were there, i mentioned this when booking and a complimentory bottle of wine was sent up to us just after arriving!!the location though is fantastic,and alot of sights within walking distance, or tube ride, green park tube station is a 2 minute walk away.	
Sep 20 2007	Great location upgrade your room for sure!	The location is great, right across from Green Park and walking distance to Buckingham Palace. The lobby is very small, staff friendly. I was first placed in a room that was on the ground floor, all the way to the back of the property, and up a strange set of stairs. This room was horrible, too small to move around, closet bathroom, no air. I was over a construction site and a bar, sleep was impossible the first night. The next day I was moved to a nice room on the 3rd floor near the elevator - what a difference! Much bigger room, queen bed, large bathroom, night and day. Definitely upgrade your room or you will be miserable.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great Location	Try and avoid room 127 - very small single and a view of a concrete wall, and no sunlight so the room is in darkness all the time. However a super team of staff and a great location.	
Aug 26 2007 	Way Below Hilton standards	When I checked into my room I could not believe that Hilton would actually put their name on this hotel. I had received a roon upgrade at check in, but even my upgraded room was well below the standard that you would expect from a Hilton.The rooms had no air conditioning, and the decor and furniture seemed very cheap. The rooms were small, but that is expected in London. I have stayed in another Hilton hotel with even smaller rooms, but those room were still of a much higher caliber than those at Green Park.My room was quiet,clean, and the hotel provided a decent breakfast. Location was good, but I would definitely hesitate staying here again unless the hotel goes through a major refurbishment of their rooms and airconditioning.	
Aug 17 2007 	Good location but I wouldn't stay here again	Nice location, just off Green Park, near the Underground. Staff were also very good, but I was not very impressed. Very small rooms (single beds!) with no A/C or bathroom fans. There was also construction right outside my window, so there was no sleeping in. Last, there was next to no TV channels, so if you are like me and up at night getting used to the time difference, I hope you like soccer...sorry, football. It was clean, so no major complaints, but there is better value for your money out there.	
Aug 13 2007 	A really good stay	We booked to stay at Green Park and mixed feeling's due to the reviews we have read. But on arrival we were shown two rooms and chose 343 which was very accomodating but as other people have said there is no A/C so very hot, but saying that we had a comfortable stay.The bathroom window overlooked the old Tavern Ye Grapes and was noisy but only for the Friday night and that was only untill 11.30pm.You will not get view in this hotel as it is down a side street but for location you cant beat it.If you have not got breakfast in you deal dont spend the £20 as there are a lot of eating places nearby example Katies full breakfast £4.We ate in the hotel restaurant on the 1st night and the food was excellent and being a hilton member I used my loyalty card for 50% off on the food but the drink was anothr matter 2 spritzers £16 well overpriced and they automatically take 10% for service. If you are looking for a cheaper drink look for Samuel Pepy's just around the corner from Tesco's.Saying that we would stay here again the staff are lovely.	
Jul 29 2007 	Good all round hotel	The best way to describe this hotel is there is nothing truly outstanding that makes you go wow, instead they do everything very well. We had two interconnecting rooms for three nights for a family of four. The children aged 9 &amp; 11 had to share a queen size bed even though two singles were requested. Our room had a king bed with a small two seater lounge. The childrens room had hardly any furniture and i thought our room had too much to the point that we moved it out of the way. The rooms were immaculately clean though there were some stains on the lounge. Both rooms had fantastic Plasma TV's and reasonably modern furniture. The bathrooms were a good size. The only fault with the rooms is there is no airconditioning (central heating in every room). We had a portable aircon unit that was new but took up awkward space and was rather noisy. Other than that the rooms were more than adequate. Breakfast was included in our room rate. We all absolutely loved the breakfast. Full english buffet. No complaints at all about breakfast, extremely well done. The staff were very helpfull especially the concierge who seemed to know the answer to every question including bus routes, tube stations, theatres the lot. This was very helpful. There was a mix up on check in with our reservation and only one room was reserved yet four persons was noted on our reservation with interconnecting rooms requested. Since we arrived lunchtime this couldn't be sorted until after normal check in time, this was not a concern to us. the hotel provided luggage storage and dual key safe facilities until we returned. We required a late 6pm checkout on our final day. The hotel offered us an extremely reasonable hourly rate until our departure. Location is 50 metres off Picadilly and about a three minute walk to Green Park tube station. Would definitely stay again.	
Jul 9 2007 	Worst Hilton ever!	Good location this may be, but an experience I would happily have missed. I'm a Gold HHonors member and booked two reward rooms at Green Park for a holiday break with family - unfortunately therefore not changeable, or I would have been out in a flash. Despite the Gold membership (supposed to give you upgraded rooms) the first room we were shown was dark, tiny,and on the first floor facing a working demolition site, with dust flying through the open window. Luckily the porter warned us on the way up about the construction! We were then moved to street facing rooms. Because of the different levels in the building a good portion of the room was taken up with stairs down from corridor level. There was just enough space to get round the bed, but &quot;cat swinging&quot; would have been impossible. The hotel had thoughtfully provided rubber guards on the exposed ends of the bed, as it was impossible not to knock your legs on the way past - an admission of defaet if ever there was one. A postage stamp bathroom had not even an extractor fan, never mind a window. The furniture looked like they bought up a bunch of Ikea rejects - a small desk which opens up to a dressing table mirror belongs in a boarding school, not a Mayfair hotel. No room to unpack into a three foot wide cupboard with one shelf, and not enough room for two suitcases to stand - the room may have done at a pinch for one adult, but was very uncomfortable for two. No airconditioning, London summer humidity and double glazing made the room like a sauna, day and night. An electric fan unit stacked into the cupboard worked only on one setting as the remote needed to operate it had no batteries, but was so noisy that you may as well have stayed at Heathrow. The worst part of it all was not directly the hotel's fault - after the traffic congestion charge ends at 6pm, the street outside turns into a short-cut racetrack for half of London cabs and cars, and particularly the Mayfair and Park Lane Maserati brigade, who accelarate as fast as possible from Picadilly past the windows. The problem was that with no aircon, the choice was living through the Grand Prix all night with a window open, in order to get some air in the room, or broil . Service was very patchy - the porters and concierge were excellent, front desk staff defensive and not very helpful (but probably exhausted by the many complaints which we overheard) and the bar staff downright rude. The only good thing - the breakfast buffet, which was world class. Never again, if you're determined to stay in a London Hilton, head for the Trafalgar or Paddington.	
Jun 25 2007 	Sub Standard Hilton Property	One star rating. Only positive and it is a minor positive is proximity to the West End and notice I say proximity as opposed to location.Checked into room 433, was told this was an upgrade.Outside the window of this room is a wall, you can see nothing but the wall, not that I imagine the view from of the front of the property is any better as this over looks another hotel. Billed as the Hilton Green Park I envisaged views over the park. They should call this hotel Hilton Piccadilly as this is a more acurate description of its location. The property is very tired as is the attitude of the staff. This hotel is in decline, it needs to be shut and refurbished. With the staff retrainedThe beds and the other furniture within the room have seen better days.There are much better hotels in the area for a lot less money and I will use one of these in the future. I regularly stay in Hilton Hotels (Diamond) and this is the second worse Hilton I have stayed in. The other is now no longer a Hilton (Manama, Bahrain) so there fore technically this makes this the worst.At over two hundred pounds a night it must have been Dick Turpin stood behind the counter because I was robbed.I could have chatted to the previous occupant of the room as most of him/her was still in the bath.Stay here if location is important and money and cleanliness is not.	
Jun 15 2007 	Location is about the only good thing!	This hotel has a great location, but that's about it! We booked three rooms in this hotel, all of which were extremely dusty and needed the carpets cleaned. After the first night, several of us developed a cough from the dust in our rooms. Additionally, this hotel does not have central air conditioning in the guest rooms, so the staff brings in a large unit that sits on the floor and is vented out the window, keeping the window open all of the time. This is an old hotel, with uneven, creaky floors, so that you can hear anyone walking by your room. We were extremely disappointed and would not stay here again.	
Jun 2 2007 	Clean and Comfortable Base in Central Location	Hotel is situated in a quiet street just off Picadilly. I stayed one night in May 2007 and was more than happy with the service. Rooms are clean and comfortable with modern decor. My room, a single, although quite small, had all amenties listed (except a Sony Playstation!) There is a bar and restaurant on site and the Hark Rock Cafe is just around the corner!Central location to explore London. A short walk past the Ritz Hotel takes you to Picadilly Circus, Regent St and Oxford St - a shoppers paradise! Hyde Park is close by and the upmarket Knightsbridge with Harrods and Harvey Nichols is a 10 min walk.A great base!	
May 29 2007 	No room for your clothes.	A reasonable hotel, although we were on the fourth floor and there were four steps from the door of the room and bathroom up to the room itself, not suitable if you are old or infirm. The room was also quite small, and very little wardrobe/ clothes space. Also no air conditioning so beware in the summer.Breakfast and evening meals were good,and service excellent.	
May 26 2007 	Modern clean and a great location	I stay in London almost every week and I'm always on the look out for good value hotels. This hotel is very centrally located, spotlessly clean with modern fittings and decor. I got a very good price - about £135 p/night but it included dinner and breakfast. I was told by reception I couldn't get my dinner as room service, but when I went to the restaurant they told me this wasn't a problem - they need to get their stories straight! I was charged £3.50 to have it delivered - not a problem. The room I got was on the ground floor overlooking several heating units and looking straight into the windows of other rooms, but for the price, I wasn't expecting anything else. I would say though that if the weather had been particularly hot, the lack of air con would have made the room very uncomfortable. There was quite a bit of noise from local bars which is a problem if you need to keep the window open. I suggest when you check in, you ask for a room on the higher floors.	
May 10 2007 	Just okay...nothing special	The hotel was just okay but certainly can do much better in London. It is right across from St. James Park and close walking distance to a few sites but it certainly wasn't anything that stood out. We got a pretty good rate because we booked in advance but when we wanted to add a night they wanted to charged us 200 pounds. There is no way the hotel was worth 200 pounds a night. The breakfast was fantastic but if you pay the menu price- its ridiculous because there are other great options just a short distance away for 5 pounds.	
Feb 25 2007 	Good location but nothing great	I spent 7 days at the Hilton Green Park for Business. The hotel staff was very nice and they were able to check me in early which was very nice. The hotel is down a side street which is very nice because you don't get much traffic. The lobby is very small but it is very clean and nice. The elevators are incredibly small so if you are afraid of closed in spaces this is not the hotel for you. Once you get off the elevator and walk down the hall the first thing you notice is everything seems small. When you walk in your room you realize WOW everything is pretty small. Every review I had read prior to my trip said the seats in the hotel room had stains and guess what? Mine did as well and that had me laughing. The room was very small but it was good enough for me since this was a business trip. The bathroom was nice and the shower was very big and water was always hot. The bed was nice and big and the pillows were perfect for my head. The Bar and Restaurant were ok and I didn’t have any meal that I could single out as great. The best part about this hotel is the location to all areas of London. If you are in London for a few days and want to see the sights this hotel is for you. You are going to pay a big price for an average hotel but this is London and you are going to pay anywhere.	
Feb 11 2007 	Great food and location room OK.	We stayed on a Hilton winter break for two for two nights with dinnerincluded on one of them all in for about £230. The location was excellent, close to the underground station and a very short walk from Buckingham Palace and Picadilly Circus. Not far from Oxford Street or Charing Cross. The food was excellent and the waiters were friendly and pleasant. The staff were generally great. The room was tidy, clean and fairly modern but not very spacious. That said, we didn't spend a lot of time in it.The hotel is down a side street so there were no noise problems from the London traffic.All in all we were very happy with our stay. The hotel doesn't have much in terms of facilities except the excellent restaurant. That said there is plenty to do nearby.	
Feb 2 2007 	Mayfair - almost	Location was great - one of the reasons for booking.Fabulous food. Staff very efficient rather than friendly, except for the waiting staff who went the extra mile. The room wasn't much to write home about - stain on the chaise longue and nothing but nets to cover the bathroom balcony window. Creaky floors too. Still, for the location and price it was a good deal and if you're after 5 star luxury there's always the Hilton Park Lane around the corner.	
Jan 31 2007	Good location so so hotel	I stayed here in early December and found the hotel to be decent. Actually, the location is all that makes it good; the hotel itself is nothing to write home about. It is very close to the bus and tube and easy walking distance to Piccadilly circus, Leicester Square, Buckingham palace, and most of the other central attractions. Because it was holiday season there were always people out and about, and even being alone I never felt unsafe, even walking back to the hotel at 3am! I stayed in 3 rooms over my stay, and all of them were small by American standards but decent for London, and quite clean. However, this hotel is “historic” meaning it is old and tired, even though they were doing restoration (I can’t call it renovations because it seems like they were just painting and replacing carpet). The floors creak, the hallways are long and rambling, and even the double paned windows didn’t quite keep out the street noise – although my second room was facing the back and was much quieter than the ones facing the street. I requested a non smoking room, and apparently they consider a “room I won’t be smoking in” a non-smoking room. So, the first room I was placed in was on a smoking floor and the halls and room smelled horrible. When I complained they told me it was their “biggest room”. Whatever. Moved to a smaller room on a non-smoking floor which was much more pleasant, so if it matters to you make sure you specify that the whole floor should be non-smoking and not just the room while you are in it. The beds are quite comfortable, and the bathroom is decent sized with a combo bathtub/shower. The last room I was in (extended my stay so they moved me to another room, which was the smallest of the lot but still adequate), ehad problems with the shower curtain, and every time I took a shower water flooded all over the bathroom floor. At least there were enough towels to mop it up! Other reviews have mentioned this, but there is basically no way to control the heating in the rooms, and they kept the hotel excessively hot. Even though it was winter and cold outside, I would open up the windows for at least an hour before going to bed so I didn’t sweat to death at night. The concierge was not even remotely helpful unless you knew exactly where you wanted to go and just wanted them to make reservations (and even then, they couldn’t get you into popular places). I asked for a good Indian and was handed a restaurant guide. Totally not up to par with other hotel concierge services, in London or anywhere else in Europe.My rate didn’t include breakfast so I didn’t spend the money on it, with Starbucks and Pret right down the street. Shepherds Market is right around the corner and has wonderful reasonably (for London) priced restaurants. Still, for all of its flaws, I kind of liked the hotel, and just loved the location. If I got a reasonable rate I would stay here again with no hesitation.	
Jan 23 2007 	Put me off Hilton's	Myself, my boyfriend and two friends stayed at the Hilton Green Park for my Birthday. A friend booked it through a website for £100 each per night, this was a 'special deal' with a 'complimentary evening meal' on night of arrival and a 'complimentary' breakfast both mornings we were there. He chose a Hilton thinking it would be something special...not so.The receptionist didn't seem too friendly when we checked in. We arrived at 6.45 but the earliest evening meal booking they had for us was 9.30.The rooms were tiny and I banged my leg on the edge of the bed twice.They were clean rooms I can't fault that and if it was a case of £60 for the room and £40 for the food I wouldn't feel the need to write a bad review but I have stayed in much better hotels in London for less money. I don't think they should state that the food is complimentary when it's obviously included in the price.On the other hand, the food was excellent, the evening meal was delicious but then we did have to wait until 9.40 for our table to be ready even though it was virtually empty in the restaurant, so by the time we ate it was 10pm and we were all starving.Same with the breakfast, full buffet, anything you wanted, very nice, couldn't fault it.It was just the standard of room for the price we paid.	
Jan 22 2007 	Good Stay Overall	We stayed between Dec 26 and 28 and the stay was pleasant. Check-in was easy (we arrived the hotel at 8:00am and they let us check-in early). Location is great and is close to bus and tube. Room is small but very clean. Breakfast was excellent. Our deal also included dinner on the first night and the meal was decent. We would consider staying there again on our next trip!	
Jan 6 2007 	Lovely Hotel great location but....	Don't drink in the hotel bar !!My husband &amp; I stayed here Dec 29th - 31st, got a great deal with londontown.com, 2 nights B&amp;B plus one evening meal for 198pounds inclusive, well worth the money, would not have eaten here otherwise, as breakfast was around 16 - 18 pounds, nice as it was , way to expensive.Checkin went very smoothly, staff, we found to be friendly &amp; helpful, our room was lovely, very clean &amp; modern. On arrival, as well as the usual tea/coffee making facilities, there was a beautiful fresh fruit tray in the room which had, banana, apples, oranges, strawberries, grapes &amp; star fruit, a really nice touch &amp; yummy. All in All we would stay here again, for all of the above, plus location, BUT definitly not for a drink !!!!! We invited friends for dinner &amp; drinks, met up with them, went to a bar close by for a drink before dinner, then headed to the Hotel , on arrival our table was not ready ( had to wait about 10 minutes ), so my husband ordered drinks, 1 whiskey &amp; coke , 1 vodka &amp; coke, 1 bacardi &amp; coke and a pint of beer, now in the bar we just left this cost around 14 pounds, in the Hilton Green Park this same order cost..........wait for it................. a few pence short of......30 POUNDS !!!! So beware, as much as we loved this hotel &amp; would not hesitate so stay there again, we would not be using the bar as I could never justify spending that amount of money on 4 drinks.	
Dec 2 2006	Super!	I booked this hotel from reading reviews on 'Trip Advisor' and comparing with others in the area - and by price. This wasn't the cheapest deal I could have found, but average for the time of year (20th Nov.). We stayed one night, but wish it could have been longer. Room was very clean, specifically bathroom which I think is beyond 'a must' as hotel accommodation goes. We had a street facing room, which wasn't a problem - you have to expect some noise in central London. The room wasn't small, neither the bathroom - much better than some &quot;couldn't swing a cat&quot; examples. Bed was comfy, seating adequate (one at desk/dressing table) and a large footstool type thing, not that that's important. If I were on business the desk would be a little on the small side, but not a crisis. A portable Air Con. unit was found in the wardrobe along with ironing board, iron, safe, usual laundry bits and extra linen/blanket. Lighting options were good. Toiletrees were by 'Crabtree &amp; Evelin' thus a nice quality and smelt rather good.Room service: quality/quantity of food was super, not overpriced but did take longer than the 20 minutes suggested by staff. Not a problem on this occassion.Location, as anticipated is EXCELLENT,close to lots of attractions, Green Park itself, shopping, tube connections (several), quiet (for London) and safe. Staff gave speedy service, were well informed, corteous, and offered good quality service. Will most certainly return - a credit to the Hilton chain!	
Oct 27 2006	Decent accommodations fine location	Our room was large by European standards: a true double bed at one end, a sitting area -- with sofa, chair, TV set, and tables at the other. The bathroom was small, but included a tub/shower and many toiletries.The restaurant served a full breakfast at a high cost; it also offered lunch and dinner menus with rather good food. (Our first night coincided with the last night of a 'Malaysian Food Festival,' a buffet prepared or overseen by a chef from a Hilton in Malaysia. It was different, interesting, and delicious. The standard menu, a few nights later, was less interesting and less delicious.)	
Sep 26 2006 	Hard to love easy to like	Now that the Trafalgar is getting too pricey for me, I decided to stay down the street at another Hilton. I stayed here for 3 weeks during the height of the summer heat wave. There are no permanent airconditioners in the hotel, but portable ones are avialable on request.Bar/lobby: traditional, clean, functional. Not air conditioned. Bar prices typical of hotels. Newspapers available.Restaurant: good variety of food, but typical hotel prices. Nice concept in style. I ate there three times and was happy with the food. I never had room service. The breakfast buffet is $$$, so go somewhere else for breakfast.Location: 5 minute walk to GreenPark tube station, 10 minute walk to Picadilly circus, the US Embassy (grovesnor square). 2 minute walk to the park to walk of your food (Buckingham Palace is at the opposite side), 5 minute walk to Bond street (luxury stores). The neighborhood is very upscale and you will find Bentlys and exotic cars commonplace - the Saudi Embassy is a 2-minute walk away.Concierge: I never used them, but were always present. Dry Cleaning: fast, good job, but they never got the starch instructions quite right...there is a dry cleaner across the street, but he doesnt do laundry.Food: a couple of grocery stores within 5 minute walk (tesco, M&amp;S). Many restaurants and pubs in Shepherds Market is right behind the hotel. Rooms: I stayed in 3 rooms over my stay, as I would take one-night jaunts over the weekends while there. Rooms are typical small London sizes. Every room had very poor TV reception and channel selection. Why they chose german infomercial channel to be one of the 10 stations you get is anybody's guess...definitely not 4 star material. The beds are comfortable with decent threadcount sheets. I never heard any of my neighboors, so the rooms are well insulated for noise. Not much streetnoise, but remember that if you suck in outside air for your AC unit, you will get more noise. The bathrooms were spacious, clean, well-light, but types of toilettries changed daily. Sometimes you get bodywash, sometimes you get moisturizer, but do get shampoo and soap everytime.The airconditioning is only an issue for 2-3 months in the summer. There are a limited amount of portable A/C units, so make sure you order one asap upon your arrival. The A/C units come with no instructions, so rely on your instincts. Also, they will turn off if you dont empty them of water. I hate it when it turned off in the middle of the night while I was asleep -- I woke up sweaty!I am thinking of trying the more modern Hilton Park Lane that is a 5 minute walk next time I go to London. Probably better for the business traveller, but not as romantic and quaint as the Green Park Hilton.	
Sep 16 2006 	Excellent location	Front desk staff was only slightly friendly. We always seemed to catch them at a bad time, no one seemed happy with their jobs. We had a problem with some changes that were made to the dates of our stay and it was a big ordeal to get it fixed.The concierge staff was great! Always willing to help point us in the right direction. Also, we were there when the unfortunate bomb plot incident happened, and they were more than happy to take us to the local Mail Boxes, Etc. around the corner and carry back our boxes! Not many people would do that! We were not thrilled w/the restaurant. Not much to choose from on the dinner menu, and the English Breakfast was a bit over priced. Needless to say, we grabbed a quick bite at Starbucks or PRET to start our day.The location was excellent! A beautiful stroll through Green Park and there was Buckingham Palance. The tube station was just a couple blocks over and the bus was right across the street. We rode the tube just about everywhere. I highly recommend getting an Oyster card! It's worth every penny!The rooms were nice. There were 3 of us travelling. Unfortunately no adjoining rooms, but luckily they were on the same floor at least. One with a double bed, very nice sized room! The other was 2 single beds. A litte small, but certainly a nice place to hang your hat at night. Bathrooms were nice, the only annoyance was the light switch being on the outside of the bathroom. No a/c in the shared room, but we did have a fan so that helped. The single room had a big a/c unit.There was some construction work going on while we were there. Windows were being replaced to double pane windows, so it was very loud very early in the morning. One good thing about that, we weren't able to waste the day sleeping! Too much to see and do!Overall, good experience. Would probably stay there again, mainly for location.	
Sep 13 2006 	Great location AC only available in King size rooms	The Bad:If you need Air Conditioning then you have to book a King size room to get one of the few portable AC units. There is only 1 ice machine in the hotel hidden on the 3rd floor. Hallways have lots of weird short stairs that go up a couple of steps and then back down a few steps later so anyone with walking problems should avoid any room not on the gorund floor. Take the small slow elevators because the stairwells are down right scary (kind of an outdoor stairwell with tin metal sheeting and no lighting).Hotel claims to be non-smoking, but there are no signs telling folks to refrain from smoking. My family put up with neighbors cigarette smoke, but called the front desk when they lit up stoggies (cigars). Staff did nothing other than tell me the room number of the offender and say they had called and left notes but no one answered (LAME). Damp towels under the door, making coffee to smell something else and opening the windows helped us get thru the nights.If small rooms or smoking bothers you then you should stay at the newer Hitlon on Park Lane a few blocks away. The Good:Was able to cut the price by booking first night with Hiton and the rest of the week with Expedia (Expedia said it was full if I tried to book the entire week). Opted for non-breakfast booking, but ended up being told breakfast was free anyways when we got there (great breakfast buffet).Hilton Green Park is in one of London's most desirable neighborhoods, the May Fair. It is one block from Green Park, one of the 3 largest green spaces in London, and a pleasant walk to Buckingham Palace. It has a underground tube stop just 3 blocks away.Starbucks and a Mark and Spencers grab and go food store 1 block away. So getting coffee and cheap internet access is close at hand.Coin laundromat to do your washing cheaper than the hotel is 2 stops away on the tube (Pimlico station on the Victoria line). Red &amp; White Laundries, 6 Lupus Street SW1V 3DY and another at 64 Lupus Street SW1V 3EQ	
Jul 22 2006 	ok but not great	Pros: quiet neighborhood, great breakfastCons: no air conditioning, small roomsHilton Diamond member, family of four (two adults, two kids 5 and 10) stayed here (2 separate rooms) in July, during a serious heat wave. We sweltered, as the place didn't have any air conditioning. There was a snafu at checkin with a misplaced reservervation, but it was corrected on the spot. The hotel is near a subway line, Green Park (for the kids to run free), and had a good full English breakfast.	
Jul 9 2006	Bad hotel - great location	Excellent location but overpriced. We could manage with the small room, which was tastefully decorated, but no air conditioning was available - hotel provided a small fan. Only one window facing onto a noisy alley. Impossible to keep shower from flooding the bathroom and the towels we used to mop up the floor were later folded and replaced on the racks by housekeeping for reuse as if clean. This was our first and last visit to this hotel.	
Jul 6 2006	Not a Four Star	We are HiltonHonor Members and stayed here from 6-20-06 thru 6-23-06. The staff was helpful and check in went well. Upon check-in they were doing remodeling work in the lobby but did not think much of this. When we arrived to our room, it faced Half Moon Street, the French doors/windows did not open to let air in. The temperature was a pleasant 70 degreeduring our stay, so without the windows opening no air. There is no air conditioning in this hotel. There was mold around the bath tub, and in the corners of the bathroom. The door to the bathroom was on a spring and closed so we had to prop it open to get some light in there as there was only one light in there. The bed consisted of a mattress on some wooden boards, no spring. When we complained to the manager he said he would try to fix the windows, which he did but not until the next day. He also said he would try to upgrade our mattress, which he did not, He also told us he had some air conditioners and would try to get for our room. No air conditioner. The hotel is in a great location but if on vacation do not stay here.	
Jun 19 2006	Cramped	Other than location it would be hard to justify the cost of staying here. The rooms are cramped and by the time you have removed the ironing board, luggage rack, telephone directories there is scarcely room to swing the proverbial cat.The wardrobes are small as are the beds and the noise from the renovations to the building next door is horrendous ( not the Hilton's fault admittedlly), but we were not advised in advance. The window in the bathroom was cracked and the panel under the sink was held together by a series of sticky pads, not what youwould expect from a 4 star Hilton The food was good quality and well presented, we had some difficulty with the speed of service which the staff recognised by way of a complimentary drink. A &quot; discretionary &quot; service charge is applied even on drinks where you are at the bar so be aware of this extortionate add on.Not a hotel that I would recommend.	
Jun 18 2006	Good Location some issues	Great location however has some issues. No air-con although you can get a portable unit which is loud and big, however they only a few and on hot nights are all taken very quickly. If you need a good nights sleep, they provide a fan - which for a Hilton and at this price is just not acceptable. Rooms are small and stuffy but well presented. No room safes are in the rooms but you can lodge articles at the front desk which is a hassle. There is no gym (but there is a great park to run in at the end of the street) and lastly, the iron was faulty and when I asked for the front desk to have it fixed, no response whatsoever.Breakfast buffet was excellent and staff really good. . Actually all the staff were very friendly and very helpful which offset the above issues however as a business hotel should you need to get sleep and to make sure you look presentable in the morning, it is not geared up for this in a london summer. As a tourist hotel in the heart of London, great location.	
Jun 7 2006	Really Lovely Hotel	We stayed at this hotel during May for my birthday after getting a good deal from lastminute(-).The hotel is so close to the tube station which is really handy and when we arrived check in was very quick. The reception staff were very nice and asked if we were there for a special occasion, we replied that this was my birthday. When we got to the room we found a bottle of complimentary wine whichc was a really ncie touch.I found the hotel room to be pleasently decorated and actually alot nicer than some of the public areas.We really enjoyed our stay however this might be because we did get a great reduced rate, the full price does seem to be very expensive for what you actually get.	
May 29 2006	If this is the quaility for Honors members!	I have been an Hilton Honours member for 9 years and used to enjoy the stays accros the UK and Europe.I gave up staying about 18 months ago when the quaility and service started to drop.Having built up thousands of points i thought i would have a night in london and use some of the points.The Hilton in Half Moon Street Mayfair is a great location and close to all the sites. Check in is Ok but the room little bigger then the double bed (UK Double) dirty carpet poorly cleaned bathroom etc etc. Bearing in mind that Hilton Honours is the reward program for there regular guests i would of thought that they would at least ensure that on a reward night the room was of a resonable size, clean and inviting. (still, i should not complain i only spent approx £5000.00 with the Hilton group to earn enough points for this free(?) night)Apart from the location i can not think of any thing else to reccomend this hotel.	
May 28 2006	O.K. 4 Star Prices Not 4 star Quality.	We have just spent 6 nights at the Green Park Hilton in London. On a positive note, the hotel is very well positioned for all the sights of London, as the underground station at Green Park is only a couple of minutes walk from the hotel. Buckingham Palace is about a half a miles straight walk across Green Park, and Piccadilly Circus, maybe a half an hours walk. Upon arrival at the hotel, our deluxe room was not available, so we were given complimentary breakfast which was excellent, and saved us £20 per person. However, the standard rooms we were given were overlooking Half Moon Street, and as the heating in the hotel was overpoweringly high, and could not be altered in the room, we attempted to open the windows. The windows would not stay open, and despite several requests for this to be corrected, six days later the windows had to be propped open with glasses from the bathroom. Unfortunately, as we had to have the windows open, the noise from Half Moon Street, throughout the night was often difficult to deal with. The rooms themselves were comfortable, but very, very small, even for London. The staff were very polite, but often unable to help. The restaurant staff particularly could often not understand requests as their English was inadequte. Maybe I would have had a different impression of the hotel if I had received a deluxe room. To summarise, I would have to say that the hotel does not, in my opinion come up to the 4 star standard that I have previously been accustomed to, but It is excellently placed for all the sights of London. However, the prices in the restauant and bar are very expensive, even for a 4 start hotel. I probably would not use this hotel again, if an alternative hotel were available nearby.	
May 24 2006	Excellent location	We travelled to London on the 17th March for a 2 night stay with friends and booked the Hilton Green Park.We took the underground from Heathrow and got off at Green Park and the hotel was literally only a few minutes away - although our map reading skills left a lot to be desired and we were pointed in the right direction by a friendly doorman!!Upon arrival the check in was quick and hassle free and we were allocated our rooms. Our room was located on the ground floor on one of the wings. The room was large enough for us and clean and tidy. As per a previous review there was no minibar and to the best of my knowledge no vending machine for that late night soft drink - no way was I ordering room service for a coke!!Hotel is in a fabulous location with many attractions in walking distance. We ate at the Hard Rock Cafe on the Friday night and at a restaurant at Leicester Square on the Saturday night and were pleasantly surprised not to have to book and get a table straight away! On the negative side - the hotel bar was extremely pricey however no one is forcing you to drink there and there are plenty of watering holes nearby which are (slightly) cheaper!There was some redecoration taking place in the hotel duering our stay however it did not cause any disruption whatsoever.All the staff were very friendly and helpful and a credit to the hotel.Would definately recommend the hotel again and would also choose it for any further trips to London.	
Apr 17 2006	Wonderful staff!	We booked a Hilton King Deluxe for two nights and asked for a quiet room. The room was super and no traffic noise at all. Must be an achievement considering the Hotel is situated so close to Piccadilly! Hotel full but didn't feel particularly busy. No problems checking in or out.(A couple of very small points - bulb in table lamp and bathroom extractor fan not working. Didn't detract from the stay as fans annoy me anyway.)The staff were very helpful and the service in the restuarant was excellent. The food was good -breakfast and dinner. Our first evening meal was included but I found it a little odd that the menu didn't have any prices, so we decided to try else where on our second night. A lovely Italian restuarant off a side street - Down Street - in the direction away from Piccadilly Circus. Called Prezzo and very reasonable prices.Green Park Hilton only a couple of hundred yards from tube station and in an excellent position to visit everything. We walked to the London Eye, Westminster, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Sq, Oxford St and Covent Garden. Many theatres just up the road and no problems walking back late at night.I recommend the Hotel but didn't see the standard size rooms so can't comment on those. I will book the same room and stay there again.	
Mar 2 2006	Pluses and Minuses	Room was small and the decor/carpet a touch tired, but excellent shower - the most powerful I have experienced. And fantastic London location - with the beautiful Green Park two minutes away, and a multitude of tousist attractions on your doorstep. Comfortable bed too.	
Feb 14 2006 	Great location yet still off the beaten path	I stayed in this hotel for three weeks in early January before securing permananet accomodations in London. The room, even a deluxe, was small but adequate - very clean.The positives are the location and the breakfast buffet which actually may live up to the &quot;best breakfast in London&quot; claim. Traditional US and UK favorites.The wait staff in the restaurant is hyper-attentive, clearing plates within seconds. The bell staff - not so much - granted everyone seems to check in/check out at the same time here.The hotel is actually a bunch of townhomes pieced together on quiet street in Mayfair. So - depending on where your room is - you are likely to hear some floorboard squeaking from people above or around you - thats just the age of the structure.	
Feb 13 2006 	Never Again!!	Booked deluxe room had to change rooms three times on first night due to numerous problems. Rooms small and tatty. However staff very friendly.	
Feb 2 2006	Great Hotel Perfect Location	Recently stayed at the Holton Green Park and was very impressed. When we arrived our room, although very nice was situated next to the lift and a certain amount of noise could be heard. After contacting reception they arranged 3 other rooms for us to look at and upgradred us to a superior suite. The new room we had was perfect, very large and spacious and with the best bedding I have had in a hotel for a long time. The breakfast was excellent, plenty of choice and the tiger brasserie was much better than expected. I have stayed at other Hilton's on the dinner free on first night deal but this is the only hotel where the food was menu based and not a carvery. I have to say the food was excellent. The location of the hotel is great. We did not have to use the public transport at all. Excellent hotel, would reccommend	
Jan 16 2006	Very nice comfortable hotel	When arriving at the hotel the receptionist appeared at first not to be all that friendly. However when he realised I was staying there she could no have been more helpful.I was given a double room on the fifth floor at the rear of the hotel. However as it is on a side street I don't think any of the rooms would be subject to much external noise. The location of the hotel is ideal, being opposite green park and around the corner from the tube station and the Ritz if you fancy afternoon tea!The room itself was veery comfortable and, yes, by american hotel standards the room is small but unless you are going to spend most of the day in the room then you won't be disappointed with the size as there is enough room for a case and two people.The only negative comments I would say about the room which didn't really bother me but were not thought about when the rooms were refurbished was that the tea and coffee tray had to be moved to boil the kettle as the socket was nowhere near this. Also the bath was extremely slippery when taking a shower and there was no bath mat to put down.Breakfast was excellent with a great variety of food. The only thing that spoilt it a bit was the attitude of a female member of waiting staff who appeared quite unfriendly bordering on rude. But the other staff in the hotel were very accommodating and friendly with a bit of a personal touch.All in all an lovely comfortable and convenient hotel. I would definately stay there again!	
Dec 31 2005	Very satisfied	We stayed here for a 3-day break between Christmas and New Year and were very pleased. We were on a bargain break deal and expected we might get an inferior room, but although it was pretty small, it was quite adequate and well appointed, with a good bathroom. We liked the decor in the public areas and the whole place had a very cosy, English feel to it. The buffet breakfast was really excellent, as was dinner in the restaurant. Drink prices are too high but only to be expected in central London. Also, the Concierge service was first rate, with really friendly, knowledgeable advice. Finally, what a location! Would definately go back.	
Dec 23 2005 	Cosy well-located town house hotel	Hotel enjoys great location close to Piccadilly (the west end thereof) and (with a little zig-zagging) isn't far from Bond and Regent Streets either. Has a cosy feel to it and the staff are friendly. Breakfast is pretty good buffet fare though it isn't up to Hilton Park Lane standard as it doesn't have an optional a la carte menu (but your room is more expensive in the bigger HPL). Standard rooms in the hotel are on the small side and I was surprised to find no minibar - just tea/coffee making facilities. Just a bit of a pain to have to order a diet coke from room service! No in-house gym so had to go to HPL for that but again a function of its smaller size. I was in the front and can't say I noticed the noise. PS Why do some folks think they merit a room at a higher level than the one they paid for and then complain about it afterwards (see negative comment a few back)? I had no problem with any aspects of the housekeeping service. All in all I enjoyed the stay and would recommend.	
Nov 18 2005 	My glass is always half full is yours half empty....	Good room at the back of the hotel.Bar prices are bar prices in hotels, you have to accept that...if not drink somewhere else!Breakfast was the standard Hilton breakfast and as such was a good standard. Front of house staff were very polite and helpful as you would expect. Would stay again as good location. Just ask for a room at the back as I think that will impact on the noise levels.	
Nov 16 2005	Excellent Experieince	Having read several reviews before leaving for our trip and now all of them on return I find that a number of people had to be staying at a different Hilton Green Park. This was about our 8th trip to London in the past ten years and we have always stayed at different hotels in different locations. We would stay at the Green Park again in a moment! The location cannot be beat for what is offered in the immediate vicinity, and for the tube stop that is minutes away and has access to multiple lines, and especially for the street access to Picadilly Street and the theatre district a relatively short walk.The hotel was like many others in the London area, a series of buildings now linked together. We found the facilities, lobby, restaurant, and common areas very clean and almost new.I have to admit we used points to pay for the room and we did receive an upgrade to a large room in the front of the hotel. I will say that the noise from the street took a little getting used to, but the bed was so comfortable we had no trouble sleeping. The room was very nice, not overly done and the bathroom was very large. We found the staff to be extremely friendly, they were constantly checking to be sure we were happy. The front desk was friendly, we had to wait for a room as we arrived at 9:00AM (we knew this would happen) but they had one for us in the early afernoon. All in all we would not hesitate, and in fact will return to this hotel.	
Nov 6 2005 	Really Dissapointed the Second Time Around.	This is the second time I have stayed in this hotel and the second time I have written a review. My first review listed here raves about the hotel, however 11 months later I can now only complain. I arrived from Australia as we do early in the morning, however, had paid for the night before to ensure check in at 8am. I told the girl at reception (who refused to make eye contact with me)what a wonderful stay I had had 11 months ago and if I could possibly have the same room or at least the same type. The answer was no!! You did not book that type of room was the answer. She was not at all helpful, yet I was booked in for 7 nights. I went to the tiny room and found no towels,the computer connection broken and then the fire alarms kept going off. I unpacked and went straight to a meeting. When I returned i asked again saying that as the computer connection was not working, that I could not stay in the room. She agreed to move me , to the same size room. I had to repack and move myself. The hallways are grubby and the whole place has really gone down-hill in 11 months. I have recommended this hotel to so many people, but NOT ANY MORE. The hotel staff are not interested in making your stay enjoyable at all. Having said all that, the location is fantastic.	
Nov 3 2005	Excellent Choice	Myself and my husband have stayed at this hotel for the past 3 years on our weekends to London. We would recommend it to anyone. The location is perfect.They usually do special weekend deals that are very good value. The staff are very polite and professional. The rooms, although small(ish), are verycomfortable. The breakfast (which is buffet style) is the best we have ever had in any hotel.One small negative point, is the excessive bar prices,but this seems to be the way with most hotels.Will definately stay there again.	
Aug 29 2005	GREAT Location...... GREAT Hotel	Stayed here August bank holiday.Cannot fault the place in anyway whatsoever. Rooms are excellent, good size, comfortable beds &amp; a nice size bathroom. The dinner was absolutely SUPERB and for breakfast so many choices. The location is brilliant, just off Piccadilly opposite Green Park in a nice quiet street. Green Park tube station is a 3min walk.Cannot understand the not so positive reviews left.	
Aug 16 2005	Cosy hotel in great location !	We stayed at Hilton London Green Park for two nights in August 2005. We had booked two deluxe rooms through Hilton internet page and got a great offer (£ 129.50 per room per night, VAT and breakfast buffet included). The room was large and very nicely decorated (white beds, light brown carpets and chairs) and the bathroom was huge. Dinner on the first night was included and was very good, breakfast buffet was excellent, with plenty of choice to choose from. And location was great, only 50 meters from Piccadilly and 7 minutes from Piccadilly Circus, in a side street with little traffic. We were very pleased with this hotel, which was the best from the three hotels we stayed at in London (the two others were Sheraton Park Lane and Holiday Inn Mayfair). The only down point was the fact that the restaurant did not have enough room for all guests, so that we had to wait for ten minutes to have dinner on the first night and to have breakfast the second morning.	
Aug 7 2005	Not great.	I really cannot believe all the four and five star postings. But before I rant I must divulge that we stayed there using Hilton points...so it didn't cost us anything. The only reason I could think of for the high ratings is price.This was a nice hotel forty years ago. It is essentially four or five buildings stuck together to form a hotel. Yes, the location is good. But the shabby lobby, dark and narrow halls, tiny rooms, no air conditioning, etc., do not make up for location. There is a very good Italian restaurant around the corner; Pappagallo. Expensive, like everything in London. Just grit your teeth and pay.	
Mar 14 2005 	Would not stay again	I stayed one night on business and was not favorably impressed. The room was small with a twin bed and was very cold (stayed 3/9/05). When I called the front desk to ask for several blankets, the person who delivered them asked if I had another person in the room with me! The bathroom was very clean and looked newly renovated. I found the staff to be indifferent, at best, and even on check-out was not asked how my stay was. I would not stay again.	
Feb 27 2005	Great location	Recently stayed for one night, staff very accomodating and pleasant. I had a room on the ground floor facing the road and although it had secondry glazing it was very noisy but what do you expect it is central london and if you want the location!!!!!!!!! Room comfortable and plenty of tea and coffee. Will definatly stay again.	
Dec 1 2004	Getting Better.	As in all real estate, Location! Location! Location! Walking distance to the Green Park Tube station. Convenient to the theater, museums, etc.This was our third visit to this hotel and our fourth trip to London. The urgently needed renovations were just completed in a minimialist decor. The rooms are still the same size. Clean and neat!Front desk staff expects you to believe them when they say there are no other rooms available to upgrade to. The first room, # 505, on the top floor, facing the rear and quiet was fitting for a Gosford Park servant with a twin and a half bed being used as a double and an ottoman as a chair.We were able to change to another standard room, # 114, , facing the front, noisy, across from the elevator, which had a queen sized bed and one real chair.The bathroom is large and bright. The amenities are minimal.The concierge staff is wonderful and can do anything on earth, except get you a better room.The bar is overwhelmed with cigar smoke and no air circulation. The bar staff prides itself on their motto, &quot;There is no way to get coffee, food or snacks after 11:00 PM, only liquor or beer.&quot;Ignoring all that, just stay at the hotel and send Erol a fabulous concierge my regards. Sincerely, Howard Newman	
Nov 1 2004	GREAT VALUE DELUX HOTEL IN CENTRAL LONDON	i have staid at many hotel in london, including Hilton's.A few minor problems really. had booked a delux room but was allocated a standard due to lack of availability. Standard rooms are very small, have no a/c and very small beds. Having aired my concerns, i was upgraded to a junior suite (which i had to pay £40 extra for) but it was £40 well spent. a major improvment from a standard room. had to wait bout an hour for house keeping to clean the room. But a very spacious and tastefully decorated suite. very large lounge sitting area and huge bathroom. But again no a/c just a portable unit that did not work because it was full to the brim with water. asked reception to come and empty it, but never came. Apart from the minor service issues, a very pleasant boutique style hotel with good location to west end.	
Sep 21 2004	Nice place	We stayed at the hotel from 9/9 thru 9/14/04. I felt the hotel was a nice place...let's face it, many hotels in Europe are not up to our American standards. I knew the hotel did not have air conditioning (at least in the room I booked), so luckily it was not hot. We were given a room in the back on the 2nd floor with 2 windows. Though a bit small, we were very happy with it. The hotel was gracious enough to allow us to rest in an available room on the first floor facing the street when we got there, as we took a red eye over from the US. I would suggest you request a room in the back if at all possible, as the street was loud. The staff was accomodating, and the hotel is in a great location, just a 2 minute walk to the Green Park station, where you can pick up 3 lines on the tube. You can take the Picadilly line directly from Heathrow to Green Park, it takes about 45 minutes in rush hour...but I'm sure driving would take longer. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel.	
Sep 7 2004	New and zen	Been there from July 4th to July 6th 2004.I was given a newly refurbished room in a pure zen style, much more beautiful than those in classic english style advised in the photo gallery on the site of the hotel.The conditioning was very efficient, although provided by a portable air conditioner placed near the window. No minibar, but what's the matter?Very good breakfast, although air conditioned too high.Good restaurant and good service. Non existent concierge.Prefer this hotel than the other Hilton in the nearby (the Hilton London Mews).Overall, a good hotel wonderfully positioned in the heart of Mayfair, one minute away from Piccadilly right in front of Green Park.Unforrtunately, is not very close to any Wagamama restaurant: what means that I need to walk for twenty minutes before sitting for dinner!	
Aug 17 2004	Lovely hotel in an excellent location	I stayed in this hotel in August 2004 and would highly recommend it. It is a nice small hotel with a homely feel and decorated in a contempary style throughout. The staff are great and could not do enough for us, even serving us a complimentary cocktail in the bar one evening. Breakfast was delicious although we did have to wait quite a while for a table one morning. The rooms are quite small but clean and modern. My only issues were the fact that there was no airconditioning in the room (although a fan was provided), or was there a minibar/fridge or safe which I find quite poor for a 4 star property. It is the location of this hotel which cannot be faulted. Situated on a quiet side street in the heart of Mayfair you can walk to all major West End attractions. We didn't have to use the tube once during our two day stay. There are also some lovely pavement bars and restaurants in a courtyard just at the back of the hotel. All in all, a great stay.	
Jun 29 2004	Spoilt by lack of air con	The hotel is in an excellent location and is well presented, with an impressive and welcoming foyer. Bedrooms are beautifully decorated, with contemporary furnishings and quality bathrooms. The staff is pleasant and anxious to please. Standards of housekeeping are high.The one big problem is the lack of air conditioning in the bedrooms (although it is installed in the attractive restaurant). This makes it difficult to sleep in the summer months. I was told by the reception staff that it is being progressively introduced and that all suites and deluxe bedrooms will have it by September 2004. I suggest that anyone thinking of staying here checks beforehand.If it were not for the lack or air conditioning, I would award this hotel four stars. Until then, it deserves only three.	
Jun 29 2004	Good value great location	We had a nice stay in the Hilton Green Park - an old hotel that has been given a nice contemporary feel. We were upgraded to a deluxe room which was very nice - slightly odd layout to the room, but again a clean and fresh feel, big bed and good bathroom.The hotel has also taken note of the a/c complaints, since we had a mobile a/c unit in our room, and a fan. The breakfast buffet which we had included in our rate was great, but the Friday night dinner buffet (also included) not really that worthwhile.The location is great - central for everything, but on a quiet street so there is little noise. If you are looking for a central, clean hotel with a good breakfast at a decent rate you could do a lot worse than the Green Park.	
Jun 28 2004	A little too old	This hotel is very close to central London (15-20 minutes walk to Piccadilly) and Green Park Tube Station (2 minutes). Nothing special to report. The room was small but clean, the bathroom looked dirty, but it was just old. 100% British style.It is not worth the money you pay.	
Jun 3 2004	A great experience....	We loved our stay here. A few minor irritants, but the hotel handled them very well. When we arrived last Saturday, they hadn't upgraded us, but when I requested an upgrade, they obliged to a nice room, but we overlooked the back alleys and there was some noise. I had asked to be moved when possible and the second night they did indeed move us. We were now in a fine suite, room 529, still overlooking the back alleys. But because we were now 5 levels above the ground, there was no noise. The rooms are stylish, clean, spare design. Comfortable king-size beds, great bathrooms, great water pressure. Breakfast was good. Breakfast was nice and the bar is probably the most comfortable place we found in our entire UK trip to sit and have a drink. It is spacious with comfortable easy chairs and couches. We sat by a window that we opened for fresh air and it felt wonderful to rest our weary bones with no smoke in a comfortable chair. Now the price of that drink is a bit ridiculous. 8 pounds for a glass of white house wine, translates to almost $15 for a glass of house wine! I was inclined to put up a fuss about that bill, but the following day they won me over with a very nice gesture. Due to high wine price at the bar, we'd bought a nice inexpensive bottle at a small shop, had drunk half the bottle before we left for the day. Upon returning, the bottle was gone. I called and asked where my bottle of wine had disappeared and they delivered a full bottle of much higher priced wine to the room within minutes. Not a terribly expensive gesture, but the kind of gesture which makes you appreciate a place.BTW, the location here is perfect. Quiet side street, within a block of Green Park, 1 block to Shepherd Street area behind the hotel which had at least 10 restaurant/pub choices for a nice evening, most of which served outside, 1 block to shop where cheap wine and snacks were available. We were able to easily walk to every sight we wanted to see with the sole exception of the London Tower and the Globe which we accessed by boat.	
May 22 2004	Cannot recommend this Hilton		
Apr 26 2004	Green Park Hilton in London		
Apr 13 2004	Some Negatives Some Positives		
Mar 18 2004	No in-room safe		
Jan 5 2004	Great refurbishment Fabulous Staff		
Nov 19 2003 	Amazing refurb. All New		
Apr 23 2003	Tatty		
Mar 12 2003	Not worth the money		
Mar 11 2003	Quiet 		
Jan 30 2003	It was better before Hilton bought it		
Aug 17 2009 	Decepcionante y caro		
Aug 17 2009 	bien placé petit hotel		
Apr 13 2009 	Hilton Green Park Trop bruyant !		
Oct 27 2008 	??????		
Oct 21 2008 	???????		
Jan 22 2008 	da evitare		
