	Very good value and service for a London hotel	Novotel London West is the prefect location for travelling in and around London, the hotel has very good links to Heathrow. Access by car is ideal with the M4 being close by and a large car park on site, which is excellent value for a car park in London.The room are very spacious and have a lovely modern décor that adds to the cosmopolitan feel of the hotel. Surprisingly for a city location close to main roads I had a very peaceful night sleep, could not hear any hustle or bustle which is rare to find in a London. The new restaurants and bar areas are ideal for both business traveller and leisure travellers a big improvement to the hotel. I have stayed a number of times at the Novotel London West and I must say the service has also been wonderful and would recommend the hotel.	
	My weekend at the Novotel London West	Clean, tidy and modern. Friendly and very helpful staff.Meals ridiculously expensive and very poor value for money. I would definately not recomend the tuna salad which Shame since it let the hotel down.	
	hammersmith best hotel	Hotel rooms are very nice with improved showers and wifi, the new restaurant is so much nicer and modern	
Nov 23 2009 	Loved this hotel	Great hotel, very easier to get to from motorway and easy parking. Also tube station just a few mins walk which is great if need to go into centre London.The hotel has recently been refurbished and a lot better than it used to be, reception area bright and airy with brand new apple computers where you get 20mins free.Bar and resturant area good to modern, loved the single booths in the resturant for single travellers as you get a TV to watch while enjoying your meal.Breakfast excellant with loads of choice, dinner you get 2 options a buffett or a la carte both excellant to.Bedrooms are well equipped for overnight stay - I had a superior room which would definatley recommend as love the walk in shower.Have stayed here lots of times and have a great stay each time and service excellant.Only thing missing for such a big hotel is any health/swimming pool facilites on site..	
Nov 22 2009 	Improved after renovation	This is a business hotel and you get exactly what you pay for, nothing more nothing less! Great location though close to Hammersmith tube station. It did have a bit of an 80's feel to it, but now after a major renovation the whole lobby and restaurant area is fresh and modern. Very helpful staff both at reception and at the restaurant.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great for corporate events	Conveniently located a stone's throw from the Hammersmith Tube stop, this is definitely a corporate friendly hotel. Never a fan of food in the UK, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and calibre of the newly renovated restaurant located adjacent to the lobby. Guest rooms are simple and clean (standard universal Novotel rooms as I have experienced many and even the furniture matches across oceans) - good for short corporate stays.	
Nov 17 2009 	Nice enough but not homely. Lacked character.	Had a weeks stay here just recently, and it's nice enough. Clean and comfortable. Nice big double room. Typical hotel decor. Carpets need a refit though in the corridors. No air con, just heating. TV OK. Internet was expensive at £13 / night but how that compares to others I couldn't say. Speedy check-in and out. Food was nice, good range for breakfast. Dinner again good quality. Only met one English member of staff, others were Polish or East European, which made it less friendly. Spoke in Polish to each other which to me is extremely rude, especially in the restaurant. Maybe their concept of friendly is different. A smile and a hello wouldn't go amiss. Was very busy but guys cheer up a bit! The only guy who seemed cheery was the American guy (Jason?) on reception. Oh, and be ready for lots of police sirens as it's by a police station. Quiet enough other than that.	
Nov 11 2009 	very good hotel...enjoyed staying there	I stayed for one night as attended a conference there. The rooms are a very good size..the largest London hotel room that I have stayed in. Bed very comfy and linen/towels spotless. Breakfast was superb with an extensive choice and tasted great as did our hot buffet lunch. I would recommend this hotel if you are there on buisness in that area or en route to Heathrow. I had some concerns before going there after reading various reviews but I guess some people are hard to please! My experience/stay was a positive one.	
Nov 10 2009 	Very good service but rooms are not matching it	Novotel in Hammersmith is very good located, next to the tube station Hammersmith. I have been there before, some years ago. The service -personal got even better, but the rooms show signs of wearing down. Drains need fixing, things like cables are missing and for some reason one is charged before its possible to watch TV.Breakfast was included in the prize to years ago - now the room cost the same, but the breakfast comes with an additional 17.50! Around the corner in Hammersmith, one gets a hearty english breakfast with super Cafe Latte for 3,50 GBP. New was an internet area, with four places, great monitors! But it was constantly out of order or people were standing in line, waiting, Everybody gets 20 minuits, maybe this could be cut half. And children should have there own pcs for playing.The staff was very attentiv and friendly. They obviously enjoy working there.	
Nov 7 2009 	It was like Faulty Towers - I will never stay at this hotel again!	I booked and paid in full for 4 days B&amp;B about a week before my visit. I booked online direct with the hotel for an executive room which advertised free WIFI service. This service was a key factor in my decision to stay at the same hotel which held the internet marketing conference. Upon arrival I was given a smaller room than that which matched the online photo and the bathroom had just a hand held shower in the bath which I considered inapproproate for an executive room at £150 per night. Eventually I was moved to an executive room which matched the online description.Every morning there was a breakfast queue due to inadequate tables for the number of guests. Every morning there was 15 to 20 minute wait for a table. Almost everyone commented about the long wait in the communal areas and lifts. After waiting 20 mins in the breakfast queue on the first morning I provided my room number and was told I hadn't paid, so was refused entry to the breakfast area. Despite informing the breakfast staff that I had paid and asking them to call reception, they refused. I was told to go to reception and resolve!. I was embarrassed in front of a queue of waiting quests. I waited at reception for some 20 mins whilst a large party were booking in. Reception staff apologised and were polite and promised to inform the breakfast staff that I had paid for breakfast.I returned to the breakfast area and was told to wait by the side of the queue until reception called to confirm I had paid. Some 5 minutes later I was shown a table but told not to eat until they had received confirmation from reception. With no news some 10 mins later I asked if reception had called. No - they had forgotten! I was told that I could have breakfast and when finished to return to the till area. Now late for my seminar I had a quick tea, returned to the till area and informed staff that I had to dash and would be back tomorrow. Despite staff's insistant that I stayed I left to attend the seminar on the ground floor. After the conference I phoned reception from my room and was informed the matter had been resolved. Next day the same thing happened - queued, told not paid, refused entry, referred to reception, back to the queue. This upset me and ruined breakfast. BUT UNBELIEVEABLY this same fiasco happened on FOUR consecutive mornings despite daily reassurances from various reception staff that my room details had been changed to confirm that I had paid for breakfast. On the fourth morning I was questioned by the same breakfast member I had met on the first morning! No apology was given at reception just an OK I'll inform staff. APPALLING CUSTOMER CARE!Although executive rooms are advertised as free WIFI this is not the case. I was unable to access the internet from my room until the 4th morning despite support calls to reception. The hotels IT guy advised that I couldn't use WIFI only the plug in via the hotel mouse at a minimum fee of £7.99 per hour. (Cheaper for longer)I very rarely complain so for me to do so shows how bad it was!I hope the Manager reads this and is aware that lack of WIFI internet access and 20 min breakfast queues alienate customers!EX CUSTOMER	
Nov 1 2009 	Shabby Rooms But Clean!	We stayed at the Novotel London West for two nights Thursday and Friday in November 2009. The Hotel reception / business suit is quite modern, however, the rooms are dated and looking a little shabby but they are kept clean. The buffet breakfast on the Friday morning was acceptable, on the Saturday morning the buffet breakfast was cold, and they obviously have less staff working on a weekend so the service was very poor. Save your money and get breakfast elsewhere there are loads of places to eat in Hammersmith and for £17.50 you could have Fillet Steak for breakfast!! Overall the Novotel London West is a business hotel and must get their Star Ratings on their business facilities as it surely can’t be based on the standard of the rooms.	
Oct 30 2009 	Good communal areas but shoddy rooms	Nice bars restuarant etc, but the rooms were artexed plasterboard and you could hear next door turning the pages of their book! Food, value, etc was overall ok but I'll be looking a bit harder next time.	
Oct 29 2009 	Big rooms but...	The hotel had nice and big rooms, and are located nearby the train station from Heathrow, a short 5 minutes walk from the station.Nice breakfast-buffet, but i was shocked to experience the prise of internet-access for this kind of hotel when the price for a room is this high.	
Oct 22 2009 	Clean basic convenient to tube rooms a bit small but decent	We booked this room on Priceline's name your own price for $71 with 3 days notice, which was much less than the hotel's advertised price online of $170-210 per night. We were looking for an inexpensive place to stay that was close to the tube station. This hotel is about a 3 minute walk from the Hammersmith Tube station. When you exit the station, there are street signs directing you where to go. You will either need to haul your luggage up 25 stairs or around a bumpy ramp (than almost knocked off my suitcase wheels). The front desk staff was friendly, but we were disappointed to find out that there was no free wifi (as mentioned on several travel websites). Internet connection was 12 pounds per day, or you could go into their business center to pay one pound for 20 minutes on their own computer. The room was small, but adequate. The bed was very stiff....I was uncomfortable but my husband didn't mind it. There were two regular sized pillows, with a bunch of little throw pillows. There was no top sheet, just the fitted sheet and duvet. The bathroom was fine, but a little outdated. It was rated as a 4-star, but I'd consider it a 2.5 star. It met my needs, we got it for a reasonable price, but I would not pay rack rate for it.	
Oct 16 2009 	Bright contemporary hotel with excellent service	I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Novotel London West as part of a hotel inspection trip to London.The hotel is very clean with attractive modern decor. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and have the standard ammenities. The buffet style breakfast and luch are exceptional with a large variety of choices.The staff is friendly and helpful- our hostess Charlotte Jean was very gracious and welcoming.The hotel is located in a quiet part of the city but within minutes of the London Tube which enables travel to any part of the city, as well as to the London Heathrow airport.	
Oct 15 2009 	Nice sized clean rooms and Very Nice lunch	Had a great experience..nice big rooms and very friendly staff, from checkin to restaurant to sales staff. Met with Charlotte Jean, at the hotel who was very hospitable, friendly and was willing to help in any way she could. Had a lovely buffett lunch...lots of delicious options.Would definately recommend this hotel. Thank you.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed here recently and had a good stay. The check in was easy and quick (which is really important to me), the room was nice and the food also great - they have just changed the restaurant so all newly done up. The hotel is close to Hammersmith underground (again important to me) which makes it easy to get to from elsewhere in London. Lower prices than a lot of central London hotels.Recommend people to stay here.	
Oct 2 2009 	WOW New Restaurant 	I have been staying at Novotel London West, for several years, I read the reviews and smile, sometime its not always perfect, but lets face it no hotel is, Personally I have never had any issues, The hotel is great, the hotel has just opened two new restaurants and bar... My self and some work colleagues have eaten several times now in the new restaurants, and the food and service is exceptional. As always my room is fresh, clean and spacious... SO THANK YOU Novotel Staff... I will continue Staying with you.	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent Stay	The hotel is clean, bright and spacious. Upon arrival the hotel staff are very attentive.The room was spacious with a queen size bed and a double bed for the children. These can be 2 singles or a double.The restaurant staff are very helpful, cheerful and immaculate.Breakfast was buffet style and amazing.Excellent stay	
Sep 19 2009 	Great hotel long way to city center	In general this is a great hotel. We had room number 5001, that's at the end of the hallway thus almost no one comes past your door. We hang our &quot;DNdist.&quot; sign on the door after reviews stated that housekeeping woke them up to early. We had no problem with this (due to the sign maybe). The bed was comfortable, it's a spacious room considering the average size of a room in London and the room was verry clean! You have a lot of choice considering the breakfast (english style), the only ownpoint is that you have to share a pot of marmalade, cocopaste and others with all the guests. But this is really a itsipitsy problem. The H&amp;C line and other lines that stop in Hammersmith are a 5 minute walk from the hotel. From St-pancras station you may need a 30minute tube ride, for the city centre (tover bridge) count 15-20 minutes. There are not that much restaurants in de neigbourhood, but there is a small shopping centre at the tube station of Hammersmith.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good base for exploring London	Stayed in Novotel during my visit to the Chelsea Flower Show. One of the reasons we picked this hotel was its location close to Chelsea and also close to Victoria for the coach back to Stansted. We took the tube from Victoia to Hammersmith, we found it a little difficult finding the hotel and used started to use my phone for help directing us. Then once heading the right way we found signs for the hotel, which we then followed. Not an obvious entrance to the hotel but well kept with lanscaping and plants. Efficient check-in service, option of breakfast which we declined as we felt it was expensive, but may be worth money.En-suite room was very well equipped, with electronic safe, trouser press/iron, tea/coffee making facilites and t.v. A very comfortable bed, enjoyed a great nights sleep.Maybe a bit far out for some but we really didn't find this a problem, using subway and when the subway closed at night we used bus, which was covered with our 3 day travelcard we had purchased for our stay.I intend to use this hotel again on future visits to London.	
Aug 25 2009 	below the standards	The room was dirty (hair spread on the bed and in the toilet). Also on the accor site we booked a room for 4 but the hotel gave us one for 3 persons. We were asked a supplement for the bigger room. Every night we had to ask additional towels because the waitress only provided towels for 3 people and this went on for 5 nights. So it is not always true that a big hotel chain ensures uniform quality standards allover the world. My advice is: if you get a good offer this is going to be a reasonable accomodation. Differently, the hotel is not worth the full price they ask you.	
Aug 24 2009 	Location Near Hammersmith Subway Station	Hotel is located about 3 to 5 minutes walk from the subway station. Room size is moderat'e since after open the sofa bed you do not have room to walk in the room. You have to pay for internet wifi, but we found an option at subway station Macdonald's where wifi is free. If you have a GSM tri band phone you can buy a sim card from Orange shop at the subway station. Linens are clean, left lugagge area located below the lobby, convenient to travel from hotel to downtown sightseeing area. Stayed for 6 nights.	
Aug 23 2009 	Don't Drive here	Good hotel, but was shocked to find a £1 per hour charge for the car park for residents and no price cap despite length of stay. Very nice hotel otherwise.	
Aug 23 2009 	Two star hotel	Room Quality - The room felt like a travel inn, which is fine because I guess I only paid Travel Inn prices but if you came here for a four star room experience then you will be sorely disappointed. The furnishings are basic at best and the bed/bathroom were definitely equivalent to most two star places I've stayed.Restaurant - The food was awful, it was overcooked and absolutely terrible for the price I paid (£20). I like most food but rubbery cheese, fried through chicken and veg that had just come from a packet was not the best value for money and it tasted awful.Facilities - I was only staying here one night so I didn't get to try much. The internet was ludicrously expensive (not much of a surprise for any hotel tbh). The reception was excellent and the service was fast and pleasant. The staff were courteous throughout and the hotel lobby was generally very nice and well kept.Conclusion - The hotel is not a four star hotel. This is a two star hotel/possibly three stars. It's nice enough for a short stay but it's not a relaxing hotel experience. If all you want is a bed for a night it's fine. Just don't expect that much.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great rooms and accomadation staff restaurant too slow and $$$$	This hotel is in Hammersmith so well outside the city... the tube is a 5 minute walk in fact that was with my mother with a walker. The staff were exceptional for the accomadation but the restaurant was really slow and had to be prodded for service. The check in and check out was steller and the front counter bent over backwards to answer our tourist questions and directions. although everything is expensive we found with the exception of the restaurant the was a great bang for your buck. 25 min tube ride got me to the tower of london. We stayed in a room with a queen and a pull out sofa that split into 2 seperate singles perfect for our 12 and 9 year old there was no &quot;he's touching me&quot; We would stay again and you will not be dissapointed but suggest go to the mall with the tube station and get breakfast from the crepe shop and get a starbucks. By the way the bar in the morning offers toast and croissants for about 6 $ lb but the coffee although great costs you dearly if you want the Canadian size or refill.	
Aug 3 2009 	Cardboard motel	Since the management seems to read and respond to these reviews, here is tip: train your cleaning staff. The hotel seems to have hired all the manpower from southern and eastern Europe, which is a good thing for employment (kudos for that), but as a result, you have an army of staff roaming the corridors starting from 8 am all the way to late afternoon, vaccuming, speaking loud in groups, and I even saw a few sitting on the floor deep in conversations. Since this hotel seems to have been made out of cardboard, we can hear them cleaning rooms upstairs, downstairs, to the right and to the left from 8 am. You can't change the walls, and you can't change the uncomfortable beds, but the management should do a better job at training its huge staff in discretion for tired travellers. Despite the modern look of the lobby, this particular Novotel gives a motel feeling. Granted I was there when some auditions were going on, and the corridors and bar were full of singing teenagers in glitter outfits. Can't imagine what the place would be like without these props in normal times but can't imagine that it would be a pleasant place for business travellers, who must be the main guests, since the location is smack in the middle of office buildings and tad bit far from attractions/main shopping area. Wifi did not work in the room, expensive to log in from the lobby area. Three internet machines in the un-staffed (that's where they should relocate some of the surplus from the corridors) business lounge where a pound will buy 20 minutes (good deal) but that is if you have the patience to wait for the teenagers to get off their chats.	
Jul 29 2009 	Weekend of the 24th July	Staff were extremely helpful and really looked after myself and my colleagues. The food buffet selection was poor in comparision to other 4 star properties I have stayed at. the rooms were Executive Double bedded rooms and I found them very spacious but the Accor procedure of not having proper pillows on the bed more cushions made my sleep light and was frequently interupted. Finally the cleaners in the morning would of had one of the rubbish cushions thrown at them if they had knocked on the door once more, 3 times in between 8 and 9am is abit over the top!	
Jul 29 2009 	Basic Hotel	The hotel was nice and clean, although the rooms were quite tired and the beds are uncomfortable.The food was not up to scratch. It is a buffet for dinner and the food was cold and not of a high standard.The service recieved was good, easy check in and check out.A lot of foreign travellers, so if you like to be surrounded with English people, then I would not recommend this hotel.All in all, good stay, although quite over priced.	
Jul 28 2009 	nice tidy well priced hotel in a central area	I spent 5 nights here and enjoyed my stay. It is a very central area. There are a number of restaurants and pubs within close walking distance. Train station is close by and lots of shops. The hotel although could do with a refurbish was good value for money. One fault was trying to get a taxi. They sit out the back most times however when we had to wait and we asked the reception to call one they used a private driver instead which was twice the price. Lucky it was only a short trip. Email was also a bit pricey however there is a starbucks across the road so I set up my office there each morning and was a cheap breakfast option too. Overall a good stay in a good position at a reasonable price.	
Jul 28 2009 	Not up to par	The room was small, even by Euro standards, and with the fold-out couch/bed out, no room at all. The room had only a heater. There was NO A/C. The room was always hot, and for any sort of respite, the windows had to be opened. Between the 4 lanes of traffic below and the final approach for planes landing at Heathrow, the was NO sleep to be had. It was next to Hammersmith Metro, but either hotel entrance was a 400 meter maze of walkways and stairs, which was nerve wrecking at night. Using the TV was pounds L14.5, and each 333ml water in the frig was pounds L2.50, which you got charged for even if you moved it to see what else was in the frig. The pounds L17.50 breakfast is not an option. The Hammersmith Metro station has plenty of eats, and there are neat places around the staion to eat. Even with an airline crew rate of pounds L91/nt, I am hacked beyond words. To top it off, the hotel lost power for an hour.	
Jul 23 2009 	Comfortable hotel close to tube stop overrated I think	Novotel West London is rated by many online travel sites as a 4-star. I would consider it a 3 star. Staff was not very helpful or accommodating. My booking confirmation e-mail listed 12:00 as the checkin time, but the reception told me I could not get into my room until 2:00 as &quot;That's the official checkin time&quot;. &lt;-- Why list an unofficial checkin time in the e-mail? Very comfortable beds. Nice bathroom. Very clean. About 3 minutes walk from the Hammersmith tube station (Zone 2). Not a great deal going on around there, but its proximity to the tube makes it a good stepping-off location. There is a beautiful mall, Westfields, 15 minutes walk. Due to its location on the West side of central London, it saves a lot of time on the tube getting back to Heathrow not passing through the core.Wired internet connection available for an extra charge, but no WiFi.I booked through Priceline and paid $75 USD. The listed rates on their website are for $164 USD , which I would never pay for this property.	
Jul 17 2009 	Excellent friendly very clean comfortable hotel.	Our stay at this hotel could not have been any better. The staff were very helpful and friendly.The facilities were excellent. And I must say the personal attention from Carl was second to none. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotal to anyone wanting a stay in London. Thank you for a wonderful stay.Lesley	
Jul 17 2009 	fantastic hotel great facilities and customer service	We've recently stayed over a weekend and had a great stay. The hotel is well located, they attended to our needs with excellent customer service and the rooms where very comfortable and adequate. All in all, great value and would stay again without hesitation.o	
Jul 17 2009 	Definitely not a 4*hotel	Well what can I say about this hotel! When I checked in some where in July, I was not inform about breakfast, where was it or what time to what time is the breakfast. I was not even inform of where are the lifts. Dont be surprise if you enter this hotel and find your self lost. Dont get me wrong, this hotel is not big but from my point of view, this building used to be an office premises before they converted into a hotel therefore the infrastructure of this hotel look not slightly weird.Worst was when I checked out. The lady who did my check out seemed like she was in a hurry to go home though it was only at 11.30am. I asked the lady where can I keep my luaggages and her answer was simple &quot;down&quot;. I was getting a one word answer on most of my questions. During my stay, I find that the male staff at this hotel was more helpful compared to the female staff. A 4*star hotel should have a decent security whether at the hotel entrance or in each guest lift. However, I dont see all these apart from few cameras at the reception area. My suggestion is, do not walk from Hammersmit underground station to this hotel at night. Their entrance through the other side of the road was dark and scary. They have a sign board directing guests to the hotel but it was just a sign with no secuirty nor any camera for security purpose.Lastly, dont be surprise if you enter their guest room and find that you have actually entered in to a 3 star hotel instead. Their room is outdated with funny looking TV and not too mention their air-condition that was working only half the time.My suggestion, pay slightly more and choose a better Novotel. I have stayed in about 5 Novotels in various Europe cities during my last 3 weeks holiday but to be honest, Novotel London west had the worst perception. Novotel Monpanase in Paris is considered as a 3*star hotel (from the sign board infront of the hotel) but from my experience with this hotel, this place is far better than Novotel London West.Well, there are good sides about this hotel too. First, the location of this hotel is near to Hammersmit undergound station and secondly, the bell boy at this hotel was helpful in every way possible. Well guys, these are the only two points I can think of.	
Jul 13 2009 	Not 4* Hotel	Room seemed quite clean but outdated and air con was not up to scratchThe room was as others have said small and basic.OK for overnight stay but would not want to stay any longerNot really a 4* Hotel	
Jul 3 2009 	Definitely not 4 star	I went there for a wedding event in the hall. While the hall was lovely, they did not have an effective air conditioning unit. It was constantly hot and did not improve.The room that we stayed in was fine, apart form the fact that it was so hot. The was an air conditioning unit but it barely blew out air, let alone cooled the room down. I had to complain about this 3 times. Each time, they told me that it would be resolved but there was no change. The last time that I went to complain, they siad that there was nothing that they could do. They would usually change our room but they were fully booked so were unable to. They did give us a portable fan when we pressed the matter but that is not really 4 star service. The staff did seem fed up and I would guess that I was not the only person that had commented on the air conditioning. They also said that the rooms do not actually have proper air conditioning units and they were just fans. I spoke to a manager about it on checking out the next day. She was not very helpful at all. She fully accepted that we had not received what we had paid for but, as we had booked through an agent and not directly with the hotel, there was nothing that she could do about it. She said that we should take it up with the agent. She did say that she may be able to give me a discount off our next visit; after I stopped laughing, I politley informed her that I would not be returning.Another one of my friends who had booked a room through an agent, had there room cancelled and were told that there was nothing that could be done for the. I guess that I should be grateful that we actually got to keep our room!If you go during winter, then you are unlikely to have the problems about the air conditioning. On the plus side, the breakfast is very good and the staff there are very helpful.My experience just confirms the sterotype that London hotels offer poor value for money.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great room service 	We had one of the suites on a lower floor and we found the size of the room, amenities and decor to be excellent for the London market. Service was excellent (whether you needed a nightcap or a late-night taxi people were there to help). Check-in and check-out were a breeze - no lines, no complications. We understood that the lobbies were in the midst of renovation - the group check-in area had been renovated to a high standard and so we expect the rest of the hotel to soon follow suit. As others have told, the location is very convenient for Heathrow as well as getting into the West End or the City. We have over 30 years experience with business and leisure hotels in the London market and the Novotel London West is among the best we've stayed in.	
Jul 1 2009 	Not 4Star	We stayed at this hotel in June 2009.Positive points ; Easy to find from M4 with secure parking £1 an hour.Close to underground station. Excellent breakfast.Quiet rooms.Not so positive. Standard of room was appalling for a four star hotel. Bathroom was clean but stained sink. Poor selection of shampoo/bath stuff.Smelt of drains.Beds were very odd in a double room there was two 3 ft beds one with a table either side and gap between bed and tables and one with no tables.So the chose was sleeping together in a very small bed with a table for your drink etc or seperately with no tables! for one of you. The fittings were very old scruffy white melamine, the carpet was fraying, the t.v was old and huge taking up most of the dressing table.The reception rooms were modern and well furnished in complete contrast to the bedrooms.	
Jun 28 2009	GOOD HOTEL BUT FAR	again i take this hotel because of my tourvery convenience area, undergound is about 5 min walk, and there is good hub around. But it is far aways to go tourist arearoom is big enough for 2 people, very nice, good bed, clean, bathroom is good and big	
Jun 25 2009	Could be worse	Check was very pleasant, Emmanuel the person who checked us in was extremely courteous. We proceeded to our room, which was both small and claustrophobic. the pull out bed was a painful experience to sleep on. There were no rags and the shower did not work . we called housekeeping a plumber came and i advised him he might want to use wd40 to assist in fixing the pipe, it worked! but we were advised to keep it on shower for the remainder of our stay! Breakfast is quite good as there are a number of choices, avoid the scrambled eggs! and when dining at elements ensure you understand what constitutes and element. We found some of the staff could not understand what we said as english was not their first language. e.g i asked for the table to be cleared and I got an espresso, no kidding. so speak clearly and repeat. It is located far from major attractions so take the tube as a cab can be costly. there are shops located close by in the train station, if you need a pharmacy etc.	
Jun 21 2009 	Clean but far away from everything	Clean, modern hotel with superb breakfast buffet. Unfortunately far away from cental London. If you want to see Big Ben, stay somewhere closer. Relativley close to London's Tube (subway), so you can get to Big Ben in about half an hour. You are one or two Tube stops from london rail system. Little on the expensive side, with no ethnic flair, but sometimes you need that when traveling. Comfort is king here. Amenities exceed typical UK standards and even most US standards. No wash cloths.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location nasty pricing	London hotels are notoriously expensive and they just don't give value for money, this hotel was no different. Car parking costs are terrible, surely free parking for residents wouldn't be too much to ask. Room was fine, location excellent, just outside congestion zone and close to the tube. Just a shame about the parking costs.	
Jun 11 2009	Perfect location for Central London - and Heathrow	I've eaten in the hotel restaurant several times wiht both friends and business associates, the evening buffet is amazing value for money, staff are always knowledgeable, attentive and polite, and the huge lobby and bar area is a perfect place to meet for pre-dinner drinks. Always a favourite.However, it had been some time since I'd stayed overnight, and I was not disappointed during my most recent visit. Rooms are reasonablty sized, I've always slept well in the very comfortable beds, and this visit was to the same high standard as I remembered :-)The location of this hotel, only 5 minutes walk from the Underground, is perfect for direct access to both Central London and Heathrow Airport, and offers a far superior experience than you would get in central London hotel for the same money.I'm told the hotel is undergoing a refurbishment, and if the standard and decor in the coah party reception is an example of what's to come, I can't wait to return to enjoy the new improved version of this great hotel!	
Jun 8 2009 	A perfect place to stay while sightseeing london	I booked this hotel on a special deal then read some reviews and got a bit worried. No need for woories this hotel is great. Fast check in friendly couteous staff. Lovely spacious clean room. We stayed on the fifth floor with our four year old son and it was lovely and quiet. The beds were lovely and comfy as was the pull out bed for our son. The breakfast was superb with plenty of choice served in a lovely restaurant. I cant wait to go back. Thanks to all the staff.	
Jun 5 2009 	Genuinely good value for money	Good location, good room, good service, good food. Nothing outstanding, nothing poor. Just a decent solid business hotel.	
May 21 2009 	Worst Novotel I've ever stayed in- perhaps worst hotel...	This hotel is pretty apalling, I've stayed there several times on business. Where do I begin...There are 4 lifts, you're lucky if more than 2 are working at the same time. Once you've walked down the smoke smelling corridors, you'll be very lucky if your room card will let you in the door so will find yourself back down at reception to get that sorted. Inside the room the bed is terrible- it looks very old and saggy, the bedspreads are looking very very well used. There used to be 4 terrible square pillows, now there are only 2. On my last stay the aircon only blew hot air- that would have been lovely in Winter, but now it needs turning off. I've not had a room where I don't manage to flood the bathroom. Either the seals are worn on the glass, or on my last stay the shower drain was blocked. Oh, and the shower in incapable of keeping a constant temperature. Then there is the foul smell coming from the drain in the sink...Like another of the reviews said- I'm still waiting for someone to come to my room to fix the TV...on more than one occasion the phone has rung out at both reception and when I wanted room service. You would think there would be someone in the hotel somewhere that would pick up the phone- very unprofessional. Finding a staff member who speaks English is also a challenge. Good location.	
May 16 2009 	Recommended	Have stayed here a few times before basically because of the location, which is great, just a hop, skip n jump from Hammersmith tube station. Still a good, comfortable hotel and the staff are very helpful, especially in an emergency (which I had!)Rooms are a great size and food is also really good, though as in most London hotels a little on the expensive side.Reception staff were excellent - thank you!	
May 12 2009 	Big hotel in London	After staying four nights at the Holiday Inn Oxford Circus we moved to the Novotel - London West. No help was available to take our luggage to the lobby which had been moved up to the first floor due to renovations. But then things got better from there. The rooms were big and spacious and comfortable. Even the toilet/bath was large. The surrounding area has some nice reataurants and a pub or two. The tube is a five minute walk away.	
May 12 2009 	Excellant Business Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for a couple of nights business in London and found that it met all my expecations of a middle of the range hotel.The hotel is located 5mins from the Hammersmith tube line which is great for getting into Central London without too much hassle. Its also only 10 mins walk from Hammersmith bridge where you can find a few nice pubs for eating and drinking by the Thames when the sun decides to come out..The rooms were average sized and basic ,but comforable and quiet, and there is a good selection of cable TV channels. There is a broadband connection in the room which is a bit pricey at 12 pounds a day but seems reasonably fast.A buffet breakfast was part of the package and was an excellant full english affair, this was served from 6AM which helped me get some food in the morning for a change.There is a reasonably priced restaurant and bar downstairs although I tended to go outside in the evenings as Hammersmith high street is 5mins away.Overall a well priced good value business hotel that does what it says on the tin!!!	
May 11 2009 	Too Expensive	I was staying at the Novotel for 6 nights. On the first day I asked to see if they had a extension cord as it was need for medical equipment the lady at reception said she would check I wam still waiting to hear back from her. I also reported that the heating was broke and it was very cold. Maintenace came up to look at it and said it could fix it in the morning as it was a problem with the motor. This is still waiting to get fixed. On the fourth night there must of been a group on the floor doors banging from 9pm to 1am I had to contact reception about noise it took them an hour to come up to the floor. Overall not friendly staff and very expensive. Would not stay here again!!!!	
Apr 29 2009 	Standard chain hotel that needs a bit of refurbishment	Stayed here during a business trip. This is a very large hotel. The rooms were a decent size and the beds were quite comfortable but the rooms need a bit of refurbishment - the carpet in my room was quite worn and bunching up in places. Use of internet costs 12 GBP/ day. My booking included breakfast, which was a pretty large buffet - heavy on the British breakfast fare and light on fresh fruit (at least during April). This hotel hosts large groups and flight crews. It is within walking distance of the Hammersmith Station - Underground and buses. I wouldn't stay here if I were paying because the cost is too high.	
Mar 6 2009 	Lots of probs in the room great breakfast good price	We struggled to find this place initially and then found it looked rather flash once we did get in. It is huge and is full of business folk. We were allowed to check in two hours early which was a huge relief as we were in a hurry to return a hire car AND get to the Adelphi for a matinee at 3pm. The room was almost identical to the Bristol Novotel, down to the colours, stupid plastic drinking 'glasses', sofa bed that opens as two singles and utterly ridiculous little square 'pillows' on the double bed. This time there was a mini ironing board on the wall was a permanently attached iron too.Day 2 saw the problems come to light, none of them THAT serious so I never bothered to tell staff until after breakfast on our third and final day. I just wanted them to fix them, not to urgently sort them out for us. I actually didn't feel confident that they would however, based on what the room cleaner had done already, and on the listening approach of the woman at reception who didn't write down my list of issues! How can maintenance fix them if she didn't write them down?!In two nights there us adults had four showers between us (the children had baths). On two of those four occasions the shower head fell out of its broken bracket and hit my husband on the head. He didn't appreciate that. When I went to draw the enormous curtains I found many of the hooks had come off the curtain at the pulling side which made it REALLY tough to move but I was determined to block the light out or none of us jet-lagged folk would've slept. It's a matter of time before someone pulls that curtain rail down, truly. I tried to turn the iron on to prehear while I got the ironing board up. The light came on and then went straight off. So I turned the wall socket off, then on again, and the same thing happened. So I turned it off and on one more time and the light didn't come on at all. The iron didn't work. I decided to leave it for a while and went to set the ironing board up and it fell off the wall! I tried to put it back only to discover there were no raw plugs in the wall to secure the screws... only rolled up paper! I left the ironing board leaning against the floor, not really caring for the time being as I was just going to tell reception the next day. After the room maintenance folk had been I discovered that had simply pushed the paper back in, the screws back in (as loosely as you can imagine) and the ironing board was hanging on by a thread therefore. How ridiculous... On our second night we had room service late-night treats that were fast in coming and lovely. I tried to use the internet on the TV in the meantime and it was a bloody nightmare! The keyboard had a mind of its own and it was about 6GBP for 24 access and we were only going to be there for another 12 (no cheaper, shorter option available). A big waste of money for the quality.Breakfast was great if generally greasy (just like Bristol Novotel). VERY busy though. Hammersmith is a great location and our room price was pretty decent with children eating free too. It's probably a good choice for others in our situation and we were perhaps unfortunate to get a room with so many maintenance issues.	
Mar 4 2009 	Handy for the Apollo plus good price	I stayed at the Novotel with my partner as we were going to see a show at the Apollo. £89 for bed and breakfast seemd a good deal for us - even better for thos familes with kids, as &quot;kids eat free&quot; so a family of four got B&amp;B for £89. Location for the Apollo is excellent - short walk maybe 5 minutes, though the route is no obvious - you need to cross one road the go under the next. The room was fine, facilities good, though the bed was on the firm side - both my partner slept badly. Noise was not a problem and the bathroom was well fitted and supplied. Breakfast was fair - not sure how to put this, but basically there were a lot of peaople, little organisation and only one bowl of each ingredient put out to self-serve. So 30 people are trying to sefve themselves from eight plates of hot stuff (bacon, eggs, sausage, etc) one toaster, one juice station.... So, could be better, but realistically at the price no complaints.Parking is not cheap, but if you're staying it is £1 an hour. We ended up paying £16 which sounds a lot, but was worth it for the convenience.For snacks, M&amp;S in King Street is less than 10 minutes walk. You can't go wrong with M&amp;S snacks ;)	
Mar 2 2009 	Good family hotel	Our room on the 4th floor was comfortable and clean. The room was small when the sofa bed was pulled out, but we only slept there.Good English buffet breakfast with plenty of choice.The hotel was a short walk from Hammersmith tube station. Excellent location and easy access to the centre of London with the District line, the Piccadilly line and bus no 9.This hotel is a good value for families and we would certainly stay there again.	
Feb 21 2009 	terrible	stayed here for two nights and wished i had read reviews first. The hotel decor is tired and the room and corridors smell of cigarettes although it was a no smoking floor. In the room on arrival, the complimentry tea and coffee tray needed a total restock and only one towel between three of us so had to contact housekeeping The breakfast was bad and service terrible ,when i complained the restaurant manager said i could have the breakfast for free. when i checked out later that morning the restaurant manager came up to me and said they had second thoughts and they now wanted to charge me. when I refused to pay,she became quite threatening with me ,.I left saying their head office could write to me if they wanted. Needless to say I wont be back.	
Feb 18 2009 	A	Previuously we (family of four, two adults, 2 teenage daughers) have found Novotel hotels to be be very good value; and this time was no exception. Our room on the 4th floor was, maybe, slightly &quot;tired&quot; but we only slept in it and it was comfortable and clean. Bathroom was fine, with a very hot shower. Breakfast was all-you-could-eat- buffet with English, Continental or Healthy options or a mix of all.Reception area was bright and spacious. Staff were courteous and helpful.Access from central London was easy and quick via the District line.All in all a pleasant, good-value for families visiting London for the week-end hotel.	
Feb 2 2009 	No hot water uncomfortable bed smelly.	This was a terrible hotel. Other than location, there isn't anything redeeming. The water was cold, the bed was uncomfortable, the room smelled bad and the food at breakfast was terrible. I would avoid this property!	
Jan 30 2009 	Novotel - no thankyou!	I stayed at the Novotel 24/25 January 2009 with a friend. We were in London for a family celebration. We wanted a good value hotel with easy access to the airport. Novotel fit the bill in that respect. We booked a superior n/s twin room for £109 per night. It had taken several e-mails and telephone calls to book this room, as we had wanted a refurbished room and were told that these were only available for £109, not the £89 rate advertised on the web-site.On arrival we were told that there were no superior twin rooms in the hotel, only superior doubles, despite our e-mail confirmation saying otherwise. We were offered a smoking double with a sofa bed, which we did not accept. Eventually after waiting over an hour for reception to sort things out, a double non smoking with sofa bed was found. Worth mentioning at this point that some of the staff were quite unhelpful and we were made to feel that we were the ones causing problems. When ordering a taxi, I gave up trying to make myself understood, as the receptionist explained again and again that 5 people in a taxi incurrs an extra charge - there were only 2 of us!The room itself was fairly small with a lovely damp smell to it! Added to that the LCD TV in our room didn't work, but as there were no other rooms available it was tough!. The blanket on the sofa-bed had seen better days, it was bobbly and threadbare, not a good look! The sofa bed was comfortable to sleep on, unlike the bed which was rock hard.On Sunday morning we were rudely awakened at 8am by the cleaner who came marching in and turned the lights on! It had been nearly 2am when we got back to the hotel the night before, so we really didn't need this.On a more positive note the food was very good and that staff in the restaurant were very pleasant.The location of the hotel was excellent for us, but there were too many other problems during our stay.	
Jan 24 2009 	OK compared to other London hotels	This hotel is in a great location and looks good from the outside but it's a little tired once you get to know the place. It could do with a makeover but, this being London, and the hotel probably mostly fully booked, something tells me it just isn't going to happen. Still, you could do FAR worse in London and you're on the Piccadilly line so pretty central.	
Jan 15 2009	Very Good	Firstly, the price was very good in return for a &quot;no change/refund&quot; booking some time in advance. To our surprise, the hotel is very near the tube station by means of a walkway and the hammersmith area is very pleasant anyway. Spacious lounges etc. and while the room was a little cramped for three, everything was immaculately clean and fresh and quiet. Breakfast was among the best you will find. Will be back, I hope.	
Dec 29 2008 	Good alternative hotel just outside Zone 1	We stayed in the London West for 4 nights spread over the course of 1 and a half weeks. For our budget, rather than relive horror stories of dingy, cramped &quot;hotels&quot; in Bloomsbury or Bayswater region or pay through our noses for brand-name places in the City, Piccadily etc, we chose to stay in Hammersmith which is just into Zone 2 and has Zone 1 easily accessible via the tube. The hotel was a short 5min walk from Hammersmith tube station - walking alongside the bus terminus, Loreal and Sony Ericsson's london offices. It was also an leisurely 20min walk from Tesco's on Cromwell road. With a mall just above Hammersmith tube station, the London West was thus served by supermarkets, fast food restaurants, chemists et al within walking distance.The London West looked industrial from the rear as we approached from Hammersmith tube station and the route up the hotel's lobby was crudely tarred over, with a few potholes here and there but once inside, the decor and setting was more typical of mid-range hotels. The front facade of the hotel, facing the Hammersmith flyover &amp; some houses looked more modern and clearly better maintained.The hotel was flanked on one-side by the Hammersmith flyover and smaller side streets on the 2 other sides.Throughout our stay, the reception was kept busy with families and flight crew checking in and out. We stayed in 4 different rooms during our stay. All rooms were suffice for a decent and comfortable night's rest, just that some rooms were more comfortable than others.The rooms on the 3rd and 4th floor was older and were of a lower standard than those on the 7th and 9th floor. In particular, the room on the 3rd and 4th floors looked tired and furnishing seemed like it was from the early/mid 90s.Conversely, the rooms on the 7th and 9th floor had LCD televisions, double beds and overall, more modern furnishing...Our only grouse while staying on the 7th floor was that our room 7031 was next to the service entrance used by staff to deliver beddings, room service et al and hence, we could hear the doors being opened and slammed every time a member of staff used it. The views were nothing to crow about - either you get a view of the flyover or a view of the roof of the carpark / back of other buildings but this was a minor issue as we were not in the room often in the day. Service quality of staff varied. Some were gruff and seemed a bit stern but there were others which were friendly and full of smiles. One particular polish front desk staff took pains to swap our room when we complained that the floor of our 3rd floor room was chilly (despite turning the heating up for 1+hr prior) &amp; that the toilet cistern was not flushing properly. She was apologetic and made the effort to solve our problem even though it was clearly a very busy day and room occupancy was very high. This contrasted with another member of staff who reminded us, almostly sternly, that we were to check out promptly at 1pm after we walked up to request for a late checkout, having just gotten back slightly before noon from post Xmas sales.Overall, the London West was a decent place to stay. The location was good and the rooms comfortable enough for a good night's rest. The London West was a good alternative to hotels in Zone 1.	
Nov 14 2008 	Seemed overpriced to me!	OK so stayed here for a conference ealier this week. Booked through my company so had no choice in accomodation type. Room was ok, seemed very sterile, i.e. white washed, but good that it was clean. Bed Sheets seemed slight itchy and the room was very cold on the 1st night.* BE ADVISED*: The key cards get wiped if you keep them with credit cards or mobile phones. They do not tell you this on reception and it would have saved several trips, down very long corridors back to reception to get it re-cut. This was extremely annoying. Especially when 6 cleaners were standing right outside my room and refused to let me in! The room price was £144 per night, inc Breakfast which is a very nice full English Buffet. I did not get a chance to use any of the other hotel facilities but this seemed like way too much to me. For example I have just booked a suite for our Wedding night at a very nice hotel on the Thames (albeit outside of London) which was slightly less.They also have smoking rooms which amazed me but was very welcome.For business I'd say this is a slightly above average hotel. Not sure why you would want to stay here for any other reason though.	
Oct 24 2008 	Nice room and good breakfast close to the Tube	This hotel is not five minutes' walk from Hammersmith bus and tube station, making onward travel to both central London and Heathrow airport easy.Sign posting to the hotel isn't great, but there's a map on their website which is easy enough to follow. From what I can see, most people tend to come in through the side door, which means a walk down Hammersmith Road and a right turn up some steps just before the gym. This is the quickest route, but the court yard in front of the hotel is in dire need of repair. It may not belong to Novotel, but it's not very welcoming, and in the darkness of night, the loose cobbles/paving could be dangerous.The hotel has had some work done to it internally, and the reception , bar and restaurants all look and feel fresh. The food is of a high standard as well. Breakfast is really good - plenty of choice. However, good as it may be, it's not the cheapest breakfast.The rooms can be hit or miss. The have refurbished a significant number, and these are generally good - comfy bed, reasonable furnishings, flat screen tele and so on. Other rooms still aren't so good, although these are due for work some time soon apparently.It is a large hotel, and whilst the glazing did a good job at keeping most noise out (aside from the police and ambulance sirens), the corridors were quite noisy at times - usually at odd hours in the mornings. It is a conference centre as well, so there are often very large groups finishing together late at night, returning to their rooms en masse.Down side is there is no gym. You can get a discount or coupon or something for the neighbouring gym. It's a good gym, but who really wants to traipse outside (especially in autumn/winter), over the aforementioned problematic paving and down the stairs into a public gym? For a hotel of this size, it should have its own facilities.	
Oct 22 2008 	£1/hour parking £12 internet/24 h...the attack of the killer extras!	We stayed at the Novotel London West in October 2008. We paid £89/night for a twin room (breakfast included). The hotel is a short 10 minute walk to the Hammersmith tube station. There are several cafes and shops at a 5 minute walk from the hotel. We had chosen Hammersmith and this hotel because we thought that by NOT being in a very touristic neighbourhood and a bit far away from zone 1, the parking would be cheaper. How wrong we were!. We paid £1/hour which, considering we stayed there from afternoon to next morning, it was a whopping £21!!!! Internet access was £12 for 24 hours. Too expensive! There was not even the option of connecting to our provider (we have free wi-fi minutes away from home included as part of our internet package), one could only use the hotel's internet provider, which was Sky. We did not pay for it. Especially if one can go to any of the nearby cafes and get a connection to most providers from there.The room was just fine. Very comfortable beds, very comfortable pillows. In my opinion, the beds are one of the best features of this hotel. The views from the window were not very appealing. A large empty building on the other side of the motorway. The double gazed windows were good at silencing all outside noise. I cannot say the same for the noise from inside, though. A wedding was taking place in the hotel and their disco dancing noise on the ground floor could be heard through to the 3rd floor where we were staying. The buffet breakfast was very good. with the beds, the two good things about the hotel. It had continental and English breakfast, with plenty of cheeses, ham, salmon, salami, eggs, sausage, baked beans, fruit, fruit juices, danish pastries, baguette bread, yoghourts. We would have rather paid less and have cheaper parking and free wi-fi, though. Considering the public transportation in London is so very expensive, we will find another cheaper option for our London trips. Maybe drive in early in the day, directly to the venue, park there, spend the day and leave in the evening. Even the most expensive car park will not be as expensive as the cost of paying for hotel+parking+wifi+tube to central London.	
Oct 19 2008 	Really rather good!	Stayed here for a Friday and Saturday night - picked it due to its proximity to the Hammersmith Apollo and a reasonable deal from the hotel website at £99 for the room per night incl breakfast. It's a large hotel and it always seemed busy around the lobby - with this sort of hotel it's always going to feel slightly impersonal but whether that's an issue is up to individual taste (we actually tend to prefer it!).The room - really nice! Well equipped - soft drink mini-bar, safe, flat screen TV (which had a speaker in the bathroom too!), iron, 2 hairdryers(!), kettle etc. Excellent condition throughout. Note that the en-suite only had a shower - so if you want a bath I guess you'll have to ask specifically.The food - the only meal we took in the hotel was breakfast. It was better than average - the cooked options were very nice and there was plenty of choice of juice; waffles, bagels, toast; cold meats; yoghurt. Fruit options could be improved - just three smallish bowls of fruit salad - fresh and crisp but trying to pick out a blueberry with the serving tongs from amongst the melon proved tricky! Would have been better to have separate bowls with each fruit in larger quantities. Only a minor point - it would be difficult to be disappointed with a breakfast as good as this. A slightly less forgiveable point was that it appeared entirely random as to whether tea and coffee were offered. Turning the cups up didn't work - we had to stop a waitress on both mornings - it seemed hit and miss for everybody. The staff were very pleasant though and once asked, the tea came straight away. Just haven't quite got the system right!Lifts - this may sound a bit picky but I'm sure the program controlling the lifts wasn't particularly effective. We were on the top floor (the 9th) so lifts were a must - but every time we used it we had to wait ages for one carrying people upwards to various floors to arrive, when there were 3 others apparently just sitting at lower floors doing nothing. Quite frustrating when you're keen to get out and about!Other points - reception staff were efficient; the very large open plan reception/lounge/bar/restaurant area felt quite 'swish'; there's a shop selling souvenirs, snacks etc in the lobby.Location - if you're going to the Apollo for something with a late finish you won't do better than this - literally a leisurely five minute walk at the most. There are shops, cafes, pubs etc a similar distance - plus the Hammersmith tube station. As we only had a light bag, after checking out we walked to Paddington. It's a fair distance but it didn't actually take too long and the route takes you through Hyde Park - very pleasant.Overall we were very happy with our choice of hotel and would certainly stay there again. Very nearly a 5/5 but the lifts tipped the balance down to a high 4.	
Oct 11 2008 	agree not bad for london	Why are London hotels so bad? Overpriced,dirty,noisy and distinctly below average service.One good thing to be said for the expansion of the EU is that at least they are now staffed by east Europeans who can speak english and occasionally smile, though usually through clenced teethI therefore viewed this conference trip with some trepidation,wondering why the organisers had burdened us. The previous meet had been in Valencia; weather sunny, food outstanding.Agreeably surprised. Then again I was not expecting much; hotel is clean and the service is reasonable which for London is bliss. Then again £6.50 for a glass of Savignon Blanc ( not quite cool enough) and £26 for a halibut steak is, as we say in England, extracting the products of renal filtration.	
Oct 4 2008 	Not 4 Star... maybe 2 Star	I booked an Executive Room thinking at the Novotel Hammersmith, which is a 4 Star Hotel, it would be reasonably good quality. When I went up to the room my first impression was of a youth hostel. There was a thin scabby duvet covering a thin, foam mattress. The foam 'mattress' looked like it was an offcut and not made for the bed as it did not fit the base. The bathroom was similarly scabby, and had an unclean feel about it. I went back to reception and had to pay for an upgrade to a premium room, I was expecting something good. I could have stayed in The Gore for not much more - if only I had!! The second more expensive room was just ok... but really basic, and it had the same rubbish foam mattress!! The minibar was not stocked at all during the three days I stayed at the Hotel, personally not an issue but, just another sign that housekeeping and service is poor.The bathroom looked like it needed a really good scrub with mould around the fittings, these sorts of details should never go unnoticed by hotel staff. Bathrooms need to be kept pristine clean and there's no excuse for it Novotel. All in all I'd say this is a big hotel with poor 2 star standard rooms. Good, central location but that's about it. I won't be staying here again and I wouldn't recommend it unless you need to be in Hammersmith, which is probably why they keep getting the bookings.	
Sep 30 2008	Two Newfoundlanders who really enjoyed our stay here!!	We would recomend this hotel to anyone !Had a wonderful stay with a breakfast better than you could find anywhere!No complaints at all !Nice ,clean and centrally located .Would certainly go there again !	
Sep 28 2008 	Nice hotel but eat somewhere else!	I stayed here with a work conference on Sunday 21st September. We arrived at about 8pm got checked in and decided to eat in the hotel. We were told to order off the menu would be 1 and half hour wait or we could just go for the buffet. Needless to say we went for the buffet and it was terrible. Very little choice and it was cold and had clearly been sitting out for quite a while. Unfortunately the breakfast wasn't much better with undercooked fried eggs and some very strange tasting scrambled eggs. Apart from the food though, the hotel is fairly pleasant, nice clean comfortable rooms, lovely foyer and bar area. It is also convenient to the local tube stop (5 minute walk)	
Sep 28 2008	Very Impressed Novotel goes up market	I loved this hotel and was impressed by the quality. My room was spacious, modern quiet and had everything I needed, including on site parking.The staff were friendly and efficient but local/london knowledge limited - I asked if Id driven through the conjection zone using the route Id taken but they had no idea of the local area.The down side is the cost - its pretty steep and parking is £1 an hour so my bill was £25 - OUCH!However, its is central and its pretty fab!	
Sep 27 2008 	Nice place but service is hmm...	Nice hotel. However, the staff dont speak very good english. Despite the fact that I'm asian, I speak much better english. I reckon they're from eastern europe. The concierge was not helpful at all. He just hands out brochures and do squat. He looks middle eastern and his english was oookay. I wanted to go to Salisbury but he was unable to give accurate nor recommend any particular travel groups.The rooms are nice. But the service left us with a little hrrmpphh in our satisfaction scale.	
Sep 10 2008 	not at all bad for lond	Just back from this hotel, which I was staying at for a conference. Had good directions from the hotel for getting this hotel from the tube stop at Hammersmith, which were pretty accurate (just remember to keep on moving through the shopping mall). Check in was via the conference, but was met with smiling, friendly hotel staff beside the conference registration desk, who had all the (correct) info for me and quickly given room key - prettty exceptional since we were arriving at 9 am and had been told rooms wouldn't be ready till 12. anyway, room clean, smart, roomy, and nice bathroom (although my main grump would be that hotel website says all rooms have bath and shower, and I only had a walk-in shower).Service wise this hotel met all the demands, staff were very helpful, and always achieved. I managed to lock myself out of my room, but when going to reception was met with smiles, understanding, a new key (which didn't need to be returned immediately at 11.30 in the evenign), as well as a gentle, but rigorous vetting procedure to ensure I was the occupant of the room. (which I wholeheartedly comment following a friend's recent traumatic experience in another hotel in Britain)Food - i was here for a conference so wasn't expecting michelin stars, BUT the food was absolutely brilliant (and yes, I am a foodie!). When I go to London on a personal whim, I usually stay elsewhere - but I would seriously consider staying here - only issue is that I usually stay in a hotel with a much better tourist view - and for the same price.However this hotel can't be faulted - loved it, location good and easy access to tube - only I did wonder what it would be like at night trying to get back to hotel via deserted shopping mall? maybe there is another way? But congratulations managers and staff - excellent hotel, brilliant service (a rarity in London) and brilliant food. Lovely rooms, clean, comfy HUGE beds, only minor gripe is that one tea bag and one sachet of mile for in-room teas and coffees is thoroughly mean!!	
Aug 27 2008 	Little too far out !	Booked in for long weekend 3 night city break to take a show in etc. First impression was a little disappointed as front entrance very badly kept with loose paving bricks everywhere, looks like they might belong to ajoining property but even so. Reception and booking in all excellent but lifts very slow. Huge lines of people at peak times. Rooms very clean and great bed. Top tip, when leaving hotel, get lift all the way down to the very bottom car park level and turn left out of hotel entrance through car park and it brings you straight out into the bus/tube station, cuts out the steep stairs and loose paving bricks on normal street level.	
Aug 27 2008 	ok but..	Friendly people at reception, good breakfast but a very long walk to the room. Room for 4 is very small but the price was ok so...	
Aug 12 2008 	Great for Hammersmith Apollo Theatre	Upon entering the hotel, my first impressions were very very nice 4* hotel clean staff dress smartly etc etcWas checked in within a matter of minutes so no problem there, we then procceded to the lifts, which i must say they need fixed or something ! because the 2nd time we were goin up to our floor, there was so many people (there is 4 lifts!) but only 1 ever seems to move, and at that not very well, so we had to walk up the stairs, and beleive me it was not plesent, but enough about that as this is only a minor problem.The rooms were basic, clean, well furnished but this is where the hotel loses my rating, nothing wrong with the room AT ALL but definelty not a 4* room, if the room would have been nicer i would have rated this hotel a 4*.The breakfast was ample, with a small selection of food, vitality drinks crosaints, english breakfast etc fresh juice yougurts.If you are going to Hammersmith Apollo for a theatre break, i would definetly recommend this hotel as it is literattly about 5mins away from the hotel (about 3-4 blocks!) just takes this long with traffic lights etc.I would stay in this hotel again as i had no complaints (apart from the lift) and would recommend it to people looking for a good base for apollo, clean basic and comfortable hotel.	
Jul 22 2008	Quality London hotel	I have stayed at this hotel several times over the past 3 years whilst attending courses. If I had been choosing a leisure hotel in London I would look elsewhere as I got a discounted rate as a conference customer.That said, there are many lovely things about this hotel. It's very clean, I've always been given a spacious room, the lobby has a nice spacious feel to it and room service food was good and for which there was no extra service charge. This year though, I felt the menus both for restaurant dining and room service were more limited which was difficult as I did need to eat in the hotel most nights. If you are taking a leisure break though, Hammersmith is just a 5 min walk away has lots of venues for eating, plus a number of highstreet shops including M &amp; S, Boots etc so is a convenient location.The buffet breakfast is wonderful, one of the best I've had. There is a hot buffet, fresh fruit, yoghurts, pastries, cheeses, breads - all of it fresh and tasty. Expensive though if you don't get it included in a booking deal. If you are on a breakfast inclusive you can also get room service breakfast at no extra charge which is good.I liked this hotel but I would be choosy about how much I paid to stay here . The location is about 5 - 10 mins from the tube so you can use it as a good base for sight seeing and also have the convenience of the town locally.	
Jun 25 2008 	Strange location	We booked through their web site and got the 14 day special for 110 pound a night. Good value at that. Expensive at the normal 160 pounds plus an expensive breakfast rate. Business accounts only.The hotel is located within a block of offices which the owners do not want to maintain. Probably do not notice if you arrive by car on the lower level but the pedestrian access from the tube station is offputting. However it is very close to Hammersmith tube station which is on the line from Heathrow so very convenient.The rooms are normal Novotel fit out and a reasonable size for London. Good beds.The windows were double glazed plus an extra sliding screen so no noise at all from the adjacent motorway.We ate breakfast at the shopping centre above the tune station. Plenty of choice for much less cost.Hammersmith is quite busy but not a lot of choice of obvious restaurants. We ate at the firestation which is a pub with a proper eating area at the back. Very good.	
Jun 16 2008 	Good Stay	Stayed here for 4 nights in May, 2008. I picked it because I was seeing 3 concerts at Hammersmith Apollo (great for that, as it's the closest hotel to the venue). I also liked that it's relatively close to the Hammersmith tube station (about 7-8 min. walk), which is fabulously situated inside a shopping center! I was able to pick up dinner there &amp; bring it back to the room (also used ATMs there and bought things I needed for the day like batteries &amp; bottled water before getting on the tube).I'm a bit of a spoiled brat, so I was pleased that the room amenities were modern and comfy. For London, the room size was *very* ample. Bed was soft (a bit too soft). Nice long desk and good TV. There's a light switch right beside the bed that turns all the lights on/off (very convenient). Bathroom &amp; shower were relatively nice. I especially loved the mini bar. Although I didn't consume anything from it ($5.00 per drink -- that's for one 12oz. can of Coke!), you can remove them and put your own stuff inside. I just sneakily replaced everything before I left for the day. :)Hotel has 630 rooms, so it's pretty massive. Biggest drawback: hallways are *extremely* long (I mean, it's unbelievable). My room was located at the farthest possible point from the elevator. Gift shop in lobby was convenient. ATM on-site wasn't working.A couple of problems: Although I had the A/C on, it was extremely hot in the room. I withstood it for 2.5 days before I complained. After I did, maintenance was there within 2 minutes (!!!) and it was fixed on the spot (switch in ceiling was set to heat instead of A/C). The next day, the toilet handle broke off from the wall completely. But again, maintenance was there within minutes and installed a new one. Desk staff was hard to communicate with (English is not their first language).Takes about 15 minutes by tube to reach central London -- not a big deal, but the walk back to the room was very tiring after walking around the city all day (and then having to walk a mile down those corridors). Once in the room, I really had no complaints; it was very nice. I would only stay here again, though, if I needed its close proximity to Hammersmith Apollo.	
May 29 2008 	Hotel was ok	My family (2 adults and 2 kids) stayed here in may this year. The hotel reception area etc was very nice. However this is not reflected in their rooms. We found the room small and when the sofa bed was pulled out their was no space.If you had a couple of suitcases there would have been little space to store them. Also, there was a fridge with soft drinks and bottles of water in it. There was no price list. We did discover that they cost £2.50 each and you only have to move one to be charged for it! We went down to reception and was told that the fridge has sensors that detect when a drink is lifted and therefore is automatically charged. I wonder how many people have never noticed this on their bills? Overall the hotel was adequate as we were only there in the evening and only stayed for 2 nights. It was a good base and easy to get to Heathrow and central London on the tube.	
May 27 2008 	Excellent location for Hammersmith Apollo	We stayed at the Hammersmith Novotel (London West) as we were going to a concert at the Apollo. The hotel was really close to the concert venue, the room was very clean, spacious and had all the amenities you need for an overnight stay. We ate in the hotel bar and the service and food were very good. We will definitely use this hotel again.	
May 23 2008	BIG hotel Good Breakfast Clean Passable	Stayed here for last night of Globus tour upon return to London. This hotel is HUGE and has LONG low-ceilinged hallways that make you feel like you've stepped into a sci-fi futuristic gray city set! LOL! But the rooms opening off the hallways are quite nice.I was booked as a single and got a King bed PLUS a couch. Flat screen TV with keyboard for inroom internet. Clean, trouser press, iron, coffee service (no cookies though), shower gel, shampoo, hair dryer. I washed out a bunch of clothes and they all dried over night. Then I pressed them in the pants press. Good thing as I moved on to 'cheaper lodgings' after this (but with a suitcase of clean clothes).Breakfast buffet was fantastic. Best I saw anywhere. Loaves of fresh baked breads and baguettes. And I got a free newspaper. Location is pretty far out from city center, which means a long tube ride. But it's right down the street (~1 block) from Hammersmith bus/tube station. This was the BEST tube station I found. It's in a shopping gallery, like an American Mall. Some of the little news/candy stands even stayed open quite late.Bad Point? This hotel is next to a super highway. Open the window and that's all you hear. When I closed the window I could hear talking in the hall though. So I opened it and slept soundly to the 'white noise' of wooshing traffic!	
May 14 2008 	Great value for money.	The breakfast was the best we have ever had. Everything you can imagine is available, even probiotics ! It is therefore perfectly possible to eat so much at breakfast that you can either skip lunch or dinner and not feel hungry at all (which is a big advantage in such an expensive city) ! The personnel is very helpful and friendly. Only negative points: dinner in the restaurant is too expensive (even in buffet form) and when doors of adjacent or opposite rooms are closed, it's rather noisy.	
May 10 2008 	Lovely lobby but it stopped there!!!	This hotel was extremely disappointing. Apart from the lobby and meals area the hotel floors all had very,very low ceilings and had a very damp smell about the place. Also very noisy with poor acoustics.The meals at the hotel were way below average apart form the buffet breakfast that was just passable.We ordered a pizza at the lobby bar and it had to be the worst pizza we had ever eaten. Sorry that's not quite right. After we drained about half a cup of oil off it we tried it and it actually tasted worse than it looked!Overall very ordinary!	
May 9 2008 	Pass with a pinch of salt.	We have just returned from ten days at this Hotel, it was ok but I have a few points to share. I stayed with my family, two adults/two kids. The room small when we opened the folding beds.The room aircon. was not up to standerd for me, it's just a blower. If you open the window you will hear the noise of the cars from hammersmith fly over. I would not stay at this Hotel in Summer or when the weather increases.I did enjoy the Continental Breakfist. Location was perfect.I hope that my review will help.Thank you	
Apr 21 2008 	Good Location	Have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel. Overall i was very impressed with the hotel, for a london hotel the rooms were larger than average. We had a large travel cot and had room for a large pushchair and there was plenty of room left ( When people say the rooms are small i do wonder what they are doing in them!)Yes some of the furniture had seen better days in the bedroom but it was VERY clean. I am quite fussy and i can honestly say that i looked for dirt and didnt find any (not even on the bottom of the shower curtain)It is a massive hotel and may be it could do with a few more lifts but the bar service was good and breakfast was lovely.The location of the hotel is excellent for anyone coming from the west who wants to bring the car for a short time. parking is £1 an hour if you are a hotel resident and the tube station is only 3 minutes walk away.It was a bit noisy on saturday night but that can only be expected in such a large hotel.	
Apr 13 2008 	Overpriced rooms need refurb.	Very slow check-in, despite having prepaid. Rooms very old travellodge type standard and small. Tatty, although the public areas were quite nice. Bit disappointed as the place promoted itself as four star, and charge us four stra prices.	
Apr 3 2008 	Good for Central London	I stayed at this hotel as I was speaking at a conference at the Novotel, thus this was booked for me by my company. I was booked into the hotel in a speedy and efficient manner by polite staff. My room was not as good as the standard that I have experienced at other Novotels (although my colleague had such a room). It was ok and well equipped with tea facilities/ iron/ hairdryer, but it was not as bright and spacious as the Novotel rooms to which I have become accustomed.My colleague and I chose to dine at the hotel, and there was a good choice of food with the option of ordering from the menu or buffet option. Unusually we opted for the buffet option as it look rather good- which it was. In addition to the excellent selection, the food was fresh and extremely reasonably priced (around £12 for a main course). There was also a good wine list and champagne similary fairly priced (we had a bottle of Pommery which was approx £40).The only niggles that I have surounding my stay were as follows. Firstly, my company had arranged for me to have a continental breakfast for which you had to complete and order form to hang on your room door before midnight, which would be delivered to your room the following morning (including your drink choice and time that you wanted the breakfast delivered). My breakfast was freshly made and delivered on time, and delivered to the room at no extra cost. I was in the process of gettting ready for the day, when room service came back to the room about an hour and a half after delivering the breakfast, to collect the tray. This was rather inconvenient as I had just got out of the shower, and was surprised that the hotel should send staff around the rooms before guests were likely to have checked out/ vacated the room for the day. About 20 minutes later, the room maid came around (this was at 9.30am) to clean the room. Again I had to send them away as at this point I was in the process of gathering my belongings to vacate the room. I did feel a little harrassed by this, as I had, as well as generally having a shower and getting dresed, been completing work. It would be better that the hotel adopt a policy of not visiting the rooms of those they know will be checking out on that day prior to them actually checking out. The only other issue, which I accept was not entirely in the control of the hotel (but certainly worth them considering), is the fact that my room was on a floor where there were a number of French students. Aside from this, not a bad stay!	
Feb 24 2008 	Ran out of cold water in bathroom in morning	First time I'd booked a hotel in London. Easy to find, close to tube station. Booked a family room which was fine, with sofa bed for the two children. The buffet was delicious, and I wished I didn't feel full as I would have loved to have gone round again...For £95 for the night, with the two children free, inc their breakfast free, the price was very reasonable.Our only complaint was that after two of us had showered, the cold water ceased, totally. This meant that the water in the sink and bath/shower was unusable and scorching, with no method of cooling it down.Despite this, I would stay there again.	
Feb 24 2008 	Good hotel - Shame about the taxi service!	My partner took me to this hotel for a night, when we went to see the Lion King show at the Lyceum Theatre. As the hotel booked taxi's for us we thought we would do this. For future reference never book a taxi from this hotel, get a metered black cab outside the main lobby. As you will pay well over the odds, and they did not have a clue where one of the most famous theatres in london was!, we paid the equivalent of what a black cab would charge after 10 o clock at 7, and we were 15 mins late for our show. I just thought i would let other people know, because we have learnt by our mistakes. We complained at the hotel but are yet to hear back.The hotel was average and the location is well away from the theatre district, if you can stay near the theatres do this. As we paid £25 each way to the theatre.	
Feb 7 2008 	Ok but there are much better choices for your money!	I have stayed at the Novotel West in London for one week in February for the last four years due to business. I just returned from this year's visit to this hotel. Although I find the hotel okay, I would really encourage travelers that there are much nicer places (especially some really cute B &amp; B's) where they can stay at for less money and for a more convenient location.The hotel is near the subway station, has a nice breakfast buffet, and generally nice, polite staff.However, the neighbor does not offer much to do, the hotel is fairly plain, with lots of features frequently not working (on this trip we had troubles with our internet, plumbing and iron!) although the hotel staff did try to compensate for this.So...okay if your company is paying and you like this location.But if you are paying yourself, I would advise you to explore other options.D. Connolly	
Dec 16 2007 	Not worth it	My husband and I stayed here because it was the only accommodation in London we could get cheaply with air miles. It was a massive business hotel with hallways that made us feel like we were in The Shining. Our room was pretty plain with one small cheap blue pillow thrown onto each bed, except the one on mine had what looked like a snot stain on it (I hope it was snot). The breakfast buffet that was included with the room price was greasy and the coffee tasted horrible as well. Internet was overpriced, it should be offered for free in a business hotel of that price per night. Totally not worth it.	
Nov 26 2007 	Not bad but not great	We stayed at this hotel as we were at the Foo Fighters concert at the O2.I would think about staying here again if I had to to go to a gig. The room was clean. The shower didn't work very well.Room service breakfast choice was very very limited. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant had a much bigger choice but the porridge was cold, eggs runny.......... so like I said not a bad room but not a great package.	
Nov 14 2007 	Not great but not awful	Very large hotel located just a couple of minutes walk from Hammersmith tube station. I stayed in a standard room which was a typical Novotel room, I think it was time for the rooom to be updated, although I think there were also refurbished rooms available in the hotel at a higher price. Tea and coffee making facilities, iron, flat screen TV, safe, minibar, shower and bath, comfy bed. No great view - I was on the 9th (top floor) and was hoping for a good view of London but was disappointed to look across to a large office block. Staff were helpful and friendly - everyone I met in the corridor said hello/good morrning. The hotel was very busy (full) when I stayed but it didn't seem crowded - I didn't have to queue for breakfast and had no trouble checking out. There is wifI available in the lobby but I couldn't get connected. The hotel has a shop and a couple of bars and a restaurant. Overall I was not disappointed and fundamentally there's not much that's wrong with this hotel, it served my purposes fine, but I was just not wowed by the experience.	
Oct 27 2007	clean modern hotel	We stayed here for one night as part of a short break to London,the hotel is bright , modern &amp; clean, we found the staff to be efficient , pleasant &amp; helpful, the rooms are a good size &amp; well presented , we were a party of 2 adults &amp; two children (11 + 5)we had a double bed , with a very adequate sofa-bed for the kids, the room more than met our needs.The buffet breakfast had a larger than normal selection that I imagine would cater to most peoples tastes, the only small niggle is I found some of the hot items to be a bit undercooked, but in general very good.As for the location of the hotel ,it is a fair way out of the centre but the nearest tube station is an easy 5 minute walk and we found no problem with it.The exterior of the hotel is a bit nondescript &amp; is set back from the road, you get to the main entrance via a flight of steps or a ramp you then cross a plaza to the hotel, this area lets the hotel down as it is not in a good state of repair, they have tried to make the area by the doorway more attractive but in all it does let down what is an above average hotel down, this said I would recommend it &amp; would use it again myself.	
Oct 16 2007 	Loved Novotel in Hammersmith	I loved this hotel. It was in a convenient location. Literally a 3 minute walk to the tube station. There are also a few little shopping centers, with some good food. Definitely recommend eating at Orsini Ristorante right across from the tube station. Had really good Lasagne. With our room we got breakfast every morning. The breakfast at the hotel had lots of options. They served a full english breakfast, also croissants, crepes, breads, fruits, eggs, variety of juices, etc. Very yummy. The room was very clean, a good size. Came with a safe (very useful). Only complaints are when we were there the TV was having problems, and the shower is weird. The shower screen door only went to the halfway point. So It doesnt cover the entire bathtub area. It was kinda odd. The people were very friendly and helpful. Room service was yummy, not the biggest variety but the options available were good.	
Sep 10 2007	To Expensive for such a hotel	I wont's stay here again! I stayed there last month for a business trip I was glad that the company payed for the room and not myself. The hotel is very expensive for what you get. Although London is expensive there are better hotels for this price (payed 150 pounds, excluding breakfast). Rooms are small, but ok. The building itsels looks more like a sleeping factory...	
Sep 10 2007 	Novotel met our needs nicely	We stayed here two nights at the beginning of a two week Globus tour - myself, my husband and 12 year old daughter.Our room was nothing fancy but comfortable and spacious enough for the three of us. My daughter slept on a sofabed.The location is within easy walking distance of the town of Hammersmith and the tube station. We had no trouble getting in and out of London.The buffet breakfast was very nice with lots of choices. We chose to eat our other meals outside of the hotel.	
Sep 4 2007 	Only if you need to be here	This is the second time we've stayed here. If you just need somewhere to stay over in Hammersmith for a night, it's fine, otherwise not much to recommend it. It's a huge characterless place, with miles to walk from the lift to our room. It was quiet on the fifth floor.The room was a tad shabby. Nominally a no smoking room, it smelt of cigarettes. The room was too warm when we arrived, but we left the windows open when we went out then it was fine. The bed was a bit springy (and not pocket-sprung). It was either badly made up, or the undersheet was the wrong size as when I lifted the pillow, it was just matress underneath. Sheets were a bit itchy. One lightbulb was missing by the bed. The internet didn't work. The TV was very badly tuned. The bathroom was fine, and clean. Bathroom door was a fight to get out.We arrived and left during the tube strikes. The concierge said he had ordered us a taxi, but it sounded later like he hadn't at all until we asked again. I would allow plenty of time if relying on getting a cab from the hotel.	
Aug 16 2007 	Very nice	2 adults, 2 kids (Ages 3+8) stayed here early Aug 07.Very nice hotel. Staff were excellent, always stopping to say hello.Breakfast was great, as mentioned by other TA's.Room size good.Booked via a different agent, but good prices available directly via novotel website also.Location is good, very close to Hammersmith tube station+bus station.Some tips - Tesco's in the shopping centre over the tube station is handy for quick purchases. This same shopping centre also has a Disney shop.The bus stop is actually about 100 metres from the front door of the hotel, whereas to actually get to the tube platform, it's about 400 metres. From this bus stop, you can go directly to Harrods, Knightsbridge, Picadilly circus, and Waterloo. We used this off-peak, and I reckon it was quicker then using the tube. You also got to see lots of parts of London, you might otherwise miss. Finally, cheaper then the tube.Close to BBC television centre - check out my review of same at http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g186338-d257586-r8408152-BBC_Television_Centre-London_England.html	
Jul 30 2007 	novotel london west	Stayed here fore 1 night on 7th. Good hotel, decent breakfast but not the best in the world as I have read here...Very friendly staff, but hotel is too expensive...	
Jul 30 2007 	Nothing to complain about really enjoyed the breakfast.	We (a family of five) booked two rooms at the Novotel London West in July, 2007. The hotel staff were kind when checking in, and were quick to get us in to our rooms (which weren't together, but I guess they were very full and couldn't accommodate for that). I had been warned about the size of european hotel rooms, but was not disappointed with these rooms. There is enough space for suitcases and a folded-out sofa bed - even though we were fitting three teenage girls into the one room! My fondest memory of our stay at this hotel was the buffet breakfast, and I would recommend that to any future guests, it's wonderful.This hotel is a very short walk from Hammersmith metro station. I had no problems with it being a little further out from very-central London because the public transport was so convenient. London is such a big city, you are bound to need to catch the tube to get around anyway, wherever you stay.	
Jul 8 2007	Novotel London West	We stayed here for 2 nights in July of 2006 while traveling with a Globus Tour. It is on the outskirts of the heart of London and tourist areas. From the outside, it does not look very special. The room was clean and average size. We had breakfast each morning at the hotel, compliments of the tour we were with. It was a buffet breakfast with an average selection. There is a tube stop about a 5 minute walk from the hotel (get directions from the front desk). There are also pubs and other restaurants near the tube stop.On the lowest floor of the hotel there is a Globus desk, where anyone can book morning/afternoon/day/dinner tours to various sights in the London area. We took the Windsor Castle tour, which was great - highly recommended.	
Jul 3 2007 	Good value in London	Was very pleased to book two nights here at £105 a night over a weekend. Location is really close to two different tube stations, loads of shops and pubs locally. We chose this place due to its proximity to the Hammersmith Apollo as we were going to a gig, and it was a 5 minute walk away so perfect. We arrived just after mid day and were allowed to check in immediately so we were very pleased about that. The hotel had a shop in it as well that seemed to have a good stock of snacks, drinks and other bits and pieces.The lifts and corridors were all clean and quiet, and our room was the same. It overlooked the flyover and was noisy if the window was open but there was air con in the room if you felt too warm so that wasn't a problem. A small soft drinks fridge (not too pricey) and a kettle with complimentary tea and coffee meant we had what we needed. The bed was very comfy and there were other types of pillows in the cupboard, along with spare towels and toiletries.Breakfast was excellent, far better than what I was expecting. Massive range of good stuff to choose from. Finally checkout was at midday rather than 11am so again, that was a bonus.All the staff we encountered were friendly and we'd defo use this hotel again if we needed to stay on that side of London. It's about 20 mins on the tube from Hammersmith to Kings Cross, so it's not that far out. The one small thing that we found surprising was the fact that it cost £3.50 for a small bottle of Leffe from the bar, but that's what you get if you want to drink something better than cooking beer in a hotel I guess!	
Jun 18 2007 	Fantastic value!	I stayed with my 19 year old son and 15 year old daughter in one room, £105 a night including absolutely fantastic breakfast for all three of us. No hassle at all booking a family room for three on internet and room was spacious amd even had room for a fourth person. The air con actually worked, unlike many other more expensive London hotels I have stayed in recently. Mattresses were extremely comfortable. Lots of amenities such as iron and board in room, free newspaper, handy shop, vending machines and ice machine. Staff were charming. Very handy for tube into central London. I'll definitely stay again...Great Muse concert, too!	
Jun 14 2007 	Very very good hotel in London a great find!	We stayed at this Novotel for just the 1 night in June 2007 and we were very surprised at the high quality of the hotel. Placed around 4 mins walk from Hammersmith underground station, the hotel has a non-descript entrance (i.e. you wander up a ramp or climb a few steps) and enter a plaza, and then you eventually find the hotel entrance. Check-in was a dream, staff very friendly and lobby area vast and airy. Very nice.The room was superb, a top floor double room which was very well decked out with a fantastic shower room, a very funky sink, and a top LCD TV in the room (with speakers in the shower room too).Breakfast is amongst the best I've had in any hotel anywhere in the world (not an exaggeration), and the check-out process was painless and easy.We were expecting a tired, slightly grotty hotel (which is line with many London hotels) but this Novotel really is a great hotel in a very handy, accessible location. It's definitely worth a try and you shouldn't be left disappointed.	
Jun 9 2007	Good clean commercial experience	Stayed here with a tour group a few years back and had a pleasant experience. The hotel was very large and commercial but generally friendly. The rooms were very small and we found several bugs in our bathroom. My main complaint involves breakfast. There was a continental breakfast for the tour groups located in the restaurant on the main floor. The regular breakfast buffet (which you pay extra for) was located directly next to the one for the tour groups. We had to sit in a roped off section of the dining room and eat our corn flakes while the regular patrons had eggs and sausage and stared at us like we were in a cage. The hotel is located quite a few miles from any tourist attractions but they are easily accesible from the tube station just up the street. If you stay here, go up to the eighth floor at night and check out the gym. An amazing view of the city lies just beyond that treadmill.	
May 30 2007 	Nothing to complain nothing to get exited about	Got booked there by error, wanted to book the Novotel City for business convenience. Have not been able to find out exactly how the error occured. My assistant believes the Novotel system books you into the nearest one available when the one you ask for is fully booked - I have not verified this. A huge hotel, it takes miles to get to your room. Everything inside is realiable the Novotel way: not too pretty, not too ugly either. But everything works just fine. I liked the buzzing lobby/reception floor but is is on a mezzanine level and I never found anything resembling a real main entrance on the ground floor. Also, it's in Hammersmith.	
May 26 2007 	excellent hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Novotel for 3 nights in May and it happened to be our first trip to London. The hotel was lovely and the staff very friendly and helpful. The rooms are nicely decorated and very comfortable and easy to relax in. My only compaint is that the mattress was too hard for my taste, other than that the room was great! The breakfast buffet was more than ample and quite good. It is a great location, right next to the metro and easy access to anywhere in the city. I would highly reccomend this hotel and we would stay here again.	
May 10 2007 	Very large but well run	Stayed here for a night in transit. This is a big hotel which caters for large groups, airline staff, etc. That it doesn't descend into chaos during peak periods is a tribute to the management and staff. Public areas are sweeping, open and spacious. The breakfast buffet is one of the best I've seen in any hotel in the UK and it tastes good too. The rooms are a good size, well appointed and comfortable.There's no wow factor here, just a well run, quality business hotel.	
May 6 2007 	Good Hotel	The rooms were nice and clean. The hotel had a good location, nice breakfast, though the pancakes and the waffles were not servered hot. When we asked a steward, they heated them up for us in Microwave, but did not serve fresh hot once. The bathrooms were rather small, but the hotel itself was very lively. Overall the rooms were good and so was the hotel.	
May 6 2007 	Great!	Great hotel .Everything was white and clean .Breakfast was too good and fresh.Stuff was nice. This hotel deserve exelent mark.	
May 1 2007 	Reasonable Anonymous Hotel	Convenient for Hammersmith Apollo, Olympia, etc. The Hotel Bar is pricey but has a nice roof terrace with views over the city.The reception can be slow, and a little disorganised at times.The rooms are variable. All a reasonable size, some with a small seating area. Some showers have leaked.Breakfast buffet is good, with a wide choice of cooked &amp; cold fare, except that the black pudding is often a bit undercooked to my taste. I think that Black pudding deteriorates the further south it's eaten.	
Apr 24 2007 	Enjoyable stay. I would recommend	My boyfriend and myself stayed in this hotel in Mid February 2007. We found this hotel to be more than adequate for our visit to London. We stayed about 4 nights in this hotel. The room size was great for a British hotel. We had a liitle love seat which was a nice place to place our bags. It also folded out into a bed, but we did not use it. The hotel was quiet and clean. The shower and bathroom were fine. Water pressure was good and the temperature was hot and consistent. The hotel bar downstares stayed open later. They were even nice enough to open our bottles of beer that we had bought at the shop. It was open later than other local pubs, so we could go there for a later drink after the bars closed. It was very close to the tube station. We did not use the gym or restaurant so I cannot comment on that. We also stayed at the Hilton London Olympia and I would say that this Novotel was a bit nicer, even though it was rated only 3 stars. They have conversion outlets at the front desk for a 10 pound deposit to plug in your american appliances. There is a tea kettle and basic tea and coffee in the room. If you want a basic no-frills hotel that feels safe and clean, this is a good value for your money. We bid it on priceline and got hte hotel for $77 per night. Pretty good rate for London.	
Apr 19 2007 	adequate	I stayed at this hotel for the easter weekend with my 11 year old son, the hotel was ok for a short stay, the rooms were cleaned every day and bedding and towels changed. The view from our room was poor to say the least, it just looked out onto a lower level flat roof with a variety of different metal vents, ducts and that sort of thing on it. The breakfasts were ok and for £15 each they should be, with hindsight I'd have prefered to have gone to a restaurant, I'm sure I'd have got better value for my £30.	
Apr 18 2007 	Nice "Expensive" Modern Hotel	I have stayed here a few times for business meetings and keep meaning to write a review. It's a nice hotel with a bright and airy reception area. The rooms are well appointed with a modern feel. Beds are comfortable but with no top sheet! Stayed there in January when it was freezing outside, but the room was uncomfortably hot. Stayed again last week and had the same problem. I am assuming that the air-conditioning is switched off, as it did not work on either occasion. All of the staff are foreign and many of them have very poor English, which makes it quite difficult to order drinks/food. Unless you can point it out on a menu, you will find that you will run into problems. Breakfast was plentiful but luke warm. The lifts are very slow and there always appears to be one or two of them out of order. At 150 pounds without breakfast, this hotel does not come cheap.......	
Mar 19 2007 	We had a fantastic time! One of the best hotels in London!	My husband and I stayed here so we could be near to the theatre, as had tickets to see 'Little Britain'. The hotel from the outside is very disapointing but inside was a different story. The reception and bar area were very nice, although we didn't have time to stop for a drink!Staff were very friendly and welcoming, pointing us in the right direction for everything. I found the system for leaving your bags after check out (while you explored the city) far better than at other hotels. It was quick and easy. The rooms were lovely, our room had definately been done up recently. Beds were to die for, flat screen t.v. Just really beautiful and really clean. (I worked as a chamber maid while at college, so i spot everything!!) Did wander down other end of corridors and they were no where near as nice, we had a non smoking room.I would reccomend this hotel to anyone, but you obviously need to realise it is not located for the main highlights of London. Though tube station is very close, with a fab fish and chip shop just next to the theatre! Breakfast also very good, although husband didn't enjoy his waffles, my food was really good. A nice selection of buffet food.good service of decaf coffee too which is usually a nightmare! Would stay again, but for longer as only did the one night.	
Mar 13 2007	Minimalist at best	This hotel was minimalist at best. Issues I had included terrible waiting for an elevator to get to the room and get back down to the lobby, fitness center with broken machines, fire alarms going off and waking me up both nights of my stay (2am, 5am), beds with a comforter and fitted sheet but no top/flat sheet (ick!), very limited TV channels, additionally there is nothing that great to do in the area. Pros of the hotel are it is close to the Hammersmith tube so you can go somewhere more exciting with ease, the breakfast buffet is fairly oppulent, and the price is decent. But my reccomendation is only stay here if you have to...otherwise I am sure there are better accomodations elsewhere. The nightly fire drills were too much for me to handle on such a brief stay.	
Jan 14 2007 	OK	We stayed in the Novotel for a seminar for one night. The room was large and clean. The bathroom was basic and bright with toiletries provided albeit small. Towels were clean but small.Like the previous reviewer our TV did not work and we were told it was the entire hotel - it wasn't. We commented on check out and were given a £20 reduction.Breakfast which was included in the price we paid was plentiful but luke warm.The lifts were dreadfully slow and only two appeared to be working at any one time despite the hotel being full.The hotel is good value for the price we eventually paid (£99 B&amp;B) but I would be very disappointed to pay the full published rate.	
Jan 10 2007 	Good Value	I stayed at this hotel for a week during the winter holidays to vacation in London. I would really like to commend the staff as I found them all to be polite and efficient. It was especially trying for them during this period due to all the high school bands staying at the hotel for the New Years Parade. As others have said, the breakfast was good but I would make certain it was included in the room price. The hotel was clean which is my main criterion. As others have mentioned however, there were some problems. The hot water in the shower would cycle scalding then cold. Our TV did not work the entire stay. When we reported it, they said there was nothing that could be done, it was the whole building. This was not true because the rest of my family was across the hall and theirs was fine. If no TV, then you have no clock although the telephone wake up calls were reliable. The hair dryer below the desk was also broken. The safe was initially broken, but was fixed almost immediately with a phone call. Extra towels were provided upon request - again very quickly. Bring your own soap as the one they give is too small for showering.Hammersmith tube station is convenient and on 3 lines, but I felt like the majority of my trip was spent in the tube. Next time, I would stay closer to downtown.For the price, this was a very good buy in London. Very convenient to get to from Heathrow on the tube. Very nice staff.	
Dec 29 2006 	Satisfied with the Novotel	Stayed for three nights on business and found the rooms to be surprisingly large for London with newer amenities, such as LCD TVs and updated furniture. Staff was mostly Czech and friendly; breakfast was good but pricey at 15 pounds. There aren't very many good restaurants in the immediate area, but the Hammersmith tube stop is just a 5-minute walk away. Had problems with the hot water staying hot during a shower -- it would go from pleasant to scalding to freezing without warning. Some of the employees at the place I was working said others who had stayed at the Novotel had mentioned the same thing. It was a bit difficult to get a cab -- not many queue up at this hotel, as it's a little off the beaten path. All in all, this place is fine and a good value, but out of the way for tourists. I would return, but would shop aroun for better options first. Although if I were in London for a concert at the Apollo, I'd probably choose the Novotel, as it's directly across the street.	
Nov 24 2006 	Wouldnt repeat!	Stayed a night at this hotel recently. The room allocated to me was possibly the tackiest I have stayed in for some time. It was cheaply furnished with two uncomfortable double beds, a huge old fashioned TV and MDF type wardrobes. Nil ambiance and a lack of soft furnishing meant a permenant echo. The curtains were made out of some hard rubber type fabric and the carpet- well ive seen lino with more pile! The worst aspect was the bed spread and ancient blankets. To be fair, the room wasnt dirty- it just needed a complete refurbishment. Other gripes included the inability to get a cab- they dont seem to visit oftenLooking for positives, the staff were all very nice (esp the Hungarian barmaid) albeit all foreign. The location is also ideal for visiting the exhibition halls nearby (which I wasnt!). Breakfast was OK and the common areas were better in style than the rooms. Also the advantage in being high rise is the great views over West LondonA totally functional hotel which is adequate for business, however for me, a not to be repeated experience!	
Nov 8 2006	Liked the Novotel West	We stayed at the Novotel West while on a Globus tour. We found the hotel very clean and modern and the staff (mostly seemed to be from Eastern Europe) spoke good English and were very professional and well trained. The buffet breakfast was very good. We felt that it was pushing it a bit to bill it as &quot;Central London&quot;; it is on the far western edge of central London, and it is quite a long tube ride to the major sights from Hammersmith Tube Station, which is very near the hotel. On the plus side, its location assured that it was very quiet. There are plenty of shops in the immediate neighborhood. The neighborhood also includes many fast food places and sports pubs, but good restaurants are hard to find and the hotel food is average and rather expensive. However, given the options in London we felt the hotel was very good and we would consider staying there again.	
Nov 7 2006 	Nothing Special Average Hotel....	I stayed 3 nights in November, 2006 and my review is mixed. This hotel is not a new building, but I felt that the cleaning was adequate and room was not so small. Hotel is less than 5 minutes from the underground and Hammersmith station is about 15~20 minutes from downtown attractions so the location is not so bad.However, one of the bad side is that most of the room has only dial-up connection for internet at $20.00 per day which I think is a joke. Who uses dial up these days anyway? Hotel offers Wifi connection at the lobby area but it was hassle for me to go down to the lobby to check my e-mail or so.Secondly, on the first morning, the hotel forgot to bring my breakfast to my room at the requested time and I had to call room service to have it delivered.Other than those minor points, I think this hotel was little above average given the rate that I paid at $130.00 per night considering it is London after all.Next time, I would like to stay little bit closer to downtown...	
Oct 27 2006 	Very pleased with our stay	We were very pleased with our 4 night stay at the Novotel. It is a very large, modern style build hotel and appears to be in good condition throughout. It is conveniently situated a short walk from Hammersmith Tube station which has good links into central London via the Piccadilly and District Lines. Although there are quite a number of shops in/by the Tube station, the hotel itself is more in a residential area with little in the way of either shops or restaurants immediately close by.Our bedroom was on the 8th floor, almost at the very far end from the lifts. As the hotel is so large, this is actually quite a long way. The room itself was slightly on the small side as you would probably expect in London but was nevertheless adequate enough. The only slight complaint was the lack of storage areas for our luggage. As well as the Kingsize bed, there was also a bed settee which folded out into either one or two single beds. My wife and I had our 12 year old daughter with us so this was an important consideration to us when booking.Breakfast was included in the price for the three of us. It was served in a buffet format and included a good spread of both hot and cold items. The last two nights we also ate in the hotel in the evening. The food was very good, well presented and decent enough value for money.The hotel staff are almost all either French or Polish. Without exception they provided a good level of service and were generally friendly. We enjoyed our stay at the Novotel and would certainly consider staying there again when we next return to London.	
Sep 19 2006 	Nice stay at the Novotel	Checked in after a long flight, had a hard time finding my way up to the entrance (ended up dragging my suitcase up a long flight of stairs) and was given a non-smoking room. Went back down and got switched to a smoking room, only to find out that I didn't have a room with internet access and the woman at the front desk told me they could switch me again, but for internet access, I would have to pay a surcharge for an &quot;executive room.&quot; Couldn't be bothered to move again at that point, ended up going out sightseeing (hotel is quite convenient to the tube, district line).When I got back, the manager switched my room again to one with internet access without charging me, which I thought was very nice...Beyond that, the rest of my stay was quite nice. Standard Novotel room, but nice enough. No problems at all.Breakfast seemed a little over priced, but the sandwich I had from room service was quite good!Overall, if it hadn't been for the snafu while checking in, I would have rated this stay much better!	
Sep 3 2006 	Loved the Novotel	Me and my girlfriend spent a short weekend break there. The room we stayed in was very spaceous and clean. Staff were always smiling and went out of their way to ensure a pleasant stay for us.Definately would go there again. If anyone from Novotel reads this, once again I would like to say thank you for a pleasrable stay.	
Aug 19 2006	Stayed with Globus Tour	Room was booked through GLOBUS travel. Our room was good and what we expected. Hammersmith Tube was close. One Pub nearby that we enjoyed was the &quot;Queens Head&quot;. Give it a try. Our only complaint: Exercise Room that was advertised was not on site and had a 5 pound charge. Breakfast was decent . I would stay again.	
Aug 14 2006 	Absolutely fantastic	Booked this hotel through Superbreak.com for a 3 night stay bed and breakfast for me, my husband and 12 year old daughter. Absolutely faultless. Only a short walk from the tube station. Rooms a decent size and spotless, anything you asked for was delivered promptly i.e. extra cup, milk, towels and pillow. Breakfast fantastic. If I had to pick a fault there wasn't enough storage space for your clothing. Would I go back - definitely.	
Aug 1 2006 	Frequent Traveller	We stayed about 1 week in July 2006 during Farnborough International airshow. Was more than satisfied. On my opinion it's best 3-star hotel in London: - rooms about 15 sq. m. , what is very big room for 3 star in London. -There is airconditioner in each room, what is more then important when outside is +32-33 C. - Varied breakfast (if you'll take full english one) with fruites, hot dishes, cold snacks. -Very frendly staff.-Iron-desk and iron in each room.- Underground station nearby ( 5 min. walk)It a little bit far from the center (to get the attractions you should use tube), but at the same time better accommodation for less money. We used travel agent and stayed at 70 GBP per room.	
Jul 31 2006 	Ok for stopover between centre of London and Heathrow	I ended up in this place because the hotel I had booked (Hammersmith Express Holiday Inn) was inaccessible because of a gas leak on King Street. I was very very grateful that Novotel still had a room available at about 7:30 pm. Check in was friendly and sympathetic. The room itself was spacious (Novotel is very family friendly and the place was full of families) but not particularly appealing, stained carpet, smoky, listless decor. The buffet breakfast was poor and overpriced for what it offered for GBP15; service in that area was rather surly. On the bright side: the air conditioning worked, the shower was great, the roomservice food tasty (fantastic procsiutto sandwich), the sheets pure cotton. Very close to Hammersmith tube station, so easy to take Piccadilly Line to Heathrow. I do prefer the much better priced express holiday inn in the same area, partly because it includes in its price a fantastic breakfast.	
Jul 25 2006 	too expensive	we stayed 2 adualts + 2 children. made reservation for a room+sofa bed for almost 200 pound for night.got their at 11pm, they gave us a standart room instead( i paid 50 pound more than to a standart room). i got back to reception, the lady did not even apologise, only said i probebly had mistake but then gave us the corect room. so, at 11:30 pm, we got to our room.it was very hot outside and the aircondition was very poor. i called house keeping twice and got the answer that they have 630 rooms to cool and that is the maximum???!!! not the answer i expected.the service was good, polite, the food was great. very good breakfast and dinner.the kids loved the hotel. i think i've paid too much but the hotel is nice.	
Apr 8 2006	Convenient stopover hotel	I stayed here in April for one night as an alternative to staying at a Heathrow Airport hotel. Hammersmith is on the Picadilly tube line, and the hotel is only 3-4 mins easy walk from the station. In that respect, the hotel is ideal. It is also very accessible by road, being right next to the Hammersmith flyover.I did feel originally that the room has been slightly mis-sold. I booked on the Internet for a room with a double, a single and a sofa bed. It turns out that, in the room I was given, the Sofa Bed WAS the single bed. Either that was a mistake, or they are using 'a form of words' to make the room appear more attractive than it actually is. Check carefully, perhaps by phone, if the bedding arrangements really matter to your party.Being a relatively modern hotel the rooms were fairly generous by London standards, and the price similarly so. I have stayed in some awful west-end fleapits for the same money, so any gripes I had were contextualised.There were few gripes, however. It was fairly standard Novotel stuuf in many respects (right down to the modular plasticky bathrooms!). The previous reviewer who said that there were too few Tea &amp; Coffee sachets was absolutely right, but I can't think that there was much else wrong.	
Mar 25 2006 	standards slipped since last march	I visited the Novotel Hammersmith W6 on Thursday 23rd March 2006 for the London Disability Conference.I also visited last year and thought the venue was fantastic, however this year it seemed massively lacking in terms of the quality and service offered.The main conference room was extremely cold as if the air-con was up too high.At coffee time, our table was forgotten for the hot jugs and I had to find a waitress on the corridor to bring some in to us.At lunchtime we never even had any side-plates and ended up eating from paper serviettesThe sandwiches were dreadful, something like mushrooms on dry bread, then avacado and cheese that had leached a strange orangey liquid into dry bread and peppers with dry bread.Most were sent back uneaten, but there was no explanation as to why the food was so bad-although the conference organiser said there had been a few problems.In the afternoon we had a repeat performance over the hot jugs and all 4 rear tables got missed, before a waitress apologised and brough then jugs in.Upon leaving I had an enquiry at reception and there was a dispute between a customer checking in who had been booked into a room with someone else despite him being a single traveller not knowing even who the other person was.It hardly inspires confidence for what is a fantastic looking hotel and in the past has proved itself to be exactly a fantastic venue.This years visit I felt saddened and dissappointed, having travelled down as a disabled person to the event, as I do each year but it was really saddening as if the place was on the slide and had gone downhill in the past 12 months.i have to say the staff did their best at waiting etc and on the desk but it was the behind the scenes snags that seemed to let the whole place down.hope it imnproves as its a good venue but please novotel raise the standards.	
Mar 13 2006 	Terrible Rooms.	I stayed at this hotel on business in March 06 for two nights.The whole room reminded me of an old static caravan...Very poor quality for a '4 star' hotel. Good breakfast and staff were polite as can be expected. I've stayed in many a Premier Travel Inn that is MUCH better than this.	
Jan 16 2006	attentive service.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on Saturday night, for 1 night b/b. We have to say that all staff gave us first class service, including the driver from Hyde park Cars, who took us to our destination. The room was modern with a decent bed.We also had a great view, courtesy of the lady on the desk, who changed our room as we were checking in. Our minor criticism of the room is that we only had 2 teabags and the small tubs of milk were off. Howver, we went to Reception and were quickly replenished. First time ever we never took toiletries and unfortunately there was only 1 phial of shampoo and one of shower gel - which was just about enough for the pair of us. However, had we asked, am sure we could have had plenty more.The food was of a very high standard and we did not have to wait too long to be served in the afternoon, inspite of several events going on. The Staff took it all in their stride. Likewise breakfast time was really pleasant. My husband was asked if he would like some more hot chocolate, without being asked, which really made his birthday.!The hotel is a 4/5 minute walk from Hammersmith tube station. Should you be staying longer, there are plenty of places of interest, within short distances, by tube, on foot or bus, from the hotel. Unfortunately the afternoon we went there were tube problems, so some of our journey was on a bus. There were also very good transport staff assisting visitors.	
Jan 3 2006 	Dirty night away	I had to book a hotel in Hammersmith for business and chose the Novotel purely because of its location, which is great for the nearby offices of several companies. If you are visiting London for pleasure though, steer well clear.The check in desk was poorly staffed and when you finally did get checked in the greeting was cold and scripted. The room was functional, though was more comparable to one of those roadside 'travel taverns' than a business hotel. More worrying though was the hotel's poor standard of cleanliness. On reaching my room I decided to make a cup of tea. I picked up the kettle, only to find that it was full...not of water but cold, old coffee! I put my suitcase on the stand to unpack it, and in the process looked down. I noticed that behind the suitcase stand was a thick layer of dirt against the wall...and a fossilised pair of someone else's socks. There was so much else wrong, I'll have to summarise. In short the room was dirty, the toilet flush was broken and the next morning I was woken up at 5.15 am by the people in the room next door. They weren't being especially loud, but the walls are so thin, if your neighbour gets up early- you will too (unless you had the foresight to bring earplugs).If you really need to stay in central Hammersmith, consider this hotel only if you can get a great rate, can tolerate a bit of grubbiness and will be going to bed late and getting up early.	
Nov 5 2005	"Don't forget the Prozac" .... supplementary	Well, we did go back to the Novotel West London a few days after my previous visit (see &quot;Don't forget the Prozac) and I do have to revise my opinion in some respects:Plus points:*Our room was in warmer colours than the previous one - this made a big difference.*We had dinner in the restaurant - absolutely excellent food, simple, carefully cooked with high quality ingredients, cheerfully and competently served (at 11pm!), and very good value.Minus points:The &quot;no smoking&quot; room absolutely stank of tobacco.The bar is a joke. If you walk up for a drink at the counter you have to wait in line behind table service. The &quot;system&quot; for service consists of a ludicrous snowstorm of post-its. After 20 minutes we gave up.The invitation on the desk in the room - to text the manager directly if any problems - produced a standard automated response and no action - what's the point?	
Oct 29 2005 	Don't forget the Prozac	This place has a (pay) car park - a bonus in London - and is easy to get to from the motorway. Checkin looks a bit robotic - everyone in identical uniforms - but reasonably pleasant and efficient.I suspect the reason this place is not higher up the ratings is because the rooms - are frankly depressing. The walls and ceiling are spray-on Artex type stuff. The overall colour scheme is dull, dull, dull, especially the dingy pastels in the bathrooms. The remorselessly minimalist/rational furniture is utterly charmless. Glaring through all this drabness as soon as you walk in the door the TV is turned on and switched to lurid offers for pay porno. Hateful. A soothing, cheerful sanctuary these rooms are not. The mattresses are ok but there is nothing between the slick platicky matress surface and the sheet - so you find yourself lying on the bare mattress in the morning. Yuk. The pillows are rubbery and unyielding. Neckache beckons in the AM.The cheap plastic baths are unpleasantly narrow - I don't think Kate Moss could submerge in one. The showers are OK if a bit hard to figure out.The in room wifi is Orange france but you can use a BT Openzone account at no extra charge ... that's a real plus.The foyer / restaurant area is spacious and more cheerful because all the guests seem to prefer to hang out in the bars and restaurants - i wonder why.The food is good, good value, proficiently cooked and cheerfully served. really excellent breakfast buffet (they don't know how to make good tea though).Overall: This is French minimalism taken to a slightly inhumen extreme, softened a lot by the catering quality. OK for a one night stay if you can get a reduced rate...but hardly a home from home.	
Oct 23 2005 	Novotel was fine for me!	I stayed here for one night for a confererence that was being held in the hotel the following day. The conference facilities were excellent.For such a huge hotel I found the service to be polite and prompt. The room was very clean and modern with a double bed and sofa bed. The bathroom was spotless although I found the design of the sink a little strange.Breakfast was excellent and reasonable (for London prices) at £6.95 for a full English buffet plus fruit, muffins and cereals etc.All in all a good stay and I would stay again.	
Oct 3 2005 	Cheap but not luxurious	Stayed here 2 nights in May 05. The front enterance is very impressive, but is designed to welcome large coach parties, the main reception desk is one floor up in the lift.As previous reviewers have noted, very impressive foyer but once you get to your room you know you are in a novotel, well that's OK for me as a actually like Novotels, the rooms are large, light and clean although the overall design is beginning to look a little dated now.Breakfast the next morning was excellent with attentive service and a wide range of hot and cold choices.Only downside is that the nearest tube station is a 10 minute walk away and is inside a small shopping centre - can make things slightly confusing	
Oct 1 2005	My personal view	I stayed one night Bed and Breakfast at this hotel in Shortlands on the saturday 30-7-05.I paid with airmiles for the stay.I was on the 4th floor right on the corner of the building so i had good views on two sides.The room was spacious with good lighting,tv with remote and various foreign channels including a French,German and some other foreign ones.There was a Playstation attached and i paid the fee at reception and was ready to play The weakest link quiz game but unfortunately it wouldn't work [i was refunded the fee].The bathroom was spacious but was shower only and i always like a bath,shame.	
Sep 3 2005	Great Hotel	We had the pleasure of staying for 3 nights. The rooms were very pleasant, having being refurbished recently. Breakfast was a decent spread with a selection of cold and/or hot breakfast. The staff were also friendly and helpful. However, parking at the hotel's carpark is not free for guests. Charges are a £1 an hour. Overall, we had an enjoyable stay.	
Aug 14 2005	Don't Understand Why This Isn't Higher Up The League	I've stayed here twice over the last couple of years and have always found it excellent. I got a really good rate with breakfast the twice I was here and unlike many other hotels, the single room was large, bright and spacious. The staff were really helpful, even after the booking company on my first viist and booked me in for the wrong night, this was sorted without hassle or extra cost to me. The reception area is bright and the food is good. No complaints at all.	
Jul 4 2005	Location good everything else mediocre	Like a lot of other reviewers, I chose this hotel because I was going to a concert at the Hammersmith Apollo. The location was great for that - easy walking distance. I would probably not stay there again though. I stayed with a friend and we checked in separately. When I got there, my friend had already checked in. When the front desk checked me in, it completely invalidated my friend's electronic room keys. Front desk people seemed very distracted during check-in and check-out, even though there were no other guests waiting. The air conditioning dripped to the point that a spot in the carpet directly underneath the unit was soaked and squishy by the time we checked out. The shower/tub floor was elevated several inches above the bathroom floor, with a very high tub wall, and nothing on the shower wall inside to hang onto. Made getting out very precarious. On the good side: gift shop was nice, concierge was very helpful (front desk was not even helpful in pointing out where the concierge was located) and the location was great for my purposes. On the whole though, not at all worth the money.	
Jun 23 2005	Near Apollo	Stayed here for one night to go to a gig. Not a bad hotel. Desk staff a bit surly. During booking us in the girl decided to fill up the leaflet display. Room was pleasant enough we were on the 8th floor. Everything was ok until the neighbours arrived in at about 1.20 am and decided to have music on exceptionally loud. Was very tempted to ask to be moved but hubby was already snoring his head off. Betwen the noise from him and the noise from them it was much quieter to open all the windows and listen to the noise from the street. Eventually fell asleep but was glad to get home for a quiet nights kip. Would stay there again but would complain next time.	
Mar 13 2005	fantastic hotel	I agree with the previous reviewer - this hotel is excellent for any shows at the Hammersmith Apollo. It's got a fantastic shop in the lobby (selling newspapers, sweets etc), a restaurant and bar. Plus there's also internet access which I think was not too cheap at 5 pounds for 30 mins.. but fine if you need it. The rooms themselves were spacious -I stayed for two nights in a twin room witha friend. There was one double bed and sofa bed. The one downside was that the bathroom door didn't lock properly, but that was only one bad point. The breakfast was great and there were also complimentary newspapers for each guests every day. I've stayed in much worse hotels than this in Hammersmith before, for a lot more money! We also had a great rate on the internet. I will definately be returning to this hotel again for any future london trips!	
Feb 3 2005	average in all aspects	I stayed at Novotel Hammersmith in July 2004 with my husband. We picked the hotel just because of the rate.The hotel was average in all aspects; breakfast, service, cleaning, etc. I have to say that the furniture at the room did not look cosy at all, so I would not like to spend a week in this hotel...	
Jan 26 2005	Perfect if you're going to the Hammersmith Apollo!	Don't be fooled by previous 2 star reviews - this hotel was fine. My boyfriend and I stayed for 2 nights last weekend as we were going to see the awesome Velvet Revolver in nearby Hammersmith Apollo. The venue was 5 mins walk from the hotel and the tube- perfect! It was very much a conference hotel and we did feel like we were the only guests without nametags, but the room was spacious, the shower was great (very strong water pressure), staff were courteous and the breakfast, regardless of what previous picky reviewers have said, was fine. It wasn't the Ritz, but as a place to lay your head for a few nights in London, it's good value for money!! Recommended!!	
Jan 20 2005	Nice stay.	We stayed at the Novotel West hotel, in Hammersmith for 2 night in April 2003. The hotel is a typical Novotel, with big rooms and some amenities. The location is not great if you want to visit London's attractions but the tube station is a block away and if you are arriving to London from Heathrow it's pretty easy to use the tube. Front desk was alright although a bit cold and not very pleasant to deal with.	
Jan 14 2005	Great for tourists	My wife and I stayed at Novotel Hammersmith in 2003 during our first trip to London. Extremely convenient due to its proximity to the Underground. The staff was very attentive and the concierge was most helpful in assisting to solve travel arrangements. Hotel and dining room were very clean. The pub was bright and staff was a lot of fun. I would definietly stay there again.	
Dec 2 2004	First 	This hotel is in a good location for the Apollo Theatre but there is nothing else to recommend it. The outside of the building is drab and the rooms even worse. I have stayed in nicer student accomodation. The foyer was the only reasonably presented part of the hotel. I even found the lifts to be incredibly slow. Previous reviews have stated that the rooms are very clean. Not so. I found hair in the bath as well as stained towels! I was late in booking but I am sure that for similar money the Hilton or the nearby Holiday Inn would have been far superior. The Hilton even has early booking internet discounts and would be my first choice next time.	
Dec 1 2004	good	Just stayed for a month and I find the other reviews all accurate. The staff is very friendly and helpful, but many do lack full english language skills and this can be a pain, but there are usually enough staff around to find help.When you arrive in the hotel lobby, which is not on the ground floor but one level up, might mislead you into thinking your room will be very nice....butonce in your room you'll realize you are in a Novotel. This means standard room, with beds that can be a problem. My group had many people who had beds that were in desparate need of being thrown out and replaced.Very nice buffet breakfast and very good area.	
Nov 29 2004	Barely a 3 star...	I recently stayed at the Novotel and was less the impressed with the accomodations and service. The rooms were shabby (my group had several different rooms booked and all were similarly undesireable), the bedding was hardly comfortable and the staff was far from helpful. I agree with a previous poster about the breakfast...it was disgusting! To top it off, our phone was having technical difficulties that were never taken care of so we had to use the pay phones in the lobby.	
Nov 26 2004	Typical Conference Hotel	We stayed 2 nights this past week while taking in some London sights. The hotel is large and in the middle of a business district so there isn't much charm inside or out. The hotel is connected to a conference facility and obviously sees a great deal of business travelers. Service was minimal at best. We stayed with 2 children and each night had to ask for their beds to be made up. In addition, the mini bar had nothing in it, the iron had a yellow goop on the bottom which ruined my husband's silk shirt and the safe didn't work. They classified it as a 4 star hotel but I'd say it was more worthy of a 3 star classification. The breakfast buffet was probably the worst we had the entire trip as the coffee was not hot, the eggs had been sitting out long and most of the rest of the items seemed to come from boxes or cans! If you are there for business at the conference facility then it is convenient. If you are there as a tourist I'd recommend looking elsewhere.	
Nov 9 2004	mediocre		
Oct 22 2004	Good location for Apollo Theatre		
Oct 21 2004	Good Value		
Sep 16 2004	good hotel		
Jun 23 2004	Needs refurbishment		
Feb 25 2004	happy enough		
Feb 18 2004	Good quality		
Feb 7 2004	Loved the Novotel London West Hammersmith		
Jan 5 2004	Great stay		
May 22 2003	Loved the Novotel London West in Hammersmith		
May 22 2003	Unbedingt nach modernisierten Zimmern fragen		
May 22 2003	????????????????		
Nov 13 2009 	Une grosse usine très mal entretenue		
Nov 2 2009 	Desinteresada atención al cliente		
Oct 30 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Oct 24 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 30 2009 	Bon confort		
Sep 3 2009 	Gutes Hotel für Städtereise in ausgezeichneter und ruhiger (!) Lage		
Aug 27 2009 	???????????		
Jul 29 2009 	Per Londra non malissimo		
Jul 15 2009 	Décevant		
Jul 1 2009 	A éviter de toute urgence		
Mar 24 2009 	??????		
Feb 16 2009 	??????????????????		
Feb 4 2009 	??????????????????		
Dec 19 2008 	Hôtel conforme à la chaîne Novotel		
Nov 9 2008 	estancia normal en este hotel.		
Oct 22 2008 	?????????????		
Oct 19 2008 	????????		
Aug 7 2008 	Wunderbar		
May 21 2008 	Buen Hotel		
Apr 10 2008 	une honte		
Feb 25 2008 	Bon hotel mais un peu loin du centre ville		
Jan 26 2008 	Et le service ?		
Jan 25 2008 	Pas terrible		
Dec 10 2007 	Trato agradable		
