	Fantastic Stay at a very Festive Hotel	The Hotel is in a great location, just across the road from New Scotland Yard and within easy walking distance to Westminster Cathedral, St. James Park and the Houses of Parliament (whichever direction you choose to take!)The Superior room we booked was large with a sofa bed providing our child with their own double bed. Preparations for Christmas were underway when we arrived so an ideal hotel if you want to kick-start the festivities.	
	Great Hotel: Victorian elegance	Beautiful Hotel with splendid historic decor. Friendly staff, clean and cosy and in a prime location for tourists. I notice some reviews are not good but the price I paid was so competitive that I decided to take a gamble and it was well worth it. I was in the superior rooms package and a non smoking room maybe you should go for the superior rooms?/	
Nov 23 2009 	Good quiet location but pricy for the quality	Stayed here this weekend. Last visited 20 years ago and not much changed visually. Faded glory - a grand old lady needing a bit of a face lift.Good points:Location is great (on the circle line from Paddington and a 1 min walk from St James' tube. Quiet spot (at the weekend) with good access to lots of places of interest.. Cosy lounges with fires, very nice staff,.However, this is all spoiled by the price charged for what you get! At £171 for a double (room only) and at a whopping £21 each for breakfast not good value. Funny thing was the receptionist sold breakfast to the couple checking in next to me for £12 each per night (ex VAT of course!)The double rooms are extremely small - one small, lumpy double bed and no space around it - so we had to pay £30 a night to upgrade to bigger room with one of the tiniest bathrooms ever. The room was clean and tidy and with a big window, sofa, coffee table and dressing table plus tea/coffee maker. The disappointment was the weedy shower, revolting toiletries, gloomy lighting and no full length mirror or iron.Would only recommend if you could get it for a bargain price.	
Nov 22 2009 	An embarrassment to the NH chain.	Booked &quot;Superior&quot; double room for one night. The first room was a dark, poorly lit but large room with a good view but the bathroom floor was flooded. The general manager was very helpful and arranged to have bags moved to another room whilst we went to the theatre. On our return we were given a much smaller twin room. The general manager was no longer on duty and the desk clerks were just inept and unable to arrange for proper service. Again I asked for a &quot;Superior&quot; double room and we transferred again. This time we were told we would be upgraded free of charge to a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room. Having stayed in Deluxe rooms in other NH hotels in Europe, I expected something very special. The room was even smaller than the last and as soon as i turned the tap on in the bathroom the floor flooded. It was late but it was still totally unacceptable - £158 for one night for nothing but a 2 star hotel room without breakfast - Very very dissappointed.	
Nov 21 2009 	Paid for 4 stars got about 2	Arrived at 18:00hrs Friday to find they had no record of booking from Travel Republic from a week before, even though we had received a confirmation of booking from Travel Republic. Call to central reservations for Hotel Chain showed no record of our booking and they said they could not help us - the booking reference provided did not match any on their systems. Call to Travel Republic normal line just said the Office was shut and no other options offered to contact them - but we logged an incident on the Web Site to ask them to ring us. We were very pleasantly surprised when we quickly received a call back and they said they would investigate. Shortly after, they said that the Agent, GTA Travel had gone back to the Hotel and re-confirmed our booking. We were then given a room! However, it was a smoking room (they had no others) which smelled badly of smoke and left all our clothes smelling afterwards. The bathroom had a leak from behind the toilet which they quickly sorted out for us after we reported it, but why had housekeeping not done that? We had booked a superior room which they told us came with a king-sized bed. In fact, it was two (very old and poor, uncomfortable matresses pushed together with a big ridge down the middle - not good! Apart from that, the room was large and ok except the large ugly access vent hatch over the bed that you were left staring at when lying in bed! We had booked a meal in the Crystal Room the week before (because it looked lovely) only to find on the evening that it was not being used (no explanation from the staff who did not speak English very well) and we had to use the other restaurant that we had already decided we did not like the look of!! The food was nice. We would recommend Travel Republic because they quickly sorted the problem out - but not convinced about the Hotel facilities/service for the money even though it was pleasant enough - they need to do a lot more to get things right for a 4-star rating and badly need to invest in new beds!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Faded Glory ... but still nice	It's in need of a lick of paint, but its still a nice hotel. I try to stay here whenever I'm down toward the touristy bits around whitehall . The lobby is a masterpiece of mouldings - a really nice space. The bar is like a gentlemans club , all wood and subdued lighting. Staff are pleasant and accommodating, always ready with a greeting. The rooms are small (but it IS London!) but clean and tidy. Its reasonable, not cheap, but not madly expensive and its got a bit of character... I usually only have breakfats there, but I can confirm that the Full English is exactly that and very nice too... One thing,. its popular with Italians , so watch out for the fashion parade at breakfast - they DO dress well!	
Nov 14 2009 	Could do better	We recently stayed at this hotel admittedly only for 2 nights so we only got a snap shot of the place but it was enough.Admittedly it's location is superb it's quiet and the rooms comfortable, we didn't get the room we booked but got a free upgrade to a smoking room on the top floor, we are non smokers and were concerned it may smell, I have to admit it was ok but the corridor did smell of smoke on a few occasions.The lifts are totally inadequate as you can only fit 4 adults with no baggage or 2 adults and 2 cases in! we ended up walking down the stairs most of the time from the 6th floor.The Hotel is classed as old fashioned and quaint but really it borders on a bit shabby, the carpets are worn. On our first morning we were met with a huge queue for breakfast as despite it being a Saturday there was a conference and that meant one of the breakfast rooms was out of use. The food was constantly running out and what there was, was tepid, even the next morning when there was no queue the food was tepid.Although I couldn't describe the place as awful, if I had a choice I would stay else where next time. By the way parking at the Hotel is £24 per 24hrs!!	
Nov 10 2009 	The perfect location for a weekend in London	This hotel is in a very quiet location, but close enough to be able to walk to the sights and the tube is just round the corner. The rooms and corridors could do with a refurbish but we found everywhere clean and tidy. The staff were all very polite and helpful. Breakfast was good with lots of choice. I would use the hotel again and would recommend it. It is the perfect base for a weekend in London.	
Nov 9 2009 	Faded grandeur but better than some comments suggest	Having stayed at St. Ermin's a few times over the past several years, I was slightly nervous about this return visit after reading all the negative reviews. So, when we stayed here over the weekend of November 6th I was pleasantly surprised with the accommodation. While I agree with some of the comments that areas of the hotel are worn and in need of updating, the prime location (one block from St. James's Station on the District and Circle Lines of the Underground and a 10-minute walk to Victoria Station), friendly service and the decent breakfast outweighed the creaky aspects of this older hotel. We booked via the hotel's website (NH Hotels) and on arrival we were upgraded to a kind-size bedroom (second floor). The rate we paid for the room (€126/night) included full English breakfast, which I thought was very good value for Central London. Unlike other reviewers, we found the bed comfortable. We would stay at St. Ermin's again.	
Nov 5 2009	Great location and value for money	Won this hotel on Priceline for £80 per night and was a bit apprehensive after reading previous reviews. Arrived just after 12.00pm and very friendly receptionist allowed us to check in. Had emailed them earlier in the week asking for a non smoking room as I was bringing my daughter to London for a weekend treat. We were upgraded to a superior room without asking on the 4th floor which I think must have been in the renovated part of the hotel as it was spotlessly clean and tidy. Didn't eat breakfast in the hotel but at the cafe next to Scotland Yard, over the road from the tube entrance. Was very reasonably priced and staff were very friendly.In the afternoon we walked to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square, Covant Garden and then back to the hotel along the Thames passed the Houses of Parliament.	
Nov 2 2009 	Jolly Awful	A very tired hotel with lengthy corridors and poor signage. Bed was really bad, room both small and badly designed. No tea/coffee making equipment or supplies (I can't remember the last time I came across a British hotel without them). Breakfast was warm not hot from a buffet and was not good. It is in a good location being adjacent to St James Park Tube but is best avoided.	
Nov 2 2009 	peeling at the edges!!	We stayed 30/10 to 1/11.The hotel is ideally positioned good pubs,good tube and local shops.This hotel is slowly decaying around its grand reception and entrance hall..All the carpets are tired, the rooms miserable tiny and dark and very noisy, fans going all night!We swopped rooms once but the BEDS were terrible in both rooms.They both had broken mattresses with boards between the divan and mattress to cover up the collapsing divans.This made the bed like a rock!!The staff were excellent and very helpfull but dont sleep there	
Nov 1 2009 	Jolly St Ermins was great for us!	We spent 9 days at Jolly St Ermins in July. We got a great price on priceline; then upgraded our rooms (we had 2). We found the staff to be very helpful in giving us comfortable, clean rooms in a quiet part of the hotel--adjoining each other. We were in the renovated section, no doubt. The location is really unbelievable--we walked to Buckingham Palace, Churchill War Rooms, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square. 1 min to St James Underground station, 10 to Victoria Station. Sainsbury Market 8 min away. For tourists, who were out and about every day, it was a great place to stay.	
Oct 29 2009 	pot luck in jaded movie set	Not realising that this was a necessity in this day and age, I didn't say I wanted a no smoking room. Surely this should be the default position?Heart sank as I landed on the sixth floor and the stench of stale cigarettes assaulted me in a sickening belch. The room was totally saturated in the stink of old fags - the plastic curtains, all the pillows, the bedding... no escape. Just writing this makes me feel sick. Even throwing the windows wide open (luckily the end of October was mild in London) did nothing to stir the sluggish air.It's amazing how the stink made it impossible to settle, the hard bed seemed lumpier, the fruit jelly toiletries obscenely chemical, the walls closing in. Everything was worn and tatty, wallpaper falling away and scuffed. It felt like the room and probably the whole floor had just lost heart.Although rather a large hotel, there was no room to move to. For our second night we we moved to precisely the same room format on the third (non smoking) floor. It was perfectly tolerable - compact, but fresh and clean. If only we'd been there to start with.Spectacular Edwardian architecture and wonderful period detail in the public spaces - what a place! And very handy for New Scotland Yard and civil service land. Be warned.	
Oct 19 2009 	Ask for a renovated room	The hotel seems to be undergoing a significant renovation. Sadly for us, the garbage bin for the renovation was right under our window. The room was fine -- large for Europe standards. The bathroom was fine as well. The beds were not -- the mattresses were so old, uncomfortable and noisy (sounded like cardboard crinkling) that we ended up sleeping on top of the blanket to give us extra padding. Loved the location -- 1 block from the St James's underground station. Plus whenever we got lost, it was easy to locate the Scotland Yard sign and then find the hotel. The hotel seems to be frequented by a lot of tour groups who are only there for a night or two which can create a lot of noise.	
Oct 19 2009 	Lousy bed great location!	The hotel is in a fantastic location. Other than that, we weren't overly impressed as it's supposed to be a &quot;4-Star&quot; hotel. It's a &quot;3-Star&quot; at best. Our room was spacious enough and the bathroom was surprisingly large, but the bed was terrible! Upon walking into the room, we immediately saw two sink holes through the comforter. It was even less comfortable to sleep on than it looked - and it didn't look good! We tried switching to another room, but the room they showed us was worse than the one we were staying in! We chose to stay where we were at.While we were they, we noticed a lot of renovations going on - with new mattresses being delivered! It's too bad we couldn't have gotten one of those mattresses. Once the renovation is complete, it probably won't be too bad of a hotel. And remember, the location is fantastic!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	West wing fine by me	I got a great price in this hotel through Priceline. Contrary to recent reports I was not disadvantaged, in fact the receptionist said she had upgraded me to a superior room. It was a quirky corner rooms. Minus points:mini bar appeared to be lockedTV reception a bit ropey and not huge selection of channelsno iron - just a trouser pressPlusEasy walk to Victoria/WestminsterRange of pubs and restaurants near bySpotlessly cleanWindows open	
Oct 1 2009 	Don't go!	I paid a very low price (for London standards) for my room, using Priceline, and I'm absolutely certain I was given the worst room in the hotel as a result of using Priceline. When I arrived, I was informed my room had two single beds. I was surprised, but since I travelled alone, I said it was ok. My first room (because there were two!) was dark and dingy, with collapsed beds. Only positive point: the bathroom was immaculate. Before I left, I indicated the receptionist that my room was horrible, had cracks in the walls, peeling paint and wallpaper, etc. i was told they were sold out and as a compensation they would offer breakfast the next day. This was a nice gesture, and I accepted it, especially since breakfast at the Jolly St. Ermin is expensive. When I came back late at night, I decided I would take a bath to relax. Surprise: no cold water, but plenty of hot water. I called the reception desk and someone came to see what was wrong. After telling them how bad my room was (seriously, I had never slept in such a bad room), and complaining that this was ridiculous and I was getting the Priceline treatment, the nice employee told me he would see what he could do (my alternative was to stay in the same, cold water-less room, or go and have a shower in a room under renovation, but go back to my room). He eventually came back with the key to another room, which had both cold and hot water. The room was not better (still dingy), but at least it had water! Although the staff were accommodating, I would not risk going to this hotel again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Location the worst bed ever!	Hotel is in a fantastic location so for the price (priceline $100) might do again. BUT could feel all the springs on the bed and it was folding in on itself on my side. This was the cheapest bed I've slept in since college days and the hostel in Prague (and they gave us sanitary sheets for bugs.) Would have switched if we were staying any longer then one night I have a feeling not all the rooms were that bad (beds and peeling wallpaper) and the staff were very nice.	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent location outstanding breakfasts	My wife and I were there Sept. 13 through Sept. 20, and it was a terrific bargain. The room was quite spacious, the cleaning crew were extra nice, the reception people (hi, Frederik) were very attentive and helpful, the concierge staff helped a lot ... and the breakfast -- Well, there were more than 150 items on that buffet, all WAY above average. What a bonanza.And, as all admit, the location is nonpareil -- you can walk to Billy Elliot (and you should) and Wicked, you're right by a tube station and an easy walk to St. James's Park, to Buckingham Palace and to Parliament, Westminster, Big Ben, etc.Yes, some of the rooms might be tired (ours was great), but they also are air conditioned. Whoa.	
Sep 24 2009 	Good position but generally shabby rooms	Stayed here for one night on business as round the corner from my appointment the following morning. Last time I was here was 10 years ago when it was a Hilton. From my latest experience nothing has changed. Check-in was normal for London i.e. receptionist could hardly speak English! Room was large as it contained a large kingsize bed and a single bed. Room had not been decorated for years, dreary, faded and depressing. The room was generally clean and the fresh/still damp blood stains on the bottom sheet and pillow were a nice touch! I kid you not. I slept in the other single bed I hasten to add.Lifts are slow, small and antiquated - best avoided if possible.Liked the general archetectural decor of the public rooms etc and the position is very good and quiet for visitors.Breakfast was a hoot, as things such as my newspaper and pot of tea kept disappearing while I was up at the breakfast buffet - Fawlty Towers? On the whole, bit fusty and old fashioned but comfortable.Oh yes, when I mentioned the blood stains on check-out to the receptionist, I was greeted with a foreign sounding grunt! I left.	
Sep 24 2009 	pretty much ok geat location	We got a low price on priceline, so I think this hotel was ok. The lobby is beautiful, the elevators are tiny, and there are renovations going on in the hallways which are stinky and loud during the day. The first room we were given on the 3rd floor was tiny and outdated with a small double bed, and with no room for the crib we had requested. We called down to reception and they brought us a key to room 111, which has been renovated, had a king bed, and plenty of space. We were not asked to pay more for it. So, I think they did meet our needs without too much hassle. They did have the crib in the new room when we arrived. We did not use this hotel's services, since we were only there one night, but the location is really good, only 2 minutes walk from the St. James station, and very close to Westminster and Buckingham Palace. Overall, an ok place to stay.	
Sep 22 2009 	not a 4 star hotel	before i make a bid on priceline, i always peruse the hotels in the star catergory to make sure that they seem acceptable. after selecting the areas in london i was willing to stay, i made an offer of $125/night on priceline for a four star hotel -and nh jolly st ermin accepted it. we were given, what i believe, was the &quot;priceline room&quot; -closest room to the lift and the interior of the room was straight out of motel 6...half of each of this hotel's floors are refurbished and the other half have dated carpet, peeling and dingy wallpaper and just scream cheap hotel.of course nh was happy to let us upgrade to a refurbished room for 30 pounds a night -and so we were given a new room -still in the half of the hallway that was has not been updated, but the room itself has been updated...though if you look carefully, you will see scuffs on the walls, nasty hairs on the carpets and the world's tiniest sliver of soap to use both at the sink and the shower. bed is a tiny double bed with no box spring and a thin and springy mattress...if this is what a london 4 star hotel looks like, i would love to see what the 3 star looks like...	
Sep 19 2009 	Great Deal with Priceline; very happy with this hotel with the family.	Stayed here 2 nights over the weekend of Sept 11-13. Won this hotel off priceline with a very low bid. I called the hotel 3 days before we arrived to let them know i had a 1 year old child and asked if they had any bedding for her. They said yes and the man on the phone even said he would put us in a non-smoking room without me having to ask for it. When we arrived (2 adults 2 children) we had no wait for check in (4pm). No problems with the check in and they had us in a room on the 2nd floor. The room was very large and had a king size bed and a small baby pack-n-play crib already set up with sheets in it. Perfect! The room overlooked the entrance to the hotel and was very quiet. We were VERY pleased with the room and all the space it offered for our 2 young children to play around in. The bed was comfortable and it had air conditioning. The hotel is old and there are some signs of that. The floors creaked in our room. The bathroom was very clean but had cracks on the sink and was worn. But these did not bother us at all. The place was very clean. The staff very friendly. They offered to keep our stroller down in the reception area if we wanted instead of dragging it all the way up to our room and back down again each time. The hotel is located in a very quiet location of town and never heard any noise. The location is so fantastic. There is a Tube station (St Jame's Place) 1 block away. There is also a Starbucks across from the Tube station. We had breakfast there each morning to save money. We did not use any of the services of the hotel because we were only there in the evening after dinner to sleep. We spent all our time during the day out visiting London. We would stay here again easily. We found it charming and very accommodating for our entire family.	
Sep 17 2009 	Good but needs better training	I had walked past this hotel many times so when I saw online deal snapped it up. Public areas look great but once you get past the friendly reception things do go down hill. No service in bar. Another party managed to find a barman but then tried to order the food. A loud conversation with the kitchen which included &quot;Do you know how to make a sandwich?&quot; alarmed us. We were assured food was available and chosse from the Tapas menu. Alas no tapas as no chef but the club sandwich and cod goujons were surprisingly excellent! Same with dinner, waiting staff awful but food fantastic. Rooms was the biggest I have stayed in outside of the USA but did need a refresh. Overall good but not quite 4 star. Excellet location though so would recommend at under £110 per night. Also surprising toddler friendly, highchairs, cots and no stffy atmosphere.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantasticclean friendly hotel	The hotel is in a fabulous location literally 1min walk to the nearest underground. Really quiet for being in the middle of London. We got a free upgrade on our room which was really clean and had everything you could wish for. The staff were very helpful and friendly and made the stay even more enjoyable. Breakfast was a reasonable price and the buffet style setting was great. Will definately stay here again.	
Sep 11 2009 	OK but not worth the money	Yes this hotel is in a great location, but it drastically needs an overhaul. I've stayed at the NH hotel in Rome and this one is like night and day. Yes it is an old hotel, however, the check in is slow - I was offered a smoking room when I wanted a non smoking room, the keys to the rooms are difficult to operate - try swiping 5 times before the key works. The beds are hard, the crockery was dirty and the lifts tiny. Not good for £149 per night - I would say my Company got ripped off!	
Sep 7 2009 	Wonderful Hotel: Excellent Service!	We stayed at The NH Jolly St. Ermins for a week in August 2009 and enjoyed every minute. The location of this hotel is fantastic...5 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace...truly the centre of everything that is happening in London! A short walk through St. James Park brings you to the financial and shopping centres. With this hotel's close proximity to Victoria St. (just around the corner and down one block) all the dining experiences and shopping needs can be found. A special mention for Cardinal Walk's outdoor shopping centre on Victoria St--excellent restaurants and shopping at all of the latest clothing stores ie. Top Shop, Monsoon, Zara's etc.I do not understand some of the previous negative reviews...our room was spacious--we had a King Size Bed...something previously unheard of in London...our bathroom was large and had an excellent shower and tub. The Air Conditioning worked most of the time, and could be reset easily when it 'overloaded' and shut down. The room would cool down very quickly. We were very impressed with the mod cons available at this hotel given that it was constructed hundreds of years ago. We are still laughing at the size of the elevators...one fits 4 people and the other 6 people--and quite intimately. Another charm of an historic site!The Breakfast Buffet was extensive! I cannot imagine that they have forgotten anything. From the full Hot English breakfast items with 2 kinds of eggs, scrambled or boiled. All the kinds of breads and pastries you could imagine. The fresh fruit salad was my favorite and the many selections of juices was a nice suprise. Sliced Meats and cheeses and salad were also available. You dine in a lovely old Ballroom with a huge chandelier and many other chandeliers all around the fresco ceiling...what a lovely way to start off your day. Our party so enjoyed the First floor (really on the 2nd floor) balcony patio, which overlooked the front courtyard of the hotel. We enjoyed drinks at the end of our evening nightly and it was a great way to unwind at the end of an exciting day. We found the concierge helpful--and our hotel was central to the pickup point for an out of London tour we enjoyed to Bath, Lacock and Stonehenge Inner Circle. It was a really memorable day!Thank you to the staff at our hotel you really helped make our stay so enjoyable!	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed for 4 nights the last week of August. Reserved a room through Priceline.com for $100/night which was fantastic. Priceline only gives you the option of reserving a room for 2 people and there were 3 in our party (husband/wife and 8-year old daughter). I contacted hotel to put in a request for a bigger room but they were sold out but did upgrade us to a king-size bedroom suite which was just fine for us. The hotel was very clean and the staff very helpful. It was very easy to walk to many historic sites including Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station. The street is very quiet and we slept very well. We did eat one meal there and the food was good. I would highly recommend this hotel and even better if you can get it through Priceline.com.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great location - great hotel	We stayed at the Jolly St-Ermins for 8 days in august 2009. This Hotel is greatly located on a quite street near St-Jame underground, across from New Scotland Yard , within 8 minutes walk from Big Ben a many other major point of interests. We had a Standard room, which was fine, for Europeen Standards.	
Aug 19 2009 	way better than expected	we booked this hotel on a priceline deal, and some of the reviews hadnt been great BUTthe hotel was great, lovely staff, amazing entrance. What a great location, close to st james park tube and an easy walk to many sights.Our room was very good, huge so comfortable bed, good size with an iron and board and good bathroom-at last a decent shower.Certainly would go back and happy to recommend	
Aug 12 2009 	Disappointing	When I first booked the hotel I had read of its 4 star status. Its maybe a 3.5 at best. The hotel is not very well maintained, and there's a wing that doesn't seem to have been upgraded at all. There's a musty smell through the hallways and forget about trying to fit anything into their crawl space of an elevator, it is TINY even by european standards. The service there isn't so great either, when we arrived, they managed to botch up our reservation, even though it was booked well in advance, they were however able to adjust it but only after alot of negotiation. Its an ok place, the rates are decent, but if you want something nicer with a friendlier staff who aren't going to ignore you if you're sat in their bar/lounge area waiting for food service, then I'd try some place else.	
Aug 7 2009 	Nicely maintained hotel with excellent concierge service	There were 3 in our party, including a 12 year old. We booked thru Priceline, which will only confirm for 2 guests. I called the hotel to let them know we were actually 3, and they put me on &quot;request&quot; for a room that could accomodate 3. At check in it was no problem, they gave us a suite room with a pull out twin sofa bed. It was a bit cramped with the bed pulled out, but I was happy they could accomodate us and without any hassle whatsoever. The room was very clean. The shower did not have much water pressure, as we had read in other reviews, but it was adequate. All of the staff we encountered were extremely helpful, and the concierge helped us with online airline check in and with other transportation tips and dining recommendations. The location of this hotel was fantastic, very close to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and Cathedral and Victoria Street. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and would stay here again.	
Aug 2 2009 	I work hard for my money. Won't waste it there again.	Very surprised by the reivews from other travelers who were at this hotel around the same time my family and I stayed there in early July. Our experiences were not the same! When we arrived shortly before noon,after the overnight flight from the US our rooms were not ready, which is understandable. However, we were not offered free upgrades as I see others were, simply the possiblity of paying significantly for upgraded rooms which were conveniently available. We declined to pay more for the rooms and took off to see the sights until check in time. And after spending three hours on the street with exhausted teenagers, our rooms were still not ready when we returned at the appointed time. We then sat on couches in the lobby to wait. The desk man made some calls and ungraciously dropped the room cards on the table in front of my husband with a thud---which was quite a feat considering that they were made lightweight paper.Having spent my business life in corporate public relations, my instinct was to seek out a manager. However, my instincts as a wife and mother prevailed and we hustled off to seek some rest in rooms which turned out to be tiny and somewhat dank. Our stay in London was lots of fun and we will go again---but will not stay in this hotel.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice little place	Stayed here for a week with my 17 year old step-brother. Ran into a few problems at first, but were easily taken care of.Received an early-check in when we arrived, and in doing so even got a double room upgrade. Had booked a standard, but received a deluxe for free. First problem was with the door cards, they didn't work, so they were replaced, but even then we had to fight with our hotel door each night when we went in to get it to open.Then there was a problem with the TV, but it was a bad cable, which was quickly replaced for us. Finally, on another night woke up to sounds of dripping water. The Air Conditioner was leaking, and pouring right onto the hall floor of the room. Again, quickly fixed by repair men, and then it was smooth sailing.Breakfast was included with our stay, which was nice. It was the same each morning, but enough for us to fill up on.Staff were friendly. One of the concierge guys reminded us of Mr. Bean.The location was great, could walk everywhere we wanted to go, and didn't have too much trouble finding it again at night. Very quiet neighbourhood at night in deed.	
Jul 20 2009 	Not bad but not great	Fantastic location, close to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and Big Ben.In a bit of a business district so it gets pretty quiet in the immediate vicinity of the hotel in the evenings.Very close to the St James underground station so it's very easy to get around from there.The room felt a little outdated. Perhaps a poor attempt at looking 'vintage'? The bed was not very comfortable. It looked king-sized, but it was just two twin mattresses pushed together on a king sized frame.The water pressure in the shower was weak on a good day.No free wifi, and according to the front desk not even any paid internet for guests (all though there were some meeting rooms where you could log on and pay with a credit card if you wanted)I felt this hotel definitely came up short since they really try and act like a 4-5 star hotel. There were some serious holes in the overall experience and I didn't feel I got what I paid for.	
Jul 20 2009 	Comfortable hotel in great location	Just returned from a 1-week stay. Picked this hotel for its value and central location and have no regrets. This was our first time to UK. Hotel was easily accessible from Heathrow airport by tube with one line transfer. Took about 1-hr. St. James station is located right next to hotel. We got a 7-day transit pass that we used extensively given the convenience of the proximity of the station. Location is within 5-minute walk of Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abby and Parliament. Close to stores, shops and restaurants in Victoria Station area. About 15 minute walk to Trafalgar Sqaure. Picadilly Sq. and Oxford Sq. also easily accessible by transit, including buses. The hotel itself was nice and simple. Our room was basic, clean and had new furnishings. TV was older with less than 10 stations. Mini-bar was stocked but beware not to store your own items as you will get a letter telling you that it is not for personal use but for purchasing the items within. Only complaint was that the beds were hard but tolerable. Cleaning ladies also sometimes started knocking on doors to clean room as early as 8am. Be sure to use Do Not Disturb signs, but you will still hear them knocking on other doors. We liked that breakfast buffet was included as eating in London is expensive. However, breakfast was OK and same everyday - easy to get bored of after 3 days. I would definitely recommend this hotel for value, and especially for tourists seeking basic accomodations that will spend most of their day outside of the hotel.	
Jul 17 2009 	Good stay ok breakfast free upgrade	I really enjoyed my stay here. The hotel is in a good location, hidden around a quiet corner. I loved the old ornate foyer and bars. Staff were pleasant and I got a free upgrade on arrival. Some the of decor was tired in the corridors and stairwells but it wasn't a problem. The room was lovely, large bed, small but perfectly formed bathroom. I've had better breakfast's in other London hotels's but really, I couldn't complain. Coffee was good, strong and plentiful and the English breakfast did the job. You're a bit close to other tables in the breakfast room, but hey, you're only there to eat.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice Property with Air Conditioning and is well located to get around town.	There is a type of Hotel in London that is located near an Underground Station, on a quite street. These hotels are renovated properties that are identified by small rooms, little beds, and are significantly less expensive then the major brands or upscale hotels. They differentiate themselves by little amenities: some have coffee service in the room, Air Conditioning (rare), fans (occasionally), a few more TV channels, newer decor, WIFI, and/or minibar.For business travelers or tourist that are not planning to spend too much time in the room, these are ideal options. The cost savings can easily cover your food bill for a day.What I like about St. Ermin's is that it has air conditioning that works exceptionally well, the room was a little worn, and the TV stations limited. But I don't care for TV and the Air Conditioning out weighed all other considerations in the summer. The WiFi was expensive at 17 Pounds a day, but a couple less pounds then most of the hotels. The quality of the connection was very good. I could carry on Skype calls that in the end off set the cost in long distance phone expenses.There is also a very nice area for coffee and having business meetings that has made this hotel one of my favorites. For tourist this location is ideal for sight seeing. Being near Parliament. The staff was very helpful with fixing small problems I had with my room. It is my Summer choice for staying in London.	
Jul 15 2009 	What do you want from a room ??????????	My husband and I have just spent one night in this hotel. The purpose of the visit was because we were lucky enough to get an invite to a garden party at Buckingham Palace. It is ideally situated. When we go away and stay in a hotel, all we need is somewhere to shower and somewhere to sleep. By the time bedtime comes I am not going to look at all the points in a room that I can complain about. If you want 5 star plus then go elsewhere and pay the price. If you want a comfortable bed, clean linen, and actually we had no problem with the water (like someone else who reviewed the hotel) a very good breakfast, perhaps someone else who reviewed this hotel was not told that the breakfast is self service.....that means, get your own tea and coffee!!!! You could sit and eat for a long time with the choices available. I am a smoker and the odd times that I stood out there I was alone, but naturally a non smoker would consider just one person smoking a nuisance!Someone also remarked staff not being helpful. Have you never thought that because the majority of the staff are not English that perhaps they never understood your rude way of talking to them. Be Patient, be kind, they are doing a job and you are staying in their place of work.I think this hotel is somewhere I would definitely come back to if I wanted this part of London. If you are coming from another country and need somewhere close to Victoria station and Buckingham Palace then The Jolly is a place to stay. Will add that Room 540 was lovely. Perhaps that is why I can recommend the hotel.	
Jul 12 2009 	Awful experience	Had a two night stay on business. Location is very good and reception areas very impressive. First room on lower floor was very dark, dismal and small with poor lighting and no tea and coffee facilities. Room service was OK though. Next morning the problems with the water supply surfaced - could not get any cold water out of the shower and could easily have scalded myself. Ended up washing hair over the sink. Someone else in different room on same floor had same problem. Reported it to reception so they had time for housekeeping to sort out before the evening - I had a dinner engagment and needed to get ready to go out fairly quickly.Breakfast was very crowded and difficult to get the attention of the person serving tea and coffee.Anyway on return in the evening the situation with the water had not been rectified - although reception said there was nothing wrong with it, the cold water tap turned but nothing came out. I was told there were no other rooms available. I refused to return to the old room as I considered it unsafe and unusable without adequate water supply. I asked to see someone senior and after a wait miraculously another room on a higher floor (and refurbished) materialised. This was a big improvement all round and the water worked!Next morning however the problems with the water pressure appeared once more and the only water supply from the shower is best described as a dribble, although it was not scalding at least. The final insult was that it seems there was an added visitor overnight in the shape of at least one mosquito who had certainly had eaten well.I would never stay there again. There seem to be persistent and longstanding problems with the water supply which would ruin any stay.	
Jul 9 2009 	Poor Plumbing and General Upkeep	I paid $165 including all taxes on Priceline for one night in a double bed room with my wife. The room was small but there was enough space to open up our suitcases and generally get around without bumping into each other too much. The air conditioner worked well which we definitely needed after spending a hot summer day out and about.The one thing that was poor in the room was the toilet. It just didn't seem to want to flush properly. It took about ten tries before I was able to fully empty the water tank and flush. After that I used the toilet in the lobby on the ground floor. The toilet flushed fine there but it was generally a mess with paper waste overflowing from the trash receptacle.Another annoyance was the fact that the concierge didn't seem to know too much about the surronding area. We asked for some restaurant recommendations and all he could tell us was that there were lots of restaurants in the area. He also didn't know what times some of the major attractions in the area opened and closed or the admissions fees. Overall, the location is great, just a short walk to Westminster Abbey and Parliment Square and a couple minutes from the St. James Park tube stop but other than that, there' s really nothing special at this hotel.	
Jul 7 2009	if unhappy ask for another room...	WOnderful location off of the St James Park tube. About 5 minute walk from Buckingham Palace. Great Location with quiet Atmosphere. In the middle of everything. The only drawback is some of the rooms need to be updated. Avoid room 252. The floors move when you walk across them. The walls by the window look as if mildew or mold is going on the wall but he service guy who had to fix the Television stated that the wall had just been repainted. I don't know how that is possible when the wall is wallpapered. We were able to get a new room the next day and it was better with that old english charm.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great location quiet comfort issues for the solo traveler	On a mini-cul-de-sac off a quiet street in Westminster near St. James Pk, so it is superbly located, underground, Victoria, not far off. Handsome old building, w/pleasant staff, relaxed service, excellent housekeeping. The cost of wireless access was excessive at about $25/day, and the cable tv options limited. My room was small w/large excellent bathroom. Unfortunately the hotel had designated an outdoor smoking area immediately below my window so I couldn't have it open. My issue with the hotel is that of a solo traveler--the twin bed! I'm tall and it was tiny, (I fell off it the first night &amp; ended up wedging an armchair against it on subsequent nights) and the mattress was hard, with sharp edges. Getting a good night's sleep is so important, and I didn't. Staff didn't pay any attention to my comments on the bed. If your budget runs to it, you may be able to get a double room w/larger bed. If you aren't tall, this issue may not trouble you.	
Jun 25 2009 	Excellent location - hotel is fine.	Ok - this hotel is not the greatest in the world but it really does not deserve its poor rating on tripadvisor. Its location is fantastic and the hotel is fine. Breakfast is acceptable and the regal decor and fantastic bar complete with open fire's are quite cosy.I would definitely go back.	
Jun 16 2009 	I wanted this to be a positive review...really I did.	I stayed at this hotel for part of my honeymoon in May 2004 and had a wonderful visit. If I had written a review in 2004, it would have been glowingly positive. Hence, my decision to revisit the hotel on my 5 year wedding anniversary. We booked a deluxe room online a few months ago. My husband called ahead a few weeks before our visit to confirm our reservation and verify that we would receive a deluxe, non-smoking room. No problem. We arrived very early in the morning of Sunday, May 24. No rooms were available, but the concierge held our luggage and we were able to walk around St. James Park, see Ben and Westminster Abbey. When we returned, we relaxed in the lobby for a bit. We were given the next available room. After getting settled in, we discovered that not only was the room a smoking room, but the entire 6th floor is a smoking floor. The next morning, we mentioned it to the front desk staff and were promptly offered an upgrade. It almost seemed too easy...We packed our things and moved to our new room. Upon opening the door to our new room, we noticed the sweltering heat. We figured the room must have been vacant for some time. We turned on the air conditioner and left for more sight seeing. When we returned hours later, the heat was still awful and we discovered a minor plumbing issue in the bathroom. When we called the front desk, we were told they were experiencing some issues with the air conditioner in that wing of the hotel. They did not have any maintanence workers on staff that night to address the plumbing issue. We were quickly offered another new room down the hall. We were told that the heat situation would be the same, but there would not be a plumbing issue. We packed our things, once again, and moved across the hall. As the evening progressed, it got hotter and hotter in the room. We called down to the front desk and were offered a &quot;portable ventilator.&quot; When we opened the door, we discoved our ventilator was an 8 inch oscillating fan. Up until this point, every member of the staff had been incredibly polite and tried to help make us comfortable as much as they could. However, at 2 am, I awoke to find myself and husband covered in sweat in the stiffling heat. I wasn't sure if my husband was asleep or in a heat induced coma. I got dressed and went downstairs to talk to the receptionist. I placed my room key on the counter and asked the receptionist if she had any idea why I came to see her at 2 am (as I was covered in sweat and obviously exhausted). She asked her colleague to come over and assist. Her colleague explained that they were aware of the air conditioning situation and had a call out to an engineer, but since it was a bank holiday, no one would be coming until the next morning. She explained that I needed to &quot;understand&quot; it was a bank holiday and that nothing could be done. She then reminded me that I had been given a fan. (The 2 inch fan in my office cubicle is more powerful.) All the while, she had a smile on her face and did not look at her computer. At this point, I had enough, and explained that if something else wasn't done to help me, I would go home, go online and write the most negative review in the history of hotel reviews. As she stared back at me, I asked if she found this situation amusing. She quickly changed her demeanor and became much more helpful. She escorted me to a room on the first floor to see if I liked it. It was a handicapped room without a bathtub, but it was much coolor and more comfortable. Thankfully, she allowed us to sleep in the room for the next few hours and move our belongings in the morning. She encouraged me to stay on the first floor, just in case it took longer than expected to fix the air conditioning. To compensate for our multiple moves (4 to be exact) we were given 24 hours of free internet service. We ended up with a little extra. It seemed that after all of our room changes, the internet access code stopped working, so they gave us a new one with another 24 hours. We stayed for 5 nights and during that time, the air conditioning was never fixed. One night, we had dinner in the hotel restaurant. A few days later, I asked about having our meal charge removed due to the discomfort and inconvenience during our stay. With each passing day, the outside temperature got higher and higher which made the first floor room eventually get warmer to the point that we had to keep all of the windows and drapes open. There was an office building across the street and we could see people in their seats working. At one point, I was tempted to knock on the glass and cry for help...The hotel staff never received an answer from the hotel manager about our dinner charge, but when it came time to check out, I was not charged for the meal. (Good move on their part) I was given a heart felt apology for the inconvenience. The concierge booked us a car for our trip to Gatwick airport and we received a good price. I'm sure it ended up being less expensive than a metered taxi would have been. As much as I hate to say this, I will not return to the Jolly St. Ermin. It is a beautiful hotel in a great location with many pleasant staff members, but this stay was not enjoyable. Also, I don't recall the hotel offering breakfast in 2004, but maybe it just wasn't included in our booking or we didn't realize it was available. I think the regular price is 16 pounds per person. For free, it's okay, but I definitely do not recommend paying for the breakfast.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great location coffin style lifts and amazing air-con!	Some friends and I stayed at the Jolly for a long weekend, after reading some reviews on trip advisor I was a bit worried about what we would think.However we were nicely suprised, the general look of the building is quite old -fashioned inside but it is really well kept, the entrance halls and dining rooms have gallery balconys and other period features.Our rooms were really clean and the air con was great, bathrooms were basic but very clean- shower wasnt exactly a power shower, but we had no complaints.The location of this hotel is great, its literally opposite Scotland yard and very close to Buckingham palace and Victoria. There are many surrounding restaurants and shops a short walk away.The lifts were hilarious, very small we had trouble fitting four of us one of them comfortably, so with cases you have to do separate trips!I have no complaints about the hotel at all, the best features of this hotel are its period character, location and air conditioning.However I think we were placed in a refurbished part of the hotel, as a friend of mine stayed in a different part of the hotel and didnt rave about it as much as we did.	
Jun 15 2009 	Faded Glory in Equatorial Heat	I got this Hotel after a priceline search for a one-nighter in London on business. On arrival I was offered a free upgrade to a 'delux room'. I can't fault the staff, they are extremely friendly. I also can't fault the location with St James' underground just round the corner and a short walk into Victoria.Unfortunately this hotel is in dire need of a refurb. The public areas were faded and tatty in places. My delux room was on the 6th floor with access gained via a coffin shaped elevator lined with faded old mirrors. My delux room was fairly large but furnished circa 1972. The biggest issue for me was that the Hotel was boiling hot and the air-con in my room simply didn't work so I had to resort to forcing windows open. The delux room has the basics; tea/coffee facilities, minibar and a hairdryer. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom clean, if dated. Hotel seemed to be filled with Japanese and Italian tourists.I certainly wouldn't call the Hotel a 4-star, more of a 3. I wouldn't stay here again as I've stayed in much better Hotels in London for the same price.	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent service - made us feel that we were in the right place.	Hotel staff made us feel welcome and dealt with our every need. Being disabled and using a disabled scooter was not a problem. Our every need was met. From the very good breakfast to the room service at 23.00hours. The room was very good and we want to go back. Ideal for Buckingham Palace or Westminster and the Eye.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent Location	The hotel is right next to the tube &amp; is within walking distance to the major attractions like London Eye &amp; West Minster Abbey. The check-in staff was very friendly &amp; we were given a free upgrade to a deluxe room.Room was comfy &amp; fittings are new &amp; clean. The lobby is looks grand. The elevator is small but charming.	
May 26 2009 	A Pleasant Surprise	We stayed at the Jolly St Ermin's on May 9th for one night and I wished we were staying longer. I had asked for a pretty room when we checked in and a charming desk clerk gave us an upgrade. The room was small like most London hotel rooms, but it was clean and seemed recently refurbished. The bathroom was modern and well eqipped. Breakfast buffet in the morning was extensive and served in a lovely dining room. It's convenient to Big Ben, St. James Park, and Victoria Station. I'm not sure why I'm writing this very favorable review because I would hate for this hotel to be fully booked the next time we're in London.	
May 21 2009 	First time stay	Was a little worried when I read some of the reviews but I found this a comfortable and welcoming hotel for my one night stay. As a regular hotel dweller I have to say I have stayed in many hotels with smaller shabbier rooms.My one complaint would be the lack of tea and coffee making facilities in your room.	
May 20 2009 	Classic London Hotel - very good location - very good buffet breakfast	Hotel in across the street fron New Scotland Yard - it's within walking distance from everythink Green Park - Parlament House etc - Buffet English Breakfast is very good - hotel belongs to an Italian chain &quot;Jolly&quot; than recently has been purchased by the Spanish NH - Staff is very friendly and professional I was lucky and I got a bathroom with a huge window that could be wide openend and have some fresh air flow from outside - extra tip... toiletries are very good - (hotel has air conditioned )	
May 12 2009 	Over-priced awful tired shabby peeling wallpaper small cramped	Unbelievabley poor stay.Overpriced, shabby decoration, tatty.It's like stepping back into 1950.The bar was not open in a lunchtime, you had to use room service facilities (not daft are they).Afeter the stay I quizzed them on the 4 star rating.They lied, it does not have a rating.DO NOT STAY HERE, YOU WILL REGRET IT	
May 11 2009 	Grand hotel not too fancy but was handy for sight seeing	Had a complaint on the first night of our stay, our room was tiny and cramped and too hot and we couldn't open the window to let in any air. After complaining we were moved to a bigger room so we were happy with our stay after that. Hotel didn't weem to have too many facilities or things to do in the evening but we didn't mind as we were visiting the west end etc. We got a special rate when we booked hotel so we weren't too put out by the downsides of the hotel but i have seen since then that it is quite expensive and i wouldn't recommend paying over the odds for it. There was one massive benefit to staying in this hotel and that was its location, it was in a perfect spot, really central and also quiet and peaceful.	
May 11 2009 	over-warm welcome but friendly staff and unbeatable location	This hotel caters to Italian Tourists, so is overheated for visitors from colder climes. The single room I had was well equipped and the location can't be beaten. St. James underground and bus stops within a few yards of the hotel. The staff was wonderful. very helpful and courteous. The restaurant is overpriced and although the staff was courteous, it was a little uncomfortable for a single woman dining alone. I booked through Virgin Vacations, so didn't pay full price for the room, otherwise it would have been too steep for my budget.	
May 11 2009 	If Blanche DuBois were a hotel this would be her!	Probably the worst room i have stayed in in london since my youth hostel days! you enter through an amazing lobby and walk up a beautiful check in desk. Well the fun stops there the front desk staff were amazingly rude and spoke very little English. I stepped into the thread-bare capeted hallway , to find a room transported directly from a 1960s double wide trailer to a really pretty Edwardian building, from the 1960's colonial style furniture in bleached maple to the sheet with a hole in it linen. this was a Trailer Trash extravaganza! adding to that retro feel were the 3 English language channels available and the lack of internet available in the room. the room was horrid and really really not 10rth it, whom the heck gave that place a 4 star rating?	
May 6 2009 	Incredible Priceline Value at US$ 60 per night	Stayed for 3 nights over the Bank holiday weekend. The Caxton Street (Westminster) location is perfectly central - steps away from the St. James's Park tube and 10 to 15 minutes walkable distance from Victoria Station along smooth streets. The location must be one of the safest and quietest in all of London! Very friendly and helpful staff. Our room was clean and fully stocked. This hotel is older and has tons of charm and character that made me very forgiving of the occasional carpet wear spot, paint chip, tiny elevator or room layout. The bed was much too firm for my taste. We had arrival drinks in the charming bar but expensive food and bar prices resulted in our eating and drinking in the many nearby pubs and restaurants. I used the luggage scale at the conciege desk. It cost one Pound but saved much more than that in airport overweight charges and airport repacking embarassment. All in all a great London experience.	
May 1 2009	It's in the city centre.	It's located in the city centre near to Buckingham Palace. I stayed there cause I went with a group of friends to run the London Marthon. It's one of these old hotels which needs to be refurnished urgently. But other than that the staff was very friendly and the service at the bars &amp; restaurent was great.	
Apr 26 2009 	clean basic and shabby	I stayed here because I was attending a conference in the hotel. Beautiful public areas on ground floor remind of days gone by but rooms are in urgent need of updating. Tiny, worn out and old looking. Nice staff	
Apr 25 2009 	GREAT Location at the Jolly St Ermin	We booked this hotel for a few nights in London on Priceline getting a good rate of $120usd a night. Given the mixed reviews here, I was not sure what I would find. The hotel was easy enough to find. We took the Tube from Heathrow to the St. James station (with only one change) and there were signs directing us to the hotel. Outside, was a very standard looking building. Inside, the lobby was gorgeous. Large sweeping staircase, fire place etc. Check in staff was friendly, and even let us check in several hours earlier than their posted 2pm check in time. We were given room 107, on the first floor (their entrance level is the ground floor, next level up is the 1st floor). We had a view of the parking lot and the street, which was very quiet. VERY safe location as the Scotland Yard building is around the corner and planty of police presence patrolling the area. The standard room was nice, small by U.S. standards, but by European standards, roomy. It was clean and came with a VERY UNCOMFORTABLE king size bed, desk with a chair, club chair, closet with iron/board, dresser, and mini bar. We may have gotten a more recently updated room than other reviewers as it was a bit modern and updated and had several black and white photographs of London sights framed on the walls. Bathroom was nice with large counter top, marble tile floors, and big bath tub with an adjustable shower head. Hair dryer was also provided, but it took me a while to find it in the bureau as it was not in the bathroom. Hot water was plentiful and water pressure was good. All rooms in this hotel are completely nonsmoking. As some previous reviewers have noted, lighting was not good. Poorly placed bedlamps and reading lamps are too far away from the bed to read at night.  There is no free internet service at the hotel. You can purchase it from them for $12GBP for 8 hours, or $6GBP for 4 hours. We discovered that the time expires on each calendar day, and does not roll over. We purchased a four hour, only used around 2 hours, next day it was expired. No comment on the restaurants as we did not eat at the hotel. There were many good cafes and pubs within walking distance. This hotel is PERFECT for sightseers. We were less than five minute walk from Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, London Eye, Parliment, Big Ben, Thames River, St. James Park, etc. Over all, a good stay, and would defintely stay there again.	
Apr 24 2009 	Blood stains on the duvet!	In all my years of staying in hundreds of hotels, I have never had such a ghastly experience. My boyfriend and I stayed here on Wednesday 22nd April and on clambering into bed after a long hard day were confronted with big dried blood stains on the duvet!!! How Housekeeping didn't notice I have no idea, so it suggests that cleanliness and hygiene is actively lax in the hotel as I can't say the rest of the room or communal areas were in the best shape. We received a prompt response from the staff on duty (the general attitude of the staff here seem to be its only saving grace) and were moved to another room, thankfully bodily fluid free, but the damage had been done. I urge people thinking about staying here to find somewhere else. Sure it's in a good location but I kind of like clean bedding. Add to that the fact the rooms are generally of a tired and poor standard, breakfast a complete rip-off (£30 for a continental b'fast, bottle of water and can of coke) and queue to check out was at least a 30 min wait on Thursday morning. If us consumers don't vote with our feet then hotels like this will never raise their game. Disgraceful.	
Apr 5 2009 	Nice location	We stayed there for one night over NYE. I booked a twin and a single room. The single room was very small. The hotel is situated in a good location and just round the corner from the underground. The furnishings were starting to show their age and were worn and torn in places. The lifts are really only wide enough for one person and that can prove difficult to exit if you are at the back of the lift trying to get out.I paid extra when I booked in for an upgrade. The upgrade was not what worth the extra money and after complaining I was given a refund. The breakfast was very nice and the staff on reception and in the breakfast room were pleasant.	
Mar 26 2009 	Beautiful decour	Read the reviews for this hotel on many sites and have to admit I was extremely concerned, but upon arrival found this hotel to be old and extremely beautiful. Yes some of the rooms could use a lick of paint but the room we stayed in was big, clean, bright and the bed was HUGE!!!!!! Close to everything you needed and only a 15 minute walk to piccadilly circus. Breakfast was lovely both cooked and cold options were great. Would definately revisit this hotel.	
Mar 25 2009 	Oh dear.....	Stayed here for business and booked in by a colleague. Still speaking to them, but only just!You know you've got problems when the taxi driver pulls a face as you say where you're staying. Mine had spent the night in this hotel during the recent snow and was less than impressed. So was I.On the positive side, the location is fantastic, the public areas are a prime example of faded grandeur and the staff did their best. Breakfast seemed ok to me, though some of my colleagues disagreed. I think the cereals, fruit, pastries etc were better than the cooked food which I didn't fancy and didn't try.But - the wallpaper was stained and peeling off the walls in my room and the carpet was dirty and threadbare, so much so that they'd tried to cover up some of the holes with electrical tape. I was very glad I'd taken slippers. Luckily the bed and bathroom were clean. The lighting was incredibly dim and badly placed so it was difficult to read - perhaps they hoped the state of the room would be less obvious. I now know why they push you to upgrade when you check in. I've stayed in worse places but I think the disappointment was greater here because it could have been so much better given the location and the grandeur of the building.	
Mar 24 2009 	Nice from the outside - but only OK inside	Stayed at this hotels for four days last week. The room we got in the 6th floor was clean, but &quot;worn out&quot;. I've never seen this kind of quilt cover on the bed. They just wrap two sheets around the quilt - and that's it. When we asked when they last changed the quilt, we where told a week ago...hm, didn't like that....Anyway, we got a clean quilt, but you should ask for it. Maybe they will end this practice? The view from the room was nothing to write home about. But it was quiet. You don't wanna open the window at night anyway. Outside the windows there were piles of dirt from the pigeons.Breakfast was OK - better than the average english ones....The hotel is owned by italians, and there were a lot of italian guests....noisy, gesticulating and - a bit impolite....	
Mar 19 2009 	Absolutely Beautiful 	This is a really nice hotel, the room was spacious, lots of facilities, no problems with hot water etc. The checkin was very quick, we were given two room keys automatically. The staff were very polite. We were a little worried haviing read some of the reviews, but as more people are likely to complain if something is wrong, we were not too concerned. The breakfast is really good, a nice wide selection and there is something for everyone. The room was nice and warm. We had a standard twin and we had a view over the main entrance, but in London, what else could you get. The hotel is just off a main road, close to a bus stop and tube station. For going to Leicester square, just hop on a bus (allow for traffic!), for going into Central London, hop on the tube - even Victoria station (underground, overground, bus or coach) is only about five minutes walk. All in all, we were really happy with the hotel and will definitely be returning.	
Mar 16 2009 	great hotel 4 stars	excellent hotel, service, breackfast ( ...is amazing).the only 2 negativites were:1) the room was very very cold, there wasn't the heat 2) the mattress was very very trouble, old and ruinThe location was good, isn't close at Victoria station (around 3 km.) but at Westminster Abbey ( 300 mt.). I'm satisfy.	
Mar 9 2009 	Good location for victoria railway station and buckingham palace	We were booked this hotel as part of a package which included a theater trip. The hotel is located about 10 min walk from Victoria railway station and has good restaurants and excellent pub (The Albert) nearby. Upon arrival reception was manned by 2 people - 1 helping a customer, the other on the phone. We were quickly checked in - when the phone call ended... The hotel - and the rooms - are a bit tatty - the hotel is relatively clean but could do with a fresh coat of paint and new carpets. Breakfast was good - self-service buffet of hot food. Was lucky, as food had just been brought out from the kitchen! Was told this was a 4 star hotel - personally reckon a good 3 * !	
Mar 7 2009 	Nice location!	I stayed at the Jolly St.Ermin in July of 07. It is in a GREAT location! We took the train from Paris. The station is minutes from the hotel. I booked here because of the central location. The hotel is close to basically everything. It is a VERY short walk to the river, St.James Park, Westminster Abby, Hyde Park, Big Ben, and Buckingham Palace. The double-decker buses also stop quite close the the hotel. We basically walked everywhere during our stay, but did take the bus or use taxi's sometimes. If you walk out of the hotel and turn right at Scotland Yard, you end up in a little neighborhood like area that has a few really great coffee places and breakfast places. If you turn left at Scotland Yard, you end up going towards the river, St.James park etc. and also pass some great pubs for beer and fish &amp; chips. The rooms are average here, nothing too exciting. The hotel is clean and comfortable. The lobby is nice with a few places to sit and relax. The hotel also has a nice restaurant outside that has pretty good food. The verandah outside the lobby is also a nice place to sit. Overall a nice experience. I loved the location.	
Feb 17 2009 	Much bettter than expected	I booked the hotel through a deal I found on the internet. It said 'Top Secret Hotel in Westminster'. I didn't find out which hotel it was until I had paid for it, so a bif risk!! When I checked out the hotel on Trip Advisor I was really worried as the reviews were poor. I am happy to report that I was pleasantly surprised. We were given a ground floor room that was clean and modern with a very large shower room. The staff were all really friendly. The hotel obvioulsy has lots of rooms and there were hundreds of people staying. Breakfast was very busy but plenty of food to choose from. It was close to Westminster Abbey,etc and although it was a fair walk to the theatre we enjoyed the lovely walks. We even walked to Liverpool St Station on the last day (3 and a half miles!!) but saw lots of sights and burnt off that lovely breakfast!!	
Feb 16 2009 	Deffinately an Italian Hotel....	Whilst in Italy I have stayed at some pretty bad hotels but in London for the price paid I expected better. Location was brilliant, the room was pretty clean although I wasn't too happy to find a long curly hair in a tea cup I was about to drink from.The main problem with the hotel was the heating/hot water. We arrived in London during the coldest weather in 20 years to a room with a broken radiator...the room had air-conditioning which when seemed only to blow cold air when set at 30 degrees. The water from all taps was hot....I never thought I would be thinking of this as a problem as past experience tells me that generally your lucky if you have lurk warm water in some establishments but....I don't know why; the water from all taps including the cold was plumbed such that all the water was coming from the boiler. Adjusting the temperature was impossible in the shower so it was pretty much un-usable.The fixtures in the shower were also rusted in position which meant that even if the cold water was working it would have been a struggle to adjust the temperatures.Overall I am now half way through a trip around the UK and this has by far been the worst experience thus far; the hotel is not 4 star as purported; I would suggest closer to 2 and a half.I would close by saying this is not the worst place to stay (although has many downsides) however for the rate charged and the purported &quot;reputable&quot; chain; this is more like a 3 star hotel you would find in the outskirts of Venice.Positives: Location is great, breakfast was pretty good, bed was good for sleeping, early check-in was allowed.Negatives: In-ability to have a shower without 3rd degree burns for several days.	
Feb 15 2009 	Histoic Hotel with Division Bell	We stayed here one Saturday night as a base for seeing Lion King at The Lyceum Theatre. It was a lovely quiet location but no interesting views. Not ideal for the theatre we went to thanks to the underground system having so many closures that weekend, so check first. The show was wonderful. The hotel had fantastic architecture and was an interesting building. We were given a free upgrade, not sure why. We were meant to have a double room and were given a suite. It was clean with a large bathroom. It needed refurbishment, but gave us value for money in central London. I would give it 3 stars, not 4. Breakfast was dissapointing, a basic buffet which did include breads, cereals &amp; cooked. Low quality &amp; we expected better from a 4* hotel in our opinion. Tables were not cleared at any stage &amp; no waiter service for tea, coffee etc. Bar area was lovely with open fires (gas?).	
Feb 2 2009 	Better than expected	Had booked to stay at this hotel via Airmiles so was not sure what to expect and then reviews I found made me think we were in for an unpleasant stay.However these fears were to be unfounded. Yes the hotel is looking a bit outdated (but I am sure it was a grand place once), however everthing was clean and can assure you have stayed in a lot worse hotels charging alot more and promising you more.On arrival we were a bit worried as they put us in a room on the top floor for the smokers without saying - only snag is we hate the smell of smoke in any form. However once we had asked to be put to another room we were delighted.A larger fresher room at the back of hotel - ok no view but it was nice and dark and meant no noise from the street or street lights! What hotel is going to give you a room with a view for their price.The hotel was very busy all weekend but the service was great both at breakfast and on the reception.Lots of nice areas to have some quiet time outwith your room, good access to computer, nice bar. Great location just a few steps to the tube, small walk to St James' Park/Buck Palace etc.Would rec. it. Have learnt that now with hotels if you arrive and you are not happy with your room, it is always worth asking for another one. You never know they may accommodate you. Best to check in sooner rather than later as this helps. Someone has to be in the room near lift shaft/reception etc but if you were there first and request a change it may help.	
Jan 28 2009 	NOT so Jolly St Ermin's	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in December 2008. The lighting at the reception was dark and gloomy. Hotel staff were not friendly at all. The standard room was ok for a 3 star hotel except for the floor carpeting which was really dirty as if it had not been cleaned for several years. Daily shower was a nightmare with the water trickling down the shower head. Despite several calls to the reception, no action was taken to improve the water pressure. Other than that, location was great as it's less than 5 minutes walk to St James's Park underground and also walkable to Buckingham Palace and Westminster.	
Jan 27 2009	Nice and Jollie	Lovely Hotel would defintley stay here again staff nice and polite great choice for breakfast check out is at 12 but there is a courstey room for your bags great location	
Jan 26 2009 	Much Better Than expected	I had booked this hotel and then read the reviews, so wasn't expecting much, but thankfully our experience of The Jolly St Ermin was a good one.After an initial mix up by being given a single room we were then moved to a large double with an enormous bed and settee in the room on the first floor. The breakfast was pretty standard, but plenty of it and hot. Our room was clean and quiet and the hotel is in an excellent location right next door to New Scotland Yard. I would say though, it needs updating a bit to qualify for 4 star, but as we only paid £74 for the room including breakfast i don't think we paid 4 star prices.So for a weekend sight seeing I would recommend and would go back.	
Jan 10 2009 	Dreadful Hotel	This is one of the poorest hotels I have stayed in. The standard room I was given on night one was cold, dark, and in drastic need of an overhaul. The sheets were stained and had holes, the bathroom was mouldy, the carpet was torn and held together with duct tape, and the wallpaper was peeling. The lack of internet access and safe in the room was also a problem and the food was poorly presented and somewhat average. Unfortunately the staff were not particularly helpful, few could speak English, and did not communicate with one another regarding my various concerns. I had to request a heater for the room because it was so cold, and on my second night I upgraded to a deluxe suite at a cost of £50. The second room was like another hotel - warm, comfortable, clean and modern. However the difference beween a standard room and deluxe room was vast. Due to the experience of the first night and lack of helpfulness by the staff, I will never return to this hotel.	
Jan 9 2009 	After all I would go there again	We went there, 6 of us, to spend the New Year's Eve.We booked the trip by September 2008, and we only paid some 500eur for 7 nights - we thought it is a very good deal for a 4* hotel (by that time, the euro was very weak, against the pound).The first 2-3 hours after I entered the room, I was in shock: I couldn't believe this was for real, for a 4* hotel :(!.The room was about 10-12 sqm big, with 2 beds, 2 tables (1 for TV and one for... us) and 1 chair- barely had any space to move around the bed :(. We had some 10 hangers in some sort of a ... niche, but absolutely no shelf or drawer - so we were forced to keep our T-shirts, socks and underwear in the bag for the entire staying, for there was absolutely NO place to put them, in that room :(!The room was unbelievable cold; the windows had wooden frames in very poor condition and had only 1 layer of glass - it was like in the freezer next to them; anyway, they looked like the were there ever since the hotel was built :(.The bathroom was some 40% the size of the room - so it seemed pretty big to us, as you could actually turn around yourself without touching something around, in there (as opposed to inside the room) :)... The pressure of the water was ok for the wc and shower, but very low for the tap -&gt; it was taking almost 1 minute to fill a glass with water, to rise my mouth after tooth brushing. 53 secs to fill 1 glass with water - the watch in front of me!!! Imagine washing your hands&amp;face in these conditions :(...That was for our room. For the other 2 rooms (as we were 6 together...), I would mention these: in one room, the windows looked even worse then ours, and one of them was cracked, splitting the window in 1/3 and 2/3 !!! Let's remember that it was a 4* hotel, and was the end of December :(:(... In the other room, they had new windows with PVC frames and perfect glass, which made the room quite warm, compared to the others; in return, their bath room was 2/3 the size of ours, and the pressure of the water was very lower everywhere (toilet, shower and tap), which was quite bad for them (and funny for us :) ): the poor guys needed to flush the toilet (and pray!!!) 3-4, even 5 times, until everything was ok :(:(...So, if you're looking for a &quot;romantic escape&quot; - hmmm.... maybe not here.... :).Ok, besides all these...The air-conditioning was great; we set it at 24C and we actually got 24C in the room; even our friends with the cracked windows had a warm room for the entire staying.The room was very clean and arranged every evening when we arrived back; fresh towels in the bathroom, and also new shampoo, shower-gel and soap.I do not agree with the previous comments regarding the lift- it was small, but worked perfectly; so we made fun of it's size and named it &quot;intimate&quot; , we called it &quot;vintage&quot; as it looked so old, and used it every day.The public area at the ground floor are superb!!! The rooms where we were having breakfast were very beautiful (but VERY COLD :(:(:( !!!), and the Caxton Bar looked great- it was very nice to spend the evening there, and we did that a couple of evenings, playing cards or just having some drinks from the bar.The breakfast was very good; a wide variety to choose from, and personnel very attentive and efficient.Generally, the personnel of the hotel was very kind and helpful, when we needed assistance such as getting directions, or call a cab, or locate some shop in London, etc.The location of the hotel is PERFECT: 10 minutes walking from the Buckingham palace, 10 minutes walking from Westminster Abby, 5 minutes from Victoria boulevard (with shops, pubs and supermarkets), 20 minutes walking from Trafalgar Square, 25-30 from Piccadilly Circus. Subway station right around the corner (2 minutes) and post-office in front of the hotel- which was great for buying stamps, as we were tourists there :):)...At the end of the day... it was not so bad :).The room was small, but we were not staying there too much, anyway; was cold, but the AC worked perfectly (that much with saving the planet :(:(; why having 2 layers of windows, or at least one, but good- when you can use the AC 24h per day :(:(...), the breakfast was very good, the public areas of the hotel looked great, and the location, as I have already said -&gt; PERFECT!So, all in one... I would recommend this hotel for friends that are going to London as tourists; but certainly not for a &quot;romantic escape&quot;...	
Dec 21 2008 	A let down on all levels	Stayed here from 11th - 15th Dec 08 on a romantic getaway to the Capital. The public areas are lovely old victorian deco and give you the wow just a pity the rooms were awful and a complete contrast to the public areas.I booked through alpharooms and i thought i got a good deal at £100 per night including breakfast but was disappointed. I booked a double non smoking room and was told i could either have a non smoking twin room or a double smoking room neither of which suit for a romantic get away. After standing firm the receptionist &quot;found&quot; a non smoking double on the 5th floor.I agree with previous comments re the lift - ancient and very scary and we did take the stairs 9/10 despite being on 5th floor!The room was small, dark, not well lit, the windows were old and didnt shut properly the interior glazing didnt close properly either so there was a bit of noise and cold air although being at the back meant that was only from the back alley! The curtains didnt meet in the middle so lucky it was December and pretty dark outside most of the time!The air conditioning didnt heat the room it was cold most of the time despite putting the controls up to 26 degrees.The carpets were old and worn the dark wooden furniture tired and the bathroom although clean in need of renovation.There was no where to open your suitcase without causing an obstruction round the bed to the bathroom or to the door.The wall paper was peeling and dirty in parts and there was a constant musty smell when you returned each day.Although central and the main reason for booking this hotel try to get a good deal at the Hilton Canary Wharf - fantastic modern clean warm and quiet rooms in a safer area of London.Upside - location, 2 minutes to At James Tube station, 10 minutes to Victoria, plenty of local shops on your doorstep or high street shops and restaurants on Victoria Street.Breakfast was disappointing - not much choice and the hot food was cold most mornings. Get there late on a weekend and they didnt restock the food so was left with a croissant and a cup of tea. Felt like you were at a school canteen - tables lined up in rows, certainly not a romantic breakfast setting although the room breakfast is served in is beautifully victorian.Dont go here!	
Dec 17 2008 	yes we have that but not today	I was in London on business, and stayed in the Jolly St. Ermin's and the Grange Fitzrovia. They were about the same price, but the Fitzrovia was easily twice as good as the St. Ermin's. The St. Vermin's appears to cater primarily to tour groups from Spain. Large swarms of people descend on the lobby every couple of hours. This is important because unless you want to pay an extra £50.00 (you read that right) for a deluxe room, the only way you can have internet is by sitting in the lobby. Or so I was told - the signal strength never got over 5% over my three day stay, despite two troubleshooting sessions with their IT guy. The nearest internet cafe was a ten minute walk away. My room was directly opposite the doors leading to the elevators, so there was a lot of hallway noise. The people in the room next door were moderately noisy too - they were in London to party. The headboard was simulated furniture screwed to the wall, except that the screws had pulled out of the plaster so it dangled off-kilter, looking like it was going to fall any second. There lamp next to the bed had a bulb that was too dim to read by. So I tried to swap it for the lamp on the desk, but that lamp had its cord threaded through the wood on side of the desk to prevent it from being moved or stolen or something like that. Apparently I wasn't the only one with this problem, as the plug had obviously been replaced. I ended up moving the mattresses on the bed. I know some of you will be tempted by this hotel based on its location, but I'll never stay there again.	
Dec 8 2008 	Did not leave me feeling very Jolly	Having decided to extend our stay in London to another day, we required an additional hotel as the one were had previously stayed in had no vacancies. We booked through a Travel Kiosk (i forgot the name) found in Victoria Station. As it was a Saturday and close to Christmas, there were hardly any hotels available. We decided to book with the Jolly St. Ermin's Hotel as it was close to where were already located, was 4* and although it was bit expensive at £177.00 we were left with no option but to book.Although we were promised we could check in straight away, we were told by reception our room would not be available for another half hour. On entering our double room, my partner and I were displeased to say the least. 4* this hotel is not. The room itself was tiny, there was very little space to move around in. The bed was far too firm and lighting was very poor. The choice of television channels was also of a low standard, with the standard terrestrial you would come to expect in addition to however, a number foreign channels that were very badly tuned.Although the room was awful, I found the customer service at the hotel to be very good. We required an iron and it was brought up to the room within minutes. Additionally, we were allowed to extend our checkout time by an hour as we were running late.The concierge were very helpful in allowing us to leave our bags at the hotel after checking-out so we could utilize the rest of the day without dragging along suitcases.All in all I found our stay to be mediocre, we expected a lot more seeing that we paid a high price and the hotel was a 4*. Location was great, only minutes away from St James Station, that in addition to the customer service we received were the only good points of the hotel.	
Nov 21 2008 	Big hotel with small rooms	The hotel location is quite good, and the entrance and lobby area is nice, but the rooms are really small! We needed to upgrade and pay extra for a bigger room. There are some rooms that have been renovated that are still small, but look nicer and cleaner. On the old ones the carpet is old and dirty, there are openings on the walls, etc. Also there is no safe box on any room!Breakfast is terrible! The orange juice is like water with colorants, and there is no way to get an expresso (coffee) even paying!	
Nov 13 2008 	Entrance is wonderful rooms less so	Having arrived, tired after a day of travelling and working, the hotel didn't actually have my booking. Eventually they found me a room which was faded, not particularly clean (although that might have just been the illusion of something that needed a paint) and was just generally a bit substandard for the price and for the false advertising from the front entrance.I have been recommended this hotel by other people so this may just have been a bad room - although the other reviews on this seem to agree with me! Maybe we all stayed in the same room.	
Nov 11 2008 	Tired but quiet	I stayed at this hotel for 4 days in October. It was in a good location; 2 mins walk from St James's undergound station and close to all the shops. The lobby is very impressive and the staff were polite and friendly. The lift is horrible, its tiny and like a coffin so I took the stairs every day. I had a single room, but the bed was very narrow and wasn't against a wall, also it was on wheels, so everytime you moved the whole bed would move too! After my first night, I moved my bed every night which was annoying but at least I got some proper sleep! The room in general was very tired, the wallpaper was peeling in places and the bathroom although clean was very old. The noise from outside is minimal which is very good considering the area however I could hear a fair bit of noise from other rooms. The room was very light with big windows which were double glazed and the room had air con. The wifi is expensive and the room service was average. On my final day, there was a long queue to check out which moved very slowly. Ultimately, I would stay here again as it is quiet and in a convenient location but would advise upgrading to a double room or moving your bed!	
Oct 28 2008	Overall a good stay	Enjoyed our trip to London and would return to this hotel. Very centrally located - just a few minutes walk from Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey and other attractions. Approx 1-2 min walk to nearest tube station. Found the hotel very quiet at night - no problems sleeping! Helpful staff - we arrived early and were allocated a room before normal check-in time, meaning we could leave our bags there. Also, on our last day, we were allowed to leave our bags at the hotel all day even though we checked out early in the morning. Found rooms clean, although could do with refurbishment as furnishings, wallpaper etc was a bit worn.	
Oct 28 2008 	Getting Tired ? This hotel is asleep.	Really did not enjoy my stay. Ended up in a smoking room, having booked non smoking, which stank of stale cigarettes and cheap air freshener. Room overlooked the bins and a group of drug dealers. This is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in and cannot belive it is rated as 4*.The location is great but would never stay again. The shower was barely a trickle. The hotel is so shabby once you leave the relatively elegant entrance and reception areas.I only paid £99 so didn't bother complaining. If I had paid their normal room rate of £200 ish i would have.You could tell the staff take a lot of abuse and complaints because they we very unfriendly and abrupt. When I complained about the shower they just said they would let maintenance know but not even a hint of an apology.	
Oct 27 2008 	No hot water in rooms and very bad attitude from Reception	We stayed for two nights while attending a wedding at this hotel, entry to room was a nightmare due to faulty door card several times, got up Saturday morning no hot water all day for any guest to shower prior to attending a wedding, had to boil kettle to wash, Saturday room was not cleaned, but Sunday from 9am onward every 15 minuets staff drove us mad to get in and clean room ??? breakfast was like attending school dinners warm food in trays no fried eggs chief does not cook them, table arranged in rows, waiter could not tell the difference between tea and coffee he stood at our table smelling both pots to decide, but the worse part of stay was a very bad attitude from the Reception Staff they need to learn how to talk to people, the young women on reception never looked up at all to answer me and was very dismissive each time I approached her, this was not personal but the pattern used on most of the guest. A smile would have been nice given the cost of our so called deluxe room which was shabby. The building is without doubt beautiful and deserves much better treatment.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone	
Oct 20 2008 	Three stars disguised as four	Dreadful. Behind the fabulous lobby area lurks a tired, threadbare, very dingy hotel. The bathroom was clean but that is all I can say about it. Having requested a non-smoking room I was put in a smoking room. Various cock-ups ensued with the room keycard malfunctioning. Bored and stressed staff. One to avoid. I was glad I only paid £90 for the night on Lastminute.com - had I paid the rack rate I would have been up in arms.	
Oct 16 2008 	Getting tired	Having read mixed reviews of the Jolly hotel I wasn’t sure what to expect. Overall however I have to say I found it fine for my stay.The location of the hotel is excellent just off Victoria Street which is ideal for exploring London. The hotel is an old Victorian building which is very grand in the entrance. Marble floors and a beautiful spiral staircase give the impression you are in somewhere special. The check in process was slow as I had to wait for quite a long time as two guests were complaining about something and there was no one else available on reception to serve. This was at about 5.00pm which is a very busy time so I was surprised at how short staffed they were.When I eventually got checked in I made my way to the room on the top floor. Once you get past the reception the hotel isnt as grand and could do with a new coat of paint. The lift is tiny and can literally fit two people in. The room itself was quite small although clean and functional. It was a little bit dated compared to some of the other hotels I have used in London.The breakfast was excellent with a good choice but the room was heaving when I went down at about 8.00. It is that busy that I was seated on a table with other guests which I don’t particularly like as I like my own space. When I left the breakfast room there was a huge queue spiralling round the corner of about 20-30 people. There are far more people in the hotel than can be handled at breakfast. Overall this hotel is OK, but could be better for the money and I would certainly consider the Hespiria or Riverside Park Plaza ahead of this one.	
Oct 6 2008 	In need of a makeover	I have just stayed at this hotel after being changed there last minute by Alpharooms, after looking on the internet at it I was quite impressed! When we arrived I was still just as impressed as the hotel looks lovely from the outside, as does the impressive lobby. However, when we got into our room, I was a bit disappointed. The rooms do not reflect the rest of the hotel as they are dated and in desperate need of a makeover. The bathroom was very small and also the water pressure was almost non-existant, I was in the shower for about half an hour trying to rinse the shampoo out of my hair!However, the room and bathroom was very clean and the toiletries were also very good.We were also charged £2 for our morning paper which I have never had in a 4 star or above hotel before!	
Oct 2 2008 	Lovely Hotel	This was our second visit to the St Ermines this year.We returnedbecause we enjoyed our previous visit in January so much.It is a very imposing hotel in a safe and central area of London and both times our standard rooms at the back of the hotel have been very comfortable.I cannot vouch for the previous reviewer's complaints re computer access but I am sure I would have been able to work in the available light in my rooms.A huge amount of extras not usually availabe in hotel rooms are provide.As well as the usual toiletries,toothbrush,toothpaste,razor,shaving cream,sponge,comb,and shoehorn are provided.Breakfast is served in what I assume is the ballroom in very elegant surroundings and the staff are very attentive.My one critisism of the huge buffet breakfast is that as a non meat eater the choice of hot food was very limited on this visit compared to previously.Only scrambled egg,tomato,and mushrooms along with sausage and bacon.However I would still return to this hotel as once again we had an extremely comfortable stay.	
Oct 1 2008 	Not so jolly Jolly Hotel!	A very imposing facade but a much less imposing room in need of re-decoration. My bathroom stank of cigarette smoke and there were cigarette holes burned in the bedspread! Only redeeming feature was room service - the meal was good and not excessively expensive. I can thoroughly recommend the fruit salad if nothing else.	
Sep 17 2008	Avoid the Ermin	I stayed at the Jolly St. Ermin for 5 nights on business. This hotel is simply not acceptable for business travelers. There is no internet service in the rooms. Wireless is available in the lobby for a fee. The rooms are very dark, to the extent that it's a challenge to get dressed, and way to dark to read or work in the room. The mattress in my room was terrible. The breakfast, most notably the coffee, was very bad. The hallways were very noisey. The only plus is that the water pressure in the shower was good.	
Sep 3 2008 	Not the best	We stayed for one night on a weekend celbrating a friends celebratory event.The staff were less than friendly and quite frankly rude when asked for help and checking in.We had booked a larger double room but were given a twin despite booking months in advance. We were told that there was nothing else available with no apology. In addition to this both my husband and I developed red itchy reactions to bites on our arms, backs, faces and legs throughout the following day and it would appear that we had been bitten throughout the night. I emailed the hotel who said they would investigate this and get back to us, but so far no reply - another example of their glowing customer service. Our friends in other rooms do not appear to have suffered from these bites so hopefully an issue isolated to that room.On a positive point there was no queue for the breakfast and it was tasty and the main parts of the building are stunning.	
Aug 20 2008 	Pretty good...	The Jolly has sumptuous decor and is a stone's throw from St James tube. Bathroom and room were clean and well-appointed, although my room was small even on London standards - walking room not much in excess of the perimeter of the bed.The bar was lovely with open fires crackling merrily, however pretty pricey even for branded spirits. A great pub just opposite the tube though sellling good wines and beers at very reasonable prices.In the morning the queues for breakfast and check-out were astonishingly long and additional staff/capacity or guest info advising early/late breakfasting would have been welcome.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great location - Take the upgrade option	The location is fantastic as the others here have mentioned and the on site parking is reasonable (£24 per 24 hour stay). We found the staff on the whole very helpful, the barman was a bit strange in that he would sell my wife a champagne cocktail but not just a straight glass of champagne for the same price! Hey ho we bought the bottle for £33 instead of 1 cocktail for £9.70 so it all worked out in the end. The concierge are great and very knowledgeable, I know London very well but even I rated their expertise and advice so make that your first port of call. We booked through Lastminute.com on the Top secret hotels section and got a great deal and opted for the upgraded room £50 for two nights. Our room was large, very clean, well equipped with everything we’d expect even the mini bar was reasonable for London £3.40 for a large fosters. (It’s £4.00 a pint in a pub) We didn’t have breakfast in the hotel, partly down to the reviews we saw here and partly as I know a good place called the Broadwalk Cafe that is a 1 minute walk from the front door that does the Full monty breakfast for £6.00. I can thoroughly recommend it, it may look a little scruffy but its clean and the food and service are fantastic, even my wife who is very used to 5 star hotels for business couldn’t fault it so give it a try. ( She even went back for Lunch on the second day and I can tell you that is high praise) Overall I thought the hotel was very good for the price we paid and I’d go back the next time we plan a trip in town. The location really does mean that you don’t need to get cabs as most of the sights are within a 15 minute walk and the Big bus tour is right around the corner as is the Tube station. There are nicer hotels in London for sure, but if you opt for the room upgrade and get a good deal you will be very pleased with your choice.	
Jul 21 2008 	Wonderful staff – woeful breakfast	I liked this hotel. Minutes from Parliament, almost next door to St James underground and walkable at 3 am from Covent Garden! It looks like a solid old hotel, with a British stiff upper lip. Its old lobby is impressive and the place looks grand. The staff were mainly Spanish and Italian, and I must say offered a standard of service often neglected now in the UK – they were most pleasant and accommodating. However the love affair stops at the front entrance. The stairs to my room were becoming threadbare and the single room small and antiquated. I then paid pay for an upgrade, which allowed me room to swing the preverbal cat; however I was happy, this was after all London and space is at a premium. Then I had breakfast! Read the previous reviews on this hotel…. The cooked food was appalling: Boiled eggs heated black, bone dry bacon, sausages that tasted like sawdust and I don’t even want to think about the scrabbled eggs. Management, please take e the chef to any other local hotel and get him some retraining. Providing a hot fresh tasting breakfast buffet is always a challenge, but there are plenty of places that succeed. I don’t have to eat a full fry up daily, so on balance would probably return, if just for the pleasant European staff.	
Jul 14 2008 	Cold eggs	First morning, I asked for hot scrambled eggs and was told no not until the eggs on the table were finished. I pointed out that they were cold, I was told, could not get hot eggs until they were finished. I the asked for a fried eggs as eggs were sitting in a dish. The reply, not until the scrambled were finished. No eggs for me that morning.2nd morning, At breakfast I asked for hot water, reply get it yourself and was pointed in the direction of the buffet table, the young man told me he only poured tea and coffee.As I use a walking stick to get around this would be nearly impossible for me to carry.Bathroom, hot water took nearly five minuets to get to lukewarm, loo took nearly fifteen minuets to refill after flush.I reported this at reception and no help was given.Two at reception were helpful the rest NO. But still nothing was done.I would not stay at this hotel again,Jay Jay.	
Jul 8 2008 	Charming but needs a serious face lift	This is a very nice building with a lot of charm in a very convenient area of London if you are here for tourism. A lot of government buildings are nearby so it may be a good address also if you are on a business trip. The rooms however need to be seriously renovated. The single rooms have real old style single beds (i.e. tiny) and I'm not sure a tall or strong built man could actually fit in them. The bathrooms are plain old (they had to change my room because the first shower was not functioning) and the TV did not work. The staff is polite but people sent to fix technical problems in the rooms are totally useless.Breakfast is ok nothing special but it is quite varied.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Location Nice Staff and Very English	My wife and I stayed at the St Ermin's for the final three nights of our honeymoon the last few days of May 2008. I was most nervous about this hotel beforehand since there are so many hotels in London and the only affordable ones for us were far out from the places we wanted to go. We had been to London a few times before, but we still want to be close. It ended up being perfect for our needs.This hotels location is wonderful. Its almost in a sleepy little corner of London, but next to the New Scotland Yard, so we felt pretty safe. The hotel is very close to the St James tube stop and only an 8 minute walk to Westminster. Maybe 15 minutes to Trafalgar Square and shopping. The hotel lobby is beautiful and large. However we stayed in a bedroom that was nice a smallish. However it is about what I expected. The bed was a full, the bathroom is tiny but has everything you need and the staff was very helpful when I needed an iron for my shirts. The hotel is owned by NH Hotels and I love the little touches they add. Like a shoehorn and shoe polish.Overall I would say this hotel is all you need if you are going to spend time touring around town or on a business trip. Its not lavish, but we really enjoyed our stay. I would recommend it to all my friends.	
May 28 2008 	Pleasant Stay	We stayed here for two nights while in London for the Chelsea Flower Show.We got the tube from Heathrow and were delighted to see that our hotel was only around the corner from the station! Very impressive entrance and lobby. We were upgraded to a superior room as there were no standard rooms left. Check in way very quick and easy.Our room was nice but was a smoking room and smelled abit of cigars so we opened the windows and let the fresh air in, didnt bother us but if you think it would then you should ask for non smoking. The room could probably do with an update and the bathroom was very small.We only ate breakfast on our first morning and it was disgusting!!! Sausages with skin like leather, hash browns so deep fried that we couldnt even cut them, the orange juice tasted like water it was that watered down!!!! We didnt bother with breakfast on our second morning!!!!The hotel is very very cental, we were only about 10 mins walk from Big Ben, Buckingham palace etc, so would def recommend this hotel for touring central london!Overall we had a pleasant stay and would recommend it but not the breakfast!!	
May 20 2008	Excellent for Disabled	I have just returned from a weekend stay at this hotel with my mother &amp; my sister. We chose this hotel because it had disabled &amp; parking facilities. Parking fees were waived for disabled. We were met on arrival and shown how to use the mini lift that had been provided, we were then shown to the disabled room which had alarm cords in all the appropriate places: over the bed, by the toilet and in the 'walk in shower'. The breakfast room was down a small flight of steps which had also been fitted with a mini lift. All the staff were friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. A taxi would be outside waiting for us within minutes of asking. The taxi's are all fitted with a disability ramp and we were able to push the wheelchair into the cab. Because of the location of the hotel we were able to walk back from the London Eye.The service for disabled was also fautless in the Prince of Wales Theatre and at the London Eye.We had a very enjoyable stay in London and woud not hesitate to return to the Jolly Hotel St Ermins.	
Apr 14 2008 	Nice Stay	We stayed here for a week in March 08. We found the hotel to be all and all satisfactory. The room was clean breakfast was acceptable and the location was great. This hotel is less than a ten minute walk to Buckingham, Westminster Abbey and Victoria Station. The location was the major attraction here. We also were able to find a rate of approximately $200 per night on aboutrooms.com. Given the price and location and compared with other similar priced hotels in London this was a great stay. If you are expecting four stars as advertised on some sites this is not it I would say a very solid three stars. However, the staff was nice the breakfast which was included was more than adequate and the hotel was clean. Only complaint was that the matress had been around for too long.	
Apr 7 2008	40th Birthday	I stayed at the Jolly St Ermins on Sat 29th March. My room was a double, I thought it was of reasonable side and clean, the hotel staff were very good, the breakfast was good but make sure it's in with the stay as it costs £16 per head . 5 mins from the Palace, StJames park, Big Ben Houses of Parliment. 20mins to theatre land. I left my battery charger for my camea in the room, 6 days later I phoned them about it, it had been handed in and they are sending it on to me at no cost.	
Mar 19 2008 	Nearly got charged for items not purchased	I stayed overnight in this hotel whilst on a business trip. Check in was fine, the receptionist asked if I wanted breakfast (the company paying for the hotel hadn't booked breakfast, which was fine) and I declined.I had a nice snack in the hotel bar after my meeting later at night and the room was comfortable enough. I did expect a bit more from a 4 star hotel though. The room had squeeky floorboards, the extractor fan in the bathroom was filled with filthy dust, there were some broken tiles on the wall of the bathroom, the TV was very small, there was no internet access in my room and WiFi in the lobby was not free (I paid £6 for a few hours and I couldn't send email using my personal SMTP server, so they obviously block some network ports). Finally, the lifts were tiny - only wide enough for one person and long enough for four people in total.On check out they put a charge on my bill which I didn't understand (for £16) and I was just about to pay when I asked what this was (no explanation was given). They told me it was breakfast, which I didn't have and the item didn't say breakfast but the name of one of the hotel restaurants and a few code letters. So, I kicked up a fuss, asking why they were charging me for breakfast when I hadn't had any. Unfortunately, the manager couldn't give any explanation and was wasn't very apologetic nor did he resolve the situation to my satisfaction.So, if you're staying in this hotel, don't bring wide suitcases, don't use the WiFi if you want to send emails from your mail program and double check your bill and ask what every item means.	
Mar 7 2008 	Good if you get a deal	Picked up an excellent deal to stay at the St Ermins. If I had paid anything close to the typical internet price I would have been unhappy. The hotel does look very nice and the lobby area which has been used in films is a nice place to sit and relax. However the rooms are very very dated and in poor upkeep. My room was tiny and cold and the aircon from the building opposite was loud but I did get a very cheap rate so I expected to get a poor room. Doesn't excuse the condition of the room or the curtains that you can't get to completely cover the window.On the plus side the location was perfect for the tube as it sits on St James tube station and it should be faily safe to wal at night because its next to Scotland yard and there are always police nearby.	
Mar 6 2008 	I can see why they call it St Vermins...	Booked as a luxury top secret hotel through Lastminute.com as I recognised the hotel from the description and had stayed there previously. Never again. The first room was a twin. When calling reception to request a double, as booked, was told in no uncertain terms that the booking was a twin as all Lastminute bookings are twin rooms, despite my booking confirmation. The room was swapped for a double that was so small there wasn't enough room for a bedside table on one side of the bed. This did mean I had an undisturbed view of the chipped pipework running along the wall, though. The main lamp didn't work and the minibar wouldn't open. The side of the bed closest to the bathroom (and, believe me, it was close) was stained. Because of the time it took to check in and change rooms, we didn't have time to request another room. However good the rates might appear to be, don't do it !	
Feb 12 2008 	Jolly St Ermins	Lovely hotel, set in a quiet spot in the heart of Westminster. The location was fanatastic, 5 minutes walk to Wesminster Bridge, London Eye , Parliament etc.The staff at this hotel are extremely helpful and friendly and we would certainly return	
Feb 8 2008 	Over priced waste of money and sub-standard	Stayed for one night at the end of Jan '08, the room was tiny, there was a 1.5&quot; gap under the bedroom door, the curtains didn't fit the window (approx a 4&quot; gap at the bottom), the bed was lumpy and uncomfortable, bath was rusty and the tiles in the bathroom were mildewed. The bar food portions were extremely small.	
Feb 1 2008 	time warp hotel	Spent the night there. The hotel seems to be stuck in a time warp. The public rooms are straight out of the Edwardian era- Magnicificently tired but architecturally wonderful. Its been used in a couple of movies.The bedrooms could do with a refurb. My bed creaked away every time I turned over. The heating system in the rooms is a bit hit and miss. You have to use the air con, the radiators dont work.Food. I had a dinner, breakfast and lunch. it was dull to say the least. Straight out of the 1960's.Great for the tube St James's Park station is round the corner about 200 metres. From Heathrow take the underground to Barons Court and change to the District line to St James's Park.From Gatwick catch the Express to Victoria and catch a cab for the short distance to the hotel.There are loads of restaurants in the Victoria St area for all budgetsand tastes.	
Jan 25 2008 	Lovely Hotel in a Perfect Location	We had a pleasant stay for 3 nights at this traditional and elegant English-style hotel located in a quiet area of Westminster, an easy 10-minute walk from Victoria Station. Other London attractions including Westminster Abbey, Parliament, Big Ben, and Buckingham Palace are also nearby within walking distance. The hotel itself is in an old and creaky building but is kept up beautifully. The hallways are like a maze as the hotel seems to wander everywhere. Individual rooms and bathrooms are clean, up-to-date and in excellent condition. The hotel walls are a bit thin, as we could hear other guests late at night in the hallway. The single lift is tiny and can be heard throughout the rest of the building. The front desk staff were friendly, efficient and helpful. And they have a wonderful English breakfast buffet with a large variety of choices. Overall a lovely hotel in a perfect location!	
Jan 21 2008 	great hotel superb location	We stayed at this hotel during christmas 2007 for 7 nights. The hotel is in a great location right next to the St. Jamss tube station. it is about an hour ride to heathrow. The hotel is a bit old but it seems to be in the process of renovation. Some parts of the lobby ceiling were cracked but otherwise it was quite comfortable and cosy. There are lovely seating areas and you can order from the bar menu and be served while sitting in front of a lovely fireplace. The check-in was very quick and our room was ready early even though we had checked in early. The staff was very nice and we had no problems with the service. Our room was a bit small but i believe this is the norm in europe. ( I don't know why they don't have double beds rather than single beds in the rooms - it really makes for an uncomfortable sleep). The room was very quiet but this is probably because of the season. We were on the third floor and there were not too many people staying on this floor. There was a bit of a plumbing problem but it was fixed promptly when I told the hotel manager.We had the buffet breakfast twice at a reasonable cost of 10 pounds each. The manager offered us a coupon so that we would not have to pay the regular 16 pound price - i don't know if this was a x-mas special but you could always check. The buffet breakfast was fantastic! everything you could ask for- from sausages and eggs to cereals and yogurt. as well as a chef ready to prepare extra items - for an extra price, of course. There were fresh juices and a great variety of bread. We found it a great way to start the day. however, right next to the hotel are a few great little diners where you can get a specific breakfast for about 4 pounds each. Be warned that on Sunday nothing is open except for the hotel. You will have to go to another part of town to eat if you don't eat at the hotel. This hotel is half a kilometre from buckingham palace as well as big ben, downing street, etc. We walked everywhere, it was so close! Having the tube close by was great. We bought an Oyster card and hopped on and off...most of the time it cost us 3 pounds a day each to wander all over the city as the oyster card has a limit on how much it charges. Well worth the 3 pounds for it and it is reuseable should you return to london.On days where we were too tired to sit in a restaurant we ate at the hotel. We ordered sandwiches from the bar menu which were very reasonably priced - @ 5 pounds each for a huge sandwich with chips and salad. The have the most amazing spinach and ricotta pasta as well. Sometimes we bought our dessert outside and ordered a pot of tea which was elegantly served and had our dessert on the lobby tables. There are little nooks so you have your own table. Free papers are provided by the hotel so it is quite comfortable to just sit and read. Service was prompt and friendly but there was some difficulty with english as a few of the staff did not speak it well. Gary the concierge was extremely helpful in helping us find something to do on Christmas day...we ended up taking a tour of stonehenge (even though it was closed - we still got close enough to take some great pictures) he even mailed our postcards after we left as we did not have time to find the post office. Overall this hotel was great. I would stay here again and highly recommend it for everyone. very convenient and reasonably priced. we got a great deal on the price $200 canadian dollars a night.	
Jan 17 2008	great place for a Wedding	We attended a wedding at this hotel last weekend. The building is more than 100 years old, very imposing but has an air of faded grandeur. The room was very small and basic, having had to fit a modern bathroom and aircon into a building originally designed before either, but everything worked. There is limited paid parking at the front of the hotel and a multi-storey nearby. The staff were efficient and polite. The ceremony was held in the gallery above the ball room; the dinner in the ball room. The food was surprisingly good considering the numbers involved and the kitchen coped very well with last minute changes of menu for small children. &quot;It's no problem&quot;, they said and the new plates appeared.I can't adequately describe the decor but see the pictures.	
Jan 13 2008	needs a shake up	We attended a wedding - great location, great wedding, lovely old english hotel, that's where it ends for me !Food was very poor, under cooked, small portions and during the evening meal the table even calasped on us, as the leg was bodged up with duck tape and we neally got coverd in red wine and glass. Breakfast was a sham. No clean tables - the waitress said we need to wait 10 mins which would have been fine and she would make us a clean table! only she was never to be seen again so we helped ourselves in the end. Then there was no food ready - the english breakfast came out in stages over 20 mins one other guessed complained and all that was said was i do not speek english! The room was not that bad but was a little tired and the toilet leaked. This could be an amazing place what ashame.	
Jan 7 2008 	Jolly Hotel - loved it	My husband and I stayed here for only one night in November. The room we were allocated was on the top floor and it was a decent size, spotlessly clean and looked as though it had been refurbished recently. We wanted to go out for dinner but the weather was atrocious with rain bouncing off the pavement all evening so we stayed in and had a meal in the lovely bar downstairs. It was cosy and relaxing and the food was good. Service was OK but one of the barmen was disinterested and even a little rude on occasion. We ignored that and enjoyed our meal. When we went upstairs to our room we noticed that the roof had sprung a leak all over the bed! No-one would answer the telephone so my husband went downstairs to speak to the duty manager who apologised profusely and immediately gave us the keys to another room. It was quite late at night and we had the hassle of re-packing our bags but we forgot all about that when we realised we'd been given the keys to a beautiful huge suite - room 400.On checkout, I thanked the manager for letting us stay in such a lovely room and not only did he apologise again but he actually thanked me for being so understanding..! Makes you wonder what some guests are like - never happy even when upgraded for free.Anyway, we loved the hotel, the staff (with one exception) were very friendly and couldn't do enough to help us and we wished that we could have stayed for longer. As said before, this hotel really is in the most wonderful location and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 28 2007	A complete joke!!	Incompetent staff! The hotel booking was confirmed in October 2007 for my 21st birthday on new years eve, 4 rooms were booked and a reference number given. On the last working day before new years eve we were called at 5pm in the evening to be told our reservation was being changed to another hotel, a hotel that wasn't even in the area that we needed to be. The staff were unhelpful and unsympathetic to the situation, it was 'unexplainable on their part' according to a member of staff who was obviously pretending to the the manager. The booking system is a complete joke. They clearly have no idea how to run a hotel, the front of house manager wanted us to feel sorry for him about the number of people he had to ring to tell them they also couldn't stay at the hotel although they had been given confirmation, they had overbooked by 50%. The hotel have ruined the 21st birthday celebrations my family had arranged for me.	
Dec 19 2007 	Excellent choice	Owned by an Italian chain. My visit was a business trip. The service was good, the staff polite and attentive. Excellent accommodation. Food was descent but I had to keep trying to catch the eye of the server for more coffee. The room was very comfortable. The only criticism was the room door fitting let the main corridor light in. Took me a while to drop off. I would recommend the hotel as a perfect location for the tourist visiting the sites in London. Right outside is New Scotland Yard. Walking distance to Buck House and Westminster. The hotel used to be frequented by a lot of MP’s from the House of Commons. It even had a division bell (rings to inform MP’s when to vote) and a secret passage for MP’s to get to Westminster (blocked up now). Well positioned for a good link to the underground station. (St James).	
Nov 20 2007 	peaceful yet central!	I stayed there during the WTM. A very pleasant experience. Just around the corner from St. James Park station, it was perfect to get anywhere on the underground tube. Lovely decor, friendly staff. Rooms big enough to handle a large suitcase and a roll-on. Breakfast was sumptuous. The phone line was faulty for some reason and i could not get incoming calls. That was a bit of a nuisance. If you are planning on getting a cab before 7AM, it is best to pre-book it the previous night. Had to wait 15minutes for a cab to show up around 615AM. Would i stay there again? Absolutely! Is it a safe neighborhood? With Scotland Yard next door, what can be safer!Nayaz NoorCEO Safir Tours Pvt.LtdIndia	
Oct 31 2007 	Taste of Old England	This is a first-class hotel, very well situated as only a short walk to Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, London Eye and Buckingham Palace.Had a superior room which was spotlessly clean, huge comfortable bed, tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer, trouserpress etc.Highly recommended. We will always use this hotel when staying in London.	
Oct 25 2007	Dissapointing	Booked hotel as part of my parents golden wedding anniversary, maij part of trip was dinner on the thames which I would reccomend. Jolly hotel was very dissapointing, breakfast ridiculous price, rooms average not that clean. Got back in the evening bar closed due to refurbishment, could only sit in the lobby and the small bar that was open was very limited. Did not have breakfast instead went to italian near the welsh guard much better value	
Oct 20 2007	OK but expensive	Clean and comfortable, and well located, but quite expensive.Avoid the buffet breakfast at the hotel.	
Oct 17 2007 	Perfect location for sightseeing good rooms friendly staff	The Jolly Hotel is perfectly located in the center of London. Five minutes walk to the Buckingham Palace, directly at St. James Underground station and ten minutes walk to Westminster Abbey. The hotel is located at the end of a dead end road, in typical English style, some areas seem to be recently renovated. We had room 357, at the end of a floor with a view to the street and the Scotland Yard Headquarter right across the street. The hotel offers wireless internet and a small business center as well. Breakfast is 16 pounds, it looked good, but we have not tried it.	
Oct 8 2007 	Beautiful Hotel	We couldn't believe how beautiful this hotel was. Our room was spacious, clean, and comfy bed. The location of this hotel was spot on. All the big sights are in walking distance. Front desk staff were very friendly upon check in and check out. The concierge didn't want to be bothered though. We would absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great Location clean 	Reason for stay - Stayed here for a weekend theatre break, its a great location, right next door to St James Street tube station and just over the road from New Scotland Yard (Police HQ). Bedroom - we had what looked like a newly refurbished room, of a generally good size, had a hairdryer, iron, ironing board, minibar, tv, safe, nicely sized bathroom with good shower.Restaurant - didnt stay for dinner, but menu was fairly priced for centarl London, you can get better by eating out.Breakfast - All you can eat english and continental breakfast set in the ballroom, what a lovely room to start the day, very nice chandeliers. we did have to queue for about 5 mins but lets not moan over 5 mins people.Location - Brilliant 5-10 mins walk to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben &amp; Westminster, 20 mins walk to Covent Garden, London eye. Its just such a good location i could go on for ages.	
Sep 30 2007	Great location a bit dated but fine otherwise	We stayed here for eight nights in September. The room was somewhat dated but it was clean and comfortable, more spacious than what we had expected. Staff was very helpful and maintenance came promptly when we had some minor problems. We ate in the restaurant one night and the food was very good. The location, as other reviews have indicated, is terrific. We had an easy walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and the War Cabinet Rooms. The underground is very handy and we felt very safe in that area. For quick snacks, the handiest was the Treats store in the St. James' underground top floor. We were not that taken with the buffet breakfast at the hotel and many of the neaby restaurants did not open before 7 am which was not convenient if you had an early start. There was a resturant in St. Jame' underground that did open at 6 am. Overall, very happy with our stay and would return.	
Sep 29 2007 	nice hotel	some time ago, but it came back to my mind that we stayed here too ! Hotel was great, rooms a bit old, the hairdryer had the Hilton Logo on it because its a former Hilton Hotel :-) ! But it was very nice there and i would definitly come back !	
Sep 28 2007 	Over our expectations !	We had a 3 night stays at the St-Ermins before a cruise, we booked thru a travel agent for $682.00 Cdn including taxes and breakfast. This was a great deal, we tought we would have a continental breakfast and we were surprised that the buffet included hot and cold food including eggs and bacon etc...The location could be better, next to St-James subway station and 5 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace. The Italian staff was nice and they toke care of us like a 5 star hotel. At first we got a room that was not renovated but very clean, we then asked to a newer room and they moved us right away to the room that I posted the pictures on this site under &quot;we got a nice room&quot;.We had dinner at the hotel and the food was great, the elevators are quite small but we had no problems.We would stay again on our next trip and we recommend this hotel.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great Location - A Bit Threadbare	I stayed in this hotel the first week of August, 2007. Overall, I enjoyed my time at the Jolly Hotel St. Ermins. The location was excellent - right around the corner from St. James tube stop, and a short walk to Victoria Station. A grocery store two blocks away on Victoria Street. Easy distance to James Park, Parliament, London Eye, Buckingham Palace, London Gallery, Big Ben and more.  The hotel is very pleasing from the outside. Ornate decorations in the lobby, beautiful entryway, nice exterior. The staff were helpful and knowledgeable. The rooms were a bit disappointing. No consistent internet access, threadbare carpets, torn wallpaper, worn furniture, a bit small. I can see where this hotel was splendid in its heyday, but has seen better times. According to other posts, the hotel is currently being renovated, but my party (5 rooms on three different floors) all apparently stayed in a section yet to be completed. The breakfast was over-priced for what was offered (I did find a little place just around the corner that served hot breakfast to go for under 5 pounds - straight across the street from Scotland Yard). For the money (100 pounds/night ~ $200USD) I was expecting a bit more. I will give this hotel another try on my next visit, but I can't recommend it wholeheartedly to the business traveller at this time.	
Aug 31 2007 	Splendid atmosphere and location needs some attention to detail	I spent a couple of nights here on a trip to London back in May, and found the hotel a little bit of a mixed bag. It's undergoing renovation at the moment and one wing seems to be being fairly heavily rebuilt, but the general appearance of the public spaces is charmingly old-fashioned, with lots of Art Nouveau touches to it. The lobby with its grand staircase, ornate ceiling and leather sofas is particularly grand. The front-of-house staff, as befits the hotel's membership of the Italian Jolly Hotel chain, are mostly Italian and very professional - requests were dealt with promptly, efficiently and accurately.My small single room had clearly once been very nice indeed but had seen better days - the curtains and carpet were somewhat worn, and the chairs and desk were in need of some refurbishment. The bed, though, was excellent. The bathroom was excellent though and there were perfectly adequate tea-making and minibar facilities. As so often with single rooms the view was over the back of the hotel and nothing to write home about.The St Ermin's has an excellent and unusual location, handy for Whitehall, St James's Park and Victoria. It's a surprisingly quiet and peaceful corner of London, yet quite convenient for public transport. This hotel has a lot of charm - it's quirky, old-fashioned and stylish, with elegant public spaces and comfortable rather than luxurious rooms. It's a little bit threadbare in places, but it seems that the owners are committed to upgrading and renovating it while still keeping its distinctive features intact. When the programme of work is finished this will be a very distinctive and individualistic hotel indeed; even now it offers a lot of individuality and real - not contrived - style.	
Aug 30 2007 	Good value and great location for sightseeing	I stayed here for a couple of nights in August. You can't beat this hotel for location if you want to see the west-end sights - it's steps away from Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, and Buckingham Palace. The room was tiny but comfortable and the reception desk was friendly and very efficient. The breakfast was extortionate - turn right outside the hotel, then right again and there's an excellent cafe next to St James' tube station where you can get a full cooked breakfast for $5.	
Aug 21 2007 	Location comfort and price - you can have it all with the Jolly	First, I'd like to debunk a few possible myths and then I'll get on with how entirely enjoyable my experience was.After reading dozens of reviews on this site I wondered what type of experience I would have. Yes, the elevator is small, but unless you've drastically over packed for your stay or you're a large family, I don't see the problem - even in those cases, patience is a virtue. The lift won't break if you take two trips. I promise.Other reviews mentioned plumbing issues. Maybe they hadn't been to Europe before, but going into any restaurant, pub, museum or shop proves to have the same difficulties the Jolly had. Most issues can be solved by letting the water run for a bit or flushing twice.The room size was great, however, I was on the sixth floor, which I knew had already been renovated. That may have been why I adored my room. If you want to ensure a bit more room, ask for a higher level. Be aware that the 6th floor is a smoking floor and you can definitely smell it in the halls and in the rooms. However, after leaving my window open for the day as I walked about, the smell had left my room.Now, on to my stay - it was AMAZING!!! I had a fantastic time. From the moment I checked in to the moment I checked out, everything was ideal. The staff was very helpful and incredibly knowledgeable about the area and the whole of London. They even booked my trip to Bath and Stonehenge for me. They were able to tell me exactly what stops I needed on the Tube for everywhere I wanted to get to. They were great with wake up calls, room service, house keeping, and any other request I had. Their concierges, receptionists and bell boys were interesting, funny, accomodating and very attentive.The location is, hands down, ideal. St. James Park station is literally around the corner which made getting around a snap. The area is as safe as can be with the Scotland Yard across the street. So travelling as a single female it was a bonus. Going out to pubs was less frightnening with the area being so secure. There were two right in the area that stayed open later (11pm and 12am) than the average 8pm or 10pm pubs. I was able to walk from the hotel to Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, Parliament, The London Eye and Tate Modern. All were less than a 15 minute walk. For those who like to walk - I also walked along the River Thames for about 30 minutes which brought me to Shakespeares Globe and the Clink Musuem. Walking for about 45 minutes will bring you to London Bridge and The Tower of London. I really couldn't have found a more central hotel and that was key for getting so much done on my 3 day trip. Everything I just mentioned was done in a day because I could hop from one place to another so quickly on foot. I finished my day at a pub (called The Pub, really) about 3 minutes walking from the hotel. If you see it, I would avoid it unless you want authentic after work drunken Brits. Literally, it was a sight to see. Public drunkeness with women falling down in the streets and fighting in the bar. I'd been told about this before, but wow. It was a sight and the food wasn't worth the chaos. I decided to leave and call the hotels room service - GREAT CHOICE!When I got back to the room, I had them bring me a sandwich and hot cocoa. I can't even tell you how yummy the sandwich was (with the crusts cut off!) and the full pot of cocoa was Cadbury - simply delicious. There were also stashs of tea, coffee and cocoa in the room for instant, single cup, goodness. I turned in early as I knew I had an early morning ahead for Stonhenge, but before I did I hung my breakfast request on the door so I would have it delivered by 7am. Again, it was absolutely perfect. I'll admit that it was pricey ($34 American and an additional $14 to have it served in the room), but entirely worth it. I couldn't believe the amount of food they brought or how beautifully it was served or the deliciousness of it all. A large pot of coffee, a box of Special K with a pitcher of milk, a rather large pot of coffee, croissants, pan au chocolat with a dozen jams, jellies and nutella, sausages, bacon, hashbrowns, mushrooms and eggs. There was so much there thatI tucked some away in the fridge for later. The trip the hotel booked for me was great - they came and picked me up and dropped me back. From there, the staff was able to point me towards a number of options for dinner and drinks. The next day they also helped me get to Notting Hill, which was a quick trip from St. James' tube station. After a long day there I came back for dinner near the hotel at The Duke of York, right across from Victoria Station and surrounded by a number of theaters. Nice atmosphere, decent food.Again, I really enjoyed my stay at the Jolly. The bed was comfy, the tub was deep, the service was amazing, the prices were fair and/or justified, the location was INCREDIBLE, and I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 14 2007 	Such a shame could be wonderful	I booked this through the NH Hotels website - they have been taken over by NH. I was aware this could be hit and miss. Location: About a minute from St James tube, 5 minutes from Victoria, walking. You could carry cases from St James tube but not Victoria if you have a lot of luggage. Daytime, a number of shops open but remember this is mostly a commercial area so at night you can be a bit limited in the immediate area. There is a Sainsburys about 1 minute walk towards Victoria and restaurants at night towrds Victoria. The staff were WONDERFUL, helpful, enthusiastic and also the NH Hotel chan have kept on the same staff. However, as other reviews mention, there is a lot of refurb needed although some has already been done.I booked a superior double room - the first room I went to was TINY. I mean I couldnt even lie my suitcase flat on the floor although the room was furnished exquisitely. I asked for another room. The 2nd room was larger although still small about a foot room either side fo the bed but a small seating area about 5 x5 and this was in the &quot;refurbished wing&quot;. The standard of the refurb was awful, painted over doors etc, not good quality. However, it was really clean and effort had been made over and above the decor to make the room comfortable. It very much feels like they are trying to do the best with what they have. By the way, you dont get tea and coffee making facilities with the standard rooms, only superior and deluxe.I must amphasise that the staff were amazing though. In conclusion, I'm really sad to say you can get better quality hotels for the same price and I think the rooms are too hit and miss to stay again there. Its really sad as this could be a spectacular hotel. If you demand quality and value for money I would not recommend. If you value personal attention and not too worried about the room - then I would recommend it. Would not recommend to business travelers, not enough room to work.	
Aug 10 2007	Not that good :-(	Low price at this hotel means low quality, or at least in my experience.If I had paid full price for this room I would most definately have complained.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great location and good value	We stayed at the Jolly Saint Ermin’s hotel in Westminster for a long weekend (Saturday – Tuesday) for our second wedding anniversary. The hotel is very easy to find situated less than a minutes walk from St. James Park tube station and just opposite New Scotland Yard. Check-in was straight forward and we were given a room on the 5th floor. The lift is probably the narrowest I have ever seen! It is about as wide as an average person, this was a bit of a struggle with the cases but we managed. The room was very well appointed and looks like it had recently been refitted. The room had air conditioning which was a bonus. The bed was a little creaky and was only a standard double but this wasn’t really a problem. The lobby and outside of the hotel looks very grand and we always found the staff very friendly. We didn’t use the bar or the restaurant while we were there so can’t comment on those but there is a really nice bar called ‘The Feathers’ just next to New Scotland Yard.	
Jul 29 2007	NEEDS SOME TLC	Good points are fairly clear. It has a good location 100m from a tube station and for London is well priced. Our experience was that there was nothing urghh about the rooms or public areas. However it does not feel like a properly thriving hotel. The bar and restaurants do not feel connected to the rest of the hotel. One of the restaurants is only open at lunch and the evening one short hours. As it is part of an Italian hotel chain it seems to get most of its guests (bizarrely?) from Italy and as such feels a little odd. In summary fine for a 1 night stopover where you looking for a base but I think you would be disappointed if you wanted much more	
Jul 26 2007 	Great location worth considering if you get good internet deal	This hotel is a good choice if you want to be in Westminster. Excellent bus services into different areas of London are only a few minutes away as is the tube station. The hotel has an air of faded grandeur but is pleasant enough to stay in as a base. The staff were all helpful..We were lucky with our room which was reasonably spacious - some of the rooms we glanced in were very small. The room was kept clean with good housekeeping. There is the opportunity to upgrade at various prices, but we were happy with our room which although old fashioned was comfortable.Breakfast, in a very ornate dining room, offered a reasonable choice. I would stay in this hotel again if I got a good deal (we paid around £104 per night for a double room including breakfast). My husband asked to stay an extra night but the hotel quoted £222 for a single room - he moved elsewhere as this price was too expensive for the quality offered.	
Jul 26 2007	It OK but nothing special	Well where to start. I stayed for 2 nights on business as it was cheaper than some of the alternatives I had been offered.As Hotel it looks really impressive when you arrive you have a concierge waiting for you and a door man. Inside the reception area looks impressive and you are made to feel welcome.After checking in you discover any bag bigger than cabin baggage will not fit in to the lifts so have to be sent up by the concierge in there bigger lift. The lifts say it will hold 6 people but I thought any more than 4 was tight fit.When I got to my room my first impressions were it is a nice room with 2 single beds, couch, table, good sized wardrobe, and nice sized bathroom. On closer inspection was when you found the faults. The carpet had duck tape on top of a join to stick 2 pieces together. The wallpaper has obviously seen better days as it was hanging off the wall in corners and it looked mouldy. The shower worked but was defiantly not a power shower and just trickled out at a gentle pace. When I worked out how to use the Air con to cool the room down it worked well but it had no instructions and was intermittent at whether it wanted to work or not.If you use the stairs the carpet is badly thread bare in places and could do with replacing it. The breakfast was held in the ballroom. Food wise it was OK nothing special just OK. The downside was unlike many other hotels I have stayed out I was not offered Tea or Coffee from the staff, and they were struggling to clean tables. When staff did offer a drink to guests, it was normally to the foreign tourists first and then they only offered it to one or two.The hotel really does need some upgrading and redecorating to make it as nice as the photos on the website, but from my view it was not as bad as some the reviews but I also don’t think it was as good as some reviews made it out to be. The hotel is in an excellent location close to Victoria and Westminster with Scotland yard just outside. The hotel has a 4 crown rating I think it is a 3 star only but if it was renovated and made to look as nice as it could then it would easily be a 4 star.	
Jul 18 2007 	Functional not luxurious	We stayed here for one night in June as we had an early Eurostar train the next morning. As we checked in late at night we were pleased to find that the reception was open 24 hours. The room itself was very small and the bathroom smelt mouldy. Other than that I was happy and the breakfast was very nice. I would not recommend this to anyone wishing to stay for a long period as I think the general standard of the room would get wearisome. Location wise it is good for sight seeing if that is what you are here for. Staff were helpful and poilte.	
Jul 13 2007 	Grand public areas - bedrooms not so grand......	The hotel is in an excellent location for those wanting to explore central London. The hotel has a rather grand looking lobby and dining areas (although tired in places).We got a reasonable deal on a room although I think we were ripped off when we saw the standard. I'm not sure how many rooms have been re-decorated but ours certainly wasn't one of them. Everything about it was tired and shabby - the peeling wallpaper, the worn carpet, the dust filled air conditioner (although the a/c in itself a bonus in London!), the small (UK double) and worn bed, the moudly shower curtain and tiling round the bath and possibly the worst thing....our curtains were about 5cms too short for the window!! There was also no safe in the room which was a disappointment for a hotel of this star rating.The lift (elevator) is European in size and so those travelling with a large number of bags or of larger size might struggle! It was rather cramped with more than 2 people in there at once.Would I recommend - no, you can do better in London. Would I stay there again? Only if someone else was paying!	
Jul 13 2007 	Poor value for money	We also stoped on the 6th July for 5 Nights. If We had not already got a show booked on the 5th Night I would have left sooner. Was watching a mouse running around the caxton Bar on 3 nights we ate in there. I reported this twice, first time to bar staff and they just laughed and smiled. The second time to reception. They just made a note of it. No apology, no discount.No mice seen in the resturant. We paid over £900 FOR 5 Nights are room was small and also shabby. Large sign in reception offering upgrades at extortionate prices per night. I was reluctant to pay these prcies after the inital payment and extotionare bar prices. £28 for a bottle of house red in the caxton bar. I am not a skinflint by any means but do like cleaniness and value for money. Apart from that location great	
Jul 6 2007	Revolting	Without doubt this is the most revoting, filthy hotel in London	
Jul 4 2007 	Great location for the sights	Although part of a chain of hotels, the St.Ermins still retains it's own character. It's a 'period' style building, and still has plenty of original features to make it a little more interesting.Our room (543) was not massive, but it served it's purpose well. It looked like it had recently being decorated - and to a high standard.It was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was fine, with plenty of free toiletries and nice towels. Air con worked well (but the rest of the hotel seemed over warm considering the time of year - July)There are a limited number of parking spaces (24) but most people are not daft enough to bring a car into the centre of London (unlike us; not the best idea in the world, the congestion was terrible) so we actually didn't struggle to park the car at the hotel. The advertised rate is £24 per 24 hours, but we only got chargd £12 for 2 days (weekend special or a mistake?)However, the really great thing about this hotel is its location; 5 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace or Westminster Abbey. A little longer to the houses of Parliament, and about 15 minutes to the London Eye. If you're going further afield, St.James Tube station is about 2 minutes away, just round the corner.New Scotland Yard is adjacent to the hotel - so you know you are safe as there are plenty of police around!!Staff were generally friendly and helpful - with the expection of the concierge, who seemed like it was too much trouble for them when we asked for a taxi.....The area is quiet on a night time; good for sleeping, but if you want the night life of the city, it's a taxi ride away.We paid £109 per night (booekd 2 nights) for room only through hotels.com website. Overall, I'd say this is good value for the quality / location of the hotel, bearing in mind you're in central London. Saw the same room deals advertised as much more expensive on other website, so shop around!Be aware of expensive hotel bar prices though; £7.20 each for a whiskey and a Baileys.... I only wanted a glass; didn't want to buy the whole bottle!!	
Jul 1 2007 	a very satisfactory experience	We stayed at the Jolly St. Ermin's from the 19th to the 27th of June this year. Our first room was rather shabby but very large; however the sink did not drain well. We got moved to a room on the 6th floor which was very up-to-date and immaculately clean and there we stayed the whole trip. The staff were friendly and the concierge was very helpful.  The location is brilliant; under 4 minutes one direction to Buckingham Palace and the same in another direction to Westminster Abbey. The tube stop (St James Park) was around the corner. There was a Sainsbury (?) about 4 minutes away as well as a Pizza Express. Around the corner was a Starbucks for when the need for good coffee overwhelmed us. Across the street from the hotel is the very 50's building that houses New Scotland Yard so certainly the neighborhood is very, very safe. There was a mini-bar in the room and we used it it keep water cold or slid in a packet of cheese. We booked through Hoteldoorman about 2 months before our trip and got a price just under 100 GBP per night which included VAT and breakfast. The breakfast was fine and included both hot and cold options. The coffee was not very good but, with only a few exceptions, that was true most places we ate in London.Overall we were thrilled with the hotel, the staff and the location and would recommend it without reservations.	
Jun 29 2007 	Good location	Stayed here June 26th 2007 or 2 nights. Great location next to St James tube easy tube access to major areas of tourist interest. Requested a room in the new block on arrival after reading prior reviews on Tripadvisor but none available. Room was small but as expected in London but bathroom was ok. Poor aspects were really uncomfortable bed and the ac didnt seem to work well at all (per other reviews). Bar and restuarant prices are high as per most central London hotels. Ate in their restuarant and the food was very good quality if overly fussy waiters. For a short stay it was fine overall and would stay there again. The Thai restuarant in Grosvenor Place (short walk past Victoria St) was really good - called the Mango.	
May 25 2007 	Great Visit	My wife and I spend nine nights at the Jolly last month. We came, we stayed, and we were consummate tourists. Outside of the first night spent in an infamous “standard room” our stay was very enjoyable. About that “standard room”, according to the front desk, that grade of room is given to anyone on the discount circuit and those that book through a travel agent. We upgraded to a more spacious room on the fourth floor for an additional 50 pounds a night. May I also add that a full breakfast came with that up grade. (coffee was excellent,served in a timely manner and I had a personal jar of jam or honey if I wanted) Yes, the elevators are small – they work. Yes, the ice machine is non existent, ice comes from the bar – it was never a problem. Yes, if you patronize the Caxton Bar, the Hotel Restaurant, or purchase items in your personal fridge - you will pay dearly (example: one vodka/tonic 7 pounds &amp; change). While on the subject of expense, everything is expensive in London. The pound is equal to 2 dollars and you are spending pounds like they were dollars. Example: a pint of bitter at 4 pounds 50 pence, a paper back book for 6 pounds 99 pence, and before I forget, if you take a cab from Heathrow to the Jolly the rate is over 50 pounds. Guess what I’m trying to say is don’t blame the Jolly for up scale rates on things. Lastly, the people behind the scenes as well as in front are to be commended. They put our stay on a more personable level and we were never led astray. To Fabo, Jon, Vlad and Gary our most sincere Thanks.	
May 9 2007 	home of the $25 hamburger and $18 cocktail	Stayed in room 609 for two nights in April 2007. A/C DID NOT work and shower temperature control was stuck on very hot water. Room was very dated but clean. It is centrally located if that is important.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great Location and nice rooms	Stayed at the St. Ermin our last night in London. We had booked two rooms. At the time of check-in they told us one of the rooms had been upgraded (for no reason). My mother and I got the upgraded room and were impressed by its overall appearance. The bathroom was the largest bathroom I have ever seen in an English establishment. The hotel was ideally located. It’s right next to New Scotland Yard and so we had no qualms about walking around to all of our destinations. We walked around the corner to dinner that night and afterwards walked down the street to see Big Ben and Parliament at night.The only problem we had was trying to get breakfast the next morning. There was a massive number of people waiting to have breakfast in their moderate sized dining room. People had to wait a half-hour or more. I would recommend either eating in the dining room very early or going somewhere else to have breakfast.	
Apr 14 2007	Jolly time at the Jolly	Stayed at the Jolly on 11th April, arrived early ,12.30 and was going to leave cases and book in later but they found us two rooms ready to check in, most helpful. Room was good with all what one expects (including the &quot;get a mortgage&quot; min bar) although the view, as expected, was overlooking other high rise buildings around the hotel (we were on the 4th floor).Staff were friendly and breakfast was ample. Booked throgh Front desk and paid about £85 for a double with full breakfast (that they say is £16 !), most reasonable for centre London. We would use again if needing a place in town.	
Mar 12 2007 	Small Rooms	Nice clean room just small in size. Good quiet location away from the busy traffic on the roads. breakfast was very good and on a weekend ran from 7.30 till 11.00.	
Jan 30 2007 	Priceline rooms had a faded kinda ratty feel	Rooms:I also got a great rate on Priceline -- around $95 USD. I was shown to room 411 which I realized was not smoking so I asked the porter if he could call down and switch me to a smoking room. I don't usually smoke in my hotel room but I was hoping for a larger or renovated room since this one was small and very tired looking. He was able to accomodate my request and we went to Room 511 -- which was exactly identical in layout to Room 411. Oh well... was worth a try. Both rooms were small and had that cheaper hotel feel to it -- the blue carpet, 70's-ish multicolored bedspreads with matching drapes, cheap furniture, there's a picture on their website of one of these non-renovated rooms. Sorta reminded me of a 2-3* Best Western in a small town. I'm guessing the higher floor rooms that end in &quot;11&quot; have this layout and that they give these to Priceline customers first. You should be really happy if you get one of their newer rooms as featured on their website if you pay a PL price. I found the room a bit depressing and dark. The bathroom was very nice, however. Location: very good. no complaints -- tube is right there, many services available in the tube station itself. Great ground lamb or potato sambussa pastries in the convenience shop for around 80 cents. Can't complain for the price with how weak the dollar currently is but I've stayed in much nicer hotels with Priceline in London. I hope I don't end up here again...	
Jan 24 2007	Good price good location	We stayed at the St Ermin for 3 nights prior to catching a cruise in Southampton. It was perfect. The hotel has charm and the staff was very attentive. Breakfast was good and plentiful.Less than 1 block from St-James Tube station, a few blocks from Buckingham or Westminster, and a nice walk to Victoria Station.The price was reasonable and we had absolutely no complaints!We cheked out the morning of August 10 (when they had arrested people with explosives - airport was shut down etc.) Taxis were a nightmare to find, but the concierge managed to get everyone to their destination in no time.I would stay there again without hesitation!	
Jan 21 2007 	Loved it!!	This has to be the best trip to london for us yet, considering it was our fourth time to visit the city. We very much enjoyed the hotel, the first room we were assigned was really small, but a trip to the reception desk took care of the problem, including an upgrade for a small fee. The staff was very polite and helpful, especially the doorman getting taxi's for us. The location was a dream and the shopping area was awesome, we could look out our room window and see parliment. The hotel is located across the street from New Scotland Yard and we felt very safe. The staff was very well dressed and the hotel was very clean and tidy. Our room had nice amenities such as bath salts and bubble bath, tea service and a stocked fridge. Even the turn down service at night was nice and appreciated. The english breakfast was great even with all the calories. We are planning another trip to London and the Jolly Hotel St Ermins will be our first pick.	
Jan 21 2007	Just right for us	Booked it on Priceline for $91/night. That's cheap for London and one of the best values in London around. This hotel was perfectly located for us - it's within walking distance of many tourist sites and shopping. You walk 2 minutes around the block and you're in the metro and can go anywhere in London. The underground system is very easy to use and trains run often. You never wait more than 5 minutes for a train. Forget the taxis - they're expensive and unnecesary for tourists staying here. We never ate in the hotel, we had our breakfasts across the street in local restaurants - prices were fair and food was good. We had other meals as we travelled around London. There aren't many family restaurants close to the hotel by foot, but the metro takes you anywhere within minutes. As for safety, this hotel is ideal - it's right across from the New Scotland Yard! There are bobbies everywhere. We stayed twice in December - before and after a trip to Paris on the Eurostar. That's fun for families and so easy to do. Waterloo Station is just 10 minutes away. Everything ran very smoothly to Paris. On our initial stay we got stuck in the older part of the hotel - it was clean and certainly functional, but the beds were uncomfortable. On our return, the front desk upgraded us for free (after my gentle complaints about our earlier stay) into the newer section which was more modern and comfortable for my family. Overall, this hotel was perfect for us.	
Jan 16 2007	Very nice hotel	We stayed at this hotel from the 23th to the 26th of december 2006. We had a very nice stay. The room was ok and the bathroom very nice. The staff were very friendly. We thougth the room was a lillte bit cold - and they were very helpfull to show us how to turn up the temperture. If that was not enough - they would bring us more blanckets. They were all very servicemined. The breakfast was good too. The lobby is beautefull and there is a fireplace were you can sit and relax. We would stay there again, next time. The hotel is only 5 minutes walk from westminster Abbey - so christmas eve, we went there to the midnigth mass. It was fantastic!	
Jan 7 2007 	Good location average rooms	I think that previous reviews give enough detail on the location, facilities etc of the hotel. I have two main observations, one good and one bad.I checked out extremely late on my final day, as originally I had booked an extra night but ended up staying with friends. The very pleasant lady on the reception cancelled the extra night with no hesitation and did not charge me anything for the late afternoon check out.On the negative side, I changed room once due the the first room smelling very unpleasantly of cigarettes. The second room did not have the same problem, however the over bath shower was an absolute disaster. The ceiling was so low my head nearly touched, and the water pressure in the shower was barely enough to get wet.	
Jan 2 2007 	terrible experience	Very old fashioned and noisy with functions on till 3am. We requested a room change due to noise and were asked to pay an additional £278 per night... outragous... Bed also extreemely uncomfortable, an old fashioned bed where the springs could be felt when you lay down...	
Dec 23 2006 	Very good value	I stayed here for 3 nights &amp; paid $85 + tax through Priceline. which is a great price for a London hotel. It was so cheap I decided to splurge &amp; spend my last night in London at the Ritz.As other reviews have stated the location is great; about 2 minutes walk to the St James tube station.There's not that many restaurants around the hotel but there's a great Fish &amp; Chip shop called The Laughing Halibut on Strutton Ground St, just off Victoria street across the road from the hotel. There's more restaurant choices around Victoria which is about a 10 minute walk.I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 26 2006 	Good time at the St Ermin's!	My wife and I stayed at the St. Ermin's Hotel from November 15-19th. We were very pleased with the location and service. As other contributors indicated the location is ideal. We walked easily to many of the attractions including Parliament, London Eye, Buckingham Palace and even Trafalgar Square and Waterloo Station. The St. James Tube Station is very close, a 2 minute walk.Service in the hotel was very good. The room although not large or modern was well appointed and met all our needs. The decor of the hotel is nice, old British architecture. The ballroom where you have breakfast was particularly nice with old world charm. The only drawback is that the walls seem thin, which on one night was evident for about 30 minutes or so when a couple was being a bit romantic. Otherwise the amentities were fine. My wife and I have been to London many times and we would stay at this hotel again. Though beware as with any British pub, the pub at the hotel is very smokey which during the evening can affect the lobby area of the hotel. We booked the hotel through United Vacations which worked out well. The airfare was about $450pp, and the room to about $140 (U.S. dollars) per night with the package. This included continental breakfast which also was good.	
Nov 19 2006 	exceeded our expectations	the jolly is in a great location...easy walking to major sites..and amenities...i have been to london a few times ...and this was the best time ever...the room was immaculate and attractive....we had room for our luggage ,and room to move around..all the staff were warm and friendly..and helpful..even preparing a late night sandwich...(our room in paris was so cramped,this was a delight)..the price was fair and included an adequate breakfast..i hope to return with other family members ,and would never go elsewhere	
Nov 19 2006 	Great for the price	We stayed at the Jolly Nov 9-13 and then again Nov 16-18. Got the first five nights at 80USD and 16-18 at 68USD a night. The first room was got was on the 2nd and it was a good size for London. It was clean and just right for our purposes of having a place to sleep. You only get a few channels in English so channel surfing at night is interesting. The second room was on the 4th floor and quite a bit smaller then the one we had previously, but again for sleeping purposes it worked fine.There are only 3 negatives I would say about our stay here:1. We weren't able to get our room until about 5pm both times we checked in, but they did store our luggage so we could last least go out and do something while we waited.2. The lobby is FILLED with smokers. Coming from Florida where there is no smoking in public places, this was a little overwhelming, but the non-smoking rooms were just that non-smoking there wasn't a smoke smell even though there were a ton of smokers downstairs.3. In both rooms there seemed to be only two outlets working. So plugging in the camera charger left you without a light or tv, which was a little annoying, but nothing majorAll in all it was a nice stay, Would probably stay again if we make it back to London.	
Nov 6 2006 	Loved the location	3 Adults stayed at this lovely hotel for a week in September 2006. We had found the hotel over the net, but booked through a travel agent and requested a &quot;triple superior&quot; room. This was the only negative about the stay. When we arrived for our pre booked/paid for room, our triple superior room was a room with 2 beds and a small cot. The cot was a disappointment as it was a single, close to the floor and took up what ever available space was left in the room. Breakfast was good, with variety, room tended to be very warm. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Seating in the lobby and with the pub/lounge was nice with service extending onto the porch. Hotel was quiet, clean and in a good area within close walking distance to tube stations, Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey. Hotel was always gracious about getting a cab/taxi as the door man often had to walk to the curb or down the street to fetch the taxi. Great service!!!	
Nov 6 2006	Nice Hotel Great Location Worth the Money	We just got home yesterday from the UK and spent 3 nights in the Jolly St. Ermin's Hotel during our visit. We will definitely stay there again if ever in London. We booked the hotel through Priceline ($100/night) and felt that we definitely got our money's worth. The hotel was also in a great location...located in the Kensington area, approx 7 minute walk to the Victoria station and also within walking distance to many other tourist attractions like Buckingham Palace &amp; the London Eye. The hotel was lovely....decorated in Eduardian, Baroque style. The room was small, but enough room for the two of us to move around comfortably. We had a room with two twin beds. The beds were very comfortable...not too hard. The bathroom had a &quot;real&quot; tub &amp; shower which was roomy compared to that in other european hotels. The place is definitely well-kept and clean with a large range of bath items placed in the bathroom each day. The staff was very helpful and most gracious. They went out of their way to make our stay a nice one. The only downside is that breakfast is not included in the price of the room. If you prepay for breakfast, the continental breakfast is 7 pounds, and an English breakfast with eggs and meat is 17 pounds. The prices are 10 and 25 pounds if you do not prepay it. It may not seem like much, but considering that our USD is only worth about 1/2 british pound, we're paying twice the amount for everything. There is a little grocery/convenient store right around the corner that serves hot breakfast along with a variety of other foods. Breakfast there cost us just over 2 pounds and was very good. Again, the hotel is really nice...definitely a 3 1/2 to 4 star, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 31 2006 	Wonderful Stay in a Grand Hotel	It can be painstakingly difficult to find a decent, centrally located hotel for a reasonable price in London, but the Jolly St Ermin's more than satisfied those requirements. Situated across from Scotland Yard and just down the road from Westminster Abbey, this hotel is an easy 2 minute walk from St James station. My boyfriend and I spent 1 night here in May, and were thoroughly impressed with every aspect of the hotel. Initially attracted to it for the grand staircase we had seen in pictures, we were delighted to find that it was even more charming in person. However, unlike many other London hotels where 'charming' actually means small, cramped, and out-dated, the Jolly St Ermin's has a feeling of luxury and real character so often comprised in all the modern chain hotels. The rooms were spacious, clean, and modern, and best of all, when we came back after seeing Mary Poppins, there were chocolates on our pillows and classical music playing on the stereo. We didn't eat breakfast here, but we did sample the Caxton Bar (which seemed to have the most expensive drinks in London) and enjoyed being able to sip our beverages on the large and airy patio out front. I hate to point out a flaw in what was such a wonderful experience overall, but my only qualm is the misleading price on the website. We booked directly with the hotel for the advertised price of £89, but upon payment the tax was added making the price actually £110, suddenly not so much of a bargain! I'd highly recommend this hotel, but, as with anything, read the fine print before booking.	
Oct 24 2006	Very Good Hotel Great Location	4 of us stayed in 2 rooms from Sep 18 to 27, 2006. Both rooms were ready when we arrived about 10AM. The rooms where small, but very clean and had all the amenities of a 3.5 to 4 star hotel. The front desk staff were very helpful and friendly. There was a lot of remodeling going on during the day, which did not bother us at all. It was fairly quiet at night. I cannot comment of the restaurants, as we didn't use them, however the Caxton Bar was nice, but pricey. The only problems we encountered were that the icemakers on the floors were out of order throughout our stay and also, the broadband internet was only available in the lobby. It would have been nice to access it from the rooms, bars, balconies, etc. The hotel was very nicely located near St James Park Underground, just a few minutes walk from Westminster Abbey, Parliament and Buckingham Palace. There was a wide variety of fast food available within a minute or 2 walk from the hotel. A Sainsbury market was about 7 minutes walk. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2006 	ok for the price	We stayed there for a weekend in August. a very calm area, but great location. Not very far from &quot;life&quot;, something about 15 min. to walk. A littel bit disappointed of the rooms we had; very small and old, but clean. The service staff was very nice and friendly. A very good breakfast, too! would stay there again.	
Oct 21 2006 	A real winner!	Location, location, location. Short walk from Victoria Station and Green Park underground. Shopping- Marks and Spencer and Sainsbury's.This traditional registered property offers all the traveler might want or need, inhouse or nearby and a rare bargain for Central London via Priceline bidding.Reception: smiling and gracious even to those arriving earlier than check-in time. We were unable to have a non-smoking room at the moment but found no smoke odor in our larger than expected top floor room with a view of the towers of Westminster Cathedral, Parliament and Big Ben.Frig with one empty spot for your water but don't dare move their stocked items or you will be charged.Excellent air conditioner. Very clean. Firm mattress. Lumpy pillows. Coffee/tea setup. Only nine chanels of TV. Ice only from the bar. Good hors d'ouvres with drinks at the bar or room service.	
Oct 8 2006 	Nice Hotel Excellent Location	We spent a weekend in London this September and ended up with this hotel via Priceline, and we couldn't have been happier. The hotel was very nice and clean, and the staff was incredibly friendly. We showed up pretty late Friday -- around 10 p.m., but the bell staff still met us at the cab and handled all our luggage, which was a relief after lugging it around Heathrow and the train into the city.This is an older hotel, and our room on the 2nd floor was just fine. It had a comfortable bed, a small but decent bathroom and the air conditioner worked really well, which was good because it was in the mid 80s (~30C) on two of the days we were there.The location is excellent. It's an easy walk to Buckingham Palace one way and to Westminster Abbey (about 2 blocks) the other, and then another two blocks beyond that to Big Ben and the London Eye area. If you're going further, the St. James Park tube station is about a block away from the hotel, and as others have mentioned here, you're right across the street from Scotland Yard, so it's a safe area to walk around.One thing that caught us a little off guard -- that area appears to be a business district, so a lot of things around the hotel are closed or have limited hours on the weekends. There are a good number of pubs around that area for cheap but good food and drinks, but again, they seem to close earlier on weekends, so keep that in mind. We are big Starbucks fans and there is a Starbucks right behind the hotel, but it's closed on weekends. (We did find another Starbucks on Victoria street about 2 blocks away that is open more usual hours, so we were still able to get our fix :) ) The Tube entrance immediately behind the hotel is also closed on weekends, but there is an alternate entrance just about 50-100 yards away that is open all the time. Back to the hotel, the elevator is amusingly narrow (I guess the elevator was an add on well after original construction/design) and getting more than 2 people on there would be pretty challenging, and best of luck getting you and luggage in there, but the bell staff is well aware of the limitation, and they handled getting the luggage to our room (might have just walked it up the stairs) and then also helped us get it down when we checked out.All in all, a very pleasant stay and we would definintely stay there again next time we go to London.	
Oct 1 2006 	An OK Hotel in a great location.	Don't want to repeat everything that is already posted, but I relied a lot on tripadvisor in selecting this hotel so wanted to give my input.Stayed here for 9 nights from Sep 20 to 29 2006. Here are the highlights, and disapointments.- wasn't flexible on my dates so had to pay full price which was probably around $280 per night (was part of a package so I'm not sure what the hotel rate was) - this hotel is not worth this price by canadian and I'm sure by U.S standards.- agree with the post below, while we were given a non smoking room I found the number of smokers in the hotel appaling. Everywhere you go in the halls, lobby etc, its all you can smell. Even the non smoking area to eat in was useless cause it all comes blowing in from the outside area.- found the price of the food to be quite expensive and not worth it.- the staff were helpful, but a few were a bit snobby. There was one concierge guy who was very helpful.-the 'free' continental breakfast became tiring very fast. It never changed although it was decent. The servers were not good at serving coffee and tea often enough and a few times I had to get up and just go grab the pot and pour it myself rather than waiting for them to come around with it.- the room was clean and neat. a bit run down and again, not impressive by north american standards. One main reason for staying here is that all rooms have a private bathroom with a tub. I needed this cause i was with my mother. I was too worried about getting a smaller, cheaper hotel that only had a stand up shower.- TV, not good. They only give you a few english channels on the TV, BBC of course, but no CNN, or other major networks. I didn't think this would be a big deal but when you want to just relax at night it was very annoying not having anything to watch.- INTERNET, they have a business center but they SOAK you with how much it costs to use. 3 pounds for only 15 min!! I was hoping for maybe free internet use in the lobby like many north american hotels. No way you are getting anything for free at this hotel.Would I stay here again? Maybe, but I would first go to a lot of effort and talk to many people for other choices out there. The location is great so that its selling point.The hotel is very nice looking, nice lobby and has that old english charm, but after that novelty wore off I found myself wishing for the comforts of just a holiday inn, or other major chain.	
Sep 24 2006 	Not what I had hoped for	I got this hotel through Priceline for $95/night. Location is good, except that I stayed there on a Saturday, Sunday and Monday and the area was just about dead. The hotel is in a pretty good location and the Tube is right around the corner. Walking distance to a lot of the things you might go to London to see.The checkin and out was smooth, the staff was generally pretty helpful and I loved the Caxton Bar in the hotel. Went there every night and the main barman was as friendly and helpful as they get. Plenty of pubs around there were open, but not all of them. Must mostly be a business area and the weekends pretty much everything seemed to either be closed or had very short hours.The single major issue I had with the hotel was that I asked for and got, a non-smoking room but because the room didn't have air conditioning( and it was plenty warm ) I had to open the windows to get anything close to cool air. The problem became that at least every 30 minutes or so( until 2-3 in the morning) someone was outside, just below my window smoking, so it was like I WAS in a smoking room. Also, while every room on my floor had a no smoking sign on the door, there was a LOT of strong smoke odors in the hallways and especially around the elevators. And forget about the public areas of the hotel, smoke central.The room itself was clean and neat and had no smell of smoke at all, but that didn't mean it was pleasant. The one thing that helped was that I wasn't in the room often as I was off looking at the city, but trying to sleep was miserable.Now I admit that this might simply have been a case of bad luck, and were you to get a room in a different location or a different time of year, it might be an OK place to stay. But I won't stay there again.	
Sep 24 2006 	Old Style Hotel in Excellent Location	We stayed in the Jolly for 4 nights in Sept 2006. The hotel is in the heart of London, in Westminister, the location could not be better. Its right across from New Scotland Yard, with plenty of police presence. Its easy walking distance to many attractions, the tube is just around the corner, and Victoria Coach Station and Victoria Station are within easy walking distance. The lobby is grand to look at, the rooms are rather dated and worn, but were very clean. We booked through Priceline for about $95 a night. The problem was they wanted to put us in an odd room, that was very small. When the door lock failed and could not be repaired in a timely fashion, we complained and they put us in a nicer room. Good value for a tourist hotel, the lifts are very small. Beware that if through Priceline they may want to put you in one of their worst rooms.	
Aug 21 2006 	Good for the price	I stayed here with a friend for 3 days at the end of July, 2006. We booked for a very good price, $90 per night, on Priceline. The lobby is beautiful, very old fashioned. The elevators are very small. The room was nice, although it was musty smelling when we first arrived. The twin bed mattresses were not too comfortable, they sunk in the middle. Otherwise everything was okay, the bath was nice too except the toilet wouldn't flush if another room was running water! But overall a comfortable safe place to stay. The concierge always helped with obtaining taxis and other information. We ate the breakfast buffet once but even the continental breakfast was very expensive. We also ate dinner at the Italian restaurant in the hotel one night and found it to be good but extremely expensive. This hotel was in a convenient location, we chose to take taxis and did not have to pay much to ride to different sights or to Victoria Station. There was a nice balcony and veranda on the first and second floors to sit and relax. We bought international phone cards at Victoria Station and were able to use them at the hotel to call home with only a 50 pence charge for each call. For a budget traveler, this is a very good choice, if you eat elsewhere.	
Aug 17 2006 	Awesome!	We stayed here in May of '05 and decided to come back in Dec because of its fantastic location--right by the tube station, close to Westminster, Parliament, etc. Staff was pretty friendly...loved the happy hour at the bar!!! The rooms were fairly small-ish, but that's to be expected in Europe I suppose. We asked for the same room we stayed in last time (facing the courtyard) and they accommodated our request. The elevator was freakishly small so don't bring huge luggage. Overall, I was very satisfied and would definitely book the same hotel when we go back to London!	
Aug 4 2006	Great Location	Stayed at the Jolly for three nights checking out Aug 1st to return to Canada. Although the most expensive place we stayed during our 3 week stay in the UK we were not disappointed. We stayed in a deluxe room which was a great size. A Buffet Breakfast was included with lots of choice of not only what to eat but when. The Jolly is in a great location and as this was our first visit to London, this was the biggest advantage for us. If I had to say anything negative about the Jolly it would be that the smell of smoke at times was strong around the hotel but hopefully next year when the No Smoking law takes effect that will disappear. We definitely recommend this hotel to stay at. Thanks for an enjoyable stay.	
Jul 28 2006	Good tourist hotel	We stayed at St. Ermin’s for four nights in early July, paid $77 (+ tax and fee)/night through Priceline. Upon arrival even before checking in, we were offered a porter, which never happened at any other hotels we stayed at, including large US-based hotels, during our 20-day UK trip. We switched rooms once (from a double bedded to a twin-bedded room) and the porter took care of this process very efficiently. Our twin-bedded room was on the top floor and was well air-conditioned. After a long train trip on a hot day, it felt just so good. The room had nothing fancy, but was fairly large and clean and had everything we needed. The lighting was not as bright as we’d like, but we got used to it. Shower pressure was good. Several international TV stations were available, including the Japanese channel, which was a nice surprise for us. It seemed that smoking was allowed in the lobby or part of it. There was a gelato stand on the grand floor. Though the gelatos there were quite expensive and tasted mediocre, we found that the man working there in the evening was quite amusing!As many previous posters mentioned, the hotel is in a good location within walking distance to many tourist attractions. In addition, Starbucks is just behind the hotel and Sainsbury’s can be found on Victoria Street. We enjoyed our stay at St. Ermin’s and certainly we would stay there gain.	
Jul 17 2006	Excellent hotel	I stayed at the hotel for the weekend with a group of girlfriends to celebrate a forthcoming marriage and would highly recommend it. The hotel was excellently located near beautiful St James Park and within walking distance to most major sights eg Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, London Eye, Trafalgar Square. The Hotel maintained a high standard of decor and cleanliness in all areas. The bedrooms were clean and very quiet and the beds extremely comfy. Our Bathroom was very spacious. The service in the hotel reception, restaurant and bars was excellent. Drinks are pricey but that comes with being in London. The breakfast offered an extensive choice and was very nice. Tip if you like English tea make your own at the buffet rather than have it poured unless you like milky water! The hotel is part of an Italian chain. We enjoyed a bottle of champagne on the upper terrace which was very nice and I would recommend on a summers day/evening. The lower terrace was a bit cold &amp; smoky. All of the hotel staff were friendly and helpful at all times and I think this hotel is well worthy of its 4 star status.	
Jul 9 2006 	Perfect location	I've stayed at this hotel many times on business. Its perfectly located if you are working/meeting in Westminster or if you are looking to stay near Big Ben, Parliament etc. It used to be used by MPs during the day and still has a bell that was sounded when Parliament was in session. Some of the rooms can be on the small side but they are all well decorated, clean and have everything you need.It can be a little pricey as it's heavily used by the business community but if you can find a good price it's a gem of a place. The staff are always very helpful!	
Jul 7 2006	Coldhearted Front Desk	Just returned from Trip to London and Paris. We arrived at the hotel at 11:30am. The front desk manager laughed at us and smirked saying &quot;didn't you know that the check-in time is 2:00pm !&quot;. He assured us there was nothing he could or would do. We slept in the chairs in the lobby exhausted from our red-eye flight. We were the only guests waiting in the lobby and did not dare ask that a room be cleaned and available before 2:00pm. As my children were hungry and a hamburger cost $18 at the hotel, I ran around the corner and bought 2 cups of chicken soup. When my children ate these in the lobby, the cold-hearted front desk manager asked a reluctant staff member to request my children to eat in the parking lot (the staff member apologized and stated that he was asked to do this). At 2:00pm when I checked in the manager acted as if I had just arrived even though he watched me wait for 150 minutes. Every day when we saw this particular front desk manager (younger, Italian fellow) he stared us down. Every item I put in the free security box was handled and scrutinized by this desk mmanager who laughed at each item I put in the box, particularly found my extra digital camera funny - I don't know why). At the end of our stay, as not to be screwed on our bill- problem other reviewers have cited), I spoke at length with an older front desk manager (apparently more senior than our arrogant friend). He apologized for the actions of the younger man but it seemed all too familiar to him. He stated he would have a serious word with the cold-hearted one but offered nothing further. On the positive side, the hotel was pretty clean and in a great location close to Buckingham Palace and St. James park and the Underground. I think this hotel is better suited for Italian visitors and businessmen. It's a tradeoff between these assets and a front desk staff that is heartless and arrogant (they could learn a lesson or two from the maids and other workers who were quiet friendly.) Also of note, I travel extensively and have never experience a concierge so reluctant to help with any questions. Luckily our Paris experience was quite the opposite!	
Jun 27 2006	Good value for London	I stayed at the St. Ermin for 4 nights, on the plus side the hotel is very convient to everything including St.James park and within walking didstance form Buckingham Palace and a variety of other attractions. The tube station is just behind the hotel and you could not feel any safer with all the police patrolling around New Scotland Yard. You have access to a number of Pubs and a choice of dining. As a single traveler I usually do not expect much from a single room but in the case of the St Ermin my room was spacious and clean although the interior could do with some updating. The staff was professional and curtious. The walls are thick and you do not hear any noise from the adjacent rooms.  I did run into one problem, when they assigned me my room I was put at the same level as the second floor veranda and had a group of 100 plus screaming fans drinking and watching the World Cup. They could look right into my room or even hand me a beer if I wanted one. When I asked to be moved to another room there was some hesitation about moving me. I was told the hotel was booked and would have to make due. I politely insisted to be moved and I was finally accomadated. If you are going in the height of the summer make sure you get a room that is air conditioned. Other than that the St. Ermin is a good quality tourist class hotel and I would stay there again.	
Jun 27 2006	We would stay here again	My wife and I spent two nights in mid May at the Jolly and we both enjoyed it very much. It's not really a four star, but it is really clean and nicely kept. The staff is fine and the location is wonderful. Even a taxi driver who picked us up from seeing &quot;Les Miserables&quot; thought it was a great pick for it's proximity to so many attractions that others have wriiten about.The neighborhood is safe. How could it not be since Scotland Yard is across the street? Lot's of places to walk to and the Tube is very close as well. When we return to London some day we would certainly stay here again.	
Jun 14 2006	Wonderful Hotel!	Great location, wonderful service and superb food at the Allegro Con Brio Resaturant. Try the buffet BBQ on the terrace for lunch, great value and atmosphere..	
Jun 5 2006	Very nice stay.	Very nice stay at this hotel--the bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom. Very nice and helpful staff.The location, as the prior posters have stated, was unbeatable. Would try to stay there again if we ever return to London..Got a great deal on Priceline--$77/night--the hotel's website was close to $300/night	
Jun 3 2006	Fantastic	Just returned from a fantastic stay at this hotel. I travelled with my fiancee and my grandparents and couldnt of wished for a better hotel.The staff were great, helpful and friendly and were happy to assist in any possible way. We booked a deal through lastminute which included breakfast, to which i have no complaints. The breakfast was plenty and fresh and the best thing was you got to help yourself.We did eat at the hotel in the evening, beware the retaurant menu is pricey, however the bar menu ids very resonable and portions are tasy and large.The location of the hotel is unbelievable you are minutes walk from majority of the major attractions, Big BEN, Westminster Abbey, The palace and New Scotland yard to name a few. We also booked tickets for the original london bus tour which was a great way to see the city as first time visitors on a tight schedule. The terminal at victoria station was also just a 5 minute walk away.We visited the london palladium during our stay which was also amazing ( we watched the Sinatra show) the theatre is just a 5 minute taxi ride away (£7).I would definatley reccomend this hotel and would definatley retrn on my next trip to london.	
Jun 3 2006 	a sanctuary	I chosed this hotel as I was on a business trip and the company I visited was close by.I did find the hotel very charming, lovely interior with comfortable lounge areas for a high tea or an after-work drink. The hotel chain caters especially for italian guests so most information was provided in both English and Italian. Rooms are a bit on the small side but clean &amp; comfortable and sheets changed daily, I liked that you hade many various types of lamps in the room and especially two various types by the bed. Depending on if you just wanted to read or have a more bright light.The breakfast is no surprise but over all it is a lovely hotel with a quiet and peaceful location. The foreign staff try to help you as much as they can ( and understand). The area is not crowded with tourists but many attractions are within walking distance. There are plenty of local pubs and restaurants and I find them more exciting than the ones on the tourist track as these are in residential areas. It is likely I will stay at St Ermins again on one of my future trips to London	
May 31 2006	Pleasantly surprised...	We stayed here from 26/5/06 to 29/5/06 and having read some reviews on here (after I had already booked on-line 3 months ago) I was not confident I had made the right choice. However I need not have worried, our Superior room, on the 6th floor, was clean and comfortable and well-equipped. Although we checked in early it was ready and we were expected and able to move straight in. Reception staff were efficent and friendly. We found the decor to be in good order and the hotel had a good, slightly faded-grandeur but nothing unpleasant, feel about it. Like everything Italian it was not perfect - the lifts stop anywhere they like - but it had character and charm. Towels and sheets were crisp and clean.The location is brilliant - you can walk to the theatre easily - we saw Chicago at The Cambridge. If you want to eat nearby walk up to the Victoria Rd and try The Albert.It is also really handy for the tube, 2 min walk around the corner. A 10 min walk takes you to Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament; a 15 min walk will get you to Trafalgar Square. Breakfast (we had Full English as part of a 3-night package for £297 for 2 adults) was fine. Service was a little erratic (sometimes they ran out of cereal bowls or spoons) but made up for by the excellent bacon and decent coffee. All in all we were happy with our experience and would stay here again.	
May 30 2006	Great Place to Stay	A friend and I just spent a week (7 nights) at the Jolly St. Ermins. After reading the very mixed reviews here I was a little concerned before I arrived and was very happily surprised. Although the grand public spaces may be &quot;4 star&quot;, I would rate the room we stayed in slightly lower. But when I go to a hotel I'm not looking for top-of-the-line luxury. I'm looking for clean and quiet and comfortable, and the St. Ermins more than fit the bill.The size of the room was plenty large for 2 people; with 2 single beds, a desk and chair, and an armchair by the window. The bathroom was large. The room was clean and well maintained, and the daily maid service was fine. The lighting was kind of dim at night and a good reading light would have been nice. But otherwise we really had no complaints at all about the room.Our room rate included the continental breakfast, which was just fine. After a week the unchanging selection of foods did get a little boring, but between the cold cerial, pasteries, fruit, youghurt, and other selections there was always plenty of food to start the day.The staff was uniformly helpful and friendly.The location couldn't have been better. The Tube was just around the corner, with easy connections (50 minutes) to Heathrow Airport. A 10-minute walk took us to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, and other tourist attractions in the area.All in all, we were extremely pleased by the Jolly St. Ermins. I would definitely recommend it to tourists looking for a reasonably-priced (by London standards) base of operations in the middle of town.	
May 9 2006	Lovely Hotel!	Stayed at this hotel in April for 1 night and booked through Lastminute at a very cheap rate.The room was clean and adequet, which is all you need!The hotel lobby and restaurant were lovely and all the staff we encountered throughout could not have been more friendly and helpful.Would definately recommend this hotel!	
May 8 2006	Fab location.	Me and my husband stayed 2 nights for a romantic break. On arrival we were greeted by friendly reception staff. We had been upgraded to a superior room, big bed, good room size, good shower and clean, bright decor. Location of the hotel was fantastic, and agree with other reviews that this sells the hotel. The breakfast....we had included full english but on both mornings of our stay we had to wait for certain items to be cooked. It was also self service, which for a 4 star hotel surprised us. Whilst waiting on the breakfast on the first day my husband had to run and reclaim our table, that had been cleared of our coffee and fruit juice!! This appeared to happen to a few people so beware and place a jumper or jacket on the back of your chair.The breakfast arrangement were dissapointing and disorganised. We would return again because of the location, but felt a little let down because we were expecting more class from a 4 star hotel.	
May 2 2006	definately try this out!	We booked this hotel through last minute for £69 for the night, double room with breakfast. Initally after reading the reviews here I had thought for the price we would be given a tatty room, but nooo!! On arrival even the receptionist seemed surprised at the price we had paid, and our room had been upgraded for some reason to a superior queen room. It was room no 005 and was very clean, large-ish and really no complaints. The staff were very helpful, breakfast was fine (I would recommend the scrambled eggs!) and the location could not be faulted, being a 10 minute walk away from Victoria station and right beside st james park. Fantastic!	
Apr 23 2006	Big disappointment	I appreciate that at £79/night you shouldn't go expecting the Ritz, and I know there's a balance to be sought in London between budget deals and quality accomodation, but given that the rack rate for this hotel is £221/night B+B I felt distinctly short-changed! The Jolly St Ermin is shabby and in desperate need of renovation to rooms and public areas (torn carpet and broken handrail on staircase was a downright danger), which was a huge disappointment given that we'd booked our two nights in March '06 as a rare romantic treat. The room itself was a fair size for London, although let down by a torn and dirty carpet, peeling wallpaper and curtains that had obviously been made for a much smaller window. The bathroom was a reasonable size and fairly clean once I'd removed the remains of the previous occupant's toothpaste from the sink and taps (yuck), although the bath/shower mixer tap was temperamental to the point where it was necessary to run a bath half an hour in advance to allow time for the water to cool sufficiently enough to get in.A buffet-style full English breakfast was included in our deal, although the policy seemed to be 'quantity' rather than 'quality', and I am in total agreement with Tracytoad3008's review: attempt the scrambled eggs at your peril! In fact, the breakfast was so off-putting that on day two my boyfriend, whose one stipulation when booking our break had been &quot;make sure we get somewhere that does a full English&quot;, actually went for the Continental breakfast rather than face the rubbery reheated bacon, grey eggs and congealed beans for a second time. The £33 breakfast surcharge for non B+B guests is daylight robbery. Service from the staff was courteous and helpful but the one saving grace of this hotel is it's location - literally round the corner from St James Park tube station and just a short walk to the river and Westminster in one direction or Buckingham Palace in the other. It's just a shame that the hotel itself was such a let-down when it could, if properly renovated, be so much more. Definitely NOT a 4* hotel!!	
Apr 22 2006	Pleasent Hotel	Spent 2 nights here which I enjoyed. Room fine - clean. Beautiful foyer. Expensive bar. Not great breafast service. Avoid 9.00 am on wards because it is very busy and you can't always get what you want. Staff very helpful I would certainly go back.David, Belfast	
Apr 20 2006	Fantastic Location	Stayed for 3 nights over Easter. Booked through [-----------]for only £210 in total which included breakfast. Sadly, as the hotel was very busy, we were allocated a very small double facing the back of the hotel (no 315). It was very shabby, curtains were ripped &amp; couldn't even be shut properly. As there wasn't any sunlight getting into the room, it was very cold, which wasn't helped by the air-con only blowing out cold air. Thankfully, the hotel gave us a heater for the room. For the last night, my boyfriend suprised me by paying £40 for an upgrade. The room (207) was much better, kingsize beds &amp; storage space which was lacking in 1st room - really what you would expect in a 4 star hotel and it faced the front - we were also now classed as 'VIP guests' which allowed us access to a small restaurant where we could have breakfast seperate from the commoners !! I think perhaps they are gradually doing up the rooms - but if staying, its worth looking at the carpet. If when walking along hallways to your room, the carpet is a bright clean pinkish pattern, your room is likely to be very good. But beware the shabby dark red carpet ... !Breakfast is good - served buffet sytle - would recommend that where possible you book the room with full breakfast. Many guests seemed to try &amp; change from continental to full just before being seated for breakfast &amp; the additional charge seems high. Where possible, if having eggs, have boiled, fried etc - the scrambled egg is just revolting !Location wise though was fantastic, Scotland Yard at the bottom of the road, St James Park tube around the back of the hotel &amp; the beautiful park itself a few minutes away. From here it is so easy to walk or catch a tube to all the major sights in London and as always London was just amazing. Because of the location, I would definitely stay in this hotel again, but perhaps would try for an upgrade earlier into the trip.	
Apr 10 2006 	Good and Bad	We are regular hotel users world wide. Stayed 4 nights in March on business visit:excellent location near to QE 2 Conference Centre but otherwise a quiet area with few restaurants and evening attractions. Nevertheless, not far, walk (15 minutes), or bus to West End etc. Fairly attractive public areas but our room was very small and faded. Washbasin despite several calls was never unblocked and request to move met with a pretty uninterested response despite rapid turn over of rooms. Seems mainly geared to Italian tourist trade (not sure why called Hilton as owned by Jolly an Italian Group). Staff generally not interested and reception attitude could be unfriendly and geared to charging for everything. Food is pile it high with average quality and poor variety although carvery lunch seemed good value but again pretty basic and geared to amount. Breakfast (ours was included, although if not it was charged at an exhorbitant rate),room service breakfast arrived cold and we eventually got the morning paper we requested. We had an &quot;executive room&quot; (as said above was extremely dissapointing, which included use of separate lounge for breakfast and evening complimentary drinks etc - not sure it was worth it. Overall an overated hotel that needs to spend money on an upgrade and agree with another reviewer that more a 3 star but then location means a lot and probably trades on that a bit too much. Overall it appeared to lack management intervention and direction and staff left to get on with it rather too much.	
Apr 7 2006	ok 4 star hotel	A hotel which is large, grand but needs refurbishment. Room was dated and of the early 90's. Very small bathroom. The breakfast was fine. Small lifts. Located just opposite New Scotland Yard.	
Mar 16 2006	Great Value and Location	Stayed here for 4 nights in early/mid March 2006. We used Priceline to get the hotel room and paid $100/night. We had a nicer view since we were in the front of the hotel. The back view isn't as nice and looks to be under construction. The room was clean and pretty spacious. Beds were comfortable enough and had clean sheets, which I am always paranoid about. Bathroom was plenty large and very clean. Linens were also clean and had no stains. Staff was very helpful and addressed any and all questions we had. The location is wonderful. The hotel and the nearest tube stop (St. James) are right across from Scotland Yard so there were always armed police standing near the hotel. There are also several convenient breakfast spots right by the hotel. It's also within walking distance to Westminster Abbey, Parliament, London Eye, and Buckingham Palace. No more than a 2 minute walk to the St. James tube stop either. This hotel is also very close to Victoria Station, if you're coming via the Gatwick Express. It's probably a 10 minute walk and it's easy to navigate. We would definitely stay here again, especially for the rate we paid.	
Mar 5 2006	Would definately stay here again	Stayed here in March booking through Lastminute's 'secret hotels' so got the room plus breakfast for about £70 a night - very good. The room was good - fairly smallish though but not too bad, the bed had great little directable reading lights which were very good. The bathroom was fine but it was a shower over the bath and the ceiling height was quite low - my husband had to duck a bit as he is over 6 foot. Breakfast was okay - not really a 4 star buffet though as they had tubs of butter/jam etc so you had to butter your bread etc at the buffet. Also, the waiters came round with tea/coffee eventually but you had to wait a while and the tea was fairly undrinkable. (One poured my husband some coffee and it was about 1/2 cups worth of dreggs at the end of the jug and he actually asked if that was okay and seemed surprised when my husband said no and could he have some fresh stuff and a whole cup of it!)The decor was very ornate and special and looked great, however the communal areas smelt quite strongly of smoke so we didn't hang around much to appreciate it.Location was great - a minutes walk from St James Park tube and walkable to a lot of tourist attractions (Buckingham Palace, Westminster, London Eye, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square etc). Will definately be staying here again!	
Feb 24 2006	loved Jolly St Ermin's very good value	Stayed in this hotel last Friday night (17th Feb.) We only paid £69.00 for two of us including breakfast, not bad for a hotel so close to Westminster. We were upgraded to a Queen room which we found spacious and very clean. Bathroom fine. The hotel reception rooms are very grand, especially the foyer and restaurant in which breakfast is served. We were delighted when we found the price included a full English breakfast! We came to London at the last minute especially to see 'A Man for All Seasons' with Martin Shaw which was wonderful. We were able to walk to the Haymarket Theatre through Parliament Square and up Whitehall, so didn't need a taxi.Reception were both courteous and helpful, a thoughly enjoyable stay.	
Feb 23 2006 	Not 4 star but 3 star	Booked this hotel for £54 ($75) each for two nights with Priceline. Check in time was 2pm and I arrived at 2:20pm but had to wait until 2:45pm for my room. In the room the carpet had been repaired by using gaffer tape. Also they left copies of The Express newspaper which I didn't ask for or read, but they tried to charge me 40p each for them. Didn't pay - never have and never will pay for that newspaper. Overall OK for the price but I don't think it deserves Priceline's 4 star rating.	
Feb 23 2006	Check in time	I arrived at the St. Ermins at 8pm to be told my room was not ready - I had to wait in the foyer until housekeeping got their act together. Totally unacceptable.	
Feb 15 2006	very average.	only paid £79.00 for a twin room with breakfast and got what i paid for. stayed at this hotel a few years ago and the hotel has deffinately gone downhill since being taken over by a different hotel group, both in service and quality. the rooms are very small, and you can just about turn around in the bathroom, (very cheap toiletries, so take your own) breakfast was ok but deffinately nothing special. rooms have obviously been recently redecorated but not to a high standard and the furniture in the bar/lounge area is worn. I was very dissapointed this time and wont return again,, I would now rate this hotel as 3 star.	
Feb 13 2006	Typical charming british hotel	If you do not expecxt a modern hotel right in the middle of a shopping area, this is the perfect hotel for you.we stayed at the Jolly St. Ermins for 2 nights and loved the atmosphere.Location:The hotel is located right at St. James Park underground station, 5 minutes walk from St. James Park, Buckingham Palace, Parliament and Big Ben.There are some nice Pubs around, but to reach the shopping areas around Covent Garden or Oxford Street you need to walk 30 minutes or take the underground.Since it is in a side street location is very silent. Lots of polimen around since Police Headquarters is just across the streetHotel:Typical british atmosphere, impressive Lobby, the most wonderful Bar with two fireplaces. The hotel is old but in very good condition. Rooms:Good size, well equipped, comfortable beds. Our first room looked into an inner court with a noisy fan. So they changed us to another room with nice view to main entrance, very silent. All members of the staff are very friendly and helpful.Bar:as I said, one of the nicest hotel bars I know, very expensive - they charge 7,5 Pounds for a small Whisky, but worth at least a drink. And early evening they serve free sandwiches.we did not eat at the hotel since there are so many places with good and cheap breakfast, no need to spend money at hotels.We will definitively come back, this became our favourite hotel in London. We loved this silent area, always nice when you come from the noice around Picadilly back to the hotel and to be sure you can have a silent sleep.	
Feb 9 2006	Adequate not great	I spent one night the third week of January, 2006 after winning a $90 bid on Priceline. This is an old Victorian building that's rather drab. Front desk clerk was helpful, perky and efficient. Very small elevator b/c of retrofit to old structure. My non-smoking room was small and depressing with a view of the interior courtyard (and other rooms). Bathroom was modern but unremarkable. The best feature was the predominately Italian crowd at the breakfast buffet... it made my stay seem &quot;non-Londonish.&quot; (The Jolly is an Italian hotel chain.) Overall I got what I paid for, but I would be seriously disappointed if I had paid more or was there for more than an overnight stay. Location is easily walkable to Victoria Station and Westminster tourist sites, and close to the St James Park tube.	
Feb 5 2006	A GREAT HOTEL	I took my 11 year old grandson on his first European trip and we stayed at this hotel. I have stayed at other hotels in London on previous trips but Hotel Jolly St Ermin is at the top of the list. The rooms were more spacious than expected, they were clean and quite comfortable for the few times we wanted to just relax between sightseeing to write out cards or plan the next day's adventures. It was located within walking distance to many of the places I had wanted to show my grandson such as Westminster Abbey, Big Ben and the Parliament buildings. The Tube station was conveniently located and he was impressed with the hotel being around the corner from New Scotland Yard. The continental breakfasts had everything to suit both my taste and his. The staff could not have been more helpful with our questions. I would stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Jan 16 2006	Charming hotel	Very nice hotel in an excellent location (3 minutes walk to Westminster; 5 mins. to Victoria; 10 mins. to Trafalgar Square). Superior rooms are charming, modern, spacious and have a big bathtub; Standard rooms are less spacious and do not have a nice view, but are fairly well equipped. The reception staff is usually very efficient and the english breakfast is good. The hotel is located in an historic building, lobby and ballroom have original stucco decorations. I would definitely choose to stay here again.	
Jan 15 2006	Lovely time	There appears to be a mixture review on this hotel. I would like to say that i had a lovely time at the hotel. i spent 2 nights there and was completely satisfied with all of my stay. I room are equpied with all you need, the hotel staff are more than happy to help you and the hotel is in a great location. I would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 14 2005 	Only Ok	I stayed here in Nov 2005 due to work committments and would rate this hotel as fairly mediocre. True, its in a great location and I think it tends to rely on this a little too much to get people in through the door.I expected a small room with it being in central London but I also expected a room safe and there wasnt one. Having been a victim of hotel theft on more than one occasion this was important to me. I found myself hiding my valuables in a couple of obscure places and hoped the thieves were having a night off.Breakfaist was disapointing,for instance the hot stuff, particularly the bacon and eggs were dry and shrivveled dispite by getting down there fairly early and guests were left to help themselves to jam from large pots of a famous french brand. Surely the hotel could have run to little individual pots? The place needs some money spent on it, previous reviewers have spoken of chipped paint and peeling wall-paper and they are right. Next time I am in London I intend to stay at another hotel nearby. It too is in a great location, cheaper and doesnt build your expectations up only to let you down.	
Dec 12 2005	Very good value	Stayed for one night in December, booked a week in advance and got a great rate of £70 inc breakfast. The hotel is very well situated for sightseeing. Check-in was very efficient and the room was fine. A nice touch was mulled wine and chestnuts (it was December) on the terrace that evening. Breakfast was excellent but the restaurant was crowded. Would I recommend it. Definitely, especially if you can get special rate.	
Nov 28 2005	Ok once I got what I had booked	All was fine except I had booked a double room, and they tried to give me a single room... After I complained they tried to &quot;upgrade&quot; me to another single room (claiming the hotel was full). After some more complaining, they eventually gave me a double room i.e. what I had booked! The room was very good, spacious, big bathtub but small bathroom. One last thing: the breakfast room looks like a cheap cantine...	
Nov 17 2005 	Sorely in need of renovation	I really don't understand the other reviews -- my 2 night stay here was only adequate. This hotel is long overdue for a renovation. The wallpaper in my room was stained and ripped, the curtains were threadbare, and the radiator didn't work at all (it was cold!) I expected the room to be small (this is London after all), but not dingy and depressing. And the hallways were no better. Perhaps the other reviewers liked the lobby (which was nice), the service (which was fine), and the location (which was good). For me, none of that made up for the horrible room.	
Nov 13 2005	Pleasant enough but not great value	This hotel has grandish pretentions: a top-hatted doorman, a small central carriageway like the Ritz (I've seen it on TV, not stayed there!), and splendid period decor. The rooms are quite well equipped (functional air conditioning, iron/board, etc.) and have those amusing Piranha-like minibars which automatically charge things to your account if you so much as breath near them.However, the rate we were quoted did not include breakfast (we were snootily assured that it was &quot;very competitive&quot;) so we ended up at a pleasant cafe round the corner eating bacon rolls and drinking cappucino instead. It's a good location (right next to New Scotland Yard, so forget any worries about being mugged), friendly, and well appointed - but if you're paying your own bill you might want to consider somewhere else.	
Oct 23 2005	Lovely central London hotel	I stay in hotels in London regularly on business and this hotel - almost next door to St James Park tube station - is by far the best at less than £150 per night. It is such a rarity to find a central London hotel which is clean, well-located AND excellent value-for-money. My room was relatively small but efficiently laid out, well-equipped &amp; spotless. But the best aspect was the staff, who were without exception polite, cheerful and helpful - a refreshing (and sadly) rare feature in a central London hotel!	
Oct 19 2005	Wonderful staff great location	I just cant say enough about the location for a tourist in London. We took my Parents for a trip to England from Canada. Upon Arrival my father and I took a short walk 5 minutes in one direction and arrived at Buckingham palace then 10 in the other arriving at Westminister Abby and back to the hotel. Upon getting to my Parents room my fater told my mother &quot;OK we can leave now we have seen it all&quot; Staff was great and despite a review on this page we found the Breakfast wonderful. We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 18 2005	Good hotel good location.	We stayed 3 nights at the Jolly St. Ermins and had a great time. The staff are really helpful and attentive, the rooms are comfortable and clean, the shower was nice and powerful!The area is good (right by Scotland Yard, 5 mins walk to Houses of Parliament) and the hotel is really handy for the tube (St James's Park).The area is quiet at the weekend - only the odd pub and coffee bar open and not many people around - but that really was a good thing - the tube is really quiet there and there is no hustle or bustle to disturb you at night. We'll be staying there again.	
Sep 12 2005	Fantastic Deal	We stayed 5 nights at the Jolly Hotel St. Ermin's while on an American Airlines Vacation and loved it. The room was quite large, and the bathroom spacious as well (coming from an American, that means something!). The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Our room included breakfast every morning which offered a variety of breads, danishes, fruits, and juices. We found this to be an incredible value for our money. It is situated just down the street from St. James' Tube station, and within walking distance of all major London sights (Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, London Eye). It is right across the street from New Scotland Yard, so we couldn't have felt safer. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London.	
Aug 14 2005 	Well run accomplished hotel	Stayed one night at the St Ermin's and had an excellent deal with Priceline. The hotel is centrally situated and very well placed indeed for Parliament and the Government offices on Whitehall and Victoria Street. It has the great advantage of a reasonably priced car park. Staff are mostly Italian and very friendly and welcoming. The entrance lobby is very imposing. Room was very comfortable, if very slightly on the small side. Bathroom was well equipped. Standards of housekeeping are very high and the entire hotel is exceptionally clean and has a very happy atmosphere.I can happily recommend the St Ermin's as an excellent business hotel. It is also well placed for tourists, being close to many of the major sights. You can book here safely.	
Jul 31 2005	made our stay very enjoyable	We arrived the day after the 7-07-05 bombings. I left a bag at the airport and the hotel personel went out of there way to help me locate it. My hats off to the conserige who spent 30 minutes on the phone trying to resolve this problem. Our room was very clean and the staff was very polite. We enjoyed the contiental breakfast and the service there was excellent. We enjoyed every minute of our stay. The rooms were typical European, but as a tourist you do not stay in your room all day, The location is excellent. You are within walking distance of so many of the sights. We found a pub just around the corner that had excellent food and it was air conditioned. Shopping is close by as well as buses and the tube. It was nice to come to a big city is somewhat of a turmoil and be treated so well. When we return to London we will stay at the Jolly. Thank you for making this one of our best vacations.	
Jul 29 2005	Reasonably priced gem of a hotel	My brother and I were determined not to spend our first visit to London in a non-descript, Americanized hotel. From the reviews and pics online, the Jolly Hotel St. Ermin's seemed to fit the bill. And it did, beautifully. As a traveller used to great hotels, I was not disappointed. Yes, it is quirky but that is the charm of the place. It was just what we imagined staying in London would be like. From the red-brick Victorian facade, tiny elevators, and the Dickens engravings in the room, it seemed thoroughly English. Our room was fairly sized, but the mattress was thinner than we would have liked. Our end-of-day exhaustion made this a non-issue as we were to tired to be picky. The bathroom was roomy and clean. Our room faced an alley in the back of the building but it wasn't a bad thing. Just keep the sheer curtians closed so the office workers across the alley don't stare...but that is the case in any urban hotel. The hotel was quiet and under renovation during our visit - by the time we left, the wallpaper and carpet had been totally replaced in the hall and the pictures were re-hung. The new work is lovely. The neighborhood is one reason I'll stay there again - no nightlife but for us that was ideal. You can walk back to your hotel in peace and enjoy just soaking in the ambience of London, not a lot of club kids and garish lights. And be sure to visit the Albert pub located 2 blocks from the hotel - another very London, non-touristy place with great food and service. The proximity to the St. James's Park tube station made travel very easy and the station is easy to navigate. No jostling for a place in line. I recommend taking short night hikes to the nearby attractions - Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, and the Mall are stunning by night and the hotel is within easy reach of them all. Be sure to read the history of the building on the wall near the coat check in the lobby. I can't wait to stay at the St. Ermin's on my next visit to London.	
Jul 19 2005	Good hotel shame about the breakfast	Stayed in this hotel July 2005. Although the public rooms are very grand with enough crystal chandeliers to light up Buckingham Palace,the bedroom was rather small but ok.Breakfast was another story, poor choice of cereal, terrible choice of bread,only cold croissants, mushrooms from hell(how can they spoil mushrooms?)However the location is first class and the staff very pleasant.	
Jun 27 2005	A great location...	This was the first time my father and I to traveled to London and after lots of looking, I chose a place where I felt we could easily do the &quot;touristy things&quot;. When we arrived, we were greeted by a door man and the service continued to be helpful throughout our stay. The door man was great, giving us suggestions for restauants when we asked, always following up with us afterwards to see what we thought. We paid for the continental breakfast and were always satisfied by the selections. We found many restauarnts to choose from around the hotel for meals (the prices in the hotel are too high for our pocket book) and, after some looking, we did manage to find a few non-smoking eateries that were very good.Our only complaint: we were charged for mini-bar items we never used; we had bought orange juice and water from a store nearby and threw these bottels in the garbage can in the room. When we received a message from the desk that they needed our charge card to take care of the &quot;extras&quot;, we discovered what we were charged for and explained the error. It took a couple of days, but they did correct the charges at the desk. Overall, we were very happy with our choice and have recommended this spot to other friends, feeling it provided the ability to easily tour this part of town.	
Jun 27 2005 	Well situated and curiously Italian	The Jolly St Ermin's is a grande if creaky old dame, and during the worst of London's recent heat wave, the air conditioning briefly failed in our room and the common areas were never comfortably cool. That said, it's clean and rather charming, and quite relaxed, and the location can't be beat if you are there for government business or gawking at the royals in Buckingham Palace, or even just fancy a stroll along the Thames or in beautiful St. James Park. The rooms are ample and at night, the hotel -- being in a cul-de-sac just off New Scotland Yard -- is exquisitely quiet and safe. You might find it odd to come to London and receive a complimentary bottle of olive oil in your room. The hotel is owned and mainly staffed by Italians, which can make communication a bit slow at times, but it also makes for a pleasant, continental atmosphere with many Italian tourists about (Japanese too). But almost everywhere you go in London these days you'll find that most of the young people in waiststaff jobs do not have English as their first language.Some tips: Don't eat in the wildly overpriced restaurant and think hard about whether you want to pay for the expensive breakfast. There are plenty of nearby spots cafes to grab something to eat in the morning for far less than the 20 pound breakfast charge (and you don't have to wait in line either). This is not the place to stay if you are planning a trip of not-stop theatergoing and shopping, but a reasonably good choice if you want a quiet spot in central London.	
Jun 13 2005	Exhorbitant phone use charges	My sister and her three adult children stayed at this hotel during a four day stay in London. At check out, (I was staying at another hotel for a work related conference) I was there to pick them up to catch our British Air flight home to the U.S. One of my nieces was presented with a $350.00 bill for phone usage. Keep in mind, she was using an international phone card to call home, so the fee was just that- a fee to the hotel for simply providing access to long distance calls, not for usage charges from U.K. phone companies. Contrary to that, her hotel in Edinburgh, charged her 50 pence per call. We were all shocked, and no amount of reason or logic, budged the reception staff or hotel manager in reducing the amount. I felt awful for her, since she's an elementary school teacher, it was her first trip overseas anywhere, and had saved for a long time for this trip. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone for any reason.	
Jun 9 2005	Great Location!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 8 nights. We couldn't have asked for a better location! Just two blocks away is Westminster Abbey and Big Ben.As for the room, very big! We got a huge King size bed and an extra twin size bed in the corner. The bathroom was small but adequate. Only minor complaint was that the toilet seat kept slipping off! :)The continental breakfast was included and was perfect for us as we didn't want the huge English breakfast that they offered. For the breakfast they offer two fresh loaves of bread (although, get there early as it goes fast and they don't replenish!), small bread rolls, variety of homemade jam (delicious!), cereal, fruit, pastries, cold cuts, cheese slices, and canned fruit. A waitress or waiter comes around with coffee and tea. Although, you have to flag them down sometimes as they can forget to come to your table. :)The staff were very friendly! We enjoyed the Italian atmosphere and I felt like we were in Italy. :) We asked for directions to a restaurant that we wanted to try and right away the guy at the front desk looked it up for us on the internet and printed out the directions.Prices for their food and restaurant are very expensive! Unless you can afford it, do not eat at the hotel. There are a few cafes around the corner but since it's more of a working area, everything is closed on the weekend. But there is a pub close by that we went to 3-4 times called Fuller's Ale and Pie. It's part of a hotel. We had delicious fish &amp; chips and bangers &amp; mash.Overall, great hotel and highly recommended!	
May 28 2005 	Quiet and comfortable	Stayed here for 7 nights. Many of previous comments from other reviews are on point, both good and bad. This part of town really clears out at night, so this is good if you want a quiet area but bad if you want access to theaters, nightlife, etc. That said, hotel is quite close to the Tube and also, importantly, to several nice parks starting with St. James Park - nice if you like to walk or run, as I do. The room was in better shape than I had feared from some comments I read before departing. It was small but comfortable and in pretty good shape; the bathroom was very nice and the water pressure was fine. The hotel is old, however, and shows its age here and there (e.g. drapes were a bit moth eaten in our room, there's tape on one of the bannisters on the stairs, etc.), but the price was right. Staff were universally very nice and helpful, although it is true that some speak better English than others. One minor annoyance is I could not get their wireless internet to work on my laptop - that was an inconvenience.In sum - if you want to stay in this part of London, for business or just to have a quieter place to stay, and you don't mind an older hotel, then this place is for you.	
Apr 24 2005 	Overall Good Value Every Time	Stayed here for the third time as part of a business trip. Agree with some of the comments of previous visitors , it does need a lick of paint here and there but its clean and got loads of character, the candle lit bar lounge with the open fire place give it a cozy feel. The little complimentary 'snacks' in the bar are a nice touch. The staff are always curteous and helpful. The background Italian chatter gives it a real continental feel. Rooms not particularly spacious but of a good standard . Breakfast isnt cheap by any means but its reasonable quality and served in grand suroundings . A plus point is the quiet location, and only a 2 minute walk from St James tube station 5 Minute walk from Westminster Abbey , Houses of Parliament and the QE2 Conference Centre . Looking forward to staying again.	
Feb 6 2005	'A' for location	World's tiniest elavator...I let my mom take it, I took the stairs. Room small, but adequate. Feel prices are too high for what you get and what hotel offers. Shows some wear and tear. Rooms facing entrance court can be a bit noisy. Just around corner from tube, easy walk to St. James Park or Westiminster Abbey. Post office across the street. Blewcoat School just up the tiny block-historic building that now houses nice gift shop for British Trust. Very safe neighborhood as Scotland Yard is at the end of the block. Bobbies posted 24 hours a day...trip in 1996 was just bobbies...times/the world have changed(not the neighborhood)...they are now armed bobbies with body armour as I noticed on our trip Nov 2004.	
Dec 7 2004	Not the greatest…a bit disappointed…	My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Jolly St. Ermin’s from November 11 – 15, 2004. I read all of the review before I booked here, so here are my comments:Room - The room we were assigned was small compared to North American standards, but it still had enough room for a desk, a large chair and an ottoman (to put our suitcase on). There was also enough room to put a rack (the ones that fold open to put your suitcase on). The bathroom was clean and nice, although the water pressure was almost non-existent, so the water came out in a trickle and taking a shower or washing your hands took forever. The TV has a built in alarm clock which was neat, but the room itself looked like it had seen better days. There was some wallpaper ripping off the walls and the carpet looked old, but overall it was fine. We noticed that we were in the “older” section of the hotel, based on the carpet in our hallway, so if you can, ask for a room in the newer section. The room itself had a lousy view of what looked like an air-conditioning factory, and they are building behind the hotel so there were construction guys outside our 3rd floor window literally a few feet away from us.Hotel – the lobby is gorgeous, the ballroom (where they serve a huge hot and cold buffet breakfast) is beautiful. The breakfast is okay, but it is very expensive – 16 pounds translates to about $35 CDN. It was strange that our room was so plain and almost ancient looking, in comparison to the beautiful ornate grand staircase in the lobby, and the beautiful ceilings and crown moldings in the ballroom.As another reviewer noted, the elevator is very tiny, room for 3 people MAX standing in single file.Hotel staff – were okay, not overly nice, or even all that friendly. Didn’t go out of their way to make me feel welcome at all. Location – excellent. Right around the corner from St. James Park, walking distance to Houses of Parliament/Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace. The hotel is across the street from Scotland Yard, which was cool, but a little strange to see the police man standing outside with a machine gun in his hands.A short walk about 5-10 minutes to Victoria street there’s a Sainsbury grocery store to pick up snacks for the day. There’s really no where to go get dinner, but if you are willing to walk about 15-20 minutes to Victoria Station, there are pubs/restaurants there, such as Duke of York, Garfunkel’s, and the Spaghetti house. The hotel is in a very quiet section of London, so if you aren’t interested in a night life, then this is ideal. If you get a good price, this is a great hotel - small but clean rooms and bathroom. We booked St. Ermin’s as part of an Expedia package, and in a nutshell – an ordinary room in a grand shell.	
Nov 20 2004	Nice Hotel	My wife and I stayed here 4 nights in November. It is a nice place, very formal, kind of pricey ($24 breakfast). It is in Westminster, very close to St. James' Metro station. Walkable to Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, Victoria Metro Station. The staff were friendly to us, but we saw them getting angry at French people. The room was decent, double bed, round table/chairs, TV, trouser press, nice shower. We found it difficult to find dinner around there. The Albert is a great pub nearby.	
Nov 9 2004	Awful Place	Stayed at this Hotel Sunday 24th October 2004. Had an awful room, toilet seat kept falling off!! The room had hardly any natural light. TV didn't work properly, ripped carpet outside our room covered up with masking tape. Breakfast poor had to ask 3 times for a cup of tea!! Would never go here again EVER!!!! The only good thing about this hotel is you can park outside for a small charge.	
Nov 4 2004	Perfect stay	This hotel is one of my favorites anywhere. It is a beautiful charming old building tucked away in a quiet part of Westminster. After a long day and late night out you can walk through town and arrive in a peaceful oasis right in the middle of it all. For people who live in rural areas it may be more noisy than I describe but for those of us who are city dwellers it is perfectly tranquil.The lobby is lovely, there are great lobby balconies for late night drinking and talking after taking in the town, the bar is nice, there are pubs, stores and tube stops steps away and the staff are really friendly. The room we stayed in was on the biggest non-suite rooms I have ever stayed in at any hotel, expecially across the Atlantic. It was a great experience and it felt like a second home after only a few days.I love London, but the Hotel St. Ermins made our stay perfect!	
Oct 27 2004	Great Hotel!!	Just came back from our first trip to London and stayed at the Jolly Hotel St Ermins. I would definitely stay here again. The staff was very courteous and polite, also very helpful with advice and directions. As our flight arrival was early, we showed up at the hotel at 11:30. Even though check in was around 3:00, the desk clerk let us go ahead and take our room early, plus provided a free upgrade. Both the room and the bathroom were nice sized and very clean. The little chocolates each night were a nice touch too. Location is within an easy walk to Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey/Big Ben/Parliament, plus very close to tube station. Loved it!	
Oct 16 2004	nice hotel with character in an excellent location	This hotel was an older hotel with a lot of character in a nice area and within easy walking distance to the Houses of Parliament and many London attractions. The room we stayed in had been recently refurbished to a high standard and had one of the most comfortable beds I had slept in. This hotel had a very good combination of old-world charm and modern, clean rooms-- a unique hotel with character to say the least..	
Sep 20 2004	A little bit of Italy in London	We enjoyed our stay here in July of 2004. The hotel is excellently located near the St. James tube station, Buckingham Palace etc. but is not without its quirks. As others have mentioned, the elevators are tiny, the rooms are small and overall, the hotel shows its wear. However, we found this hotel to be a very good value in expensive London and the room had everything we needed, despite being tiny.We feel that the breakfast buffet is a wonderful way to start the day. The young, all-Italian wait staff made for interesting morning conversation, and gave us very interesting insights into London from an Italian point of view. Note that in our travels we often converse with the staff as much as possible, to obtain an inside perspective on the cities that we visit. Such was the case with the Jolly Hotel staff, who we found to be friendly and helpful.	
Sep 19 2004	Overall okay but time to update	Just stayed at the Jolly St Ermins in London, and since I used tripadvisor to plan my trip, thought I would leave a review. Overall the hotel is just okay. They have a very nice lobby. It is a nice area, feels safe, especially since it is right next to New Scotland Yard, but it gets pretty quiet at night. There are a few pubs nearby and the St James Park tube station it right next door. You can walk to Westminster Abbey in about 5 mins. Two things go against the St Ermins hotel for me. One, like I said before, it gets pretty quiet at night so you have to cab or tube it to a more happening area or to get dinner (try the Picadilly area if you like nightlife). If you are looking for a hotel in a quiet area, this may be okay for you. The biggest mark against the hotel is the room itself. My room was okay in size, but needed to be updated. The bathroom door was coming off the hinge, the bathroom itself was so tiny, 2 people couldnt fit in there at once. You had to almost step into the tub to close the door to access the toilet. The bed was large, but the matress was completely broken down and in need of replacement. It did however have great pillows and comforter. The wall paper was marred here and there, and the furniture looked very weathered. No views or anything. Like I said, overall just okay, but I think this hotel needs serious updating. Hope this helps.	
Sep 1 2004	Some positives and some quirky things at this hotel.	Jolly Hotel St. Ermin's is an Italian chain but there was usually at least one English speaker at the front deskand everyone was accomodating, when the shower handle broke off in my hand, remote batteries needed replacing, etc. The beds were way too soft for us so my husband's back was bothering him. As expected the room was small but clean, but the elevator was Lilliputian sized (it claimed 6 adult capacity but really 3-4 tops unless anorexics are included, or two normal sized people with luggage.)The location is very good, near a tube stop and bus lines and several breakfast type places (the hotel breakfast was about $30 pp. so we passed).	
Aug 23 2004	The Jolly a charming elegant hotel	The Jolly Hotel more than met our expectations. It is a beautiful hotel and our room was very pleasent and comfortable. It was made up every day and turn down service was provided at night. Nice amenities were provided in the marble bathroom. The room also provided tea and coffee making facilities which we enjoyed. Every effort was made by the staff to make our stay as pleasent as possible. We had no communication problems despite the fact that the hotel is Italian owned and operated. St. James tube station is right around the corner and we were within easy walking distance to many sights. If your an American who cannot do without Starbucks your in luck, there's one right around the corner. The Jolly will definitely be our place to stay when visiting London. Mike and Rosemary Wecker, Temecula, CA	
Aug 17 2004	We were pleased.	We stayed here on our last night through London. Wish we had booked this hotel on our first 2 nights through London; as we were very pleased!The room was a good size, clean and modern. We really liked this hotel.As far as location, we thought it was good; but I guess it depends on what you want to be close to.We really liked this hotel, as well as the staff &amp; decor. If we were to go to London again, we would certainly stay here again. In fact, when we plan our trip to Italy (someday...), I will be sure to check out the Jolly chain.	
Jul 21 2004	Loved it!	My husband and I just returned from London and stayed at the Jolly Hotel for a few nights. We found it to be a wonderful hotel. We had a deluxe queen room and the room size was okay. It's not as big as you would have in America but it was all we needed. The bathroom was wonderful also. The staff was very helpful. We were able to check in at 9 a.m. the morning we arrived and they held our luggage well after checkout time on the day we left.	
Jul 10 2004	Great hotel with history and modern touches	My wife and I stayed at the Jolly from June 17-20 and were very pleased with the service and quality of our room. We were given a deluxe room facing away from the street that was very modern and quiet. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was perfectly suitable. The lobby of the hotel is ornate and quite nice and there are two porticos on the ground and first floors of the lobby that make for enjoyable lounging. We arrived early (10am) and couldn't check in until 1pm, but that gave us time to stretch our legs after a long flight. The concierge was very helpful. To top off our great stay, my wife forgot a pair of shoes at the hotel and when we returned a week later after traveling in Spain, they returned her shoes to her promptly. So, thumbs up for the Jolly and we'll stay there again. It's location is very quiet (if you stay in a room on the back side of the hotel) and very near a Tube stop and Buckingham Palace. Very nice indeed.	
Jun 27 2004	Great Hotel!	The Jolly served my wife and me well while on a short three day trip to London in May 2004. Our room was clean and charming and the staff was very helpful in the dining room and with arranging a tour. The business climate was refreshing from the touristy hotels. We walked a block and saw a lot of sights from here, as well as catching the Tube. We would stay here again. - Eric, San Diego CA	
Jun 14 2004	Jolly Good!	The hotel is in a great location (only a block or 2 from Kensington Palace) and has a great English charm feel to it. I would definitely stay again.	
Jun 14 2004	A First Anniversary Treat	As a first anniversary treat, my husband and I decided to return back to London for a long weekend vacation. After reading some of the reviews of the hotel on TripAdvisor, I was a bit nervous of our choice of hotel. While the pictures of the hotel are stunning, it seemed that everyone had something to be concerned with. Perhaps it has everything to do with timing, but do not be worried! This hotel is comfortable and personable, with great service and a great staff! The location is great for those that want to get away from the tourist crowds but like the convenience of a close tube station. We couldn't have been more pleased and will definitely be back again!	
Apr 1 2004	My Impressions	I was very impressed with the room. the service, the user-friendly nature of the amenities, (In-Room_Safe etc.) Wake-Up Calls at the time requested. Nice Pub.Arrived early (6 hrs.) No prtoblem, leave luggage with Concierge all tsken care of.Have nothing bad to say.	
Mar 31 2004	language barrier	I stayed here for a week with my mom, who has difficulty with stairs. Unfortunately, the only way in (or to breakfast) involves several steps. The lift accomodates about 3 people. The hotel is Italian owned, the staff has difficulty with English. (Foreign language channels predominate.) While we enjoyed the bar (with appetizers and large fireplace-no smoking is hidden on the other side of the fireplace) we observed several overcharges, wrong (too little) change, and other acts of petty dishonesty there. At checkout, we were charged in US Dollars (at an exhorbitant conversion rate). The rooms were decent sized for a budget London hotel, but falling apart-carpet held together with duct tape in both rooms and halls. On the bright side-afternoon tea was unexpectedly wonderful. Location is also great-walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, etc.-or walk around the block behind the hotel to the St. James tube station.	
Mar 27 2004	Now my favourite.....	This is an excellent hotel and I just returned from a 6-night stay (15-20 March 2004). Other reviews of the hotel was influential in my decision. I felt it was the safest hotel in London as Scotland Yard was only 1/2 block away. Also the St James's underground is only 2minutes. My room was outstanding - large for 'traditional' London size with two twin beds. Outstanding amenities in the bathroom. Not a large choice on TV channels but thet seemed to try to satisfy all requirements as there were an number of 'foreign' language stations. Continental breakfast was excellent. My only problem was adjusting the air conditioning. Once I mastered that it was fine and comfortable but I never could understand why the thermostat was at least 10' up and I had to stand in a chair to make adjustments. Service in the bar lounge was very good and the food very good. This was my 30th visit to London and I have stayed at many hotels but I really believe this one is the best - overall.	
Mar 27 2004	Great staff!	The concierge was extremely helpful, and the service was wonderful. The rooms were larger than the typical European hotel rooms, and were very clean! The location is excellent as well...would definitely a stay.	
Feb 4 2004	Charming	We stayed here in mid January.We were very satisfied. The rooms were clean,the staff pleasant and the atmosphere was charming.	
Jan 25 2004	Great location for sightseeing but small rooms	I stayed here for one night and found the stay OK. I often come down to London for business around the Westminster area and the hotel is handy for this. Certainly very handy for tourists wishing to see the Houses of Parliament, Westminster and a short cab ride to Buckingham Palace etc..The rooms were VERY small but comfortable and clean. The breakfast was excellent and very friendly staff. I did not get any of the noisy or smoky type clientale as my stay was in January. I would stay here for business again but would not use it for a family vacation- rooms too small and the ambiance of the place is more suited to business and adults.	
Jan 5 2004	Great Location with a few quirks	I recently stayed at the Jolly Hotel St. Ermin's for six nights -- from December 27 through the New Year's Holiday. On the whole, our visit was very positive. You simply cannot beat the location -- a quick two-minute walk to St. James's Park tube station (Circle and District lines), about a 10-minute stroll to Victoria Station and easy access to Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey. Multiple sandwich shops can be found in the immediate neighborhood as well as a Sainsbury's on Victoria Street. Don't miss the National Trust Gift shop just down Caxton Street -- lovely items to take home. Also, the hotel is directly across the street from New Scotland Yard (with a policeman posted out front round-the-clock) which made us feel like we were in a safe location and provided a real &quot;cool&quot; factor for my 9 year-old son. Some quirky things about the hotel . . . The lifts have a maximum capacity of 5 people and there is frequently a queue for them -- particularly during the breakfast crush and following fire alarms (yes, there was an evening fire alarm during our stay). The desk staff may try to slot you into a continental breakfast even though you are clearly booked for a full breakfast. Be vigilant and stand your ground -- the very polite desk staff will make the necessary amends. When you first check into your room, don't unpack until you make sure the heat works properly -- if it doesn't, request another room. Our heat did not work reliably (which I discovered after everything was unpacked) and we suffered a few chilly nights before it was fixed. As noted by other reviewers, this is an Italian chain. The staff do a good job of communicating in English -- be prepared to work with them and all will be well. They are pleasant, friendly and fair. Also be aware that all printed material in the room is in Italian and only six of the television channels are in English. But, you're in London to enjoy the sights so don't worry about the television -- you get BBC 1 and 2 as well as Sky-TV. That's all you really need. Jolly St. Ermin's was a lovely place to stay and I hope to visit again soon.	
Jan 4 2004	Loved the Jolly	 Our family(9 of us) recently returned from a trip to London. We stayed at the Jolly Hotel St. Ermins for 5 nights. It was the nicest hotel we've ever stayed at in London. The lobby was breathtaking. The rooms were a bit on the small side, but that's typical for London. The beds were very comfortable, the bathrooms had marble vanities and nice, hot showers. Loved the extras- robes. hair dryer, basket of teas with hot water decanter, and the built in converter for your USA appliances. Housekeeping was excellent. Our rooms were made when we got back from morning breakfast. Our continental breakfast was included with our room rate- a very, full continental breakfast which included pastries, croissants, breads of all kinds, meats, cheeses, fruits. The dining room in which it was served was lovely. Service was outstanding. Everyone on the staff was very professional and courteous. This is an Italian chain so there was a bit of a language problem at times, but it was a minor inconvenience. The lobby was very smoky, but they did have have no-smoking areas in the lounge. The hotel is very conveniently located to St. James Park, Buckingham Palace, Big Ben and Parliament and other tourist areas. Loved the Jolly! Will definitely stay there again on our next trip to London. 	
Dec 24 2003	Great Location however there's a language obstacle	This hotel, a former monestary, dates back to 1887. It has clean comfortable rooms, and has undergone modernization. The location is near Buckingham Palace, Westminister Abby and the Houses of Parliament. You can easily walk to the theater district, or take the Underground. It is accross the street from New Scotland Yard in a quiet neighborhood. The food at dinner and for afternoon tea is very well prepared. It's housekeeping staff will make every effort to please. HOWEVER TRAVELER BEWARE!!! There's a language problem. In 2001 this hotel was purchased by Jolly Hotels from Italy. Jolly also owns the Madison Towers Hotel in New York City. Unless you speak Italian fluently, you will definitely encounter some communication problems which will leave you frustrated. Only two of the registration desk staff I approached spoke English with some degree of fluency. This hotel has a large number of both English and American guests. Some Examples: I purchsed some coffee mugs the hotel has available for sale. A pair of womens' slippers also was added to my bill. My first request to remove the charges for the slippers was ignored. When I was ready to check out, the slipper charges were still on the bill and the the front desk clerk I encountered had to consult with a supervisor whose English was subpar. I had to constantly explain I would dispute the charges with my credit card company before the ten pound charge for the slippers were revoved. A fire alarm was sounded at 6:30 AM on Saturday. December 13. After firefighters responded and gave the &quot;all clear&quot; a hotel employee in the lobby started speaking in Italian. I had to say &quot;English, English.&quot; Breakfast comes with your room. On the morning of December 12 the organge juice was mostly water. Neither I nor another guest who lives in Great Britain could find a dining room employee who understood we found the orange juice too watered down. I had a pair of pants which needed to be dry cleaned after they got muddy. My first call to reception reached a front desk clerk whose knowledge of English was limited. I was relieved to get one of the housekeeping supervisors five minutes before a 9AM deadline for pickup on Saturday December 13 who understood a had laundry and dry cleaning tp be done. Mark G. Rodin 3528 Abercromby Dr Durham, NC 27713-1472	
Dec 6 2003	Could've been better		
Nov 25 2003	Great location and service with attitude to boot		
Nov 23 2003	Very Nice!		
Nov 11 2003	Why Jolly St Ermins Ain't So Jolly		
Oct 21 2003	Issues at the Jolly St. Ermines		
Sep 23 2003	Outstanding !		
Sep 6 2003	Loved th St. Ermins 1st. class		
Jul 20 2003	The highlight of our trip		
Jul 9 2003	Great Value in London (Westminster)		
Jun 20 2003	Great Location!		
Nov 14 2009 	Mi primera decepción con NH.		
Oct 27 2009	Ein tolles Hotel		
Oct 3 2009 	Ottima posizione splendida struttura colazione fantastica.		
Sep 28 2009 	Un 4 étoiles! Jamais de la vie!		
Sep 28 2009 	Charme et Visites		
Sep 25 2009 	ottima posizione		
Sep 9 2009 	ottimo hotel centrale e di ottimo livello! raccomandato		
Aug 23 2009 	??????????????????????		
Aug 18 2009 	Décevant !!!!!!		
Jul 27 2009	?????????????		
Jun 29 2009 	hotel ricavato da vecchio convento		
Jun 26 2009 	Perfekt für London		
Jun 9 2009 	déception		
Apr 23 2009 	consigliato!		
Apr 18 2009 	Ottima base di partenza per visitare Londra		
Apr 13 2009	Angestaubtes Hotel mit Warteschlange beim Frühstück		
Apr 7 2009 	posizione fantastica		
Mar 9 2009 	Bien Situado Al Lado Del Big Ben		
Mar 2 2009 	Non è un 4 stelle lusso....		
Mar 1 2009 	ottimo solo per la posizione centrale.......................		
Feb 6 2009 	Posizione fantastica!		
Jan 28 2009 	Pourrait faire mieux...		
Jan 26 2009 	Della catena NH ha poco e niente....		
Jan 16 2009 	super Jolly S.Ermins		
Dec 15 2008 	Ca ne vaut pas un 4*		
Nov 4 2008 	????????????		
Aug 25 2008 	Nella norma		
Aug 23 2008 	Mit Einschränkungen empfehlenswert		
Jun 17 2008 	Para volver		
Jun 3 2008 	posizione centrale comoda		
May 28 2008 	Juwel das ein bisschen Politur braucht		
May 12 2008 	POSIZIONE OTTIMA		
Apr 5 2008 	Nel complesso un buon hotel		
Jan 16 2008 	Bel hotel "Bristish" tres bien situe		
Dec 13 2007 	caratteristico		
Nov 21 2007 	L'albergo più sicuro di tutta Londra		
Nov 9 2007 	Buena ubicación para unas vacaciones tranquilas		
Nov 29 2006	Véritable hôtel LONDONIEN par excellence		
