	One of the BEST	Stayed here for a weekend trip to London and my experience of the hotel was exceptional. The hotel is well situated and close to Kings Cross/Euston stations. On arrival the welcome was great, the receptionist was very smily and the welcome was natural. The room was clean, although a little small with little closet space, was fine for our 3 night stay. The restaurant and bar staff were the most friendliest i have come across in a long time. The food was great in both breakfast and the one time we had for dinner. Overall i would highly recommend and will be back to visit in in 2010. Thank you to all at the Ambassadors Bloomsbury.	
	4 stars only by London standards	The best thing about Ambassadors Bloomsbury is its location. In other respects, the hotel is just average. Four stars is an exaggeration as their &quot;superior&quot; double rooms are smaller than singles normally. Storage space is very limited, definitely not enough for two people, and I would advice the management of the hotel to do something about the issue. Mould and other signs of humidity are not something that one would expect to see in a four star hotel room (at least not outside of the UK). The breakfast is ok but the selection is somewhat limited - here again if one uses other four star hotels as a standard. For a London hotel, Ambassadors is quite ok but do not expect too much from it.	
Nov 10 2009	Simple Hotel Good location.	Altough a bit pricy, this hotel is great for visiting to London for several days.It is right by Euston station, and minutes away from King's Cross.The hotel look's is sophisticated, the rooms are new and clean, medium size.	
Nov 9 2009 	ON A PAR WITH TRAVEL LODGE	We only stayed for one night but having stayed in many 4 star hotels I fail to see how this can be rated a 4 star!The bathroom had very little room for toiletries, the wardrobe was hardly adequate and the air-con was very noisy. The one saving grace was, the staff were very friendly and proffesional.	
Nov 2 2009 	Lovely hotel great location and nice staff!	The hotel was situated in an ideal location, a 2minute walk from Euston station, which meant we could get to the many parts of London easily. It was on a quiet street just off the main road.We travelled as a group of 10 (ages 20-25) and although check-in wasnt until 3pm we were able to check-in when we arrived at around 12pm and still get adjacent rooms. I had read reviews before arriving and many mentioned the size of the rooms and how small they were, but i felt the size of the rooms we had were fine. We had 4 double rooms and one twin and because of the shape of the building all the rooms were all slightly different shapes. Breakfast was included in the price of our stay. There were two sessions for breakfast; 7.30-9am and 9.30-11am. This meant that it was never very busy and you could get seated. There was a huge selection of breakfast. The cold breakfasts (cereals, toast, croisants and fruit) were set out in a buffet and the hot breakfasts (full english) were cooked and brought out to you. There was also the choice of juices, water, tea or coffee. The food was lovely and the staff were very efficient and polite!My room was at the back of the hotel and i didnt hear any noise on a night time. There was another hotel around the back of ours and their windows faced ours but i just kept the window blind down most of the time so it didnt really bother me. The wardrobe space was a bit small, but as we were only staying two nights it didnt really bother us. The main doors of the hotel are locked between 11.30pm and 6am and there is a member of staff there to open them for the guests of the hotel.The gym was also free for us to use but we didnt go in so cant really comment on what that was like.I really enjoyed my stay and felt that the hotel was excellent value for money. Ive noticed on a review below that its £119 per night. We booked through superbreak.com and paid £120.50 for 2nights, including trains and breakfast (breakfast was about £16 to pay for separately!) so if you book in advance and look around you can get some really good deals. I would definately recommend this to anyone wanting to stay in London.	
Oct 14 2009 	Tiny rooms modern clean great value.	I'd just spent 3 nights in the Holiday Inn Express Victoria for a business trip, which is very basic &amp; dated at £150 per night. I moved to the Ambassadors in Euston for the rest of my stay (leisure) to be closer to friends, and was really happy I did so.So, let's get the room size comment out of the way: I was in the standard single room (room #400) and yes, it was only slightly larger than a shoe box. As all other reviews will tell you, rooms here are tiny. In fact the wardrobe space was so small I laughed out loud &amp; sent the photos to friends (check attached photos). Room size aside, the hotel had all the comforts and modern conveniences I want &amp; expect in a hotel. The hotel's public areas &amp; rooms are very clean, bright and modern. Singles are most certainly only built for singles. The room's bathroom has a great shower head and complimentary toiletries. The room itself was quiet &amp; contained a large flat screen Tv with some Cable channels. There's also complimentary water in the rooms &amp; temperature controlled air conditioning. Best of all, there's free wifi in lobby &amp; in rooms.Joe the concierge was really friendly and helped me out a few times which was good.And at £119 per night, the price is perfect &amp; location handy (great access to many Tube lines from Euston).Ambassador Bloomsbury is fantastic and I'd recommend it to anyone who's in london for a few nights and wants modern, comfortable room to rest their feet between shopping and nights out. Just don't buy too much as Im not sure where you'd put the extra bags!	
Oct 1 2009 	Good for business travellers	Location is perfect in the centre and surprisingly the room was quiet. But try to avoid the proper single rooms. Incredibly tiny! Otherwise liked the simple, clear design and colours. The best of all is the glass-walls in the bathroom. Staff really helpful, enjoyed the short stay. Good for business travellers, to “cold” for families.	
Sep 24 2009 	EXTREMELY OVERPRICED FOR WHAT YOU GET AND THATS ASSUMING YOU GET IT AT ALL!	im here now and have had 2 nights here for work porposes with colleagues. Check in is ok, the staff at reception are fine,my room was basic but clean and modern with a shower/tiny cupboard/some nice toiletries and some bottled water (not sealed so probably tap)the rooms are,as previous comments have stated, very small. I had room 607, which for 2 nights is not too bad,at least i had a view of the street below. i looked into one of the others, with no windows at all, i would not like one of those,its like a cell! The walk up price for a single room is £255 ($400) per night. i had a double, so i dread to think how small the singles are.the internet was down for the first night, which was poor for what you pay. the resturant is way, way overpriced with a poor menu. i like soup as a starter,they had none. we turned up at 7.30 but had to wait 1 hour, as they had a function down stairs. (shouldnt they be putting guests first?) they add 12% to the bill including the overpriced drinks at the bar. (you can always have this charge removed on request, as per the law).the second night,i tried to book a table for 7.30, for 3 of us,but was told the earliest would be 8.30, so we didnt bother and went down tottenham court road and found a nice place with a large menu and fair prices.The beds are fine,the breakfast surpassed itself, it is expensive at £16.99, but it was very good, with a good selection of everything cooked to order.Finally, on arrival i ordered a daily paper for the morning, it didnt show, when i asked where it was they said they would deliver one to my room whilst i was out. it never showed. i live in hope for the morning, 2nd time lucky maybe.i personally would not recommend this to any friends, its way, way overpriced for what you get and you could do far better for the price in london.but its ok for 1 or 2 nights if the company you work for, is picking up the bill.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location	This hotel has a great location near all the shops, restaurants and attractions of Bloomsbury, and close to Euston station for sightseeing in the rest of London. Our double room was small and a bit cramped, but it was nicely furnished and very clean. Staff were very helpful, especially in the restaurant.	
Sep 2 2009 	very clean and tidy but room size like a mousebox.	very nice clean hotel but room and bathroom the sallest ive ever seen. not enough room for 2 people in the bathroom at the one time and just a pathway round the bed. we didint even unpack suitcases as wardrope was so small.	
Sep 2 2009 	Small rooms but clean comfortable and good price	Was initially offered a room in the centre of the hotel with no windows, but changed when I (falsely) claimed my wife was claustrophobic! Rooms are small, but clean and comfortable and the price was very reasonable via Octopustravel.com.Breakfast was very good. I would recommend for short stays, but you might want more room for longer stays.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good Hotel good location easy London and European access	The Hotel is situated accross Euston Road from Euston station so offers great and easy access to all of London. St. Pancras station is only about 10 minutes walk away too which is ideal for the Eurostar and services heading North.Check in was smooth and easy and we checked in quite a few hours before the &quot;official&quot; check in time. Our room was 206, which looks out on the front of the Hotel. The room had a modern feel to it and was clean and comfortable. There was a complimentary safe in the room.The Bathroom consisted of a walk-in shower and the usual accessories, but no bath. The complimentary toiletries were very good compared to other places we have stayed in.Pro's:Great location,Con's:Room is fairly small...but comfortable. No tea and coffee making facilities.As there were so many places nearby to eat and drink we went out and didn't sample the hotel food or drink.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good hotel	The hotel was nice and the location was good as well. I stayed at the 6th floor and I could not hear the street noise at all even though the window in my room was facing the street. I was very pleased with the hotel and would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Tiny room	We stayed one night and that was enough. Any longer and we wouldn't have been able to stand the claustrophobic room or store our clothes in the tiny cupboard. I liked the decor, it was quiet and the location was not bad, but the room was really suitable for a single traveller. I'd estimate the space either side of the bed to be under a metre. The breakfast was fine (there were none of those irritating make-your-own-toast machines) and service prompt, but the fire alarm went off during the meal and we had to duck out of the window area very quickly as automatic shutters came down. We had to stand until they re-opened and the food was by then cold. A fellow guest told us it had also happened the previous day. I didn't see any Occitane toiletries. We did consider room service but the prices were high and there is a service charge. Potentially a nice hotel but the rooms are really not acceptable. I handed in the feedback form on the first evening and no comment was made on my complaint.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good location - room claustrophobic	First impression of the hotel was good with bright entrance and welcoming reception. First impression of the room was terrible - room 611. It really is a box and made me feel quite claustrophobic. No windows and therefore no views. I wish I had been brave enough to go back downstairs and ask to be moved. I don't care if it has a decent wet room, not having enough space to be able to walk around the double bed means it shouldn't be classed as a double room. Breakfast was fine. Space should be used as a store room and not as a standard double. There are better hotels in the area. I stayed at Novotel last time and would pefer it to this one.	
Jul 30 2009 	Good location clean friendly staff great breakfast.	This hotel was for us a great location, just round the corner from friends and not far from Kings Cross station and bus stop. Check- in staff very good and quick. We asked for a quiet room and appart from the air conditioning units outside it was, even though we were opposite the lift.The room although not huge was big enough, sadly not the case with the wardrobe, hanging space was about 6 inches deep and no drawers, if you are planning staying longer than two nights take something to clip over the door.The only other thing was the bed, comfy enough but very noisy, turning over was not welcomed by my husband, en suite, small but roomy enough for one at a time.Breakfast was very good and the service was also very good.I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great modern hotel brilliant breakfast	Nicely designed, modern hotel with friendly staff and in a good location. The wetroom bathroom is a great novelty. The breakfast is a delight!	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location clean and quiet room	The location is great, just around the corner from British Library and British Museum. Euston tube is really close, and King´s Cross and Russell Square are just a few minutes away. If you are travelling from Heathrow by the tube, I´d actually recommend you to get off at Russell Square. King´s Cross is much more crowded.My room, 309, was quite small for a double I´d say, but very clean and the bed was comfy. Small but modern bathroom with a lovely shower. The wardrobe is a bit on the small side with about five hangers in total, and you wouldn´t be able to get two peoples clothes in there. Tea and coffee-making facilities are in the left cupboard by the bed. The in-room safe can be found in the right cupboard.There was complimentary wifi-internet at the hotel, but unfortunately it didn´t work properly. I stayed for 4 days, and had to phone the reception a couple of times every morning or evening to ask them restart their router.A nice touch is the complimentary bottle of water they put in the room every day. You also get a morning newspaper for free delivered to your room if you want it. Just tell them when you check in.	
Jul 6 2009 	Find a cafe for breakfast	Gorgeous hotel and in a prime location. Minutes' walk from Euston and Euston Square. Pleasant walk to the bus routes serving Trafalger Square and Westminster if you don't like the Tube.Women judge an entire establishment on it's toilets. so do not miss the public toilets on the basemant level - best basins I've ever seen!Exceptionally friendly and helpful staff, nothing seemed to much effort for them.We were in the seemingly notorious room 111 and it wasn't that bad! I imagine, from the floor plan of the first floor, that all the &quot;11&quot; rooms are the same. Yes it was small, ridiculously so, but it was reasonably well equipped for an overnighter. There were no opening windows on account of the fact it was in the middle of the building, and therefore no natural light. But it was more than bearable. I wouldn't recommend one of the &quot;11&quot; rooms if you plan to spend a lot of your time in the hotel though!This place let itself down completely in the breakfast department though. Let's face it, the biggest thrill of a hotel stay (apart from all the obvious DIY ones, of course!) is the breakfast. Undercooked bacon, undercooked sausage, burned black pudding, anaemic tomato and greasy eggs that gave me a quite unpleasant surprise the next day. The mushrooms were gorgeous though, I'll give them that.Ultimately, the perfect hotel for using simply for night-time activities (sleeping, etc...) whilst you enjoy London Town. Not a place to book if you want to stay in your room.And there's a cafe at Euston for your breakfast rather than the evil they turn out.	
Jun 22 2009 	Modern Up to date Neat Great Location Tiny Rooms	The building is a nice red-brick structure, recently renovated. Once you enter the lobby, its modern, looks new and very neat. The check-in process was quick, and staff was courteous.Once we got to our floor, the walk to the room was through a very narrow passage. We opened the door, and our fear of a tiny room came true. But I suppose this is London and one must expect this.The room seemed very recently renovated, with a modern and straight line design, and a nice and simple colour scheme. It had a very comfortable bed, a small desk, and a good TV. The bathroom, though tiny, was again modern and up to date. All in all, comfortable enough. Most of the time we were out, and only came back in the afternoon to rest and at night to sleep. A little stuffy if you are planning to spend a long time in the room.Negatives of the room are minimal, basically no view, and a little dusty.The location of the hotel was perfect for us. It was close enough to the centre of town, yet away from the chaos. It is close to 2 tube stations so very convenient, and neighbourhood is nice and fairly quiet. The staff is friendly and helpful.All in all, we had a good stay.	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent stay superb location	This hotel is in a superb location, 10 mins walk from Kings Cross, within easy reach of great shops, restaurants and sightseeing. Room was small (not much storage space for clothes) but very clean, modern and comfortable. Our room (401) was very quiet. The staff were very welcoming, polite and friendly. The breakfast was superb. All in all, great value. Would not hesitate to use this hotel again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Make sure you ask for an outside room	We stayed for 1 night at the Ambassadors for a weekend break in London and were given room 111 which is in the middle of the building. The room was very clean and we liked the modern decor. The staff were very friendly and attentive and the breakfast was good. The location is also convenient - 5 minutes from Euston Station for tube and train, and walkable in 25 minutes to Covent Garden.We were however disappointed with the tiny size of the bedroom. There wasn't even enough room for a bedside cabinet on both sides of a small double bed and storage space for clothes was very limited. More seriously the bedroom also lacked any natural light or opening windows making it quite claustrophobic. The only outside light was from some opaque glass at the end of the bathroom which was part of the wall. We therefore had to rely on the air conditioning to keep the room cool - however this was too noisy to leave on at night making for an uncomfortable night's stay.We would suggest avoiding 111 and specifically requesting a room on the outside of the hotel - with a window looking onto a street.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel 	Stayed in the ambassadors bloomsbury in April for three nights. Thought the location was brilliant, just a walk to Regents Park. The wardrobe was very small but adequate. But the bathroom and bedroom in general was lovely and couldn't fault it. Breakfast every morning was delicious, though on Sunday we did have to queue to get into the breakfast room which was unexpected but not that much of a big deal. Overall i would totally recommend it!	
May 10 2009 	No complaints at all. Brilliant room breakfast and staff.	Was very satisfied with my stay here. Good location and nice helpful staff. The room was big enough...not huge but not as tiny as some people have said (though maybe we were lucky and had a slightly larger room as we were on an end). Rooms provide nice shampoo, shower gel and a good hairdryer so no need to pack these and there's a full length mirror. Breakfast was brilliant and served till 11am, although it's only included when booking through mini-breaks/ theatre-breaks companys (otherwise you have to pay over 10 pounds for it). You can leave your luggage with them when you check-out and collect it later. No complaints at all. Was very happy with everything.	
May 6 2009 	Great location comfy bed small room	I stayed at this hotel for one night. I booked online and paid 119 pounds for bed and hor breakfast. While London prices are always a shock, this seemed about right. The hotel porter was extremely helpful and polite. He hooked my iPod up to the hotel's wifi when I could not. My room was small but bright with a small but new bathroom. The bed was lovely and all amenities worked fine. This hotel is just fine for a short stay. It is very close to Euston tube station, several places of interest and in a pleasant location.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great location - modern amenities	I'm slightly torn on this hotel. As a place to simply stay the night and then get out and explore the city it's perfect. As other reviewers have noted it's super close to the Euston subway line and there is a bus stop right in front of the hotel. The Bloomsbury neighborhood is really charming and so many wonderful things are in walking distance (British Museum &amp; Covent Garden Market).We had a fantastic rate, which included breakfast, however every morning we weren't on the list, which was a bit of a pain. If it just happened for the first day it wouldn't have been such an issue, but we stayed for 4 days. There seemed to be one gentleman who was rushing around to make sure people were happy or offered beverages. We didn't end up ordering off their menu, because it was more of a hassle. The rooms are super small, but still nice and modern. Internet is included free, as is a safe. The bed isn't super big or luxurious. Our comforter had several cigarette burns on it and one morning we were awoken by the fire alarm around 8am. These are probably 'one off' occurrences. It's a nice enough place, however I think I would look for other options on a future visit and I certainly wouldn't pay their 200£+ rack rate for a super tiny room.	
Apr 16 2009 	Fantastic Location Average Hotel	My partner and I have just returned from a most fantastic trip to London. We stayed at the Ambassadors and although the rooms were very VERY tiny it didnt distract from the fact that the hotel itself was smart, immaculate and modern. The restaurant was very good, breakfast served until 11am and offered a wide selection of both hot food, meats, cheeses and cereals. We didnt actually dine there on an evening as we went to Fifteen (AVOID!)... Hotel is in a very good location, only 5 mins walk from Euston Tube and approx 15 mins from Kings Cross. I would definately return again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Perfect perfect perfect perfect	The breakfast was one of the best we ever have had. It was like being in a top restaurant. There was a big buffet and a la carte menu and it was include the room price. And the service was excellent. Top modern hotel whit every facilities you need. Only two minutes walk to the metro. And 5 minute to city centre with the metro. One of the best hotels we ever have stayed in.	
Mar 22 2009 	Clean but small room	We ended up here after that the place we usefully stay in was full. Yes, the room is small, very small. Staff is friendly, the rack-price is ridiculous, we paid 99 pounds per night, and that’s the maximum what the room is worth. The rack rate is 275 pounds for the same room. The breakfast is good, buffet for the cold things and a plate (made after order) with English breakfast. We really didn’t like the surroundings.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good location very nice room	I stayed there for 1 night and the hotels is better than I thought.Great price, good location, nice sized and designed room, nice flat TV, free wireless internet.	
Jan 25 2009 	Good design and Good Value	A very convenient location, just across the road from Euston, and yet very quiet. Everything smart and well-designed, cheerful service, and very good value at the price.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	This is a high quality hotel in a great part of London. Within spitting distance of the British Library, UCL, King's Cross and Russel Square this is the ideal place to stay if you are in town for business or pleasure.The room was a good size, had a huge bed, plasma screen, safe and tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom was small - more of a wet room really - but well appointed and clean. The room was equipped with a smal desk and wifi - so ideal for business customers.There is nothing I would have changed about my room or stay - happy days!	
Nov 3 2008 	Good location	Modern and friendly situated close to Euston station. Small and personal check in area with nice and service minded staff. My luggage acutally spent more time in the storage room than in the room ... The room was kind of Scandinavian less is more looking. Since winter struck (snow) the indoor temperature needed a boost from the heater which inititally did not kick in. The staff solved the problem very efficiently. In spite of its modernity I found the tea kettle and the bags in one of the cupboards. The hair dryer was placed in a cupboard with mirrors on the inside of both doors which actually provided a good view from all sides when blow drying (Why havent anyone thought of this before?) The bathroom (only shower in mine) was nice and new and the towel rack very warm - good to heat up your socks on.	
Sep 16 2008 	Claen but tiny rooms	The website makes the room look big, but they are tiny!. We paid high rates and the room was just too small. The room was clean and modern, but tiny. When we checked in we confirmed with the reception staff that upon check out we could get a VAT receipt. When it came to checking out we ended up in a big argument with the reception. We will never go to this hotel again and would advise caution	
Sep 7 2008 	what a find!	We were really lucky because we found a deal for this hotel on GTA Hotels.com - £125 pounds per night, in a deluxe room! which was really rather large - so previous reports on small rooms must have been with the standard rooms.Ihave had to stay in the areamany times for work and nothing has compared! the room was large - flat screen television with many channels and digital movies, a large bathroom withl'occiatine products ( we stayed for 5 nights and on some days they were not replaced, but upon mentioning to reception as had ran out of shampoo they sent up a load!) breakfast was truly superb and included in the price - room serice menu was super too! We will stay here from now on - no need to look for anywhere else.	
Aug 26 2008 	Fab modern hotel	We stayed at the Ambassadors Hotel Bloomsbury for one night. Overall it was excellent. The staff were lovely and very helpful. The hotel is very modern and bright. Rooms were excellent though just a little small but adequate for a one or two night stay. We had breakfast in the hotel which is one of the best I've ever had. Good selection of hot choices and lots of breads. They seemed to top it up regularly too. The hotel is in a great location with Euston and Russell Square tube stations just a few mins walk away. We'd defo go back there !	
Aug 13 2008 	Clean friendly good value and safe	The rooms may be small and the wardrobes tiny but the location of this hotel is ideal. The beds are comfortable and the air conditioning is good and efficientIt is on a main thoroughfare and our room was opposite the lift but we heard nothing throughout the three days we stayed.The breakfast was a great bonus and has something for all tastes.The staff were without exception friendly and helpful. It is worth shopping around the various internet sites as the difference in price is considerable and many do not include breakfast. Our deal did and it was also the cheapest we could find.It is not a cheap option but it is VERY good value for money for central London. Only 25 minutes walk to Trafalgar Square. Many good restaurants in Fitzrovia about 15 minutes walk and the British Museum back entrance is 10 minutes away. A real find.	
Aug 12 2008 	Not enough room to swing a cat!	good points: useful location for the West End of London, complimentary wi-fi (although this was tempermental)bad points: room was so small, there was bearly enough room to fit both me and my suitcase. Bathroom the size of a broom cupboard.	
Jul 31 2008 	great hotel brilliant stay	really lovely hotel, brilliant location, 2 mins from euston tube &amp; train station, only 2 stops into oxford circus rooms very small though, not suitable for 2 people, wardrobe barely enough space for 3 or 4 items. breakfast was delish, very fresh &amp; great selection. restaurant food was also delicious, if a little pricey, but overall good spot &amp; would defo use again	
Jul 30 2008 	good hotel	Goodthings: free wifi, quiet,adequate breakfastNear location to brtish museum, close to a small shopping mall near the Holiday INN bloomsbury.Unsatisfactory : too small cabinet, Russel square has no lift and need to bring the luggage via a short satircase.8 min walk form russel square station.Will recommend to others.	
Jul 28 2008 	Recommend Ambassadors Bloomsbury	Excellent hotel for the price, staff very helpful and friendly. Breakfast very good and relaxed atmosphereDont be put off by the decor in the corridors the rooms are very good albeit small and clean.Can recommend this hotel	
Jul 25 2008 	Fantastic value	Booked via alpharooms.com and paid only £92- reasonable for London. The rooms are small but perfectly formed for just one night- any more than one night and you might have difficulty unpacking your luggage as the wardrobe space is tiny. We arrived early and the receptionist made arrangements for our room to be made available as soon as possible which was much appreciated. The breakfast was one of the best hotel breakfasts I have ever seen with a wide variety available including kippers and excellent smoothies. I have already recommended this hotel to other people and would certainly return.	
Jul 16 2008 	Nice hotel and close to train station	Great hotel and great location in London if you are taking the Eurostar and need to be close to the station. Hotel was only a few blocks walk to St,. Pancras Station and close to restaurants and coffee shops. The Staff was very friendly and helpful, welcoming lobby, and really nice rooms. The beds were very comfortable, nice clean bathroom, and the rooms were not a bad size, actually rather spacious compared to what I normally see in London. There was a small restaurant and bar but we did not use it, but it looked very nice.	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Impressed!	Only a few minutes from Euston Tube Station, this hotel looks impressive as you approach it. Arrived about 10am and there was a room ready for us.The staff were friendly and helpful,we even had a member of staff show us to our room and point out where everything was.The room was very light,bright,clean and modern.I didn't think the room was that small like quite a few of the other reviews have said.The bathroom was a little on the small side but nothing to really complain about.The wardrobe is tiny but we were there only one night so this didn't matter.Had a very comfortable nights stay and was looking forward to the breakfast the next day as quite a few reviews have said how good this was.Wasn't disappointed,it was yummy!!To sum up my stay i haven't got a bad word to say about it, i can't wait to stay again!!Definitely recommend it!!	
Jun 23 2008 	What a find ! Perfect!!	Stayed in the Ambassadors Hotel, Bloomsbury, London just this past weekend. The location is perfect, my daughter is studying in UCL, and the hotel is just close by, directly accross the road from the Hilton Euston.I shared with my son. The room was gorgeous, spotless, bright: widescreen TV on wall: ensuite lovely with really decent toiletries (tho had to ask for them the 2nd day &amp; was given double the amount, so it must have been an oversight) BUT minialistic. It didnt bother us as we were only there for 3 nights, but there are only a few hangers &amp; no where else to put your clothes or your suitcases: so we lived out of our bags which we had to step over to get from one side of the room to the other.We got a GREAT deal bed and breakfast from 1800hotels. The breakfast in the dining room was delicious, absolutely anything you could ask for. I did ask for breakfast in our room 2nd day and checked to see if it would cost extra and was assured that it would not: however the following morning breakfast arrived with a bill for £30.00!!! Needless to say I disputed this with the manager and won!!! Loved this hotel and look forward to staying there again. Close to tubes, shopping, Theatres (£10 taxi fare back at 1030pm)Went to see Les Miserables and The Woman in Black; both excellent. Re London: Found London extremely expensive and not great value, ie food expensive and only adequate. Was VERY annoyed at 12pc 'discretionary service charge' added to ALL food/drinks - not the way to do business, as the service fluctuates (am not talking about the hotel - which was excellent)	
Jun 23 2008 	Good hotel but small rooms overpriced restaurant	Good hotel, excellent location, everything you need is available, including L'Occitane products, free water, free internet, air condition. Rooms, bathrooms and closets are very small. Restaurant is overpriced and portions are tiny. Will use this hotel again, without a visit to the restaurant.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great for a short stay	Stayed here for one night, on my own for business in London. Service was fantastic as was both dinner and breakfast. The twin room was very clean and well furnished - and for my purposes did the job. However, other people have commented on the size of the bathroom - I didn't find the size too small - but certainly the sink was far too small to use comfortably and there was nowhere to put your toiletries in the bathroom. Other negative would be the size of the wardrobe - very small - I didn't have much stuff with me but you could probably only get a couple of jackets in there. Other than that the hotel is great, in a good location and very comfortable. I would certainly stay there again overnight.	
May 25 2008 	great breakfast shame about the rooms	Probably the best breakfast I have ever had in a hotel also the staff were great and couldn't be more helpful. That were the plus side end. It might be my own personal taste but I tend to find that floor landings that are poorly lit and decorated in a stark style remanisant to a prison to be oppressive. Once inside the room little improves. The porter, who was as helpful and beyond recrimination was keen to point out the 'plasma T.V' to my husband. This bonus was marred by the fact that I couldn't actually see the t.v as I was not able to get in the room until the porter had backed out. The truth is that unless the T.V is susspended on the wall there wiould be no where else it could fit. The wardrobe is a six inch recess in the en-suite wall and the coffee facilities can be found stashed inside the bed side table. A final sticking point was the glass door on the en-suite shower room which opened stright on to the side of the bed. I am far from being a prude but I do not relish being on full veiw whilst sitting on the toilet.	
Apr 2 2008 	Good Location	We booked the Ambassadors, Bloomsbury mainly for location and because it had reasonably good reviews. We came into St Pancras and the Hotel is only ten minutes away (straight up Euston Road), we had booked for the Terracotta Army exhibition at the British Museum also only ten minutes away from the Hotel, through Russell Square. The Hotel is also only 3 mins away from Euston train, bus and underground station. We were very happy with this hotel for our one night stay but if we had a longer stay in London the room we had would be too small. The rooms on the front did look slightly bigger than ours which faced the rear of the property. The room was clean and nicely furnished although the carpet had a few stains, there were plenty of mirrors. The shower/wet room was great and the toiletries were good quality. The bed was not very comfortable though with what seemed a very cheap mattress. The wardrobe was very small with 4 hangers but as we were only staying one night was plenty for our needs. Really good points were the tea and coffee making facilities with biscuits and a complimentary bottle of mineral water and also a safe and hairdryer in the room.The room service menu looked very good but we did not use this. We did have breakfast included in our room rate and this was a very good buffet style breakfast with freshly squeezed juice not the packet stuff and the waiter brought as much coffee/tea as you wished.The best point about the Hotel are the staff. Reception staff in particular are very efficient, friendly and extremely helpful. The bar/restaurant staff are also very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. You are able to leave your bags at reception if you arrive early or wish to leave later after checking out.We chose the Hotel so that we would not have to use taxis, always an expensive option. We got day passes for the underground and went out to the O2 to the Tutankhamun exhibition. This was OK, we had timed tickets but they let too many people in all at the same time and it was too crowded, and we were disappointed in the actual exhibits. However, the Terracotta Army exhibition was fantastic, we had 10.00 p.m. tickets and we enjoyed the experience of the British Museum at a time when it is usually closed. There were a lot fewer people than we expected and you were so near the exhibits you could have reached and touched them.We enjoyed our weekend in London and would certainly stay at the Ambassadors in Bloomsbury again.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great value city centre hotel	A great central hotel. Clean, well located and friendly. Single rooms a little on the small side, but apart from that can't fault it. Room service breakfasts brilliant value for money and Occitane products in bathroom a bouns!	
Mar 17 2008 	misleading and very different from advertising	On website and checking in you think this is the greatest little find in Bloomsbury handy for everything from Station to sights. They have taken minimalist a little too far for my like. The rooms are very small and probably would have been fine for single occupation but as a couple not enough space. Wardrobe will take a coat and that's about it. Add two suitcases and your really start to feel cramped. The desk is so small it will only take a laptop and nothing else and if you are a lady wanting to put on makeup or do hair you have major problems. The showers are great but I think the bathroom was designed by a man with a beard - impossible to shave in. That said the beds are great and very comfortable. Will go back - if only the rest of London is full	
Mar 3 2008 	perfect location for the eurostar modern not too big	I chose this hotel because of its proximity to the Eurostar terminal at St Pancras. It is perfect for singles. The room was small but had everything and was quiet (overlooking the back). The staff are friendly and the hotel has a brand new fresh, modern look and also feels quite intimate. The cupboards are tiny but I didn't need anything large for one night.I loved the toiletries - l'occitaine. The shower room was very modern and clean.I didn't have breakfast or dinner so can't comment on the food.It's a good location for central London and the price is reasonable.	
Mar 3 2008 	recommended	We chose this hotel for its central location and reasonable price and we were very happy with our choice. The hotel was very quiet and very clean and modern, the staff were helpful and pleasant and the breakfast was really fabulous! The room IS small, no two ways about it, so if you are planning to stay in your room a lot or have a lot of luggage it is maybe not for you, but otherwise, it's great - we were out all day and only sleeping there - and the bed was extremely comfortable. The volume on the great wide flat screen TV does not go up beyond a certain level, so maybe this place is not good for you if you are bit deaf (seriously) .	
Mar 2 2008 	Good experience would return	Stayed here for 4 nights, booked by my organisation. Was worried by some of the reviews but it was a good experience. Check in staff were very friendly (although there was a mix up in the booking) and helpful throughout my stay.Modern, bright decor which is not to everybody's taste but has a clean and fresh feeling.The room was of average size with a very comfortable double bed, small desk, wet room with a reasonable shower and lovely toiletries. The only complaint I have is the size of the &quot;wardrobe&quot; which was an extremely small cupboard. Not enough room to hang clothes for five days! Free Wi-fi a bonus.Breakfast was quite good - usual buffet set up with hot food cooked to order. The style was rather pretentious though - fruit was called fruit minestrone, stewed rhubarb called rhubarb soup, and the presentation of full english in individual bowls was unnecessary. We mainly ate out but had a meal in the restaurant on the last evening. It was quite expensive but tasted delicious - I recommend the chocolate mousse for serious chocoholics! Staff friendly and generally efficient.Recommend this hotel based on this experience and would stay again	
Feb 20 2008	Very Modern loved it	This hotel is very stylish, sleek and ultra modern.It is round the corner from Euston Station/Tube Station and is very easy to get around all attractions and Oxford Street!It is ideal location and it may be on a main road but it is very quiet.We stayed on the 5th floor which was unbelievably quiet. We never even heard anyone in the room next to us.It is across the road from Hilton @ Euston but is not upstaged by it at all.In fact this hotel looks better!I only had one problem my whole stay and that was breakfast was cold on the first day but after that it was lovely and hot :DI would stay here again without a doubt.	
Feb 17 2008 	good staff but tiny rooms !!	hi , we stayed for a two night -friday &amp; saturday trip and found the hotels staff particularly friendly giving us maps of the area , and even giving their opinions of where to go-really helpful!. we had breakfast on both days and it was excellent with the full english breakfast option or cold meats,fruit, pastries, breads we found this a big plus better than many other hotel breakfasts we have experienced.however the problem we had were the rooms -they were really small even for two people the bed was very small, possibly a three quarter bed and we could not walk past each other in the room with any ease, it felt very restricting. The bathroom was also tiny with an underpowed shower although the lo'ccitane shampoo and s/gel were a nice touch, overall the room reminded me of a travelodge type of room , basic and a bit sparse, I personally wouldn't want to stop for a longer stay it would get me down , but again the staff were fine , the reception helpful,the decor tasteful the problem was the room size !!Thanks	
Feb 16 2008	Hit or miss	I've stayed here on a few different occasions and I find it a bit hit or miss to honest - sometimes its fine and others have been riddled with problems.My stays are always booked through my work (and payed in advance) but last time I stayed they tried to charge me even though I had written confirmation. Also, be warned they like to take a £50 deposit on arriving and will only credit you when you leave.If at all possible do not stay in a single room - they are tiny! I had to open my case on the bed as there wasnt enough floor space and had problems trying to get an ironing board up.The rooms are basic but you always get a bottle of water and some me L'occtaine products. The bathroom is a wetroom, no bath but a nice hot shower. Single rooms have a small desk and a small wardrobe, double rooms are slightly larger.Resteraunt - my last stay was terrible, I couldnt get a seat, then when I got up to use the bathroom they gave my table to someone else! They then got my order wrong and service was slow. Other stays have been very different, excellent service, great food no problems.I'm still undecided as to whether to return,, definatley not if I can only have a single room. The hotel is in a good location with Euston station just a few minutes walk away and I 've always found the rooms clean and tidy.	
Feb 9 2008 	A comfortable hotel for a good value.	At a walking distance from St Pancras ! The neighborhood is ok...	
Jan 29 2008 	small but clean and comfortable	stayed for one night on business, the room was very small but clean and comfortable. I like the showerroom as it does make a fun experience, easily walkable to kingscross / St Pancras/ Euston and a bus stop just outside the hotel.Not somewhere I wuld stay for several nights but for one or two it is fine.	
Dec 22 2007 	A good nights sleep	Had a one night stay here and could not fault it. For the price, one of the nicest hotels we have stayed at in London. Euston station and the underground 5 minutes walk away. The room was spotlessly clean and quiet. Everything worked as it should. The beds were exceptionally comfortable with large fluffy pillows and soft duvets. The room was on the small side but if you wish to use it for purely sleeping and changing then it is perfectly adequate. Staff were courteous and very polite. The buffet breakfast was vast with a fantastic choice of dishes - bacon, eggs (fried, scrambled, poached), sausage, tomato, bubble and squeak, mushrooms, beans, cold meats, smoked salmon, cheeses, cereals, croissants, toasts, etc! More than enough to fill you up for the day. Would we return - yes!	
Dec 7 2007 	Small room very basic a bit pricey	Stayed one night after christmas party nearby. I booked a double, the room was small just enough space for the bed and a small table and chair. Only had a shower room no bath. The room was clean and functional but nothing special. The wi fi didn't work and despite saying there was 24 hour room service I couldn't find the menu. Good location and clean and tidy hotel but wouldn't rush back.	
Dec 2 2007 	Minimalistic	just back from 5 nights at The Ambassadors Bloomsbury and overall it was an above average hotel to stay in. The staff are friendly, and the rooms are very trendy with lovely L'Occtaine toiletries.On the negitive side (sort of) the rooms are very minimalistic which meant that for a 5 night stay there was nowhere for us to unpack and we lived out of our suitcases for the week. Also in the bathrooms again there was no-where for you to put your toiletries. They are currently digging up the road outside the hotel and it is quite a busy road, it would probably be best to ask for a room near the back.The breakfast during the week is made to order which is really nice and fresh, on the weekends however they serve it buffet style, which although its still good is not as good.Close to Euston Station, its a great location to explore London from - just make sure you get an Oyster Card to save on the London Underground.	
Aug 20 2007 	Excellent value	Booked a one night stay looking for somewhere near Euston (so we could drop our bags off and head into town), good quality and not too expensive. The Ambassador fit the bill in every respect.Literally 3 minute walk from the station, spotlessly clean and great value we paid £109 for the room including breakfast, which I thought was excellent for 4* in London. The breakfast buffet was superb, all fresh, piping hot and a great selection of everything. The room was small like other posters have said, but it was perfectly adequate for what we wanted in an overnight stay. Huge comfortable bed and plasma telly. Nice touches of complimentary newspaper and mineral water as well as the usual tea &amp; coffee tray.Try Prezzo italian restaurant just across the road, we have now been there three times on our way to the station to come home and never been disappointed, again great value (2 courses for 2 people with drinks £35)	
Aug 13 2007	style and very friendly service	Would definitely recommend this hotel - great location for those travelling into Euston station. Very clean, well-appointed room - comfortable, large bed. Excellent breakfast - great choice and very friendly attentive staff. Had a great one night stay	
Aug 7 2007 	Wouldn't stay again	Fairly swanky hotel in a central location. It's a stones throw from Euston mainline station - not a grotty area but it's not exactly posh either. It was the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in though the Bathroom &amp; shower were quite good. The decor etc was quite smart but I wouldn't bother staying here again. Maybe my standards are high but this place doesn't come close to the likes of City Apex or even St Gregorys.	
Jul 24 2007 	Excellent	This hotel is really nice. It is clean, uncluttered and functional. We asked for a king size room and got one - the only problem being that it took up 80% of the floor space, but hey, it was a really comfortable bed.Wardrobe space and bathroom space were at a premium and this was supposed to be one of their best rooms - it's great for one night but would find the room far too small for an extended stay.The hotel was supremely quiet.	
Jul 19 2007 	OK but dont expect a lie in	The hotel is modern and clean having been recently refurbished. The rooms are large but the bathrooms are very small. When you use the shower water floods the whole bathroom as there no seperation between shower and bathroom. All this was fine but the blinds on the window are Ikea style. Even when shut light floods through. Unfortunately I picked the only sunny morning in London this year and was woken at 6.00am with the sun in my eyes. The angle of the blinds seemed intent on maximising glare when lying in bed. Its a shame that an otherwise nice hotel is let down by such a small oversight which massively affects the quality of stay.	
Jul 1 2007 	Small but perfectly formed	Very welcoming staff at check-in was an excellent start to my four night stay. The single room I stayed in was incredibly small but the space could hardly have been arranged any better. The wet room was kept spotlessly clean, although I agree with some of the other reviews about the too-small sink and the slightly dangerous position of the shelf above the sink. The tea and coffee making facilities, including biscuits, were perfectly adequate but the lack of storage space and ironing facilities could be problematic. However, the free WIFI and the digital TV channels were welcome bonuses while the breakfast was faultless. An impressive range of continental and cooked breakfasts combined wih the efficiency of the breakfast staff made a pleasant start to the day. On a negative note, I suffered from a sudden lack of water pressure in my bathroom one morning and there was a mix-up over the inclusion of breakfast in my room rate; in this situation the staff were pleasant and helpful.	
Jun 18 2007 	Would definitely use again	Having read some earlier reviews on this site, commenting on the poorstandard of decor, I decided to think for myself!!!! What a great decision!! The Ambassador Bloomsbury is a perfect place to stay for any visit to London. Handily placed for the majority of Tube lines it is also within easy walking distance of a number of theatres. Although compact the rooms are tastefully decorated in modern tones, and the same effective, and well-thought out, use of available space is a theme throughout the hotel. From the first minute of arrival til our departure we were looked after by helpful, friendly and professional staff. I will definitely be visiting here again.	
May 6 2007 	Not impressed - go to Novotel instead!	I stayed 2 nights at this hotel and was not impressed at all. The hotel itself seems clean, modern and quiet but our room was dreadful. Firstly, the clinical decor leaves alot to be desired and the venetian blinds on the windows let so much light in that (if you are a light sleeper) you will be up at the crack of dawn - not what we wanted for a relaxing long weekend away. The room was so small it was impossible for the 2 of us to unpack due to the lack of wardobe space. The tea and coffee facilities were packed away in the bedside table to save on space which meant we were making coffee on the floor each morning as we had already put our belongings on the table top. The bathroom lacked hanging space too and was without an expelair and the shower wasn't very powerful compared to other 4stars we have stayed in. The sink was situated with a shelf above it so everytime I wanted to wash my face I had to negociate the shelf or else end up with an injury - this led to a constantly wet floor. All in all the room was far too cramped and we will never stay here again. We pay for abit of luxury when we go away not to end up getting frustrated by every minute detail. The breakfast was insufficient. Whilst it tasted nice it was more gourmet than hearty - something you do need for a weekend in london. Next time we will be staying at the Novotel round the corner - cheaper, bigger rooms, better breakfasts and better views (especially on the 14th floor!).	
Apr 21 2007 	Great Hotel!	Great property! Newly renovated hotel that looks wonderful. Had a room on the 5th floor that was bright, light, and clean/. The location was perfect; wither a 5 min walk to Bloomsbury (Russell square stn) or St. Pancreas and Kings Cross/Euston just 5 mins away to. Service was great and the hotel offers great value at 110.00 a night. Free, fast WIFI along w/ desk work area in room works wonders. Next biz trip to London will have me staying here!	
Apr 1 2007 	Great business hotel	I stayed here at the end of March on a two-day business trip. The check in process was very different from the usual run of the mill experience you get a most London hotels. The reception staff were incredibly welcoming and efficient, they even took my luggage and showed me to my room. I don't think that's ever happened to me in my 10 years of making regular business trips to London. Lots of other hotels would do well to learn from these people about customer service.The room was very modern, this has been covered in other posts. Importantly it was very clean and the little wet room was great. Things that I really liked about the room were having a safe that's big enough to put a laptop into, the free wifi connection and also having a large complimentary bottle of mineral water. Stuff that could be improved - virtually no storage space with a tiny wardrobe and 3 coathangers. My own personal bugbear - no iron and ironing board - I had to phone reception for this, it took 20 minutes to arrive and the first iron was broken. Also the windows have wooden venetian blinds which means the room is not completely dark. I know they are trying to keep up the modern feel with this but a nice blackout blind would have been better. Although they have good double glazing it's pretty noisy given it's proximity to Euston, the first night I was woken up at 3am by an ambulance going past. Can't comment on breakfast, the restaurant or the bar but from what I saw it looked good. Without doubt one of the best business hotels I've used in London and such as short walk to Euston station. Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 23 2007	Very nice hotel - Recommended for short business trip	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and I found it to be very pleasant. Inside the hotel is VERY modern and decorated in a clean, colourful, minimalist style. (Note - some of the photos shown in the Hotel Photos link above are out of date - the exterior of the hotel and the lobby are much more modern now). The rooms are also decorated in the same sort of style although they've kept the colours mostly neutral. The room I was in was quite small, but with a large bed (the bed actually took up most of the room). Apart from the bed (with built-in bedside units) the only other furniture in the room was a small desk and chair (not very comfy). There was a also large flat-screen TV on the wall and there was a small safe in one of the bedside cupboards and tea/coffee stuff in the other bedside cupboard. There was a SMALL wardrobe in the room, which was just deep enough to hang 4 items and that was about all you could get in - I ended up hanging a couple of things in there and then left the rest of my clothes in my bag.The bathroom was very small with the shower being open to the rest of the bathroom, so the bathroom floor ended up very wet after a shower. I wasn't too bothered about the fact the bathroom was so small, but my biggest problem was the sink - it was tiny and there was a small glass shelf above it which was quite low which meant it got in the way when trying to use the sink. However, the bathroom was cleaned thoroughly every day which was good.Breakfast in the hotel was excellent. The staff serving breakfast were very efficient and pleasant, but not overly friendly. The food available for breakfast included a wide choice from a buffet style selection (cereal, fruit, patisserie selection, etc etc) and also a selection of hot food. Unlike most hotels the hot food wasn't just confined to a full English - there was a choice of several things including pancakes with bananas (my favourite!), boiled eggs with soldiers, eggs benedict and few others (I can't remember them all).I only had one meal from room service - ceaser salad with chicken - which I wasn't particularly impressed with and was rather expensive for what I got.I didn't have too much trouble with noise whilst staying there. I certainly couldn't hear anything from the street outside and most of the time I didn't hear anything from any of the other rooms. There was one night that another guest was being a bit noisy in the corridor and I could hear them loud and clear, but in general in can't complain about the noise levels.One other important point regarding this hotel - it has FREE wireless internet access!Overall I'd definitely recommend this hotel for a short business trip - anything more than a week and you'd probably get fed up of the small room size and lack of wardrobe space. Definitely wouldn't be any good for couples due to the small room and bathroom sizes.	
Dec 10 2006 	Not bad but could be a lot better	This hotel isn't bad, but isn't great either. It's fine for a one or two night stay but I certainly wouldn't recommend it for longer. It is non-smoking throughout the hotel, which was fantastic for me but might not be so welcome for smokers. The food and service were excellent, but there was a general lack of organisation which made simple things unnecessarily complicated. The rooms are clean but not very small and not well equipped. It's fine if you intend only to sleep in the hotel and spend the rest of your time elsewhere, and don't have much luggage.The rooms are very small and the tiny amount of wardrobe space has to be seen to believed - and there aren't even any drawers or alternative places to put clothes that can't be hung. There is space for three fairly thin garments to be hung, and no more. The flat screen TV was good, and the bed reasonably comfortable. The bathroom was clean and modern, with an integrated shower (no bath). However, there were no toiletries provided - not even a bar of soap. I don't know whether this was an oversight on one occasion, or whether none was ever provided. The room on the whole was very clean, even though it was quite bare. The kettle provided didn't work very well and there were no biscuits.The staff were very friendly and the service excellent, although reception took a long time to sort out quite simple things and there were usually very long queues. There was some confusion over what menus would be available and what choices from the menu were allowed, meaning a lot of reiterations with the staff before even arriving, adding unnecessary stress to organising the trip. The food was excellent, and the bar a pleasant environment. Breakfast was poorly organised, with not enough space for the number of guests and people waiting for a long time to be seated, and the food kept running out (although it was replenished eventually).The communal areas of the hotel were clean and decorated in a modern, interesting way. The non-smoking rule was very welcome and meant nowhere smelt of smoke. The location was also good, quite central but not in too busy an area. There was no noise from the road or guests on the night I stayed, which was good. Overall, I am lukewarm. Some very good aspects were equalled by some very poor aspects. Simple measures like putting soap in the rooms and ensuring facilities like the in-room kettles worked would have made my stay a lot better, as would organsing reception and breakfast more efficiently. I would not recommend staying for longer than two nights because of the tiny rooms and lack of storage space. I think the hotel has good potential, but a little way to go yet before I'd really strongly recommend it.	
Dec 8 2006 	Getitng better and better	I have now stayed at The Ambassadors 3 or 4 times in the space of about three months. When I first went I was pleasantly surprised by the place as the reviews on this site about the refurbishment indicated that it was a bit of a nightmare and that the rooms that had not yet been refurbished were very tired... but it wasn't as bad as I expected. But each time I have been the rooms have been better than the time before and as of my last visit the refurbishment seemed to be completed, there is now a tastefully furnished bar, the boxed-in entrance is now properly open, the list are working again.... it is excellent. But that doesn't really tell you much about the hotel itself, so here goes: the location is not great for shops, restaurants etc, but it is very close to Euston so its really easy to get about with this place as your base. The rooms are really nicely (and tastefully) decorated in a clean, trendy, modern style. Some of the larger rooms have bathrobes, slippers, etc. provided. Some of them are a little small (the rooms, not the bathrobes) but if you can get an upgrade then the amount of space is better than average. The price varies from one week to the next so, as I am on a budget, I sometimes can't afford to book in here, but whenever the price drops below my magic £120 threshold, I book here without a moment's hesitation. The only downside is that the dining facilities are a bit underwhelming, I have only eaten breakfast here once and wasn't over impressed - it wasn't bad, it was just ordinary and not up to the standard of the rest of the hotel as it now stands. I like fresh, not tinned fruit, I like to have the tea and coffee made to order, not dumped out of machines etc.etc. But if you can cope with that then this place will do you fine. Forget any older reviews that had this place down as being in need of an upgrade - its happened now and the hotel is one of the best in its price bracket in London.	
Nov 18 2006 	Will book again	Summary: I'll be using the hotel again next time I go to LondonMy needs (so you know where I'm coming from): A one night stay in London and a mid range budget (£120 for one night) for business.What I thought about it:Location - great, 2 minutes walk from Euston (opposite Hilton). Busses outside went direct to most parts of London tooBuilding Presentation - Currently undergoing refurbishment, so mostly painted boards surrounding the construction area.Reception - Very friendly, 2 staff on the desk both smiling and happy. Showed me to my room rather than just give directions (a nice touch I wasn't expecting). They were also smiling and happy when-ever I passed.Room - Very Clean, modern style, recently refurbished, good lighting, good shower ('wet room'), plenty of towels, shampoo, dressing gown and slippers provided, hair dryer, shaver point, No trouser press, complimentary 1L bottle of water, Tea, Coffee, Chocolate Mints and Shortbread.Free Wi-Fi connection throughout the hotel (numerous access points to ensure excellent coverage in the room)Room Size - not big, but ample with two beds, very small wardrobe (perhaps 4 garments).TV - I didn't have time to watch TV, but I'm not sure there were too many channels available other than the normal array of BBC, ITV, Radio etc.Food - I didn't eat in the hotel (the option is available but I went to a restaurant for dinner and chose to get breakfast in the City).	
Nov 11 2006 	noisy noisy hotel	On the positive side I found all of the staff very helpful; the room was newly decorated and wet room newly fitted with a good shower. It was also immaculately clean.However the room was very small with very little room to walk around the bed. The bed may have been the lumpiest bed I have ever had the displeasure to sleep in. The problems started when I tried to sleep. There is some kind of night light in the bathroom which couldn't be turned off, I tried everything including removing the power card. This would not be a problem if there was not a glass door between the bathroom and the bedroom which is directly opposite a mirror. Therefore the light reflected all around the room. Then I had the loudest air conditioning/heating unit ever. And to top the above, everytime someone in the hotel used their bathroom it sounded like it was in the room as the water and sewage system was so noisy. This wasnt helped by the person in the room above me taking a shower at three in the morning. I had breakfast in the restaurant. I didnt touch any of the hot food on the first morning as it didn't look appetising however this improved on the second day.	
Oct 24 2006 	Under renovation...	As someone who stays in hotels for around 120 days a year, The reviews of this one are a little unfair - The refurbishment is looking stunning, though still underway, so I do feel the rooms are too pricey considering the residents are having to put up with it. The food is excellent and despite the above I keep returning rather than using the Radisson Edwardian. It's clean, rooms totally modern with DTV, and the staff very efficient. Exactly what business travellers need. I've stayed almost 30 times over the past few months and it's been nothing but superb.	
Oct 23 2006 	Successful refurbishment	I suspect that the refurbshment programme has had a negative impact on this hotel, to judge from the previous reviews. I stayed there last week and was quite favourably impressed. Some of the public areas were still be worked on and the outside clearly has some way to go. However, I found my room to be clean and to make effective use of very limited space - a triumph of design for compactness. The rooms will feel small for North American travellers but they are comparable with others at this level in the London market and the attention to design makes them feel more spacious than they are. The handbasin in the shower room is indeed small - but I noticed that the toilets had a dual flush and I suspect that water conservation was very much in mind. This is likely to be a growing problem for all London hotels and the Ambassadors are simply ahead of the game. I did not find cleanliness a problem anywhere and the front desk were conspicuously pleasant and helpful. I would certainly use this hotel again, although the previous reviews are obviously a reason for some caution.	
Oct 4 2006 	One of the worst hotels I have stayed in	I would definately not recommend this hotel at all. It is certainly not a 4 star hotel that it advertises itself to be.Although pleasantly decorated, the rooms are extremely small. I had a number of problems whilst staying for 4 nights at this hotel for business:1. When I returned back to the hotel on the second day, my room had not been made up and this was at 4pm. I asked the reception why this was, and their response was that the staff had been extremely busy. This is not acceptable at all -I cannot belive that the staff were so busy that the rooms could not be made up by late afternoon2. The room was extremely noisy and there was a constant barrage of noise from the worksite. Constant drilling and banging till late in the day was extremely annoying. I complained to reception again who denied that they heard any noise -either extremely ignorant or just plain deaf as it was loud and clear!!3. I ordered room service but had to wait over 1hr15min for the food. The food was overpriced anyway, not to mention that the breakfast price in the menu was incorrectly listed4. The guest comment card in the room had been completed by the previus guest and obviously not been collected by the hotel staff. I did not request a comments card as I did not want to leave my details in the room for the next guest to find!!5. The TV volume was restricted to a certain volume. This was extremely low and all very well if the noise from the work site below wasn't so annoying!!6. The air conditioning in the room only went to a certain temparature. I was staying at the hotel during the hottest week of the year, and found the temperature unbearable. I didn't bother to complain as the hotel clearly had no clue about standards!!7. The bathroom sink was so small it was unusable. I have no idea who's brilliant idea it was to place a shelf over a tiny sink, but this just it made it unusable!! Not designed very ergonomically at all.I would not recommend this hotel at all...even if you are desparate for a hotel, avoid this one at all costs!!	
Sep 6 2006 	Noisy unclean hotel.	This hotel looked great and very stylish from the website. However, on arrival, my work colleague and I witnessed a very different picture. There was a huge board covering the front of the hotel as it was undergoing building work. We told the receptionist our concerns about the drilling and general building noise, and they assured us we would not be able to hear the noise from our rooms. However, our rooms were right above the building work, and thus the noise was horrendous. We complained but were told there were no more rooms available. We both booked double rooms, yet my work colleague was presented with a single bed in his room. To top it off, when i arrived back to my room that evening at 1am looking forward to going to bed, i pulled back the covers to find a number of hairs in the bed! The sheets were obviously dirty. And at 9am the next morning, i was woken up by drilling and banging. I would definitly not stay at this hotel again. Avoid!	
Jun 26 2006	Should have been better	The room was clean but that was really all it had going for it. Bed sheets were stained, surely they could have been bleached?!?!? Room was tiny, glad we only stayed for 1 night as not big enough for 2 adults to live for any longer period of time. Woken up by drilling and other noise from builders on site at 9am on Sunday morning. Won't be staying there agin.	
Mar 22 2006 	great hotel	after staying in the worst hotel ever (the lonsdale just down the road)we relocated to the ambassador and the staff were delightfull the rooms spotless, the food to die for, in all a really nice hotel !!	
Feb 28 2006 	At Bit Austere but not Bad especially for London	This hotel was fine after I asked to have my room changed: Why is it, please do tell me, that automatically, when assigning a room, the reception staff give me a room facing a wall? This has been the case without exception. I stayed in 3 different hotels during this most recent visit to London, and without exception, the room I was given faced a wall, there is no other way to put it. In this particular case, I asked immmediately for a change, and I was given one, without question, which makes me wonder: is this the policy of these hotels -- see if the poor sucker accepts the worst room, and if not, no problem, change it.Anyway, the second room was absolutely fine, a bit austere in decor, the bed and a plastic seat serving as furniture, but clean, comfortable and with a flat screen tv, not that there is anything to watch on British TV: if this is cable,there must be absolutely nothing with no cable.Everything very modern, not a bad size room, but remember, I paid for a double, I know better now than to get a single unless a broom closet is what I want.I have yet to find a hotel in London that gives value for money. This hotel was fine, I believe the best of the 3 I stayed in, but for 87 pounds excluding the taxes and charges, that is way over 200$ Cnd, no, sorry, it couldve been better.	
Feb 15 2006 	Good from far but far from good	I travel a lot, around the world, for business mostly. The website made this look like a very nice remodel of an old hotel. The reality was quite different.The room was the smallest I have ever seen anywhere. When you exited from the right side of the bed your feet were in the bathroom. The bathroom was really just a shower with a sink and a toilet on the side. While sitting on the toilet your feet are in the shower. The shower was installed in such a way that you could not turn up the water over a certain temperature which meant I took almost cold showers for a week. In addition, there was no room to put anything in the bathroom or in the room in general.The bed was comfortable but that is the only saving grace of this hotel. I left the hotel and moved to the Apex in town (highly recommended). Since I booked online I lost the amount I already spent on the last two nights but it was worth it. I was being joined by my partner at the end of the week and there was absolutely no way two adults could live in this room.	
Jan 31 2006	Loved it!	What a lovely Hotel! I just come back from my Honeymoon around Europe and London was our last place to visit. The Ambassadors Hotel is an excellent place to stay and its staff delivers the real professional and personal service, no robots! The rooms are all brand new, stylish, very quiet and modern with all the conforts, 24 hours room service, double glazed (in central London!) big LCD TV and even comlimentary WiFI!!As soon as they learned we were on a honeymoon they surprised us with a bottle of wine in the room. The service was impeccable! The restaurant is pleasant and the food is delicious. Another surpirse, however, was waiting for us in the morning, the breakfast, a huge buffet with everything on it. I was a bit warried when I read the other comment and I was double surprised when I saw the rooms and experienced the hospitality. I even spoke to the Manager who nicly explained me the changes they made thouout the whole Hotel. I will visit the Ambassadors again and I reccomend it!	
Dec 11 2005	A big disappointment	Looked very impressive and stylish on the website. Unfortunately its not finished. 2nd and 3rd floors are a building site with banging and drilling from 9 am to 6 pm 7 days a week. Carpets loose on main hotel stairs, lifts intermittently out of order. The bar was closed to residents for 2 nights we were there as there were private Xmas parties, the music from which went on until after midnight and could be heard on the 5th floor. No apologies made for this.Room Ok, rather small for the price and nothing like the picture on the website. Comfortable and clean, but no storage space at all. However, bathroom was nice.For the price I paid, average £121 per night, a very big disappointment.	
Nov 4 2005	The Worst Hotel We've Ever Stayed At In London	We have been going to England for over thirty years and we expect - unless one pays an absolute fortune - costly, small, not-very-good rooms in London. However, The Ambassadors' rooms have to be the worst we have ever encountered. Our one was so small that we had difficulty finding a spot to put our suitcases. Thinking that we might have just have been given a one-off room, we were shown another one. It was even smaller. The service also left a lot to be desired. We had to ask for two days before we received extra pillows and they were taken away the next day because the hotel was supposedly &quot;fully booked&quot;. It then took another day before we again received extra pillows. When we attempted to use the in-room safe we found it was broken. Again, it took a number of calls before anyone came - and, in the end, it could not be repaired. Our first night was disturbed when we were awakened because someone was trying to open our door. When I confronted the people, I was shown the details that they also had been given our room. In summary, I would certainly NOT recommend this hotel.	
Sep 9 2005 	Stylish new rooms	Something different happening at this hotel. After staying many times in tired looking rooms, I was really pleasantly surprised when I was offered one of their new rooms for a small upgrade supplement. The corridors smelled of new carpets and I was told they just finished that floor. Entering the room was a very pleasant experience. The design is stylish, modern and refreshing, yet elegent with wide screen LCD wall TVs and full air-conditioning. The bathroom walls are are clad in full sheet glass or mirrors. Unusual but attractive! The shower was excellent with plenty of force. The sleep was excellent, comfortable bed and silent (surprising for such a busy city centre location). Overall hotel staff service satisfactory. Breakfast was OK but could be better. Otherwise, quite an impressive experience overall.	
Jul 28 2005	Friendly service	I stayed here in June of this year. It is curently under-going a refit which it needs, but on the whole my stay here was very pleasant. The rooms are a bit small but they are clean and comfortable and once the refit is completed then i am sure they will be more than adequate. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful when i asked for local information. The resturant was clean and the food was great, there was always a wide variety of dishes on offer. It was a good` base for my trip to London and i will stay here again in the future.	
May 31 2005 	To be avoided	Unpleasant, shabby guestrooms and bathrooms: this place needs a major rehaul. As some of the other reviewers mentioned, it's far from clear where this hotel gets its three star rating from. When I checked in after a long day on the UK railway system, I couldn't even get into my room as there was a lot of construction work going on in the corridor. The bar/lounge is pleasant, but have a look at the bottles behind the bar and ignore the drinks list that's on the table: I found that roughly half of the drinks I was interested in, was unavailable. No Grolsch, no Glenmorangie, not a single drop of brandy. The Calvados that I chose after the third &quot;no&quot; was generous :-)The good news is that it's very close to Euston Station and that there's a very good Nepalese restaurant within walking distance. The Indian place around the corner is average.	
May 15 2005	Do not stay at this hotel !!!	This was without doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in my entire life! Disgusting. Filthy. Smelt awful. Stained pillows. The bathroom was like a fridge - the shower comprised of a lead from the tiny bathroom basin in the 'bathroom' - After complaining I was moved to another room - equally appauling - albeit slightly bigger but still smelled terrible - stale cigarette smoke &amp; musty! The third room was again slightly bigger and didn't smell just as bad - the only reason I didn't go somewhere else was my dad had already paid for it &amp; they wouldn't refund him. The Manager refused to speak with me - when I highlighted that the rooms/hotel advertised on web was nothing like it in reality I was told that they stated on website that the hotel was being refurbished &amp; that the rooms advertised were 'premier' rooms - they did not state any other this - the rooms at the front as extremely noisy &amp; the workmen arrive at 7.30am with their alarm call!! Awful awful awful - I only wish I had seen the other reviews on your website before we booked!	
Apr 27 2005	What a letdown	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. We had to change rooms after the first night because we couldn't shut the window which had been opened by the cleaners during the day. This was after 2 phone calls to tell them of the problem. We also noticed that the toilet was leaking. The second room which was 2 floors directly below the first had the heating on all night making it impossible to sleep. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Dec 8 2004	Not too bad	We stayed 2 nights at this hotel and expected worse after reading some of the reviews on this site. Our room was clean enough although we did face the street and the noise was bad.. traffice noise, the disco at the hotel opposite and the church bells to name a few meant an almost sleepless night. The bathroom did leave a lot to be desired, the towels where clean although a couple had holes in them but all in all the bathroom really could have done with a refit years ago. The room itself apart from a couple of stains on the carpet and a little paint flaking off the skirting boards was not too bad. Although for £150 a night I would have expected a LOT better. The breakfast was good and the service of the staff was also fine although all of the staff are foreign and this was a little difficult when attempting a conversation. The location is great for Kings Cross which is a 5 minute walk and great for buses and the tube. We would not be rushing back to visit again but it was not that bad that we had to complain about anything.	
Nov 29 2004	There are much better alternatives!		
Nov 4 2004	Horrendous!		
Oct 3 2004	Pokey the worst shower/bathroom ever experienced		
Sep 4 2004 	Horrible horrible horrible!		
Nov 19 2003	Stay Away!		
Jul 21 2003	Appalling		
Jun 9 2003	Absolutely Vile		
May 14 2003	Poor value		
Mar 14 2003	Decent Value Bad Service		
Nov 18 2002	Ugh!		
Oct 22 2009 	Parfait et pratique		
Sep 26 2009 	Hotel recomendable		
Jul 29 2009 	Si può trovare di meglio		
Jun 25 2009 	Camera minuscola buona posizione prezzo elevato		
Jun 2 2009 	Consigliatissimo		
