Nov 23 2009 	One Night for Business	Spent on night at the Hilton Park Lane on Business. Centrally located, and well kept. I would not say it was the smallest hotel room I have ever been in, but it was close. However, since it was just for one night and for one person, it was fine. The bed was fine. No complaints about the accommodations. The room was nice, about that you would expect at a mid-range hotel. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Any question you had they answered with a smile. I arrived early, about 10:30 in the morning and my room was ready. Ended up ordering Room Service for Dinner that night (while watching American football on TV). Food was brought quickly and was hot and tasty. The Breakfast Buffet the next morning was average. I can’t comment on the price for a client paid for the room and the breakfast was included.The Hotel was nice enough that I would consider it when traveling on vacation to London.	
Nov 23 2009 	Very nice but small noisy room.	We stayed one night on a LastMinute.com secret room bargain price. The room was very small but I suppose that is to be expected at such a reduced rate. It was however very nicely furnished with everything that you could want.However, whichever interior designer thought that it would be cool to set the flat screen TV's into the wall should have to spend the rest of their days trying to sleep when the TV in the next room set into the wall above your headboard is on through the night!!	
Nov 17 2009 	just so so gorgeous and i got upgraded to a suite perfect	This hotel is lovely.I booked a last minute room. This was a fantastic price and when I arrived there3 was a small queue at check in. A frinedly person asked if he could help and I said I could hang on, No need, he said, I'll check you in, and, on checking room availability upgraded me to a park lane suite. Just gorgeous, Double doors leading to a hallway, lounge with 2 chaise longues, easy chairs, 2 desks, dining table and a balcony overlooking hyde park, Then aq wet room aqnd bathroom, dressing room and the hugest bedroom. Robes and slippers. flatscreen tv everywhere.I went to dinner - can you believe this - £15 for two courses!! I had a lovely fish dish and then pistachio creme brulee.No probs checking out, I played posh and got a cab away from the hotel even though I had arrived by tube.Return - just give me the chance!	
Nov 16 2009 	snobbish and rude	Had stayed in the hotel on business a number of times.On this particular evening it was pouring rain and my friend and I had missed our flight so decided to stay as we had been eating nearby. We were looked up and down by the receptionist as were dripping wet and not dressed too smartly. We asked for a room and were told that only a suite at £700 was available (later found out this was a lie). We agreed to take it planning to quickly change and have a few drinks in the windows bar. The recpetionist was clearly shoked we agreed to take the room (obviously assuming that we couldnt afford it because of our clothes). She then said we needed photo ID to stay in the hotel. My friend could provide it but I dont carry anything with a photograph. She claimed it was Hilton policy to see ID from everyone who stays! I had stayed in another Hilton two days before( and many times previously) and never heard of this. I wondered if it was to combat fraud, I pointed out that my friend had ID and could pay or, if necessary, we could pay cash. She again insisted it was worldwide Hilton policy. We had to leave quite embarrased by this. No apology given and at one point she looked over our shoulder to apologise to another guest for having him waiting and would be with them when she had 'dealt' with us.We used to use Hilton on business (approx 50 nights per year) but that was the last time. We now use marriot most cities and find they are far more helpfull and don't require photographic ID from each customer,	
Nov 12 2009 	Five Stars my ****	Used Hilton Honours points as a HGVC Owner/Gold member to book a three night stay.No complementary upgrade given in spite of an executive room being offered on the original booking form. After we asked they grudgingly gave us free breakfast and a better room. The manager said that they had to give priority to the people that had &quot;paid a lot of money to stay&quot; there! It seems the thousands I've paid as a HGVC owner don't count and I felt I was being treated as some sort of freeloader.The room was cold and draughty. The bed was one of the hardest I've ever had difficulty sleeping in. The breakfast plates were cold, in spite of a sign warning otherwise. My sausage, bacon,scrambled egg, black pudding and tomato were cold by the time I got back to my table. Tuesday and Wednesday I wrestled the cold black pudding but Thursday I gave the free breakfast a miss. Some 'upgrade' that proved to be!The closest tube station is Hyde Park but certainly not close enough to walk with luggage or shopping bags in the rain.On the third evening we returned from town and noticed there were no towels! As it was a colder night we mentioned the room heating seemed to be blowing rather cool. An engineer appeared in good time and found the heating vents had been switched off! He fixed the heating problem but I found there to be no happy medium. It's either hot hot or switch it off. No thermostatic control.Internet access cost me £20 for 24 hours. Films were £12 each to watch in room.I liked the lift/elevator system and it's very convenient for the Hard Rock Cafe.If the Cavalieri Hilton is 5 stars then this one would be about 1.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great location great views	Generally, everything was excellent. We were right in the thick of London with easy access to attractions.The check-in was a bit muddled and a free-for-all.The price was excellent (lastminute).There was some day-time noise due to refurbishment, but not a big deal if you were heading out for the day.One complaint, which is the same for many hotels - there is no room in the mini-bar fridge to store personal items (medicine, food etc.) and if you remove items to make space, it records them as being used.	
Nov 11 2009 	Pleased with Park Lane Hilton	Our stay at the Park Lane Hilton came as the result of bidding on Priceline. The rate I received on Priceline was more than 50% off the online rate. I was a bit concerned after reading the very mixed reviews on TA. I called the hotel a week before our visit and requested a renovated room in a quiet area of the hotel away from the elevator, and that's we got. The room and the bathroom had been updated, and were just lovely. We arrived at 10AM, and didn't anticipate being able to check in early, but were taken to our room immediately.Our experience at this hotel was quite positive. The front desk and the concierge staff were friendly and helpful. It's location was excellent - there are buses right outside the hotel, and it's a three minute walk to the underground.There are two negatives to the Park Lane. The price for breakfast is outrageous - 20 pounds per person! By exiting the rear of the hotel you quickly comes to Shephard Street and Shephard Market, where you can find a more reasonably priced breakfast. We also quickly discovered that we could pick up muffins, fresh fruit, and orange juice the night before, place them by a cool window (this is November), and we were able to have breakfast in our room. Tea and instant coffee and a hot water kettle are provided i the room. There is a wonderful chain called Pret where you can pick up food, and doing breakfast this way cost but 8 pounds for the two of us.Internet access is also problematic - they want another outrageous sum of money. I only needed internet to print out boarding passes. The concierge said they could print out British Airways passes, but for some reason that was the only airline they could access. We ended up finding an internet cafe.I would be happy to stay at the Park Lane Hilton again, but would again be sure to phone in a request for a clean, updated, and quiet room.	
Nov 2 2009 	Frayed at the edges	Room was very dark and average with wardrobe doors that came off the runners. These were never fixed despite request to do so. Bathroom only slightly better. Small window filthy. Convenient enough location if you're in that part of town but way overpriced for what you get. Didn't even get an offer of valet parking.On the plus side there's a great Tapas place (El Pirata) round the corner.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great location getting run down no wi-fi!	Hard to beat this location. Central to everything. For England the service is passable, whatever that means? Trader Vics is actually cleaner than other reviewers have stated. Good restaurants and bars nearby. No wi-fi!	
Oct 26 2009 	great location in central london.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights before a world trip we were taking, its in a great location for all the sights of down town London, everywhere is only a short subway ride.Rooms are very nice with all you need for your stay, restaurant has a dress code on an evening however restaurants out the hotel dont seem to.After a hard day round the sights I decided to visit the spa, I was a little disappionted. The spa was very dated , in need of a refit.Staff are excellent and cannot do enough for you, well done guys! Special thanks to Milan on reception and our chamber maid Patty.	
Oct 19 2009 	Quite allright	Good service, decent place, good location.The dress code in the first class restaurant top floor ... yes, I appreciate that.Still went to the pub like steak house ground floor with my teenage daughter wearing sport shoes.	
Oct 17 2009 	Three Little Words - Awful Awful Awful	I managed to get a deal for a Sunday night, through Last Minute. I`m not suprised this Hotel is now offering deals all the time both for the hotel and for its` Spa. It is well past it`s sell by date ! The place is looking very tired, food in Trader Vics was very disappointing. The Spa was the most amateur set up I`ve ever come across, with a mix up over appointment times and the therapist I had to do just a basic pedicure was the worst I`ve ever come across. She was also doing a mini facial. My daughter could have done a better job. Don`t waste your time or your money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 12 2009 	Good location but not a brilliant Sunday night experience...	Stayed for a single night on a Sunday. Most facilities (including the panoramic bar) were closed after 10.30. Only option was the restaurant on the lower-ground floor. No bar snacks available, only full meals. Windows in room (10th floor) rattled all night and were not that well sound-proofed. Woken several times by emergency vehicles on the streets outside. On the plus side, rooms were well appointed and staff were helpful and courteous. Obviously location is second-to-none. It did seem as though every charging oppourtunity was exploited, including 15% service tip included in bills. Others have commented about £20/day for Internet, was intrigued by the &quot;Personal use of fridge-bar - £10 per day&quot; - I guess that means if you store any personal items in the mini-bar you will be charged. The first time I have seen that one!. I got a good price, so overall fairly happy. But if I'd paid the rack-rate it would have been a very different story...	
Oct 11 2009 	Five star? In their dreams	It never ceases to amaze me how some hotels get to be five stars. Facilities aren't everything and its the little touches and the service which make the difference. The Hilton was nothing special - my stay was courtesy of lastminute.com and I realised that they save particular rooms for such guests. Mine had a very becoming view of the roof-top air conditioning units. The grouting around the bath was grubby and the bed uncomfortable (I would have used the gym but my back seized up after my night's sleep). Didn't try the room service as the prices were particularly high.That said, the air-conditioning worked and the got the room to a sensible temperature.Just don't go for luxury.	
Oct 10 2009 	Iconic London central location: and excellent too!	The London Hilton on Park Lane is the iconic tower on Park Lane, with views over the whole of London... including into the Queen's back garden at Buckingham Palace. Perfectly situated for both tourist and West End business. And of course for great events and conferences. Service is immaculate as one would expect from the Hilton’s flagship, yet sometimes fails to deliver at other Mayfair hotels.It is not a budget hotel. But if you want somewhere that is special and lives up to expectations, then you would be hard pressed to do better.	
Oct 2 2009 	maybe good for london	I have stayed in a 5 star Hotel in Hong Kong, Los Angeles New York, and now London. To be brief, this does not resemble any of them. 3 stars would be more appropriete. The staff, the rooms, evreything I experienced just seems second rate. I am presently here, using the $35 a day internet....And it is slow..Like the staff, check in, actually, pretty sad..The best thing about this place is the location. too bad they have not used it to more of an advantage	
Sep 28 2009 	35th birthday weekend	Enjoyed the stay, friendly service, breakfast not as good as expected and tried to charge us for laundry, and extra tip and drinks from the room fridge that was not correct. Otherwise a nice stay.I would recommend but only if a 2-1 deal like we had and only if had access to the executive lounge like we had too.	
Sep 13 2009 	Don't stay here if youwant real 5 star	I expected at £550 per night a top class room. Dated to say the least, the room service was poor and constant mistakes from initial booking to trying to charge us again for breakfast and dinner even though we had paid in advance. Food was OK but nothing to write home about. When we checked out they tried to charge another £80 for taxes!!!! The manager was polite and simply recalculated the bill. The overall stay was fine b ut certianly not 5* we would not stay here for this price again. Most expensive &quot;average&quot; hotel we have ever stayed at.	
Sep 6 2009 	good London base great location and fantastic breakfasts	This was a well located, very comfortable hotel with a reasonable internet rate, with fantastic breakfast , Highly recommended for comfort and convenience if traveling for pleasure. Business center closed at four pm, which was inconvenient, as we did not have computer w/ us, but that was only drawback.	
Sep 3 2009 	Good Central Hilton	This is clearly among top-3 Hiltons in London, certainly better than the strange “chic” Trafalgar Square property. Not quite a full 5 star hotel as such, but anyway a very good 4 star choice for London. Quite pricey though and does not really have any special “London character” as such.  Review is based on a two night stay in September’09 (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe)Location:Good location in Mayfair, next to Hyde Park, walking distance to many major sights (e.g. Oxford Street, Bond Street, Buckingham Palace, Cabinet War Rooms, Harrods). Quite close Hyde Park Corner tube station, Green Park station bit further. Number of restaurants, nightclubs and pubs in the area. Room:As HHonors Diamond member I was upgraded into an Executive Room in 15th floor which was certainly large enough for me as a single traveler. Nice views towards city with London Eye, Big Ben etc clearly visible. Room was quiet, quite modern and very clean, no spots etc anywhere. Nice décor and very good lighting. Large marble bathroom with combined shower/bath. Typical equipment with LCD TV, mini bar, safe, LAN/WLAN etc Etc: Service was nothing to complain about, quite fast and effective whenever needed. Though I’m a low maintenance visitor, i.e. didn’t perform a deep analysis on the knowledge level of concierge or anything like that… One previous reviewer commented seriously undermanned front desk, that was not the case during my visit. Minor issue was that executive lounge access didn’t work in day 1, had to visit front desk to fix it. I had time to visit this lounge only during mornings when reasonably good cold breakfast was served. Lounge was located in the first floor and was quite large and relatively empty during breakfast, don’t know about evenings. I didn’t have any issues with the computerized elevator system, worked just fine. Regarding long delays other reviewers have complained about, I didn’t experience anything longer than one minute. Don’t know if I was just extremely lucky or what… In the room there were two bottles of water and some kind of pastry &amp; fruits. One positive note was that those water bottles were replaced with new (i.e. full) ones every day, this is of course how it should go but a number of hotels (including Hiltons in London) just give bottles when arriving and do not replenish them. Did not try bar/restaurant of the hotel so cannot comment them.One smallish issue you might want to keep in mind when taking public transport/walking to the hotel: it seems that location given by Google Maps is somewhat incorrect, actual location is ~300m north from the landmark “The London Hilton on Park Lane”, i.e. bit further way from Hyde Park Corner tube station. Would I return there?Yeah I would since there’s really nothing to complain about. Price was a bit steep, though. And this hotel doesn’t have the real London hotel character of old squeaky floor boards ;-)	
Aug 31 2009 	not a mouse free hotel	i saty for 5 night in this hotel i booked a KING EXECUTIVE ROOMthey upgred me with out tell me to JS when i get to the room it was so noisy with BAD VIWE because is loceted behind the lift service i went to the exective lounge we find a mouse there in 5 star hotel in london wooowso i went back to the reception i told them i need a quiet room they tell me you was a upgrade i told the reception guy its a noisy room i dont need ur upgradehe said no room he have ... speak to the manger if u cani went to the manger i told her i get a noisy room i want to change it i cant sleep she said u in JS i said agein i need to sleeepthen i told her about who is in 5 star hotel the mouse in the lounge room when she trying to tell me maby i was wrong the guy of the lounge was there so i said ask himthen i get anther room not JS I DONT know why i was upgrade then i was told there no room when there is ??i get to the room was 1214 just when was in the room trying to sleep after a long day noese came from the many bar i called the reception asking for the manger agine they tell me she goen we will send aengineer who told me the thing he can do ask the Mini Bar to colsed itso the noise goenthe room was okik but the flash in bathroom wasnt work i ask to be fixed but u cant ask more of 5 satr hoter with mouse in itin the good thing in the hotel was the BF and the concierge deskit wasted of money coz i cant use the lounge what i pay for itnot 5 star and not free mouse hotel	
Aug 23 2009 	Don't stay here if you can afford a real 5 star hotel in London this place is 3 star minus at most	From front office to house keeping, the hotel is BAD. The only good thind about this hotel is the location. I stayed here for 5 days. On the third day, they did not even bother to put even one towel in my room! Also the shower in the room is so weak it made me feel like staying in a cheap B&amp;B in Victoria.If you can affford to pay a little bit extra, it is recommended that you stay elsewhere in London. Please do not ruin your holiday or business by staying at London Hilton Park Lane.	
Aug 23 2009 	5 star pricing 2 star service	I arrived in July for a 12 night stay. Having reserved mine and my colleagues rooms in advance, which included payment the night before to guarantee our rooms for an early morning arrival as we flew overnight and a time chnage. The hotel sorted my colleagues room first as a gave up my room for him, as he requested a room with a view of the park. It took 1 hour before my garden view, king bedded room could be properly assigned, as my first room had 2 double beds and the second room they assigned had a on-going beep coming from the bathroom telephone and no there was not a message waiting.As it is customary to leave a credit card for associated charges, the Hilton made an error on mine and my colleagues accounts and doubled the amount being checked, to the tune of $21,000.00. It took 4 days to sort that out, as we had arrived on a Friday and the matter wasn't officially corrected till Tuesday the following week.Who ever designed and sold this elevator system to this hotel is now relaxing on some private island in the Caribbean. It is a joke and you don't find out how to use it till after your stuck in it and returned to the lobby or you get off on another floor and request your floor. It is not uncommon to wait 10 or minutes for an elevator and on a Saturday night I waited 20 minutes and finally road in the service elevator as I was late for a meeting. I found out later that one elevator was out of order, but at no time does this resort communicate that to their guests. Guest Services staff are not friendly or understanding to problems at all, but there is one woman in Guest Relations that is exceptional!Housekeeping is very inconsistent. I went 5 days with out face cloths, 2 separate days my towels were not changed and one day I had to ask 3 times for fresh towels, as they were never delivered when the room was serviced. Service in the top floor lounge is slow no matter if they're busy or not and they publicize it so much that most weekend afternoons its hard to get a table anyway.I put my time in, but I assure you it was an effort, as no time did the hotel do anything to compensate me until I asked. I ended up getting my first nights accommodations credited for the inconvenience.They maybe 5 star, but it's in the prices only. Its a great location, but I wouldn't go back, there aer plenty of other place stay.On a positive note, Trader Vic's was great., staff attitudes, service, food quality and I enjoyed entertaining there on 4 separate occasions. It's the only part of the hotel I was made to feel welcome paying over $350.00 a night	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice rooms poor service - overpriced	We arrived at 11.00am, and our room wasn't ready (as we expected), so we left our luggage with the concierge. On returning at 6.00pm, my wife had to queue at reception while I waited - and waited - at the unattended concierge desk. When he did at last turn up, with no apologies, he seemed to have trouble finding someone to fetch our luggage. Eventually we went to our room to find it was the wrong type (we booked a twin, were given a double). We had to argue the point with the surly receptionist, who eventually conceded that we would get a twin; again no apologies. We then had to wait - and wait - for a porter to bring us the new key.When we eventually got to the right room, we found the TV wasn't working, the hairdrier was missing, and the toilet had to be cranked up to flush. The room itself was spacious and comfortable. We had no problems with noise.With a hotel of this size, getting a lift quickly would always be difficult. I think this new computerized system works well.The breakfast, at a rather steep price of £25 for a self-service, buffet, style, was very good for both quality and choice.We had to queue again at checkout. The reception desk seems to be seriously undermanned, and, being generous, I hope that their rather cold attitude is due to being overworked.The published prices lead me to expect a top of the range hotel where the service and facilities would be impeccable. Sadly, it's just a moderately good (in some respects) chain hotel. With so much choice out there, I wouldn't go back.	
Aug 17 2009 	Avoid this place!	We used HHonor points to stay here (hubby is a Silver Hhhonors member and I am a Gold).The customer service we experienced at the front desk was awful - not welcoming and in fact they ignored me when I voiced an in-person complaint about the room type we received. Terrible.All of that I can overlook as long as the room is what I reserved, but this wasn't the case either. I would never stay here again. I would have been even more disappointed had I used real money for my 4-night stay.	
Aug 17 2009 	Room rate 	Booked hotel through Lastminute Top Secret, delighted when hotel revealed to be Hilton Park Lane, then read some negative TA reviews. My experience was generally pretty positive. Although when we arrived at 3pm the room still wasn't ready and no apology or explanation, told we'd have to wait an hour, free drinks were offered. The fact that it had been a long day I didn't think was my fault or that interesting really. Hotel only 15 minute walk to Selfridges so we set off for a quick shop. When we got back and got into our room we were very pleasantly surprised, room 813 was a decent size, great view and very comfortable 6 foot bed. Plus card and 1/2 btl of bubly from GM - great touch, I'd mentioned on booking that it was my wife's birthday. I don't unerstand why there was only one comfy chair in the room, trying to relax with a glass of free fizz overlooking London sitting upright on a desk chair didn't work for me. I found the concierge to be rather cold and giving of the bare minimum of info.In my experience the elevator system was great, but only because I had realised what to do after reading about it on TA. Reception really should advise guests to select the floor from console in lobby and go to the lift designated.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great value 	I stayed at the London Park Lane Hilton for 5 days in May. As a Hilton Gold member I received an upgraded room and free breakfast everyday even though I paid about $140 a night through priceline.The hotel is located at an excellent location and you can walk to a variety of places including the Theatre district, Selfridges, the US embassy, &amp; Harrods.The room was nice with a King bed, flat screen TV and well appointed bathroom. The buffet breakfast was a nice start to the day. All my staff interactions were excellent even though the hotel was quite busy with weddings, award galas and conferences.My only complaint was the new elevator system which hopefully they will improve.This hotel is a great place to stay.	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent	A one night destination stay to visit Windows restaurant on the top floor. We had a discounted room so not large, deluxe or best views. However for a wonderfully located hotel in London (a stone’s throw from a sunny walk around the Serpentine in Hyde Park and shops of Oxford St. etc.) is was fine and came with all the trimmings of robes, slippers and quality toiletries as one would expect. Any brief issues were dealt with promptly and courteously.Our experience for dinner at Chris Galvin’s restaurant at Windows surpassed our expectations. We have eaten in many Michelin stared restaurants in various destinations and felt that the food here was of equal standard. Superb tasting menu with accompanying wines was delicious and inventive. All courses were expertly explained and any comments we made appeared to be appreciated. The overall service, attention and ambiance was excellent. With such stunning views we had half expected them to be relying on this to get by but were pleasantly surprised. Overall I can see that the hotel may need and indeed is receiving some maintenance but this was made up for by the exemplary service throughout our stay. We would definitely stay again and recommend it.	
Jul 28 2009 	I was almost frozen in the executive room	It wa s a cold and rainy day and in the evening I tried to set the temeperature at a higher level but it was impossible. I asked for help at the reception and they said something was broken or the temperature system was set on summer mode and they cant do anything about it. I think they could have done better for the rate paid there.	
Jul 27 2009 	A HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT	Booked this through last minute.com for my husband's birthday. For the £220 a night price tag I was expecting great things. We were both dissapointed and angry to find the first room they reserved for us was tiny and over looking the bins. When i complained they stated there was no other rooms available in the hotel for &quot;lastminute&quot; bookers. In other words, if you had booked directly with the hotel they could find us a better room-disgusting. Eventually when I got extremley angry they miraculously found us another room which was equally as tiny but at least had a view.If they don't like people to book thorugh lastminute they should not advertise on ther site-be warned, you will be treated like an inferior guest. They also would not accept my hilton honours card!! The last straw was that Galvins was shut for breakfast &quot;until the foreseable future!&quot;. For this sort of money i am disgusted. I wil never stay in a Hilton again.	
Jul 15 2009 	impressed	hi stayed here for a ball ,the room had a lovely view ,i had requested a low floor and i got it (i hate lifts).the room was ok i did complain but to no avail... all the knobs were off of the chest of drawers strange but true!!!!!!!the breakfast was devine and the food at the ball fab the staff were all very very nice ....	
Jul 4 2009 	Great if you can get a discount	Perfect location in the middle of everything, close to the tube, and many busses. We got our booking on priceline and got a huge discount. We would not have been able to pay full price. The rooms are clean and descent size. Avoid the breakfast because it was probably one of the most expensive meals during our whole vacation - breakfast, lunch, or dinner.	
Jun 25 2009 	Would not choose this hotel again	I was lucky enough to win a two night stay at the Hilton Park Lane in a raffle in another Hilton hotel, so feel a little guilty writing a mixed review when I was truly their guest. The good points were that our room was large and comfortable and had a reasonable view. The bathroom was most satisfactory. The location may suit many if they wish to go to Knightsbridge and Picadilly but I had previously stayed in Covent Garden and found this far more convenient for the sights and restaurants. We had to queue for about ten minutes to check in which is fine when the trip is free but not when you are paying several hundred pounds per night. There just weren't enough staff on reception. The lifts were awful in terms of waiting. A regular visitor told us that they were actually worse since the new computerised system was put in. Also, only two of the four lifts were available. Breakfast was included in our deal and although I enjoyed the fruit options, my partner found mould on his bread. Upon him pointing this out to staff, it was hastily removed. The minibar prices were outrageous but we were not charged for using the fridge to chill our champagne - all the charges that had been put on the bill were removed without us even needing to mention it. The concierge did not know anything about the household cavalry practising in the park just opposite the hotel and we happened upon this spectacle despite him trying to send us off in the opposite direction.I did not feel that the hotel offered more than a three star hotel and it had no character. I will stay in the Strand/Covent Garden area again next time I go to London and I know I can get a comparable room in a better location for a fraction of the Hilton's prices. For free, it was very nice!!	
Jun 25 2009 	Nice enough hotel	Stayed one night on June 20th in a normal room on the 11th floor. Room had a view from Big Ben round to Hyde Park Corner. On lower floors adjacent buildings would block view so the higher the better. Room was fairly spacious with a nice bathroom, twin sinks, full size bath with good over-head shower and hand shower, and bidet (toilet as well of course). Large flat TV with lots of channels. I agree with noise comments; when we arrived the next door TV was obvious, not just a dull sound in the background. We could also hear the ding as the lifts arrived. Noise in the bathroom from next door or floor above. However, all noise went as night came but your experience will depend on the activity of others and could be annoying.Lifts worked fine.Galvin at Windows has a £58 prestige menu for dinner with cheaper options outside the main dinner time. We were disappointed with the food although the restaurant setting and service was excellent. Pork belly came nicely presented but too much fat. Turbot was very plainly cooked and lacked the turbot &quot;chew&quot;. Foie gras starter good but the soup was rather tasteless. The Creme caramel was delicious but a panacotta, again, fine but bland. One of these came with some delightful madelines. The meal came to just under £200 but they then only charged for one menu as we had been disappointed. Maybe we were unlucky; it is a very professionally run restaurant with efficient and pleasant staff; pity the food was not up to it on this occassion.The top floor bar is a good place to spend time in drinking champagne!Checkout seemed hampered by modern computers rather than speeded up! However, reception staff very pleasant and were trying hard to make the check in/check out as smooth as possible.Overall an enjoyable place to stay.	
Jun 21 2009 	Brilliant location!	Stayed for one night with my wife. Used Hilton Honors points, therefore our stay didn't cost a penny. Pros: brilliant location on Park Lane- close to my favourite part of London- Mayfair and within walking distance of Hyde Park and Green Park, Knightsbridge, Piccadilly, Buckingham Palace, the Marble Arch and the shopping areas of Bond Street and Regent Street, etc.; straightforward check-in and out; efficient concierge and foyer staff; roomy bedroom- very comfortable bed, nice decor and effective lighting; large marble bathroom- his and her basins and bidet; brilliant lifts; good for people watching.Cons: expensive if you pay the full rate; some street and traffic noise during the night; lacks lounge areas for relaxing, reading having a coffee, etc.	
Jun 21 2009 	Not bad but nothing out of the ordinary	Stayed with a friend for 1 night, only using the hotel as a bed for the night. Got a cheap dal, otherwise would not have used this hotel at £250 per night.First impressions were that the hotel seemed to have too much security, you expected to be searched before entering the building. The reception area was huge, but a little dark and didnt give a warm impression. The hotel staff were okay and check in quick. The room was clean, but a little bit worn at the edges. I didnt use any of the hotel services there but I slept fine in the air con room.	
Jun 19 2009 	Happy at the Hilton	Although our stay was far from perfect, I was very happy overall with my comfort level at the Hilton. When there were problems or issues, the staff showed concern and found ways to handle them to our satisfaction -- and so, I would say that the service was in keeping with a 5 star hotel. We were there for 6 nights. My boyfriend was sent to London for a conference and so we added a few days for pleasure and I tagged along. The Hilton was selected by his company, but even so I read all the reviews on Tripadvisor before we left. I noted that there were complaints about the noise level in the rooms, and sure enough, although our first room was pretty and comfy, we asked to change after the first night. We could hear both the TV and conversations from the room next door, and my boyfriend was awakened by noise early in the morning. The Manager accommodated our request and explained that most rooms were connected and so noise issues were not uncommon. Our new room on the 13th floor was not connected to another, and was perfectly quiet during the rest of our stay. It also had the advantage of being a bit larger than the first room with enough space for my yoga practice. The housekeeper was great and accommodated special requests for top sheets and extra towels. Views of the park and city were wonderful. All room service requests were handled immediately.We encountered problems in both our rooms with the internet connection. In the first room, my boyfriend was able to connect after about 1/2 hour of troubleshooting over the phone with the service provider. However, in the second room after spending hours with both his own IT Dept in NY and the service provider for the hotel without results, he was forced to work from the Hilton's Business Center on the 4th Floor for the remainder of our visit. The hotel manager arranged for prepaid on-line time at my boyfriend's request, and, while not as convenient as we had hoped, this solution worked out as we were not prepared to change our room for a second time. Since we were never able to fathom whether the problem was with some quirk in my boyfriend's computer set-up or with the hotel's internet provider, we could not entirely blame the Hilton for this issue.But, due to the lack of internet access in our room, I was not able to do my usual restaurant research and we had not pre-planned where to eat during our stay. Fortunately, the Hilton's location was great and there were many good restaurants to walk to in Mayfair and Shepards Square right behind the hotel. Boudin Blanc, in particular, a 5-minute walk away, was a lovely French bistro with excellent food -- best whole seabass I've had. The hotel's concierge desk was very helpful with recommendations and reservations. The hotel's location is great -- a 15-20 minute walk will take you to many parts of the city. On a comfort level of 1-5, I would give the hotel room a 5. There was excellent lighting and lots of full length mirrors in both the room and the bathroom -- a must! -- and there was a nice shaving mirror in the bathroom for make-up application. The water pressure in the shower was great. The bed was absolutely delicious -- extremely comfortable and a bit on the hard side as I like it, yet the pillows were soft and not too high which can give me a neckache. Those who like high pillows can stack two. The temperature level in the room was comfortable and controllable with decent A/C. The hairdryer was good, although there was not an outlet for it in the bathroom.I understand the issues that other Tripadvisor writers have had with the lifts, but after initial confusion, I thought they were brilliant and worked fine. In such a busy hotel, one needs to be prepared to wait a minute or two on occasion.The minibar. Yes, this was an issue. The hotel does not provide refrigerator space for its guests and posts a notice that refrigerator use will cost 10 pounds per day. I was outraged that there would be a rental for the refrigerator as well as for the room, and I went to the front desk to inquire/complain. I was told that we were welcome to store a few items in the mini bar refrigerator and that unless we commandeered the entire refrigerator for our use, there would be no charges. However, the minibar works electronically and charges did accrue from opening the door and moving items to make room for a few pieces of fruit and our own Evian. It is ridiculous, at 4.50 pounds per bottle, to drink the hotel's and we bought our own 6 pack nearby for much less than that. When we left, the hotel had to reverse over 100 pounds in minibar charges -- we had not taken a single item. While the Hilton made no fuss about reversing our charges, this system still does not work well and the Hilton should provide a little refrigerator for their guests' use.Last glitch. There was a fire alarm drill on Tuesday afternoon, announced throughout the hotel. Fine, took 5 minutes. But, the next morning at 6:00 a.m., the alarm announcement went off throughout the hotel -- only this time it did not say that it was a drill, just to await further instructions. The announcements went on continuously for several minutes, just to ensure that you could not fall back asleep. Finally, an announcement that all was okay and an apology for the inconvenience. As my boyfriend said, it was like a bad Monty Python skit.I loved the Hilton. They had a diverse range of guests, mostly upscale travelers, yet the staff was unpretentious and lovely to deal with from the doormen to the desk staff, managers, concierge staff, etc. I would definitely recommend it.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great hotel great location	Got a great prepaid deal on the internet at 150 pounds per night inclusive of all taxes, and buffet breakfast for 2 - we stayed 2 nights . Rooms were spacious and comfortable - a delight to be in a purpose built hotel instead of one of the multitude of old and creaky converted guest houses disguising themselves as &quot;hotels&quot;. The buffet breakfast was also very good. Location was great especially for easy access to Picadilly and Knightsbridge. My only complaint is they do not provide complimentary WIFI in bedrooms or the looby - charge was 20 pounds for 24 hrs.	
Jun 13 2009 	Good hotel for the business traveller	The newly remodeled floors are quite nice. I stayed in a room on the 20th floor and had access to the executive lounge. The room was compact but nicely appointed and very functional. The bathroom is a little too small but very nice. I had trouble using the sink as the shelves above it crowded too close to the sink. The executive lounge was a comfortable spot to getaway. The breakfast served there was very good as well as the snacks and beverages provided throughout the day. The only gripe I had was the cost of internet service. At close to $30/day, it was outrageous.	
Jun 12 2009	How dreadful can it be!!	This hotel was the choosen destianation for the first night of honeymoon for my brother in law and his new wife. I simply tried to book and breakfast and have never in my life had such trouble in all my life, god know what it must be like trying to book a hotel room in this hotel.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great Location Great Gym Great room B'fast not good value for money	A successful bid for £97 per night (room only), through Priceline.co.uk in April '09, for a 3-night stay over the second May bank holiday (2009), and total price came to £344 inc taxes. Upon confirmation of the successful bid, I was able to telephone the hotel to confirm that I wanted a double room. We were put on the 5th floor at the end of a corridor and enjoyed a good (westerly) view of the some of Hyde park, without specifically requesting it. I would recommend the gym as it is well organised and well laid out with pleasant changing facilities, and 24hrs access, and included in the room price. Our bathroom needed re-grouting but otherwise fine. Room facilities like the safe and ironing board with iron were very handy. When asked for feedback from Hilton via email after the stay, I criticized the room's provision of whole milk only in the tea/coffee making box (I prefer skimmed) and discussed that I was very surprised to have a discretionary service charge added to my bill for a self-service continental breakfast (If I hadn't been in a hurry, I would have asked them to remove it - wonder if anyone else here has tried). This prompted a personal email for more information about this issue from the restaurant manager, to which I replied stating the same again - (no reply to this so far). I also bemoaned Hilton's inability to provide free WIFI in public areas - the charge for this was unreasonable, given the average set up costs for WIFI. Is there a list of 5* London hotels that DON'T charge for WIFI in public areas?	
Jun 6 2009 	Great location	We spent 4 nights in an Executive room and loved the comfortable room, beautiful viewand excellent breakfast. Very helpful staff and near to Harrods, Oxford Street and Picadilly. We'll choose this hotel again on our next trip to London;	
Jun 3 2009 	Watch out for the minibar	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights after spending 5 days in Paris.I got an excellent price (less than $150) via Priceline.The check in service was fast and friendly. The hotel itself was more than acceptable. The &quot;smart&quot; elevator system worked well and we did not have to wait long during the entire stay.Our room was clean and large. View from our 8th floor window was nothing worth noting. There was wind noise occasionally.There were many US 110V AC outlets in our room.The breakfast buffet was great. The staff in Podium was excellent. While there were plenty to choose from, I wished that they can change few items on some days to get more variations. The location is OK. Getting the luggages between the hotel and the tube station might be harder than other location because people had to use the pedestrian subways to cross the streets there.The restaurant on the 28th floor was excellent. Food was delicious and service was just right on the spot.Onto the negatives. The &quot;fully automatic&quot; minibar was something else. I read about it on TA before the trip but I totally forget about pitfalls once I arrived. Two advices: 1) Don't touch anything; 2) Take inventory. We put our own water bottles into the minibar at night. Big mistake. Moving their items around triggered a large automated minibar bill. They also charged us 20 pounds for two missing items. Those items were not there when we arrived. So take an inventory when you arrive.The staff did not believe us when we checked out. They had to send someone to check the minibar while we waited for over 30 minutes. At the same time, there were another couple checking out who also had similar minibar problem.Overall, I think the hotel was more than acceptable for me, especially for the price I paid.	
May 31 2009 	A fantastic treat	My husband won two nights at the hotel in a silent auction - and although I he paid £250 (a great amount of money as far as I was concerned!) we realised very soon that he had got an absolute bargain. Check in was simple, the staff were very friendly and helpful and we were given a room one up from the basic category. The view from the window was fantastic, overlooking Hyde Park, only to be outdone by the 28th floor bar and restaurant. Everyone must treat themselves to a drink from Galvin's and admire the views of the capital.We had no problems with the lifts, as highlighted by previous reviewers, the breakfast choice is extensive (the almond croissants are a handful of heaven) and the location close to Hyde Park tube station and the 73 bus stop (as well as the open top bus tour stops) makes it very easy to get around. We were pleasantly surprised by Hyde Park itself - well maintained and several things to see in it. All in all, a very pleasant place to stay in London - if you can afford it!	
May 28 2009 	What a treat!!!	I booked the Hilton on Park Lane as a birthday surprise for my wife and what a surprise it turned out to be. I had requested an Executive King Room on a high floor and also booked Galvin at Windows on the 28th floor for our evening celebration. On arrival we were treated with great courtesy and a &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; greeting for my wife and in view of the special occasion we were allocated a Park Lane Suite on the 14th floor. What a splendid room and what a view from the balcony - straight over Hyde Park. The suite comprised a large lounge area with enough seating for at least 4 people, flat screen wall mounted TV, desk etc and leading directly onto the balcony.The bedroom and bathroom was huge, walk-in wardrobe was very handy and overall, we couldn't have wished for more sumptuous accommodation.After unpacking we left for a theatre matinee performance and returned at 5.30 pm to find champagne on ice, a box of hand made chocolates and a birthday card from the General Manager - now that's what I call service!Our upgrade also came with access to the Executive Lounge on the first floor so we took advantage of free drinks and snacks prior to our meal at Galvin's.On arrival at the restaurant my wife was again wished Happy Birthday and we were shown to a window table with fantastic views over Buckingham Palace grounds. The meal was superb, the service was top notch and the value for money unquestionable. After a lovely evening we returned to the room to find yet another plate of hand-made chocs and a bowl of fruit - needless to say we couldn't have eaten another thing after the culinary indulgences of the day - but we did take them home!I would like to extend my sincere thanks to all at the Hilton who contributed to a fantastic occasion and we will certainly return in the not too distant future.	
May 27 2009 	EXCELLENT in EVERY single way!!!	I don not even know why some people have anything bad to say about this hotel! Our experience is the BEST it could ever be! I have never been to a better hotel in my life!5 Star hotel INDEED!Excellent location, modern elevator system, very very clean, friendly staff, spacious room, flat screen in the room, comforable &amp; large bed, excellent quality bathroom but the greatest of all were three things: 1. The magnificent London view from our room window2. The DELICIOUS breakfast at the Podium restaurant!!3. The 28th floor!!!The breakfast has a HUGE variety of choices, it can stuff you for the rest of the day!The beautiful view of London can also be better enjoyed from the 28th floor where the bar is established, either during daytime or at night (Stanishing!!!!). Altough the drinks are a bit expensive, it is certainly worth EVERY PENNY of it!!!There was only a bad thing about our stay at the hotel: the fact that we had to leave!!!So, I am not sure why you are still reading this review. Run fast and secure that room you have been thinking about at this hotel! You will love it!!!Advantages: All mentioned aboveDisadvantages: NOT A SINGLE ONE!!!	
May 20 2009 	Great location but not the luxury promised.	In a 5 star hotel, my main priorities are fluffy towels (these were scratchy), easy check in procedure with professional staff (ok-a bit of a wait) and a bit of 'wow' factor. The views are lovely from this hotel but I suppose being a Hilton I could have predicted the rooms to be tidy, clean and a bit boring. The Intercontinental right next door has really sumptious comfortable rooms so I'd pick them next time. Oh, and our bathroom had old toothpaste in the sink and mastick filler all over the place so 1* for attention to detail	
May 18 2009 	Such Mixed Feelings	Thought long and hard about this review as the hotel is part good and part not so good and would like to be fair. The good first. The location is excellent with good public transport connections and Park Lane is special. The views are superb whether over Hyde Park and including Albert Memorial, the Lido and the Princess Diana Fountain or over &quot;London&quot; with so many &quot;spots&quot; Palace of Westminster, Westminster Abbey, St Paul's, the London Eye,the &quot;gherkin&quot; Wembley Stadium Arch and even a part of Buckingham Palace and Green Park visible. We had specifically asked for a Park View and loved it but our accommodation was moved and we then enjoyed a London view and hard to say which we preferred.On leaving the lift I doubt there are more than 25 yards to walk to any room. Vast improvement to the long corridors and frequent corners encountered in many hotels today. As we were to discover the upper floors have been refurbished and are vastly superior to the lower levels (that includes 15th). The staff were all extremely polite and helpful. The problems we encountered were dealt with in a very polite and helpful manner with care and we were made to feel the hotel cared. We did hear numerous other guests who were also making complaints and generally it seemed they were handled well.The not so good. This is a 28 floor hotel with the 28th containing a restaurant. There are 4 lifts. The hotel has just installed a new and expensive computerised lift system and it is a total disaster. The theory is on the one and only &quot;control panel&quot; you tap in the floor you want and the panel then tells you lift A or B or C or D. What the panel does not know is whether there are 1 or 4 or 10 people in the group or if luggage is involved or babies in push chairs. It all becomes totally chaotic. The lift is also slow arriving and people start re-entering destinations 2 and more times. When the lift does arrive the doors open and close very quickly. First experience you can easily miss the lift and you learn quickly grab and hold the door. On more than one occasion we found the lift stopped on every floor with no one entering or leaving the lift. By stop 15 you are extremely frustrated. We heard so many people comment that they would never come to this hotel again purely on the basis of the lifts.We had booked an Executive Room during the Hilton January Sale Promotion. Our booked &quot;package&quot; supposedly included additional items such as Mineral Waters, Fresh Fruit, etc&quot;. I am also a Hilton Honours member.We did arrive around early around 11.00 a.m. and were told our room was not ready but we could leave our luggage with the Concierge and have use of the Executive Lounge on the 1st Floor. The key-card we were given for the Executive Lounge did not work. We rung the bell no answer. Down to reception the key was re-processed and back up to the Lounge. Now 3 other people waiting with same problem. New Key-card does not work and ringing bell does not help. Back down to reception and this time we are accompanied back to the lounge. It seems there is a &quot;fault&quot; on the door system but finally we are all admitted.At Check In we had also been told the hotel was fully booked. The &quot;fully booked&quot; did ring a few alarm bells based on past experiences. When we were able to get our room number we were on the 15th floor which seemed strange since &quot;Executive Rooms&quot; were supposedly the &quot;higher floors&quot; but we did have the Park view as requested. On entering the room I immediately suspected that this was not an Executive room simply a normal room and we had Executive Lounge access. If you have used Executive Rooms in Hilton Hotels you know what you can expect in toiletry items/robes etc. and this room was lacking as were the mineral waters and the fruit plus the Mini Bar was empty. It was clear from many marks on furniture etc plus missing towel rails etc that the room was in need of some care and attention. I noted a family leaving an adjoining room and asked did they have an Executive Room and was advised &quot;NO&quot;. I went down to the Executive Lounge and posed the question &quot;Is Room 1513 an Executive Room&quot; I was then asked for my name. I did reply that my name was irrelevant the point was &quot;Is Room 1513 an Executive Room&quot;. It seemed to access the computer my name was required!! Surprise surprise once my name was known &quot;Yes Room 1513 is an Executive Room&quot;. The mineral water and fruit were missing because I was &quot;not entitled&quot;. Lucky I had my printed confirmation and having produced that was assured that it would receive attention. I was assured that the other items would receive attention and be placed in the room.We left and went out to enjoy London. In the evening we returned to the hotel. More lift problems. Enter the room go to turn on the bedside light and discover that the upright stem is so loose on the base it rocks like 45 degrees. No fruit no mineral water. Toiletry items as were. The &quot;Message Waiting&quot; light on the telephone is flashing but no message can be accessed. The TV sound is so low you cannot hear a word. Go to take a bath and soak the aching joints - try to lower the plug and find it does not work but then neither does the switch to change the apparatus from shower setting to bath. Call and ask for the Duty Manager and are informed the Guest Relations Manager will come to the room.The young lady is very polite very helpful and listens carefully especially to my comments regarding &quot;Hilton Executive Rooms and what you know should be there&quot; and my suspicions. Staff are immediately summoned to attend to the lamp, the bath, the TV, and the fruit/mineral water and toiletries. The &quot;Message Waiting&quot; light seems cannot be solved. We are then asked if we would please retain the room for the night and the next day we would be moved to a suite as &quot;a gesture&quot;. We agree.We go out for the day leaving our luggage packed returning late afternoon. We have indeed been moved and our luggage is waiting in the new room. We are in Suite 2018 and it is very clear that all the upper floors have been refurbished and are much improved. Our Mayfair Suite is on the opposite side to Park Lane and Hyde Park with spectacular views over Mayfair, Westminster and on to the city. It is lovely. We call the Duty Manager to thank her and are told that a complimentary bottle of wine is on its way up to our room. Without any doubt our complaints and concerns could not have been handled with more professionalism and care.Would we stay here again? So difficult to answer. We loved the position. The staff we met were polite and helpful. The manner in which the complaint was handled by Guest Relations Manager beyond approach...........but those lifts!!! Then there is the feeling that the other issues should never have arisen.	
May 15 2009 	Great position	Difficult to imagine a better location. Room and service true 5 star.	
May 15 2009 	Great location	First time at this hotel. Very good location, staff very friendly. Restaurantand bars unbeliveably expensive but a few blocks away behind hotela Niagra of small restaurants and bars and pubs at great prices. Paid129.00 Us through Hotwire so very good price for this 4 star hotel	
May 8 2009 	Comfotable but don't take your maiden Aunt.	This is a well located comfortable hotel. The check-in staff were particularly helpful and the rooms clean, with tremendous views over the London skyline. They have a new elevator system which is slow at busy times, but I am sure will improve. The breakfast was good and overall the level of service is what you would expect from a hotel of this standard.Now to explain the maiden aunt comment. The hotel takes on a different atmosphere the later it gets. My colleagues and I had been out for dinner and got back about 11.30 pm. There were clearly a number of ladies of the night on the hotel bar and transactions (in cash) being openly carried out. I was approached a couple of times, in a not too subtle way with offers of company and services. When I got up to my room there was a young lady sitting on the floor outside the room opposite mine in an obvious state of intoxication. She had been trying to get into the room but the occupant wasn't interested. Eventually security came an &quot;escorted&quot; her away. So, if you have no problem with this type of thing, enjoy the Hilton. But if your aunt is subject to a regular attack of the vapours, stay away!!	
Apr 27 2009 	Five Stars All The Way- With a Few Exceptions	The London Hilton on Park Lane is truly a luxurious, five star hotel. My husband and I stayed there during a one week vacation from April 19 to April 26. London is a world class city and the Hilton on Park Lane suits it perfectly. From the elegant lobby to the excellent location to the comfortable, plush rooms, the London Hilton on Park Lane merits five stars. We felt comfortable, safe, and relaxed during our entire vacation. We booked through CAA online and reserved a king-size bed and the breakfast buffet was included in the total cost. It was not cheap, but we felt the price was justified and we did not mind paying (with one exception, see below).Our room was on the 24th floor (room 2405) with an amazing view of Hyde Park and Buckingham Palace. Based on our experiences, some of the highlights of the London Hilton Park Lane were:- check in, check out were fast- wonderful service from the concierge staff and the morning breakfast crew in the Podium restaurant- well-appointed, very clean luxurious room- bathroom was luxurious with Crabtree &amp; Evelyn bath products- of course, amazing location and viewsThere were a few exceptions to note, but they did not detract from our five star experience:- £4 per minute charges if you call a mobile phone number. My husband and I were not aware of this, did not see anything in the room with the rates, and we ended up with a £48 charge on our final bill!! This is completely ludicrous and highway robbery! We only learned of the rates upon check out. If you call a landline, charge is £1 per minute. But if you dial a cell phone number (you may not even realize you are calling a cell phone) it will be £4 per minute. We would love to know how the hotel justifies this insane charge.- During the week, the elevators were swift and prompt. The hotel recently upgraded to a new system and we never had a problem. On the weekend, the elevators were completely packed with guests. We had to wait up to 10 minutes for an elevator sometimes on the weekend. It seemed the new programmable elevator system was not working properly but there were no signs announcing any problems with the elevators- the bed pillows in our room were extremely small and flat. The king size bed itself was comfortable, the linens were nice and we slept great during our stay, it just seemed that the pillows did not match the rest of the surroundingsOverall, the London Hilton on Park Lane was a fabulous hotel and we would stay there again without hesitation.	
Apr 25 2009 	if you like very long elevator waits stay here	the hotel, which is lovely, has introduced a new elevator system that means you often have to wait ten or so minutes to simply get to the appropriate one. Even staff is exasperated about the &quot;smart&quot; system. You punch the floor you want to go outside the elevator and it assigns you a specific elevator. If another elevator comes first, even if it is empty, you can't board because you can't press the floor inside of the elevator. Stuck!	
Apr 23 2009 	good hotel for 1 night break away	We live in London and as we had a week of work decided to be a tourist in our own city. We stayed at Hilton Park Lane last night. The hotel was ok, the room was clean but small, ok for 1 night… We booked this hotel through last minute .Com secret hotels paid £122 for the room per night so good value for London. Good points. The buses tell you when you are near the stop to get off. The bus stop is directly outside. Clean room, good Crabtree and Evelyn products in the bathroom. Good view of london we could see the London eye..Bad points  Outrageous prices £3.50 for a mars bar £5 for a small bottle of water in the mini bar..had to pick myself up of the floor when read the mini bar menu. £10 to use the fridge for the day or £50 for the week (Don't think that includes the contents)… we did not have any small towels in the bathroom. The breakfast was £22+ very expensive as for few pounds more you could have afternoon tea at the Ritz..I would not have paid the full rate for this hotel but good deal… Have stayed in better 5* hotels around the world… TOP LONDON TIPS 1. Buy a London Travelcard2. Get 2 for 1 London attraction tickets from http://www.daysoutguide.co.uk/attraction-types/2for1london.aspx (these are valid with a London travelcard or train ticket)..3. Look at toptable.com for good deals on resturants and book a table.. As I live in London if you have any queries or questions about this hotel or London. Please feel free to contact me…	
Apr 19 2009 	Posh takes a beating	A posh address and the who's who of cars parked in its driveway..Park Lane Hilton impresses..But don't expect much from the service or food. Very popular amongst visitors from the Middle East, and its menu reflects that.	
Apr 17 2009 	Stunning views fantastic service.	I stayed at this hotel with my partner on a Lastminute 'secret deal' which cost less than the staff rate ! Check-in was fast, friendly and uncomplicated. We expected to be allocated one of their smaller rooms but instead were given a Kingsize room on the 11th floor. The American-standard king size bed was 7' wide and extremely comfortable The bathroom was well lit with heated mirror and properly ventilated - marble tiled with a large bath and complimentary bathrobes. Our room had panoramic views across London including the London Eye. The mini bar prices were outrageous. e.g. 500ml Evian @ £4.50. From the outside the hotel looks dated but the interior is quite plush with super-fast, funky lifts. The staff are very professional and courteous.	
Apr 17 2009 	Much better than expected	My son and I used Priceline (147.00/night) for our first trip to London and ended up at the Hilton. After immediately checking reviews I had trepidations. Upon arriving and staying at the hotel, the were unfounded.Pros:We were able to check in very early and get a room with two single beds. The room was pleasantly well sized, and very clean. The service at the hotel was very good for any problems we encountered. While the beds are not that comfortable (my 18 year old thought they were fine) we had space around and between the beds. The location is fine, views excellent, and it is in a very quiet and safe part of town. Access to the train station is a five minute walk (although not the easiest if you have an issue with stairs). The concierges, doormen, and front desk people were great. Lastly, the Hop on-Hop Off tour stop is directly across the street and the Rock Legends tour starts right around the corner. There are a number of excellent restaraunts and pubs within a five minute walk.Cons:30.00 US for internet/day? NO WAY! Our room keys also did not work on a couple of different occasions, and one time we tried three different sets. It took the staff 20 minutes to get us into our room. The voicemail system did not work for three days and I had a message I could not retrieve. The bathroom was small, but our shower was fine (unlike other comments). The Hyde Park Station is easy to take to and from Heathrow, however, luggage can be an issue to and from the hotel. Make sure everything is wheeled and that you can carry it for short distances if need be. Taking the Underground to Hyde Park for 2 is about 60 dollars cheaper than the express to Paddington and a cab from there to the hotel. If you don't mind pulling a bag for a quarter of a mile, take the train to the Hyde park Station. Don't forget to get your Oyster card at the airport. Anyone that wants more info on the hotel or first time London tips (from our perspective) can write to jurybox4@aol.com	
Apr 13 2009 	Fabulous Easter break - Hotel brilliant -	Have just returned from staying 3 nights at the London Hilton on Park Lane. From arrival to departure everything perfect - will definitely return. The views are amazing from the top floor restaurant, we didn't eat in the restaurant but had pre theatre drinks. Nothing too much trouble for the staff from housekeeping to restaurant and bar staff. We were on the 27th floor and our room was very comfortable with a huge walk in shower and fantastic views across London. The breakfast is great too!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location and a Surprisingly Nice Room	The location is very convenient for walking and public transportation. I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the room was. It had a spectacular view (14th floor) of Big Ben, Parliament, The London Eye and Buckingham Palace. The furnishings were quite stylish and new.The lobby is nothing special and I did not eat at the hotel. The check-in and concierge staff were helpful and pleasant.Overall, a very good stay.	
Apr 10 2009 	Fabulous.....A Must Stay	My bid was accepted on Priceline.com by London Hilton on Park Lane. I read the reviews and was very disappointed by many of the reviews and regretted submitting a bid (1st time I had ever done it). We just got home after 6 days in London. The hotel was incredible. The only disappointment was we had a glitch with our room key two nights. After a long day enjoying the sights and theatre, it was frustrating to come back to a room we could not get in to. Of course, reception was able to resolve the issue. I highly recommend the hotel.....will definitely stay on our next trip to London.	
Apr 5 2009 	Couldn't care less about service	Having enjoyed an excellent stay the summer before, I decided to return for leisure travel. While my room was ready upon arrival, the bed was a disaster. The bed had ruts in it and was extremely uncomfortable. I contacted the reception to request another room, but was told that &quot;nothing was possible.&quot; Amazed that no accomodation could be made, especially as a HH Diamond member. Very uncomfortable night, but the unresponsiveness and poor attitude of staff will stick with me forever. Filled out a guest comment card, but never heard from management. Will never stay at this property again and would recommend that fellow travelers consider the Intercontinental or Mariott instead.	
Mar 28 2009 	Was very impressed with the London Hilton on Park Lane	My niece and I stayed at the London Hilton on Park Lane for five nights. We could not have been more pleased with this hotel. First, we arrived early to the hotel (8:00 a.m.) and they had our room ready when we arrived. Our flight had just arrived and we went straight to the hotel expecting them to just hold our luggage until the room was ready and to our surprise everything was ready for us to check in. Every hotel employee we came in contact with was pleasant and helpful and seemed genuinely intent on making sure we enjoyed our stay. The hotel is a business hotel at it's core but worked well for our vacation. The Hyde Park Corner tube station is within easy walking distance. Also nearby is the famous restaurant Nobu and the Original Hard Rock Cafe.The only slightlly annoying thing about this hotel is the price of the internet service. It was close to 20 pounds a day for high speed internet.This is the tallest hotel in London so you have great views from the upper floors and especially from the restaurant on the 28th floor.Overall this was a fantastic hotel and I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 24 2009 	My perfect London vacation	Wonderful London and Paris 11 days vacation. Booked and decided travel plan by me for a group of 4. We split into 2 separate stays with 2 different hotels in London (3/12 – 4 nights, 3/20 – 3 nights)I already recommend this hotel to all my travel friends. Beside it is at great location, nice room, clean and inviting, I had my room at 8th floor with beautiful view. The most important part, my friends and I arrived from Paris and were very tired, it was the front desk staff….a lovely lady (should have remember her name) with gorgeous smiles and funny/friendly chat who help check me in on the 3/20..last stop before back to Dallas. I got the room for $157 + fee/taxes from priceline.com. And I’m working on going back to London in a few month and stay at London Hilton again.	
Mar 21 2009 	Nice 4* hotel great location and almost certainly a great value for money	Stayed 5 nights total, split into 2 separate stays in Mar 2009. First 2 nights in a standard King room on the 9th floor facing Hyde Park, last 3 nights in a King Deluxe (upgrade) on 9th floor facing the city (views of Big Ben, London Eye, Westminster, National Gallery)Pros:- well appointed, clean and inviting. Good interior decor- great location, within 10 min walk of Buckingham palace, 15 min of Piccadilly Circus, 10 min to Oxford street and approx 5 min to the Hyde Park corner subway station- somewhat smaller than comparable US Hilton hotels (good by European standards though)- Hotel management very helpful when issues are escalated to their attention. Prompt action taken to fix problems- nice gym- tea/coffee in room. Good English tea optionsCons- squeaky beds, very much like a 2* motel in the US. Badly in need of upgrade- A/C system only blows hot air, which is not too much of an issue since you can open the window ventilator a bit or ask them for a table fan- Shower heads badly in need of upgrade- Front desk staff not very helpful on a weekend when calling from the US. Misled me into thinking that I can conveniently get to the hotel with luggage from Hyde Park Corner train station.- noise from adjacent room can be easily heard through the connecting door. If the neighbor smokes and you do not, expect to get some 2nd hand smoke (I had to use a moist towel under the connecting door to minimize the odors in my room)- Refrigerator in each room available for use at additional cost per day.If staying on vacation and you have luggage, to get to hotel from airport/train station, do not take the London Underground to HydePark which may seem the best option. There is no easy way to cross the street (you have to take the pedestrian subway to cross). Plan on taking a taxi instead from Heathrow (~GBP 50) or Paddington station (~GBP 10). The express train from Heathrow to Paddington is GBP17 one way per person (as of Mar 2009) so if more than 1 person in your group, cost of taxi will be comparable most likely.In summary, great hotel in a very convenient location. You will almost certainly walk away with a good experience and thinking you got great value for your money.	
Feb 25 2009 	Landmark of Park Lane	Making the most of a 60's skyscraper, Hilton maintain a good standard throughout.It's certainly not the best hotel we've have stayed at in London but the staff are all pleasant with abundant smiles at reception and polite in the Podium restaurant. Breakfast is superb with no charge for the children!We had 2 connecting deluxe rooms on the 8th floor which worked well for us and although the decor was a little dated everything worked and the rooms were very clean. The air con was on the blink, however, during our stay but opening the windows solved the problem!Probably more of a business hotel than leisure it was fine for our 1 nighter to tour the west end.Our accomodation was booked through Hilton Honours with no problems.In summary a good stay; there is a charm about this 'old girl' on Park Lane!	
Feb 24 2009 	Good Location	I would recommend this hotel. Great location only 10 min walk from Oxford St. Over looking Hyde park.Nice rooms, very quiet with good facilites in the room.We didnt eat in the hotel as breakfast wasnt included in our rate and it was very expensive.	
Feb 20 2009 	A good hotel	Stayed at the Hilton Park Lane for 1 night on business. The day happened to be the one day when London was paralysed by snow. As a result I spend all most of my evening in my room and in the executive lounge (one of the best I have encountered). Only issue was the my room had a connecting door to the adjoining room, as a result you could hear everything that was going on and the door also allowed light in from the next room.	
Feb 16 2009	5 star location - Not 5 star hotel	The location is great - but the room was just tiny....and I mean tiny. The view is spectacular, but thats about it really. Overall disappointed with the standard of the room (dated and not luxurious).	
Feb 15 2009 	Very good hotel in fantastic hotel	Had one very pleasant night here in February. Our room on the 13th floor was not the largest I've ever stayed in but it was well-presented and quiet, and it had the most incredible view over Mayfair and the West End. The staff were very polite and breakfast was good - if slightly chaotic (the hotel was exceptionally busy on the Saturday night we stayed). Surprisingly for the price, size and star-rating, there is no swimming pool, and although I wouldn't pay the walk-in rate of £399 for the night, for what we paid (£160 B&amp;B) it was worth it for Mayfair.	
Feb 13 2009 	Very pleasantly surprised	Booked this because our all of usual favorites were full. We were full of trepidation but can honestly say it was a delightful experience. We were upgraded to a mayfair suite - I've no idea why and although quite small it was truly lovely. Great bed, fabulous bathroom wonderful views and windows that open - what a treat in a high rise. The check in staff were friendly and efficient and the concierge went out of his way to get me a hair appointment on a Sunday for the big night. It really could not have been a better experience.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great Hotel on Hiltons half Price deal	We took advantage of Hiltons half price offer. The check in went well and staff were very helpful.The room was bigger than the average London Hotel Room, clean and with a very good selection of toiletries , Breakfast was good with a good choice of hot and cold dishes. check weny smoothly and I could find no major faults at all. Believe me I would look for them. We had a roomnear the lify with an adjoining door in the room but heard very little noise	
Feb 8 2009	5 Star ----NEVER	Stayed in room 1817 ,room very tired . Terrible drain smell .Mentioned it to the reception about the poor room and smell -they simply didnt want to know.I booked this hotel thru Expedia and I am guessing Hilton give them the old rooms.The beds were very suspect and quite noisy .Smelly bayjroom with hair in bath and broken marble on the counter tops.When the lift stopped on lower floors it was like being in another hotel.This is very misleading as the hotel pics on Expedia show very contempory and classic renovated rooms ,however this was not the room I received.Another problem with this hotel is on checkin in and on my complaining visit to the reception desk ,it seemed I was always being served by an Eastblock people who were less than helpful.The breakfast was good however not one of the restaurant staff could speak english .Therefore service was poor.I would never stay in this hotel again.THIS IS NOT A 5 EXPERIENCE&gt;	
Feb 2 2009 	Conveniently located ... but...	This hotel is really walking distance from Park Lane, Harrods, Buckingham Palace (you don't walk more than 5 minutes), Picadilly Circus and even from Big Ben, Parlament and London Eye (10-15 minutes safe walk).Staff is very friendly, restaurants are nice and room is very nice.So now you can ask why don't I give this hotel a 5 star grade. It's easy in that area there aren't tall buildings, only this hotel and if you are in a tall floor (I was in 18th floor) you will hear the whole day a night a wooooooo noice of wind that remain you a Dracula movie. It is disturbing to be listening that. And I have been adviced that sometimes when the air is stronger, fire alarms are turned on because of the wind , so you can guess the problem it might be. What I did was to close my account in Hilton and remained the rest of my London stay in Intercontinental Hotel, there is a Sheraton in that zone also, any of they both are in the same area and with much less taller buildings ;)	
Feb 2 2009 	Great space location almost perfect	Stayed for two nights. The hotel itself was fantastic: our king standard room was a nice size, had a great, clean bathroom (even a bidet!), and a good view. The only hiccup was that our floor, and to some degree our room, smelled terribly smoky, even though we had a non-smoking room. Service was polite and helpful. The location of the hotel is nice, but it's almost all posh hotels and residences in both directions. You have to walk a bit to get anywhere helpful. There are no drug stores or snack shops right outside. Everything, including the nearest tube station, is at least a 5-10 minute walk. But if you don't mind walking, the location is lovely.	
Feb 2 2009 	It was fine!	Having read some of the reviews I really was thinking that I had made a mistake and should have stayed at the Hilton London Canary Wharf which is excellent. On arrival at Hilton Park Lane, check in was efficient and as I was staying on Hilton Honors Points and the hotel did not have any spare rooms as it was completely full, I was expecting a basic experience. However I was upgraded to a Deluxe Room on the 25th Floor which was termed an Executive floor - sadly it didn't include Executive Club access or breakfast so I can't comment on those facilities. The room we were allocated 2501 was very comfortable with great views over Hyde Park. Being so high up the wind whistled throughout the night and the background noise of police sirens was evident. However, it was extremely comfortable and it would be churlish to complain. Bathroom was spacious and the whole room was well kept, clean and warm. We had Sunday lunch in Windows on the 28th floor and that was a pleasant experience, not outstanding but good quality, particularly with the Toptable dining offer. The bill still came in at £140 for three so be prepared, it isn't cheap particularly if you are paying full price! Park Lane isn't the most central location and it is a 5 to 10 minute walk to the tube but taxis are always outside and buses, including the Big Bus tour are a short distance from the Hilton under the subway. The biggest irritation is the fact that there is a huge lack of public seating areas. The entrance foyer is huge but they only have a few chairs and sofas. I tend to get up early and at 6.15am wanted to read the Sunday papers with a cup of tea whilst my wife was still sleeping. Could I get a pot of tea, not according to the Receptionist as it could only be taken in the restaurant which opened at 7am or in my room with room service. After a complaint to customer services, I found a chair in the drafty foyer and got my way with a pot of tea at £4.50p. The hotel did feel very impersonal and other than the very friendly and helpful concierge, staff were not particularly friendly, still, we were there for a London visit not to make friends. All in all, we had a better experience than many posters but would we return again, probably not. We stayed at the Hilton London Metropole two weeks ago and that was superb value for money, easy t o get around London and with the Club Lounge access there, a great visit. Do your research carefully and don't dismiss the Hilton Park Lane but read what others have said about the standard rooms, if we were allocated one of those I may well be writing a different report.	
Jan 29 2009 	Disappointing	A great location, very average rooms. The executive club is appalling . Very ordinary hotel for extortionate prices	
Jan 26 2009 	Don't let the negative reviews put you off!!	My boyfriend and i stayed here 24th January for one night whilst we came over for a shopping trip from Jersey. We travelled from Heathrow on the underground to Hyde Park Corner - you can see the hotel from this station.After reading various reviews i was a little worried, however when we arrived i changed my mind. We were greeted by a bell boy who carried my luggage insude and held open doors etc. Checki nwas easy and quick, very friendly staff. We werent supposed to be able to check in until 3pm, however we arrived at 12.30pm and we able to go straight to our room - perfect!Rooms werent as bad as what some people have made out. Lovely King size bed (very squeaky matress but we made do) nice LCD TV, view of Hyde Park, and La Source (Crabtree &amp; Evelyn) products! Yes the rooms are next to lifts, and yes there are adjoining doors to rooms (locked!!). To be honest whenever i stay in London, every hotel i stay at you can hear a bit of noise (certain people dont respect &quot;do noise disturb signs&quot; this is not the fault of the hotel though, more like the clientele!), however i honestly can say this is not the worst i have experienced.We didnt have evening dinner at the hotel but there is a good choice of room service or a restaurant up on the 28th floor (we didnt venture up). We had Breakfast the next morning and this is what i was most worried about after the various reviews, well i couldnt fault it, fresh orange juice handed to you as you waited for a table, hot buffet breakfast, fresh fruit, freshly baked pastries and cereal etc. all as buffet self service. It was absolutely fine!!You are supposed to have to check out of rooms by 12pm,. however i went to ask if we could have the room a little longer in order to hot the shops for a final time, they gave us until 1pm at no extra charge (again very friendly). Check out was the easiest i have ever experienced, all we had to do was call up and say we were leaving rather than stand and queue. Dont let yourself get stressed about other people's reviews, i am quite a fussy person, but seriously it was fine and i would defo stay there again!!!Any questions, let me know.	
Jan 13 2009 	Sleepless disaster!	Stayed at this hotel for a relaxing getaway with my partner &amp; was unable to sleep on both nights due to the amount of noise (all rooms are adjoining!) on the second night we had to ring reception twice as there was a very loud family next door that had obviously just arrived at 12:45 am &amp; checked in. Staff were very helpful &amp; friendly but when we complained there was no record of it so the customer services manager was only able to offer us a free upgrade if we book again within a year.. Unfortunately we would not want to go back here again.	
Jan 10 2009 	Its Ok...	Paid about £200 for a 1 night with full breakfast in a standard room. Hotel very clean and tidy, staff are good too. Breakfast was pretty standard too. For me it aint worth the money really, there are better priced hotels which are more central located and cheaper. All your paying for is the brand name of 'Hilton'	
Jan 9 2009 	Overpriced Posh Den	The hotel is very conveniently located near many of London's attractions, businesses, travel points and interchanges and many other related conveniences. It is situated in a very trendy and fashionable part wit many other prestigious hotels nearby. There is a vast park right opposite the hotel where it is very peaceful in the summer.We booked a Deluxe Room on the higher floors. The view was excellent of the city and the park with the lake. The beds were OK. Not the best in comfort ! Tea and coffee was provided with an extortionately priced mini-bar. Around £4 to make a UK national mobile phone call. Made one international call for....£10 per minute.Yes!!! A nice bottle of champagne or caviar......Total of £1000 for both. The room was not sufficiently large enough for two people. The decor and furnishing was awful with very old styled bed covers and chairs and table. The bathroom was quite well presented. Standard shower and bath features equipped the space and the toileteries were all present as with all the Hiltons worldwide.The check-in process was quick and sufficient. Friendly staff. Immaculate lobby and door staff. Lots of Arabs around though!Overall, Hilton on Park Lane is a very good example of extortion because the hotel is located in Mayfair. No efforts really made though to make the hotel posh and trendy!	
Jan 3 2009 	(un) Happy (at) New Year!	Arranged to stay here some months ago on New Year's Eve, using a voucher issued by an airline for a baggage problem I experienced earlier this year.Despite requesting a high floor twin room when I booked in May, I was told on check-in this would not be possible and had to stand my ground to get this. Wish I hadn't - the room allocated was 'tired' (in need of updating) and draughty and next to an air vent which filled the room with the smell of frying onions in the morning!Breakfast service was a joke - the hotel had not planned for the volume of latecomers on New Years' Day and we waited 50 minutes for a table which was not properly set and were then told we had only 10 minutes before the buffet was to be closed to make way for lunch. An overpriced disgrace instead of the iconic hotel we had expected..	
Jan 2 2009 	As expected	Booked executive room to try to secure upper floor for view of new years fireworks. Weren't dissapointed with room which had been refurbished since our last visit a couple of years ago. Not sure of plan to refurbish remaining rooms which were just ok last time. Didn't get access to room until complained at 14.00 (current occupiers hadn't checked out). Only really tall hotel in the area and great for views. Size of rooms adequate. Service ok, got better service on last visit with executive booking. Would only recomend for the views as nothing else outstanding i.e. service, breakfast or lounge facilities all 'standard' offerings.	
Dec 22 2008 	Come on Hilton - you can do better.	Location absolutely fantastic. Mayfair, Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, Knightsbridge, Piccadilly all on your doorstep and always taxis waiting outside the front of the hotel to take you wherever you desire. However, I agree with the previous reviewer - this flagship Hilton doesn't deliver a 5 star experience.The public areas of the hotel are impressive however the Bedrooms (and even some of the Executive rooms for which you pay a supplement) are tired and in need of refurbishment. Bathrooms are dated. Beds are old and uncomfortable with pillows and bedding of not a particulalrly high quality. Generally the accommodation requires money spent on it and a bit of &quot;luxury&quot; injecting.There are plenty of staff in the hotel - they just don't engage with the guests. We used the Executive Lounge three times during our stay and not once were we greeted or approached. We were also surpised that you have to request turn down each evening and this has to be done by phone between 6pm and 10pm. Not really 5 star service!We didn't have dinner in the hotel but breakfast in The Podium Restaurant. We had to queue for a table - even though they had empty tables which hadn't been cleared and relaid. The food selection was only average and the &quot;hot buffet&quot; items (bacon, sausage, eggs, etc) were somewhere between tepid and cold. Service was poor with only a handful of staff rushing around the place too busy to notice plates piling up and people waiting for tea and coffee (which is the only thing they serve to your table - everything else is self service). The absence of a restaurant manager with any presence or control over the situation didn't help.In summary a nice hotel in a fantastic location but not really a 5 star experience - come on Hilton you can do better!	
Dec 19 2008 	Not really 5 star	I stayed here one night on a Hilton Honors redemption. Check in was exceptionally friendly. Really helpful. The foom was somewhat disappointing. Nice enough, but not really luxurious. Someone had left a room service trolley outside the bedroom door and this made it quite hard to actually get into the room. Obviously this happens in every hotel but you would hope that it would be cleared away promptly.So to summarise, more than OK. Actually pretty good but didn' t have that &quot;wow&quot; factor that you would have expected from a truly 5 star hotel.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great location	Stayed for 2 nights. I liked this hotel but as with a lot of hotels I tend to stay in I found the hotel quite noisy at night. Trying to get to sleep at around 1.20am and listening to a guest's mobile phone ringing in the corridor and him answering it riled me a little. That plus an amost endless succession of room comings and goings along the corridor made this a disturbed stay. Having said that I found the staff extremely pleasant and helpful and the room was comfortable, but I wouldn't class it as luxurious.We booked a dinner option for our first night at the hotel. Taking this option ties you a rather restricted menu in the Podium Restaurant. There is nothing wrong with the Podium but in terms of surroundings it is not extra special. If I were staying here again I wouldn't bother with prebooking dinner and I would either eat slightly further afield, or I would pay agood deal more and eat at Trader Vic's. Trader Vic's was the find of our stay.	
Nov 25 2008 	Love London - Love the Hilton	I stay in many hotels in London, but this remains one of the best. Why? Quality is always excellent, and every time I stay, there is a little something special 'happening' there. It has a variety of types of guest and receptions each day which give you both an international feel and the flavour of London at that moment. For me you just cant beat it.	
Nov 20 2008	Luxury?	Since my friend frequently indulges me perks from his Diamond status with Hilton, he guilted me into this crazy quick 4 night stay in London where we stayed at a different Hilton property each night to maintain his status. O.K., he didn't guilt me, I jumped at the chance, but 4 different hotels in 4 nights?The Park Lane is a decent hotel. Luxury? Not quite. It doesn't seem to have been updated recently. Ceilings were low and it seemed just like a normal business hotel. Nothing exciting. The best part is the fitness center. The gym is in the basement and is quite large with many treadmills, bikes, rowing machines, stair masters, etc. Nice selection of weight machines and some free weights. Fully staffed. Great sauna.The room was small, but nice views from the higher floors. The Executive Lounge was quite nice with two large rooms. Staff incredibly efficient and pleasant. Also smiles all around. Value? Well, a bit expensive for what you're getting compared to other hotels, but it is London and Park Lane.	
Nov 11 2008	Still a fine hotel	I have stayed here several times over the years and it has always been very good. Used Reward Points - as a Hilton gold card holder was upgraded to a Junior Suite and had use of the Executive Lounge. Staff on the front desk and those in the lounge were excellent and friendly as always.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great location and staff though a couple of "mechanical" issues	My husband and I spent four nights at the Hilton on Park Lane last week. We booked our stay on Hilton.com and used points (40,000/night). Booking was simple and straightforward. There were no blackout dates or limited number of rooms available.We arrived at Gatwick Airport very early on a Friday morning. Immigration Control was a snap and we were on the shuttle train from the North Terminal to the South Terminal within 15 minutes. We took the Gatwick Express from the South Terminal to Victoria Station, purchasing tickets in the South Terminal from an agent. You could also purchase tickets at a kiosk or on the train itself. There is a bit of a savings if you purchase a round trip ticket, which we did. You also have the choice of First Class service. There was an attendant with a &quot;buffet&quot; cart on the train from which you could purchase drinks and snacks. The trip takes 1/2 hour and the train runs every 15 minutes, both to and from Victoria station.Upon arrival at Victoria Station we took a cab to the hotel, though we later figured out that we could actually have just as easily taken the Tube to the Hyde Street Station and walked a couple of blocks.It was 8:30 am when we arrived and the receptionist at the front desk had our reservation and was already having a room cleaned for our arrival. We had a light breakfast in the lobby restaurant (where a continental breakfast buffet cost 19 pounds and the full breakfast buffet costs 24.50 pounds). Our room was ready by 9:30 am. We were very pleased with the hotel's willingness to allow us access to the room before the normal check-in time of 3:00 pmThe room itself was large by most European hotel standards and overlooked Park Lane and the front entrance. In the future, I would ask for a room in the back of the hotel facing the other direction as I'm sure it would have been a bit quieter. The room was in relatively good repair, though the furniture was somewhat dated. All the usual Hilton furnishings - very comfortable bed made up with a light down duvet and impeccably clean linens, armoir with TV, two phones in the bedroom and one on the wall in the bathroom, workdesk and chair (though not a task chair), adequate lighting in all the expected places and some nice enough artwork on the walls. At night the curtains blocked the outside light very well. We used the high speed internet connection in the room and it was a stiff 20 pounds for every 24 hours. For phone calls home and to friends in England, we used an international calling plan through MCI, so we didn't have to pay the very high phone tariffs.The bathroom was quite small. Shelving for toiletries (ours and those provided by the hotel) was somewhat limited, with a long narrow shelf over the toilet being, oddly, the most convenient. The shower had great water flow and plenty of hot water at all times. One problem there was that the shower curtain always seemed to blow into the shower and stick to you. It would have been nice to have one of those new curved shower rods there. Toiletries and towels were plentiful and carefully and generously restocked every day. London was experiencing a bit of a heat wave during our stay and we were unable to adequately cool the room. My husband spoke to the Front Desk and they acknowledged that was a problem all over the hotel, but could not give us a solution even though we cranked the temperature as low as possible and ran the fan on high. When we would return to the room each night, we could open the window about 6 inched to facilatate some airflow, but that meant traffic noise through the night. Usually one of us would get up and shut the window during the night.The other problem we experienced with the hotel was with the elevators. During half of our stay, two of the four elevators were out of order and the wait to go up or down could be 5 or more minutes during a particularly busy time of day. One evening there was a black tie event and the entire lobby seemed to be filled with guests waiting to ascend to their rooms. The location of the hotel is terrific - near a couple of Tube Stations (I believe Green Park and the Hyde Street Station). We used the Tube to go almost everywhere and found it simple to use after a couple of false starts. It was fast, convenient and felt very safe at all times. Additionally, the hotel is within easy walking distance of many monuments and places of interest to any tourist. The concierge desk was always very helpful with directions and suggestions when we asked. Also, right behind the hotel (out the car entrance and off to your left) was an area called Shepard's Market. Filled with restaurants of all kinds, along with some very interesting art galleries and other eclectic shops. We ate in the area three of the four nights, never with a reservation (though we were eating early compared to most Londoners). One night was a delightful Italian restaurant within a block of the hotel, another night what was clearly a neighborhood pub and the third night at an excellent tapas restaurant we stumbled upon, but which was also recommended by the concierge.I liked that fact that we were able to use Hilton points easily for the room, the location of the hotel is terrific and the staff was very well trained and very attentive. Being from Florida, I guess we're used to cooler rooms, so that was a bit of a problem for us, as well as the elevators not working during some of our stay. London can be a very expensive city, but we seemed to find reasonably priced food and drink everywhere we went. If in doubt, there's a Starbucks on just about any corner and many British chain restaurants just about everywhere you look. I would stay here again and I would recommend it to friends, especially for the location. Having traveled to London numerous times over the past 35 years, I still haven't found my perfect hotel, but I think it will be fun to continue looking.	
Oct 14 2008 	Can't beat the location- good business hotel	Very large business/convention/event type Hilton- pretty much as advertised. I just felt lucky to be staying there on the generosity of BIL's points. The room was on 14, great view, very spacious, nice bath, comfortable beds. Concierge lounge was terrifc- helpful staff, well stocked bar and soft drinks, plentiful snacks and meals, good selection of newspapers. We used the business center several times for internet access- cost of the cards was reasonable. Concierge desk was helpful- a little confused about the diffeence between Heathrow COnnect and Express- but great with suggestions and directions around the hotel. Lots of big dress events while we were there, elevator traffic could get a bit jammed at these times, plus it is hard to tell which car is coming due to placement of lights. One ood thing- had to call each day for washcloths. I had been told that some places in London do not regularly provide washcloths (an American thing) but after the 2nd or 3rd day you might think to mark it down for our room- no biggie just odd. All in all, nice rooms,mostly helpful, competent staff. Proabably can't afford to stay there again but enjoyed this stay immensely.	
Oct 13 2008 	The most unprofessional five star hotel in the world. Sad.	My boyfriend and I spent four nights in what we thought to be a five star hotel; it came out it is not. I am a good friend of a Front Office associate at the London Hilton on Park Lane. He made us a reservation for four nights on a &quot;friends and family rate&quot; basis. Thanks to him, we were honored and grateful to be able to experience the London Hilton at such a good deal. It turned out to be a mere nightmare instead. My boyfriend still works for a competitor hotel chain, and myself worked for the same competitor chain for nearly twenty years. We were excited about that particular hotel experience then!At the moment of check in on August 11th 2008 we were told that my friend was not in the premises for the whole week. I signed the registration card by confirming my arrival and departure dates, as well as the applied rate for our four nights stay. We had an early check in and it went really smooth. The room (# 615) was ready and we had immediately a positive impression of Hilton, also with regards to room features (Hyde Park view) and available guest supplies.We love trekking. This is the reason of our stay in London: our walks in the nearby beautiful countryside. Out early in the morning, back late at night.The first night we went to sleep quite tired; however, not before having placed our DND at the door. At 10.48 p.m. we got a phone call (never mind!) by an associate at the Front Desk (I assume) to ask us if it was our intention to extend. I kindly asked him: &quot;my stay?&quot; He said: &quot;Yes, madam&quot;. I kindly told him that we checked in that very day with our departure scheduled for Friday, Aug 15th 2008. He did apologize for the inconvenience by also saying that he dialled the wrong room number. That was it.The next day, on our return to our room at night, after another long walk, we found a message to please contact the Duty Manager. We did it. We were informed about the possibility to be moved to another Hilton the next morning due to an overbooking situation and due to the fact that our rate could only be applicable for not more than two nights. She said also that, because of some cancellations, we eventually could stay at the Hilton Park Lane, as scheduled. To have confirmation of it, we were kindly asked to get in touch again with the Duty Manager the next morning. We did it though we could not believe about the overbooking situation at all: usually book outs are related to clients on arrival not to clients already in house for two nights, so far! We started to feel very unwelcome. We started to realize that the reason why they wanted us out was because of our rate lowering their ADR. We met the Duty Manager again on Wednesday morning to be told to leave the hotel: a reservation in our favor had been made at the Hilton Canary Wharf for the last two remaining nights! This, in spite of our regular Hilton confirmation issued on April 29th 2008, duly submitted then to the Duty Manager. If there was a mistake, it was not our mistake. The hotel should be responsible for it not the client! If, for policy, a rate has been guaranteed to a guest for four nights, this MUST be respected, mistakenly or not. We pointed out that we were feeling psychologically threatened and very unwelcome, so far. They could not send us to another hotel (on the opposite side of town, by the way) like a parcel post after two days from our arrival! We felt really terrible. In a normal hotel, this is very unpolite. In a five star hotel, it is absolutely unacceptable. However, we were not the ones willing to pay for the staff's and management's lack of attitude in problem solving issues!To make things even worse, we found an express check out invoice at our door a day prior to our scheduled departure. Such an agruvating situation! They really wanted us out. After breakfast, we applied the Reception by informing them again that we were not leaving that day but the next one. Kindly we asked to update our departure date by putting it back to August 15th 2008. Among other things, the hotel did not register 100% occupancy during those nights. By chance, we noticed the occupancy % on a report which was left unaccurately over the Reception Desk on Thursday, Aug 14th 2008: it was 97.8% on the 13th and supposed to be 98.4% on the 14th, BAR open at the date was of 299 GBP. We checked out on Aug. 15th 2008, as scheduled. Nobody said nothing. As if nothing was. We went back home. We wrote a complaint to the hotel and to the Hilton headquarter in the U.S.. The result? We are still waiting for an appropriate form of apology.	
Oct 11 2008	Expensive Internet access	Loved this hotel with the following exceptions.Internet access in rooms, very expensive. RJ45 ethernet cables only and it is 20 pounds for 24 hours, when you only need an hour or two. A &quot;card&quot; can be bought for one hour WI-Fi service for 6 pounds which isn't too bad but it only works from the 4th floor down to the lobby. I was on the sixth floor so I had to go to the lobby to access the internet on my laptop. Most nice hotels I have stayed in offer free Wi-Fi in the lobby areas. Well this is London, the second most expensive city in the world so I guess I got what I didn't pay for..free guest internet accessibility.	
Oct 6 2008 	Fantastic hotel!	We booked this hotel for our Anniversary and I am so glad we did.When we checked in we were dealt with by the Guest Services Manager called Erika, what a lovely girl! She ensured that our room was available and had the foam pillows that we had requested BEFORE we were shown our room.The room was on the 10th floor with amazing views of London. It was a large modern room with everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel.We had a couple of drinks in Trader Vics before leaving for dinner at a restaurant around the corner called El Pirata (which I would highly recommend if you enjoy tapas).Breakfast was served at Galvin at the Windows restaurant on the 28th floor.....wow...what a great place to eat breakfast overlooking the whole of London! The service in the restaurant could not be faulted and the food was scrumptious....none of this buffet style food, this was a menu style breakfast served to you on a plate! You could still have whatever you wanted though and it was one price (which was included in our room rate).Out of all the hotels we have stayed in in London, this is the one I would recommend to anyone.....service, position and gorgeous rooms!	
Oct 5 2008	Average	Very average hotel.One of the few hotels I have stopped that did not have any shoe shining facilities whatsoever! The room was not worth the rate (£200 per night), in that it was small and breakfast was not included. I would also like to congratulate the hotel on having the most ridiculously priced mini bar I have ever seen, prices below:Mars Bar / Kit Kat normally cost 45p, Hilton Price £3.50Bottle of Evian Water normal cost 40p, Hilton Price £4.50 and if you want to use the mini bar fridge to keep cool anything personal, they charge you £20 per day! Obviously not the place to go if you have babies / small children and you want to keep milk or baby food chilled.I have stayed in 3* hotels that have been better. I would not stop here again.	
Oct 1 2008 	Fantasic hotel	A fantasic hotel, great location, spacious rooms, very clean - staff friendly. We were there for 2 days and took breakfast in both the &quot;normal restaurant&quot; and the fantasic city view restaurant - both excellent but its well worth paying a bit extra breakfast with a view! The best thing of all the themed bar with amazing cocktails!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We will definatly be staying in the future.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed in a deluxe room that was large, well appointed, quiet, and had a very comfortable bed. The staff were very helpful, including the concierge. Out of all the hotels we stayed at in our 2 week trip through England and one night in Edinburgh, this one was the only one that had a top sheet on the bed and face cloths (wash cloths) in the room. All the others had you sleeping directly under the comforter, which is really unsanitary. All the other hotels also seemed to think there was no need for any thing other than hand and bath towels in the room. I've never encountered this before in the US or when we traveled France, Germany, Switzerland, and Austria in 2001.My only complaint, and this is with all large &quot;city&quot; hotels, is the lack of choice of TV stations. Why do hotel cable systems only carry 15 or so channels, when home cable carries so many more?	
Sep 16 2008 	Great Location	This was not the nicest Hilton that we have been to but it was certainly still beautiful. The location is great. There is a bus stop literally right out in front and the tube is a five minute walk. We took the tube and a bus from the airport as the trip planner on the tubes website suggested, but took only the tube on the way back which worked out better. You can take just the tube (I forget what the name of the stop was), and it is alot easier and not much of a time difference. You can plug in the to and from addresses into the trip planner on the tubes website and it will give you directions. The fitness center is better than average. They have personal training and all the essentials plus some stability props. My only complaint was that it was not open until 8:30am which is really inconvenient especially if you are there on business or you have an early flight.Overall, the hotel was nice but way too expensive for what we would normally get. We would not have stayed here if it was not for the fact that we were able to get it on points.	
Aug 28 2008 	Every little helps!	We stayed at the Hilton on Park Lane in April of this year, using our Tesco Clubcard vouchers (just before they started to insist that you stay for two nights). This meant that officially we had to pay the full &quot;rack rate&quot; and pre-book at least a month in advance.At check-in, the gentleman on the desk found our tricky situation taxing and we had to wait until a more experienced member of staff was available. Because of this &quot;inconvenience&quot; (5 mins wait!) we were upgraded to a superior room, which had recently been redecorated.The room was small-ish, but this is a 4 star London hotel! The bed was very comfortable and a good desk, which seemed more than adequate. The mini-bar prices were extortionate, but I've never been anywhere where they have been reasonable!The bathroom was also compact, but there was enough space for a comfortable shower and the water pressure was great! The robes and slippers, which are a Hilton standard, were there. As was a good hair dryer and iron &amp; ironing board.The room had a fab view over part of Knightsbridge towards Kensington. Unfortunately, in the morning when we opened the curtain/blackout blind, you could see into other people's rooms - including a man who was still in bed (semi-clad) asleep!The breakfast was really quite substantial and included in the rate that we had to have for the Tesco deal. The service was efficient and we didn't feel rushed.We'll definitely stay here again.................... once we have saved up enough Tesco vouchers again, but this time for a two night stay!	
Jul 12 2008 	Fine business hotel ok for tourists	The London Hilton on Park Lane is conveniently located close to some of the major attractions with a few nearby tube stations.The closest tube station is Hyde Park Corner, which is on the Piccadilly Line (The one going to Heathrow). It is also a short bus/taxi ride from/to Victoria station where you can hop on the Gatwick Express.This is a fine hotel with slightly oversized room for London. I was on a relatively high floor and had a view over the Mayfair area which is ok to look at. I believe some of the rooms have a view toward Buckingham/Big Ben.I was surprised to see that the executive lounge is on a lower floors with limited views of London. Speaking of the lounge, it has one computer (free internet access) and a decent assortment of food items throughout the day.Service was good and I did not encounter any unsatisfactory situations during my stay.This is my 2nd stay at a Hilton property in London and although the Park Lane location is more convenient for transportation, I'd say that I prefer the Hilton London Tower Bridge which is a bit more modern and tends to be better value for the money.	
Jul 9 2008	Overpriced in comparison with other 5 star hotels	Having stayed in other 5 star hotels in the previous 6 months, we were looking forward very much to seeing how the Park Lane Hilton measured up. We had a suite, comprising two bedrooms and a luxurious bathroom, and balcony overlooking Hyde Park. The larger bedroom was really lovely, with a glass window looking into the bathroom and the sunken bath, but the second bedroom was very average indeed. At a cost of £999 a night (excluding breakfast!) we thought this was not particularly good value for money in comparison with other hotels. In addition, the staff at the Hilton continue to be snooty beyond belief which is unnecessary and irritating. The best thing about our stay was the fabulous breakfast on the top floor of the hotel (Galvin At Windows) which is well worth experiencing, although we'd advise that it's not necessary to stay in the hotel in order to do so!	
Jun 30 2008 	Nice Breakfast	We arrived by 3pm and was told that the twin room I booked months ago was not ready yet, so we decided to wait in Galvin at Windows on the 28th floor for a cocktail (average price £13.50 each) and admire the views. When our room was ready 45 minutes later, there was a double bed in it. As a gold VIP member I was a little disapointed at the level of service I was used to from Hilton. I did complain and got upgraded to the executive floor with access to the lounge but had to wait another hour for this. I liked the Trader Vics bar (just had drinks) and there was a good selection for breakfast. I thought that concierge were very helpful and knowledgeable.	
Jun 20 2008	Excellent	Excellent all roundRoom was excellent excellent views over hyde park, lovely bar on the top floor with excellent views	
May 29 2008	Convient and Clean	My sister and I stayed in the London Hilton on Park Lane for a week in early April. We enjoyed our stay as the hotel is super convenient to the tube and bus (right out front). The room was small, we had single beds, but comfortable. The bathroom was interesting, if you were short (Iam 5&quot;5&quot;, so almost there) it could have been an issue to take a bath or shower. We did not have one of the rooms with the bidet, but really who needs that? The view was fabulous, we had a nice view of the London Eye. Anything we needed, we received from house keeping quickly. (The wall under the sink came loose and it was gone within an hour, towels were delivered in minutes and we had an extra pillow). The concierge and the doormen were excellent, both polite and helpful,which for tourists is nice. They suggested the most incredible tapas restaurant right around the corner and gave excellent directions to everything we inquired about. The front desk and business center, however, were rude and unhelpful. We were on the 11th floor and could not use our wireless connection, although we paid for it. We had to go to the business center, and even then, it did not work correctly. After many times of trying and asking for assitance, we gave up. For what you pay for average rooms, you would expect to have more convenience.	
May 23 2008 	Lovely Stay; Extraordinary buffet	We stayed at the Hilton Park Lane in May 2008. The location was very good - close enough to the underground and very near Hyde Park and a nice little area of unique restaurants.Pros: The breakfast buffet, though expensive, was extraordinary. From the exceptional hostess to the servers, everyone was top notch. The breakfast room was beautiful and the seats near the window really added to the entire ambiance. The lobby (actually sort of twin lobbies since there was another on the opposite side of the elevators) was beautiful, spacious and tastefully decorated. Off of the main door was the door to the restaurant &quot;Trader Vic's&quot; - which had a pricey but very nice menu. The elevators were fast,, the rooms were very spacious and clean, and the service was very good. Beds extremely comfortable and the room couldn't be quieter in general (except we could hear the very bizzarre alarm clock yelling &quot;wake up&quot; next door - continued for probably 1/2 hour or more)Cons: Though our toilet wouldn't flush when we first checked in, someone was up to fix it in about 1/2 hour's time. We had a problem at checkout at being charged for bar items we didn't use - so check your statements. The refrig didn't have a lot of room so we had to move things around to put our wine and water in, so maybe that caused confusion. Nice that they had a beautiful business center but really, some amount of free internet use would have been appropriate (let's say 1/2 hour per day). Overall - if I could get a deal here I'd stay here. Once we figured out how to get from the underground to the hotel easily it was a breeze.	
Apr 25 2008 	Wonderful hotel in great area	This hotel is really great, the rooms are beautifully decorated and the public space is nicely appointed. The staff is really attentive and always with a smile. It is in a great neighborhood near the famous Dorchester Hotel and about a 10 minute walk to Buckingham Palace. The only negative thing is that the beds are a little hard, but if you like that kind of thing this is a great hotel. I even met a celebrity there, he was filming a movie in one of the ballrooms.	
Apr 24 2008 	Ugly rooms - far too expensive	I had a room booked on the Executive floor of this hotel so it was on a high floor - you need a swipe card to get onto these floors! The view was nice but that's about it really. The room itself was old, worn and tasteless. Completely non-descript. There was droplets of what could only be blood on the bed topsheet which was unacceptable. The decor was so miserable it actually made me feel depressed! The bathroom was problably the nicest thing about the actual room - clean and fairly large. Fax machine in the room wouldn't receive faxes correctly which was irritating seeing as I was getting charged each time a fax arrived.Ordered dinner via room service - some very nice veggie options but the food was cold when it arrived. Also got charged for breakfast even though it was part of my package.Went down to the business services area (forgotten what the area was actually called) to get some photocopies in the morning and the lovely staff there gave me my photocopies for free which I thought was nice. Infact ALL of the hotel staff I interacted with during my stay were helful and friendly. Real pity about the room.	
Apr 11 2008 	A lovely stay	This stay was a special birthday treat and we used Hilton Honors points for the 2 night stay. I wasn't able to book the room until the last minute and fully expected a less than wonderful room as a result. What a lovely surprise to find we had a huge room, with a king size bed. This is almost impossible to find in London. We were on one of the top floors and the room was in the middle of the floor where the three wings come together, so the room was an odd shape, but spacious. The bathroom was spacious and clean and was a buffer between the bedroom and the hallway. I was concerned we'd hear hallway noise and the elevators, but not a sound. The room itself was large with a comfortable couch and chairs. And a small desk area and drinks counter area. There was a tiny balcony, but it was locked - for reasons you'll see in other reviews here. Nevertheless, the view was great, though it might have been better in other rooms with larger windows. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, not surprising since we had come in on an overnight flight from the US and were at the hotel by late morning. We spent some of the waiting time in the executive lounge and had something to eat there. The front desk staff were pleasant, though they did keep saying the room will be ready 'soon'. Eventually it was and it was worth the wait. The breakfasts in the executive lounge were great. Lots of choices and the food was fresh and tasty. There were snacks in the lounge throughout the day. And a nice array of snacks and wine in the evening. No extra charges for the wine. Though there was a hefty fee for Internet access in the rooms, the free wireless in the lounge worked fine. We did eat one dinner in one of the hotel restaurants. The food was good, but of course it was outrageously expensive for what it was. The location is handy to many areas of London, though it's not smack dab in the middle of the most popular tourist spots. It's directly across from Hyde Park, which had a fun winter festival on while we were there. All in all, a delightful stay and I'm saving my points for another visit!	
Apr 2 2008	Loved The Room	The room was a great size with a nice contemporary feel. The food at the hotel was acceptable although not that adventurous.will stay here again if nothing else catches my eye in london!	
Mar 26 2008 	Excellent Staff	This Hotel's main pro is the staff.They are excellent.They are attentive and friendly and efficient most of the time.It also has an excellent location.While it has lots of restaurants and bars,only 1 is open late and this closes on Sundays.In addition, the bar that does stay open late is pretty small and, consequently,gets busy.However, you will be seated if you wait and will be well looked after while you do.Overall, the location is excellent.The food is good but the fact that the bars don't stay open past 10.30 is a let down.While this closing time is the norm in the UK, it is not the norm in hotels.We found on the Sunday night that people were wandering around the hotel after coming back from a show/dinner and had only one small bar to go to, which was not to everybody's taste. In short, it you want to stay here, you'd be better off to go out in Knightsbridge or in the City itself.	
Mar 12 2008 	Could do with a little renovation	As a Hilton Honours member I have stayed in other Hiltons in London and worldwide and can tell you that this is one of the best. It is not the first time i have stayed here. On business, my room was on the executive floor with a city view - Parliment, Big Ben, the London Eye - super!The bedroom again, was cosy yet contemporary. Lovely bar (Zeta Bar) and I had a cracking meal in the restaurant Galvin at Windows - again, spectacular views over the city and food to match.You can walk over the road to hyde park and through to Harrods, Harvet Nic's and Sloane Steet in under 10 mins. Fortnum &amp; Mason in Piccadilly just up the road as well as Hard Rock cafe.Nice hotel, great views and a cracking location.	
Mar 8 2008 	Convenient location	My husband gets corporate rates at Hilton on Park Lane and I was tagging along on his business trip to London. We arrived early morning on a Monday, so he had arranged for the reservation to begin Sunday night so that we could check in right away on Monday morning.Our room was 505 - very close to the elevator on the 5th floor. The room seemed to be renovated, with fairly modern furniture, a flat-screen TV and a small desk and chair. My favorite part of the room was the quite large window (we had great weather - blue skies) as well as very good blackout curtains! The bathroom was quite large, with a toilet and bidet, two sinks (which was very convenient with my husband and I getting ready at the same time in the morning) and a tub/shower combo.I ate ala carte breakfast at the Podium Restaurant and Bar one morning. Service was fine, not wonderful and a bit pricey. Had pre-dinner drinks at the 28th floor bar which has beautiful views. Service here was better - and it was quite crowded at 8:30pm on a Thursday night. We were turned away twice at Trader Vic's (in the basement) for turning up 5 minutes before opening and then again for returning 15 minutes before closing.The location could not have been better - a 12 minute walk to Green Park station and 6 minutes to Hyde Park Corner, both on the Piccadilly line. 15 minute or so walk to Harvey Nichols and Harrod's in Knightsbridge and about equidistant to the Marble Arch station to the North. Taxis were always readily available at the front.In summary, this is a very standard hotel with standard rooms and amenities in a good location. Probably best suited for business travelers.	
Feb 29 2008 	An expensive failure - stay away	We stayed at the London Hilton for our annual 2 day Christmas shopping trip to the West End. We have stayed before but had given the place a miss for about 4 years due to poor service and extortionate pricing.The Premium office at the hotel contacted us saying that the place had been revamped and we payed the fee and rejoined their Premium Elite programme. We wish we hadn't. Having checked in we were shown to one of the hotel's infamous unrefurbished rooms. A tawdry, drab, gloomy and nicotine stained garret which, inspite of it's window, was almost devoid of any level of natural light.The furniture was tired and scuffed, the lampshades stained and grubby, and some of the light fittings didn't work. A couch in the room was marked and covered in insanitary-looking stains. It all looked like a sepia tinted set from a 1960's James Bond film.We demanded to be moved. The alternative was one of the rooms on a refurbished floor.We stayed with two friends and went to have a drink in the Club Lounge. This was a real shock. We had experienced the old Club Lounge at the hotel several years ago which was excellent. The new one has all the ambience of an airport departure lounge and the food and drink on offer is abismally poor. They no longer offer champagne so we had to buy our own which is a shame as all other hotel Club Lounges we use do offer it.On the subject of champagne, the female friend with us ordered a second bottle from the waiter who had brought the first. He quite pointedly looked across her and asked her husband if it was OK to comply with her request. We were shocked. I know the hotel practically survives on a middle eastern clientele but this act of chauvanistic impertinence beggared belief.We dined in the ground floor restaurant in the evening. The food was OK but seemed unchanged in variety or quality despite the hotel claiming it had been revamped. We again ordered champagne. The wine waiter arrived with a vintage not ordered by us. When challenged he simply explained that he'd brought the vintage as the non-vintage wasn't available - such impertinence!Breakfast next morning also had hazzards. It doesn't take much to ensure that hot buffets remain topped-up with things like bacon and sausages. Staff seemed to bob about but achieved little in the way of service. We ordered poached eggs from a waiter but neither he nor the eggs ever came back and after 45 minutes of waiting we left disappointed.Spend your cash elsewhere as this place still misses the mark.	
Feb 28 2008 	Very high WOW factor top hotel in top location	Stayed one night here on my saved Hilton Honors points. Could not have thought of a better way to spend them! Had an amazing stay in this legendary hotel. Staff treated me and my grilfirend on the park lane suite on one of the top floors. Never seen a hotel room like this in my life. Living room overlookingHyde park, big balcony, etc etc. Had an amazing stay, this hotel has everything you could wish for in terms of service and location. Cannot judge the normal rooms however. Tip: go for drinks in the cool Hawain style bar, very nice, also if your not staying in the hotel!	
Feb 27 2008 	Love the Hilton Park Lane	We stayed for 2 nights at the Park Lane Hilton in February after finding an excellent rate on the Hilton website. We paid approx £330 for 2 nights including breakfast and Dinner on the first night. I think this is good offer for a hotel of this standard in this area of London. We have had similar deals at other Hiltons in London and around the U.K. and always find them a good option.I love this area of London as it is within walking distance of Belgravia/Kensington across Hyde Park corner in one direction and Mayfair/Oxford St/Regent St in the other. Buckingham palace is visible from some higher floor rooms. It is certainly the pricier end of central London with some top quality restaurants in the area (Nobu, Maze, Petrus etc..) but for a luxury break in London it is a fine choice.We had a newly renovated room on the 13th floor overlooking Hyde park corner and we were very pleased with the quality of the fittings and cleanliness in the room.There are 3 restaurants in the Hotel. Podium (Breakfast and inclusive meals are served here), Trader Vics and Galvin at Widows on the top floor which has stunning views over London and the (small) bar here is great (if a little pricey) for pre-dinner drinks.We were initially disappointed to be told that we had to eat our inclusive dinner at Podium but we were pleasantly suprised by the standard of the food we were served. The steamed sea bass was one of the best fish courses I have eaten (and I ate two days earlier at Raymond Blancs Le Manoir and include the fish I ate there in that assesment) and my wife thoroughly enjoyed the Braised beef.Over all if I had paid £300 per night, as seems to be the often quoted price, I may have expected something more out of the ordinary and would probably have tried a boutique type hotel. But for the price we paid I was very very happy with what I experienced and, while its true large chain hotels can sometimes lack the personal touch, I think the Hilton Park Lane is worthy of its 5 stars (certainly when compared to some) but again it comes back to price!	
Feb 9 2008 	Oh Dear	Don't botherGreat views, but getting a lift or breakfast a nightmareYou can do much better for the price	
Feb 7 2008 	Not so good...	One night stay - Hilton HHonors pointsCheck In: A last minute one night stay due to a plan change. Checked in around 11.30am and got assigned a King upgraded room.Location: Opposite Hyde Park at the bottom end of Park Lane. Next to the London Intercontinental and the Four Seasons Hotel.The Room: At the end of a corridor, and was a strange shape due to the building configuration. It looked as though they had divided one larger room into two.Not a good feeling to it. The view was overlooking flat roofs with very noisy air conditioning units. Recently remodeled I would guess. Flat screen tv, newer furnishings. I overlooked the dreaded 'connecting door'. More of that later....The Bed: Awful, hard and uncomfortable.Bathroom: Marble, fairly large and well appointed. Great power shower.Lobby and common areas. Huge ballroom of a lobby....multiple large elevators. Large conference Hotel. Many meeting rooms.Executive Club: Granted access due to Hilton status. Free wifi, snacks, tea, coffee, beverages etc Extensive cooked breakfast, best thing about this stay by far.Gym: 1st floor...extensive, but unfortunately didn't get time to use.People came in late next door...I could hear every word through the connecting door. Loud TV etc. I NEVER accept a room with a connecting door, but had somehow overlooked this one.So my own fault. All in all, not a good stay at all and I was happy to leave.US Rating: 4* at a stretchStay again? Probably not	
Jan 26 2008 	Expected more	I booked a deluxe room at this hotel as a birthday treat for my husband, but wished we had gone elsewhere. We arrived ten minutes before the advised check in time and where told the room would be at least an hour before it was ready - no apology, just go away and come back later. We felt the front desk staff were extremely unhelpful. After an hour the room still wasn't ready and it wasn't until we eventually made a fuss that they found us a room. The room was okay, nothing remarkable for saying it was a deluxe room and the view wasn't great. The bed was hard, springy and very squeaky. Everything else was fine, but overall not up to expectation.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great View but you really pay for it.	We were lucky enough to be invited to a black tie event at the Hilton however we weren't so lucky to have booked a room at the hotel. I echo many other reviewers when they say there are far better hotels in London at the rates the Hilton charges.On the plus side we were on the 18th floor which does have some great views, the location was convenient! but on the minus side the room was freezing cold and the furnishings aren't really 5 star.I guess our stay was also tainted when the hotel tried to overcharge us from the rate they had quoted over the phone. Something that only a strongly worded conversation with the duty manager finally resolved.	
Jan 5 2008	Great Hotel and location	My wife, son (7), and I just got back from a week's stay at the Hilton on Park Lane between Christmas and New Year's. The hotel was great. We flew in from Atlanta early in the morning, and we were able to check in early at 8:30 AM. The service was great and the hotel room was large and comfortable.The Good:1. Great shower pressure2. Comfortable bed3. Large oversize towels4. Location -Mayfair/Hyde Park (Close to attractions, parks, Tube, Bus Stop and museums)5. Service6. Executive Lounge was superb (I am Hilton Diamond, and this the best I have come across.)7. In room safe8. View of the London Eye (Perfect for New Years fireworks)9. Comfortable roomsThe Bad:1. Food Prices at the hotel restaurant were ridiculous2. Couldn't leave Executive Lounge with Food or Drinks3. No ice or vending machines	
Jan 4 2008 	Good location and staff but mediocre experience overall	I recently spent a week at the hotel, using my HHonors points - the location and previous reviews on TripAdvisor got me comfortable enough to book an eagerly awaited week away. Sadly, I was not very happy with the overall stay. While service levels in general from the individual staff were above average (i.e. good!), policies of the hotel were either uninviting, inconsistent or both, some rooms were in disarray, and the hotel is very far from what I would consider a good 4* hotel for London (I feel comfortable making the statement, staying in hotels for 50-75 nights a year, across the globe.) Besides they are a category 6 hotel using Hilton's ranking system and I therefore expected much more.Check-in was easy, though the previous inhabitant of the room had smoked (it was a non smoking floor) and after some effort, we got assigned another room (the hotel was far from fully booked!). This room was one of their renovted (try getting one of these) but much smaller than the previous one. Strong shower pressure, comfortable king sized bed - (we were upgraded to a Deluxe room from the originally reserved standard room category with a queen sized bed thanks to my Gold status.)Staff were polite all throughout but took too much time to sort out the issue with the rooms. Besides we had to wait 3 hours for the room to get ready. While the original check-in person was firm about not getting us access to the executive lounge, this next one, during our room change, was happy to give it when we asked again a second time around. (If you don’t get it, ask to see the Guest Relations Manager who has the authority to give you access to the executive lounge at his discretion.)The lounge (first floor) had free wireless and wired internet access for your laptops, one desktop that was always in use, drinks through out the day, breakfast till 1030 am (the same fare every day, no changes - would have preferred more fresh fruit and not canned options.), tea from 3-530 pm, evening snacks from 6-8 pm (the same fare again every day, no changes), and evening drinks from 6-9 pm. Staff were rather nice. Good selection of magazines and papers. If the lounge was full during breakfast hours, the staff gave you a voucher for the Podium restaurant on the ground floor instead for a full Hilton breakfast. Nice touch.We changed rooms midway through our stay and got the city view around this time (our request) with a view of Big Ben, London Eye which was nice. Larger room and windows and the executive floor decor (nicer) along with heated towel racks in the bathroom. The bed was too springy this time around (unacceptable, but we felt that we had already put in too many requests…). The executive floors have not been renovated recently, I was told.Other events during our stay...Loud drilling and hammering noises on the morning of our checkout - we made inquiries and were told that this was scheduled work on the 21st floor (but the guest relations and front desk staff made no apologies for not informing guests in advance which I think was unacceptable for a hotel of this standard). Ordered a bucket of ice and a couple of plates from room service and got charged 20 pounds. Again, completely unacceptable. Raised this with staff at check out and got nowhere. First hotel I have ever had this happen to. (By the way, they even charge you 100 pounds a week if you wish to use their fridge to store your own drinks or food - and list this in one of the minibar inserts.)Finally, some good tips for your stay here.Several buses take you directly to Knightsbridge, Oxford Street, Baker Street directly from outside the hotel. A 3 minute walk away is another bus stop that takes you towards Picadilly and Green Park. This was very helpful, for those not wishing to use stairs and numerous escalators to get to the tube. Taxis were always available at the hotel.Bob, the concierge, was amongst the best I have ever encountered.Front desk staff were always there to help.The restaurant at the 28th floor had good views, decent ambience, though expensive drinks. Worth a visit for sure.Get a higher floor with a city view (you will see Big Ben, London Eye, Canary Wharf ).Ask about any planned renovation work so you are not disturbed during your visit.	
Dec 22 2007	Great Hotel - Good location - close to subway	Don't listen to those who don;t like the location. Mayfair is one othe most excusive parts of London. Hop on the subway and be a little adventurous - you can get anywhere in minutes. The park is outside your window!!Great city and super hotel - especially for HH Gold members.	
Dec 18 2007	Good hotel but not the best location unless you taxi everywhere	Although it could do with a little renovation the London Hilton on Park Lane is still a good choice but it is not in the best location if you want to use the excellent London bus service with long walks to bus stops and underground stations. Also quite a walk to the nearest convenience store.	
Dec 14 2007 	Good hotel with nice rooms	I stay frequently at this hotel and enjoy it very much. Particularly as a Diamond member they have better services and perks than other nearby Hiltons (eg Trafalgar). They often upgrade me and their larger rooms and suites are lovely. Even the regular rooms have been refurbished recently and are modern and pleasant. They also have a very large executive lounge, with good service and nice free food and drinks!There are only 4 lifts, which does mean waiting a while for a lift at busy times. I've never had problems at check in and staff are quite friendly. The maid service can be a little variable - eg one day you get fash clothes, the following not. But overall they do a good job. Its a good location and there are some nice views. For a frequent traveller, I'd recommend it.	
Dec 3 2007 	Dissapointed	Occasion 10 year wedding aniversary Saturday night staying at the Hilton Park Lane and Theatre Hotel cost £355.00Arrived Saturday 1pm 1/12/2007Waited in a queue for 10 minutes to check inAsked for a room with a view of the park as had previously tried to book one when I originally phone booked. No sign of a porter but we didnt have much luggage anyway. Given a room without a view so returned to receptionto try and change, queued for another 10 minutes but this time was given a room with a view. There was nothing else really special about the room, The loo seemed to leak from the back and the shower would drip away, bed was comfortable though.Went out to theatre came back 11pm tried to have a drink in Trader Vics (the famous bar in the Hotel basement) but there was a long queue up the stairs with a doorman at the bottom so decided to go for a drink on the 28th floor cocktail bar. Again waited in big queue to try and get a drink but eventually gave up.Good nights sleepBreakfast next morning waited in a queue for 25minutes before we got a table in the breakfast room. Trouble was the table was a low window table so had to eat breakfast of my lap.The only good thing about this hotel is their express checkout whereby they drop the bill through your room door at 1.00am in the morning and if you agree with it you can just sign it and post it in reception thus avoiding the long queues to check out.Yes, we went on a busy weekend but this should be no excuse for a hotel that charges £355 per night. Inadequate reception size and lack of staff, breakfast room too small. Being open to the public the Hotel Bars were too busy and sadly there were no private bar areas for just hotel residents. We were very disappointed by this hotel and needless to say will never stay there again. Would thoroughly recommend the musical Mamma Mia and next time will read hotel reviews before booking a hotel. Good luck	
Nov 27 2007 	Doesn't get much better than Park Lane Hilton	I have spent over 40 nights at this hotel over the last few years. The level of service has never varied much at all the entire time. The staff is outstanding, the rooms are very nicely decorated and maintained. Upper level floors offer a view of London which is magnificant. The Club levels and lounge are extremely nice. The Club lounge has an excellent staff always ready to take care of any needs and is very interested in taking the time to get to know you, especially if you are a returning guest. The hotel is in a greaat location - easy access to everywhere. This hotel is one of my top five favorites in the world.	
Nov 6 2007 	A pleasure!	Had a 2 night stay in an executive room at the Hilton. Large contemporary room, balcony, marble bathroom, clean sheets &amp; towels- very much enjoyed our stay.Breakfast was lovely and plenty of choice.Internet is quite expensive at £20 for 24 hours.Staff were friendly and efficient during check in.Recommended hotel!	
Nov 5 2007	London	September 8,2007 We were in London for a few days prior to a cruise. We used our HHonors points for a stay at the Parklane Hilton. It is across the street from HYde park and in our opinion a great location. Quite and convienent. We did not have much time so we did the Hop-on-hop off tour bus. Worked out well.Bus stop a short walk from the hotel. The hotel room was roomy, the staff friendly and welcoming. We meet a couple on the train from the airport and they told us of some pubs and restaurants on the street behind the hotel. A short walk and we had great meals.Everything is expensive so be prepared. We researched the hotel on trip advisor before we booked and as usual Trip advisor info was very good. We would defintely stay there again.We travel quite a lot and trip advisor is a great resource.	
Oct 21 2007 	Not again	Looking at all the good reviews, I'm trying to figure out what I missed here. I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in June 2007 because I was attending a conference held there (I must say they did a great job with the conference). My experience at check-in was awful - I arrived early after an overnight flight and realised a room might not be ready, but after 2 hours of waiting in the lobby being told &quot;it'll only be 10 minutes&quot; (initially as well as every time i went back to the desk to check) I was furious - I would rather have been told 2 hours and gone and done something. Reception staff were very busy but clearly have little patience with crowds.The room itself was OK, although the fabric on the chair was stained, as was the carpet, and the furniture was beginning to look a bit tatty round the edges. Room size was decent, especially for London; I had no view to speak of but I realise that is hit-and-miss, especially with conference bookings (a colleague had a great view from her room, but similar poor service).Housekeeping was hit and miss. My first night, all the towels had disappeared. The second I was inundated with towels, extra bottles of shampoo, shower gel etc. The third night, when I got back from the conference at 5.30pm, a maid was in the room doing the housekeeping (at that time??!!) I asked her to leave while I got ready for my dinner engagement, but told her I would be no longer than an hour. When i got back at midnight, she had clearly not been back... the bed was unmade, the towels she had taken with her (again - why do they always take all the towels, including ones that clearly haven't been used?), bins unemptied, etc. I called housekeeping because I needed towels, and while the woman who came was very helpful it clearly was a bit late.Also, the walls are very thin - I was awoken around 1am one night by the people next door putting on their TV! Admittedly a call down to the desk clerk solved that one.The restaurant downstairs had mediocre food, mediocre service (friendly, but not very efficient, and they were incredibly slow despite it being almost empty) and no atmosphere.Finally, and this is certainly a general problem in London but I find it less forgiveable in pricey 4-star hotels: if you are going to employ non-English speakers in a customer-facing role, please ensure that they have a level of fluency appropriate to that role.I thought I would write my experiences, especially re housekeeping and the surly attitude of the check-in staff, on the form the hotel provides to let them know which areas they were falling down in. I received a response basically not even really apologising but saying &quot;we pride ourselves on our good service and hope to see you again the next time you're in London&quot; - well, not a chance!	
Oct 3 2007	Noisy...but nice	Firstly, Park Lane itself really is quite an unpleasant place. Ok it has a handful of five star hotels, but then its just car showrooms and a petrol station that has seen better days. I have stayed on the Lane many times however on this occasion, the volume of traffic was astonishing and the noise deafening at times...Park Lane has definitely lost its charm.Now the hotel - The Hilton Park Lane, although not very kind on the eye from the outside, once your through the revolving doors, your good to go.Our room was on the 10th floor, decent enough view, contemporary in design, very comfortable...but let down by the bathroom which was a little dated with the dreaded shower curtain over the bath...yuk. This seems to happen quite regularly with Hilton. nice refurbished bedroom, not so good in the old bathroom department. The main problem is the noise from the traffic on Park Lane, three times I got up in the night as I thought the window was open, but it wasn't, just poor soundproofing. Perhaps if you were higher up, the noise won't be so bad.We had drinks in Trader Vics which is always pleasant, but it is looking a little tired now. A quick glass of champagne in POP Bar before traveling to the 28th floor for drinks and dinner at Galvins, which was sensational. They have totally refurbed the restaurant and raised the floor giving everyone a fantastic view of the city. When it was Windows on the World, only the lucky few who got tables in the raised area at the end of the restaurant got the view. I would highly recommend spending the evening here, its very busy, very expensive but totally worth it.Breakfast in the new Podium Restaurant was very good, plenty of choice as you would expect from a five star hotel. Overall, Hilton on Park Lane is fantastic property, I have only given four points because of the bathroom and noise problem otherwise it would have been five.Book a room, spend a fortune on food and drink and love every minute of it.	
Sep 26 2007 	Nice hotel	This hotel was pretty nice and is in a very good location. It's close to both Hyde Park Corner and Green Park tube stations. We had an Executive King room which was very nicely decorated. The bathroom was not as nice. It was very small and there was a good deal of black mold in the shower. I notified housekeeping and they had the black mold removed by the time I arrived back in the room. The Executive lounge was a nice perk and saved us tons of money.	
Sep 20 2007 	What a change!	I stayed at the Hilton on Park Lane a few years ago and found the hotel very stuffy, old-fashioned and tired looking. However, when I returned this June I couldn't believe how much it has changed. It's an amazing transformation, a real image change! The bedroom was very cosy yet contemporary with superb views, the bars were great (I'm a Zeta Bar regular now) and I absolutely loved the restaurants - I've had the best dining experience ever in Galvin at Windows. I'm very impressed with the hotel and can't wait to go back.	
Sep 8 2007	Hilton on Park Lane	It was a great stay - as a Diamond member, we were upgraded to a lovely room. The Executive Lounge was busy but always fully stocked at breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails.As Americans, we were the minority - many visitors from the middle east (the women had beautiful handbags!) whose children were the most well behaved I saw the entire trip.I would ABSOLUTELY stay there again!	
Aug 29 2007 	Great Hotel 5* Service Perfect Stay	Trip to london for leisure weekend getaway and found best deal direct on Hilton.com/Hilton.co.uk, from the moment we arrived, felt right at home and nothing was too much to ask for. Have stayed at The Park Lane, Intercon nd others in thearea before(also seen inside 4 seasons but that isnt much, very dated!) , but this was by far the pick of the properties I have experienced.We were checked in by a lovely front desk person (cant recall name), she introduced the main features and facilities of the hotel and handled our tour request which was passed on to the concierge who followed up with a call when we reached our room. Opon check-out we were serviced by Marcus, the manager at reception, who was pleasant and courteous to ensure our stay was to satisfaction and even professionally handled an error with our billing, which was promptly rectified and processed our payment.We dined that evening at the restaurant on the top level of the hotel called Galvin, who had spectacular views over the city and food to match... superb evening, great experience again and our weekend was only just beginining. The view was so nice, we went up the following night for a relaxed drink in the bar/lounge area... a must visit for a drink 30 odd levels up above London!All in all, a delightful experience, and we wont hesitate to return here or recomend to our friends and associates... Have already booked in for our anniversary later in the year!	
Aug 13 2007 	Lovely Hilton on Park Lane	After a big backpacking trip, it was nice to finally arrive back to London and unwind at The Hilton.The hotel staff were so helpful. I had arranged to leave my luggage there at the hotel instead of leaving it at 'Left Lugguage' at the airport. As i didn't want to lug around 2 suitcases around with me throughout Europe. So grateful that they stored it away for me.The rooms were clean and everything went smoothly. The only thing were other customers. Maybe they judged me as i had a backpack? Sometimes people can be so shallow. Maybe there just too precious. That was the only dissapointing thing.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great Hote' shame about the fussy customers!	I stayed here for a weekend and was very impressed by the high level of customer care and service I received. Martha at reception and Stania at the restaurant were very pleasant people and they made my stay enjoyable.Some of the customers are so rude to the staff at reception and I cannot believe that visitors from overseas forget to say please and thank you to the staff members. The hotel is located in a wonderful part of London and I would highly recomend visiting the area and not go to Oxford Street which has turned into hell on earth! The restaurant on the ground floor is currenrly undergoing some refurbishment work so it is now closed for some time.	
Jul 30 2007	Highly recommendable!	This is by far the best hotel I have stayed in for a long time, and I do travel a lot. From arrival to departure, the staff really look after you and treat you as a friend. Wherever I went, I was greeted by name.The bedrooms are great. I stayed in a standard room, but I would not call that a standard room as it was more like an executive room to me. We had lunch in Trader Vic's. I just loved the feeling of holiday and realxation once entering the restaurant. The food is delicious too!Galvin at Windows is definitely the best place for dinner in the hotel. I brought my boyfriend and it was a very romantic setting as the sun went down behind us as we were looking out the windows. After dinner, we went clubbing in Zeta Bar. I was amazed that a hotel has such a trendy bar. I would definitely go there over the weekends if I was a Londoner!You don't really have to go anywhere if you choose this hotel as all bars and restaurants are of very high quality.	
Jun 20 2007 	great great grreat	My girlfriend and i stayed here for 2 nights and had the time of our lives the hotel is in a great location and the room we had was top class few problems at check-in but when these were sorted out the manager upgraded us. Would definately recommend a stay here the dinner at the restraunt was also first class. Excellent hotel!!!!	
Jun 19 2007 	Excellent stay	Spent a night here for a friends wedding. We stayed in a deluxe rm. Very high standard, with nice complimentry touches. eg. plate of exotic fruit. We've visited the hotel before many times, but this was our first overnight stay. Breakfast fromthe top floor restaurant was superb, with magnificiant views across london. Only downer was the parking, at £40 for the stay, but this is central london!	
May 29 2007 	Treated Like Royalty	What a wonderful time we had at the Hilton on Parklane! From the minute we walked in, they were service, service , service. After a long flight from L.A., California, it felt like being welcomed in by old friends. We used our Hilton Honors points. So what a delight to have been upgraded to the executive floor. We registered , and relaxed and meet a few of the staff. We were given a choice of which side of the floor we would like; the park view or the city view. We chose the city view. My husband called it a trillion dollor view. We could see Parliment, Big Ben, the London Eye. Who could ask for more? The hallway is so pretty with lively and tasteful carpet and furniture. The room itself was just perfect. The best bed. Almost as good as our own $8,000 mattress we have at home. We are very spoiled people, so we realy did not expect to be impressed. As a matter of fact, after reading so many bad reviews, we expected to be disappointed. Well ,they really showed us a great time. The breakfast was great, as was the evening snacks and free drinks. Saved us a ton of money with pound being so high now. Hope my fellow travelers have as good a visit as we did.	
May 20 2007 	Dissapointed	I was looking forward to my stay here, mainly beacuse of the pictures they have on the net, and previous reviews.Pictures do unfortunately not tell the full story, as my room seemed to not have been renovated since late seventies.The restaurants were also far from what you expect from a hotel in this price range.Nice staff and good view can't make up for the poor general standard.	
May 6 2007 	Wonderful	We stayed for a week at the London Hilton in Hyde Park and must let you know how impressed we were with the hotel, specially its service. Old-fashioned elegance, courtesy and attention to detail. Our room was certainly large enough, updated, with a super-confortable bed with divine comforter. Cofee or tea pot as well as a safe and iron/board and hairdryer provided. No noise at all. Several buses stop across the street and the subway is a 5 minute walk. Shepard's Market, a reasonable restaurant and pub areas is another 5 minutes walk. Hotel dinners are VERY expensive, but so is all of London. Must have a cocktail at the bar on the top floor with London at your feet.Would I stay there again? In a New York minute.	
Apr 15 2007	a terrible hotel	We checked into the hotel late on a Saturday night and the reception staff were courteous and professional. The lobby has a fairly stylish look so imagine our dismay when we took the lift up to the floor our room was on — peeling wallpaper and a distinctly stale smell emitting from the crusty looking carpet. The room had a half-hearted makeover. There was a terrible brightly coloured pop painting trying to fit in with the conventional room. Stains on the bedsheets, bits on the carpets, little fleas jumping around and when I opened the minibar, the previous guests had left behind two half-finished cans of coke. This was not the only thing they had left behind — on the white marble walls next to the lavatory were chocolate coloured fingerprint smears. Ahem! We were reluctant to go through the bother of changing hotels so we dragged our stay on... Another last thing to add about this poor excuse for a 5 star hotel is that it is more than 5 minutes walk away from the Tube although the bus stop is right outside and there are plenty of cabs available.	
Apr 12 2007 	Some problems overall an OK stay	We are staying here now, have been here 5 days and check out in 2 more days. The Bad Stuff:Problem 1) Check in - rooms not ready. We were first told we only had one room reserved, not two as were clearly shown on our reservation. When I showed them my printed confirmation they &quot;found &quot;our second room reservation but said they did not know when it would be available as the previous guest was still in it and was not checking out until 6:00pm. They said they could not assign us to another set of rooms because their computers were down. Not what one wants to hear after a 10 hour flight when check in is supposed to be at 3:00pm.Problem 2) Once in our rooms we found the phones in one room did not work. The phones in the second room worked too well - they ring every 3 minutes (yes, we timed it) and when you pick the phone up there is just a dial tone. Engineering has looked into the issue twice, has been here to witness the issue and claims there is no problem. The front desk has admitted that others on our floor are having the same issue. Their solution to the problem? &quot;Just unplug the phone&quot;. When asked what we should do if someone wants to reach us we were told that the hotel could take a message for us or have the person leave it on voicemail.Problem 3) There is room renovation occurring in the hotel and apparently it is in a number of rooms surrounding us; we suspect on the floor above. Each morning, VERY early we have been awoken to the sounds of hammering, sawing and other banging noises. We are &quot;late&quot; risers (about 9am) and banging starting as early as 7:00am has been irritating to say the least.We have our children with us who must nap each afternoon. They have been unable to nap due to the construction noise. If you have young children I am sure you can imagine how surly they can become when they do not get their regularly scheduled naps each day. Problem 4) The mystery of the keys! It seems if one rooms keys work the other rooms keys do not. Each day we have had to go down and have keys reprogrammed. We have been told this is our fault and we must be doing something that is interfering with the coding on the magnetic strip. This sounds somewhat reasonable but why is it one room one day and the other room the next - shouldn't both have issues? The Good Stuff:1) Even though the staff may not be the most competent in the world and obviously lacking in problem solving skills, they are very kind, courteous and have been very apologetic. They did give us a comp dinner tonight in the lobby restaurant for our troubles. While that hardly FIXES the issues, it was nice of them to do.2) The rooms are very nice, well appointed and quite comfortable. Our view is lovely and I am sure higher floors have an exceptional view. Lower floors we can tell would have a very poor view. I read reviews stating the rooms were shabby, torn or soiled furnishings, etc. Our room has had none of these issues at all. Obviously they are still renovating rooms so ask for one that has been fixed up.3) The location is not as terrible as others have stated. The walk to Green Park station is under 10 minutes. The walk to Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square was not much further. The walk to Oxford Street and Piccadilly Circus were pleasant and not terrible either.Reading all these reviews about how far the hotel is from things and the griping about the amount of walking amused us greatly. We did all of these walks with two young children (under 6) with us and neither complained or had a problem about the walking distance; even at the end of the day when they were tired. And yes, they walked it all - no strollers/pushchairs.	
Mar 30 2007 	Great Hotel	It's a Hilton Hotel of course. Elegant, nice spaces, a little bit larger than what I expected. People at reception are always nice and helpful. I enjoyed my stay, for business with cable TV and WiFi. The most interesting thing was the bed: it was large enough for 3 people! I searched in different websites but the most readable was ---------- . At the hotel they already know and wait for me. Good service.	
Mar 25 2007	Nice Romantic Weekend	Have stayed in other Hiltons in London and worldwide and can tell you that this is amongst the best. A fabulous view, VERY helpful and smiling staff and excellent restaurants (and close by Nobu is an extra attraction),The gym is nice and the spa isn't the absolute best, but for a hotel is ok. Think facials, but massage was weak.We went for a romatic break and were not disappointed. Skip the buffet breakfast in the brasserie and use the breakfast allowance in top floor restuarant. Even on a cloudy day, it is one of the best views in London.We got a great deal from Hilton on a slow weeekend, so rates can be lower than advertised if you are going at the last minute.	
Feb 2 2007 	what a view!	This year my boyfriend and I planned a last minute trip to London for New Year's! I got my parents to chip in with a Christmas present of some Hilton Honors points and we stayed at the Hilton Park Lane. I would have prefered the Green Park Hilton (which is a better location) or the Trafalger Hilton (even better location and amazing reviews) but they were all booked for this last minute trip. The staff was SO helpful when we got there, all haggared from our 10 hour red eye flight. They upgraded us to the executive level and escorted us to the executive lounge while we waited for our room to be ready for us. The room was normal size by American standards, but big by European standards. We were on one of the top floors and had a great view of Hyde Park, Marble Arch and Mayfair!! Every morning we took advantage of breakfast in the executive lounge, which consisted of rolls, meats, cheeses, coffee, juice and other things you would expect of a continental breakfast. We would also stop in occasionally for a beer or glass of wine. There were only three things that I would change about this hotel. One being the location. Hyde Park Corner tube stop was accessible through an undergroud pedestrian tunnel that dropped you off by the tube entrance. This is 'ok', but as a tourist (or someone that is easily paranoid about my safety) I avoided it after dark because I was uncomfortable with the idea of walking down there at night. Therefore I tended to use the Green Park station, which was about a 10 minute walk. No problem with the walk, it's a great walk - unless you're carrying a lot and you're been out all day pounding the pavement. Not a big deal to for us, but if I weren't as into walking I would have hated it. Secondly, the King size bed we had was two doubles pushed together. This was uncomfortable. The bed was also rock hard, also uncomfortable. Lastly, (and this was just our experience) we had a connecting door to the room next door, usually not a problem. Except that our neighbors left their window open all day and night. Therefore we we subject to gusts frosty cold air rushing into our room all day and night. I ended up catching a cold while there and woudln't be surprised if it was somewhat due to waking up freezing cold several times a night. The door also made lots of noise, like the neighbors were banging on it, when the gusts of wind rushed through. On the flip side, great view! Helpful staff! Great lounge! Lots of great uncrowded pubs and restaurants all around the hotel! And walking distance to all main attractions! In fact, we only took the tube after we were so sick of walking, our feet were numb and our legs ached at the end of the night.If you book here ask for a high floor, any view from up there will be great!	
Jan 6 2007 	Amazing	I will never forget the night we stayed at this hotel. I can highly recommend it to anyone. When we arrived, luckily for us, on a Saturday night in December, we was greeted by a beautiful reception area, with a magnificent tree and tasteful decorations. I knew as soon as I walked into this, we were in for a special stay, and we were not disappointed! Our suite was on the 27th floor, which had the most amazing, huge, lounge area with breathtaking views accross the city. The suite also comprised of a seperate w/c ,dressing area, 2 further bathrooms, each with fabulous showers in them and a bedroom.Unfortunately, we had to attend a dinner/dance that evening, or otherwise you would NOT have got me out of the room!!!When we returned from our evening's entertainment, we decided to try the Galvin Restaurant on the floor above, as I had read all the reviews about it, and again we were not disappointed. The only regret we have, is that we arrived at the hotel in the evening, therefore it was dark, and then we received a phone call very early in the morning to say we needed to return home ASAP, due to unforeseen circumstances, so we never got to really appreciate the views. But even so, this was a really memorable stay, and I would love to have the opportunity to do it all again, sometime!!	
Jan 6 2007 	Big budget corporate hotel	You can't go wrong with a Hilton, but you pay.The address is enough to set the cash registers into overdrive; Park Lane, Mayfair, London. One look at the Monopoly board is enough to set your expectation.This hotel is a surprising 70's style triangular tower block. The first impression is very grand with long-coated valets holding open your taxi door. The place smells of money. Reception is courteous and there's this kind of funny tension as the foreign student behind the desk says, &quot;Your room rate will be two hundred and sixty five pounds&quot; (enough to buy a farm where she comes from) and you resist the temptation to shout &quot;How much?&quot;[Dear Hilton; I'm only joshing - the staff are excellent and always well trained and well manered]My room was on the 14th floor, giving me a fantastic view over London town. The room was, frankly, tiny. But I think you get the flavour of this review by now. The bed was excellent, very comfortable with feather duvet and piles of pillows.I shared a lift from zero to fourteen with a porter and chatted to him about local nightlife. He was a friendly and helpful man - it's those small touches that make hotels good. Fine place, as I have come to expect form Hilton, but, boy was it expensive.	
Jan 5 2007 	Not as expected	I stayed at the Hilton Park Lane with my girlfriend from 30 Dec 2006 to 02 Jan 2007 as our New Year Holiday. Reading the reviews on tripadvisor, I was somewhat skeptical as there are quite a few negative ones.However, we decided to risk it as we got a very good deal on the room price (approx. 230 euros per night BB as opposed to the normal 450 euros per night!).As I am a Diamond Hhonors member, we were upgraded to an executive room on the 27th floor. The view was amazing (see photo) even though there was only a small window to look through. That is about where all the luxury ends.For the price we got, we definitely had a good deal, but I will try to make this review as objective as possible, as if I had paid the full price.The negative aspects:- The room was one of the smallest we have ever stayed in, with a large bed, and free space of about 1 meter each side of the bed and 2,5 meters in the front. As we were ending a longer holiday in London we had 3 suitcases which took up all the free space and we had to climb over things in order to get around. We actually came to the conclusion that this room was reserved for upgrades only because I can’t imagine anyone paying of an executive room and staying there!- The TV was an old one, not flat-screen or anything new you would expect in a 5*, 450 euros/night room.- The hair dryer worked but provided only cool air.- The bathroom was spacious enough, with nice wooden fittings. However, despite the good appearances, the shower was leaky and the taps wobbled every time you tried to turn them.- The executive lounge on the 1st floor has only 1 PC with internet so most of the time you don’t get to use it.- Breakfast in the executive lounge has a very limited selection and no hot food. We asked for toast and the reply was that they don’t serve anything warm and that we had to go to the main breakfast room downstairs to get it. We went, and the person at the door tried to charge us, even after we told him that breakfast was included in our deal (we confirmed it later with the reception).- On New Year’s Eve, after returning to the hotel, we tried to go into the “Zeta Bar” and the bouncer at the door said “you have to go outside on the street and queue”, and when I mentioned we are Diamond members he said “not tonight, mate!”Now for the positive aspects:- The location is ideal, right on Hyde Park, 5’ walk from underground station and 15’ walk from Oxford street- “Galvin @ Windows”, the 28th floor restaurant is wonderful, even though we didn’t get a chance to dine there (their price for New Year’s Eve was a whopping 750 euros per person!!!)- The Hilton has a bar, “Trader Vic’s”, which is amazing. The best cocktails, great music, and the setting is as if you are on a Carribean island.- The porters and most of the staff are very polite and helpfulAll in all it was OK for us, but only because of the low rate we paid. If we had paid the full rate we would definitely have requested another room.	
Jan 3 2007 	Luxurious	We have just come back after a few days here during Christmas and New Year. We arrived early, expecting to have to wait for the room to be ready - but we went straight to the room. We booked an executive room, and were given a room on the 17th floor with a great view of the park. Room was spacious with all the amenities (tea &amp; coffee making kit in the wardrobe). The rate included a free meal any night of the stay - taken in the park brasserie. This was well worth it, as the actual cost would have been £40 each.Executive lounge is very spacious with a seperate non-smoking section, although the breakfast was poor. Better choice in the main restaurant. We did have one breakfast in 'Galvins' on the top floor - what a view!Would we go back? - Most definately!!	
Dec 22 2006	OK but not 5 star	Check InQuick and efficient, but not especially welcoming or friendlyRoomDeluxe Room on 12th Floor, park side.Cold, turned aircon off but no heating controls readily available.Noisy all night due to traffic, suggest readers book city side instead.The white marble bathroom suite (grout was mouldy in places) is out of sync with the room which is trying to be fashionably trendy with a more “boutiquey” feel.You have to pay for everything such as the Playstation games and internet access, and access to the free TV channels was not particularly user friendly.The mini bar prices are expensive, GBP 4.50 for a small bottle of Evian, but there is a space in the mini bar fridge for your own stuff.Room ServiceQuick and efficient, no overly expensive (unless you want Arabic food)OverallAn unwelcoming hotel who’s rooms could do with a proper update rather than the half hearted attempt that has been made.	
Dec 18 2006 	Almost 5 stars.....	DH and I stayed at the Park Lane Hilton for a Friday night not long before Xmas. We are Gold HH members and were therefore hoping for an upgrade to the executive floor. When we arrived (early) we were told that we did have an upgraded room with access to the executive lounge and to come back later for the keys as the room awas not yet clear. On this basis, we therefore decided to have lunch at Galvins (rather than evening dinner) and then spend the evening in the lounge.Lunch in Galvins was superb - table right by the window, great views and super service. The set lunch menu was good and not too badly priced at £28 each. The wine list was extensive and pricey but we managed to find an extremely nice Rioja for just over £30 so we didn't think that was too bad.After lunch we went back to the HH desk and saw someone different who explained that our room was not on the executive floor but was a deluxe room and we could not have access to the lounge. We would have been a little disapppointed about this if we had been told this earlier but the fact that we had re-arranged our day just so that we would have time to visit the lounge in the evening, meant we were more than a little irritated by this. We were told that we could have access to the lounge if we paid £40 but he said that this would not really be worthwhile as he had ensured that our breakfast was included.Anyway, room was nice - yes, there is an issue with the gap around the window and the draft but this is resolved by closing the curtains. The bed was huge and very, very comfortable. Nice view of Hyde Park. No tea/coffee making facilities but there was complimentary water and chocolates at turn down.We went to Trader Vics for supper quite late in the evening (after 5.15pm theatre) which was nice. Tried to get into Windows again to have a drink in the bar area but this was standing room only.Breakfast in the brasserie was very good (but £50 for 2?!) and we got a bill for this so we spent some time also trying to sort this out.All in all a very comfortable, relaxing stay, marred only by the communication issues outlined above.We found the location fine and in fact we took a leisurely stroll from the hotel through to Piccadilly, Covent Garden, Aldwych and Holborn areas ( but took a cab back!)	
Dec 17 2006 	Nice Hotel staff is weak.	My wife and I stayed at Hilton London Park Lane on our third trip to London. I travel a great deal so this was a Diamond GLON reward stay. Check in was quick. We were checked into a very small room. Even the porter commented that we needed a larger room. We asked and were given a much larger room that was fine. The front desk staff, and concierge were weak at best. I know about as much about London restaraunts and theater as the concierge did. Trader Vics is a nice lounge in the hotel expensive but a nice treat. Did not visit the nite club but it sounded great!! Location is good. Walkable to Buckingham Palace and good places to eat. The Executive Lounge and it's staff are very good. We enjoyed breakfast there each day and cocktails most evenings before heading out for dinner. A nice treat and a money saver as well. Having stayed in several Hilton's in London this one is probably not on my repeat list.	
Dec 6 2006 	Will definately return!!	Myself &amp; partner booked in on Friday 01st Dec for 2 nights. We were welcolmed out front on arrival in the car, our bags were picked up for us and checked in and were later delivered to our deluxe room on the 16th floor. The car was easy to park in the underground car park which had plenty of spaces.We freshened up in the room which was a good size and a great view over Hyde park ( &amp; some rooftops) also we could see the Four Seasons practically next door and Nobu restaurant from our window. The bed was huge and sooooooo comfortable, the bathroom was nice and had huge comfy white fluffy bath robes and slippers and Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products.After shopping we went in the pop bar for champagne which is in the lobby &amp; we enjoyed watching people coming &amp; going with their shopping.We booked the winter deal which meant we had breakfast both mornings and dinner on one night in the Brasserie. We chose the 1st night for this and the meal was great if a little slow on the service.Breakfast had a huge choice of either cooked or continental....if I had one complaint it would be the cooked breakfast as we didn't think this was up to much....avoid the sausages..they were hard and horrible..scrambled eggs and no fried eggs and all a bit tasteless. Other than that there were danish pastries, croissants, cakes, fruit,cereal, yogurts, vitamin drinks, cheese, cold meats etc which was fantastic. Also they bring toast to your table.We arrived on Friday 01st and on the Saturday they put up all the Xmas decorations &amp; a wonderful tree in the lobby. it looked fantastc.Apart from the pop bar there is 'Zeta' the nightclub which is entranced from outside altho there is a way in from the hotel as we looked in there before it opened, we didn't find out if guests could enter from the hotel but apparently it is a very poular place to be and to be seen!!The second night we went to dinner in 'Trader Vic's' which is entered from the lobby and you go downstairs into a fantastc restaurant, the staff are so friendly.Our waiter was fantastic, my partner had the oysters for starter which were to die for and I had crab cakes also good. He then had the sea bass and I had lobster Thermadore................well what can I say it made the night it was fantastic, I couldn't eat all my lobster so my partner had the rest but I couldnt stop talking about it all next day. You can if you want just go in here to the bar and it is all very cosy and set out well.After this we went for a wander to walk off the dinner &amp; returned up to Galvin at Windows bar where we were shown to a great table lokking out to the skyline of london where we sipped liquers and he had cigars..........a perfect end to a perfect day. Please go in here as you will be sorry if you don't, the ambience is great. The restaurant looked great too but we were only there for the 2 nights so not enough time.All in all we had a fantastc time...this is the 1st time we have stayed on Park Lane although we have visited London many times....this visit was purely a xmas shopping trip and although totally exhausted due to the crowded stores ( particularly Harrods) we will definately be booking in here agin next time. You can walk over the road to hyde park and thru to Harrods,Harvet Nic's and Sloane st, in under 10 mins, fortnum &amp; Mason in Piccadilly just up the road,Hard Rock cafe up the road and Nobu is next door which is Japanese and a celebrity haunt. Due to the location we didn't get the bus or tube once as everything was so accessible if you don't mind a short walk.Can't wait to go again!! sorry i forgot to take pictures of the hotel:)	
Dec 4 2006 	No AC	We had our third stay there in November, this time together with a business partner. We had two executive rooms and we had no temperatures below 26-27 degrees Celsius in the room. We were told that the air condition was switched off for the season, and replaced with heating. The hotel gave us 2 electric fans to cool us down... Kind of special in a 5-star property for about £500 a room/night . Nice restaurant on the top of the hotel, but we will spend the night somewhere else the next time we visit London.	
Nov 29 2006	Not too bad for free	We were upgraded to a Park Lane suite on the 27th floor. Beautiful view but VERY odd suite. While this was a suite that had a seperate living and bedroom, it consisted of about 4 chairs and then the regular Hilton bedroom.Best Part: Having executive club priveleges. The food here and tea is just the best of any European hotel's executive lounges. Scones with creme fresh, desserts, the best cookies (in a jar always available) and excellent cappuccino and coffees. Incredible and very delicious! Only downside is that there is one computer with free Internet, but at least there is one!Location is good (near Duke of Wellington's House). Tube stop is Hyde Park Corner and it is a 5 minute walk. Allow yourself at least 30 minutes to get to your show on time using the Tube. And go see Evita, WONDERFUL!	
Nov 20 2006 	5 stars - not anymore	Booked weekend break via Hilton website which included breakfast and dinner on first night. Room on 6th floor was a deluxe - view not up to much - room clean and recently refurbished - downside was carpet fibres were coming up and sticking to our clothes. Bathroom had been given some attention but the old grouting on floor tiles and walls had not been cleaned which we thought was very poor. Worse still one of the bathrobes was dirty and it took nealry an hour to get replacement.Meal on Friday night was in Park Brassierie - limited choice on set menu and not much to write home about. Breakfast Saturday morning - nice selection but Park Brassierie was mayhem - if you want a relaxed breakfast dont eat here. Sunday decided to eat in 28th-floor Galvin at Windows restaurant - great views nice decor - poached eggs cold very upset about that. Also bacon served here was not as good as in Park Brasserie. Staff overall are okay but seems to be a lack of organsiation in certain areas. Having stayed ay many 5 star hotels this does not compare very well with most others. On check out bill was wrong as they were trying to charge us for food we did not have. Would not stay here again as there are plenty of good choices in London.	
Nov 13 2006 	not the best hilton(sheffield england)	On the 6th January I booked the 5 star Hilton Park Lane Hotel as a change from our usual hotel, for our annual shopping trip for a 3 night stay. On checking in the porter took our bags up to the room &amp; opened the door, to our disappointment I found a very shappy &amp; dated room. Not being a complainer I didn't say anything. After returning from an evening out, looking forward to a good nights sleep, ready for a good days shopping the next day, I was dismayed to find that the windows whistled &amp; the curtains blew, I called reception &amp; was told that a engineer would come up to the room &amp; sticky tape them up!!! At £220 per night I dont expect sticky taped windows. After a sleepless night the morning was made worse when a hammer drill was used on the next floor at 8.00am, once again I called reception &amp; the noise stopped for 5 minutes before starting again, this was the final straw, we decided to check out &amp; go back to our usual Hotel (The Rubens at the Palace - 4 stars). On checking out the receptionist asked us why we wanted to leave &amp; we explained the above, they offered us a room upgrade but by this point it was too late. I would also like to add that the bathroom titles were cracked &amp; mouldy &amp; the towels had seen better days! All in all not what you expect from a 5 star Flagship hotel, I'd rather go to travel lodge, the rooms are better!	
Oct 22 2006 	Nice Stay	My wife and I spent 6 days in London at the Hotel. We arrived early (1000) and were quickly offered a 14th floor Suite since the room origianlly assigned was not yet ready. We also were given Executive Lounge access which is open from 0730 to 2200.Great views of the Heart of London from both the Bedroom and Liviing Room. The furnishings were nice including an easy chair and settee in the living room. The large bathroom was equiped with all the Mod Cons including two very nice bathrobes. Daily newspaper along with turndown service in addition to the usual cleaning. More than enough storage and the air conditioning system was quite effective, this Oct being unseasonably warm.Room service was very prompt and efficient. No coffee maker but the use of the Executive Lounge on the First Floor was more than adequate as a substitute. The Lounge offers free internet access.The Hotel has a nice excercise facility in the Lower Level well equiped with cardio machines and other equipment.The small parking area in front of the Hotel (main parking underneath in a large garage) provided a nice view from the Lounge of many interesting cars including Lambohrginis, Bentleys, Rolls Royces, Aston Martins, along with the usual Jaguars and Cadillacs.The Hotel is manily a business location but with a Bus Stop right out front and Shepard's Market, Berkely Square and other parts of Mayfair a short walk away, the location is quite nice. Staff service was efficient and prompt to respond to all requests.All in all a very enjoyable 6 days at a first class hotel.	
Oct 18 2006 	all good	we stayed here for 4 nights with points so the stay was totally free but it took a lot of points and a lot of time to save them. i did a lot of research before picking this hote and felt satisfied with the choice. we are a married couple in our 40's who travel extensively but this was our first time to Europe. We arrived at 11:00 and were given a room upon check in. Room was equal to Hilton's we have stayed at in the New England area, very spacious, very clean, great view of Hyde Park, great King bed. we did think the picture on the web looks nothing like the stone gray building but the interior is very nice. My husband is a diamond honors member therefore our room was on the executive floor (1701) and came with executive lounge privileges which for us made the hotel much more impressive. The privilege is very confusing...it is not guaranteed, if a room on the executive floor is available then you have access to the lounge, if not then you may just get an upgraded room with no lounge privileges...that would be a huge disappointment. The lounge is a huge benefit. we ate there every morning, a wonderful cold buffet with lots of fruit, cheese, croissants, yogurt, cereal, fresh squeezed oj, great coffee, espresso machine, etc. Each afternoon they had tea, coffee, scones, pastries, etc. and each evening they offered beer, wine, sodas, etc. with lots of snack choices. we used the lounge each evening to read the newspapers and have a beer or glass of wine before heading back out or hitting the sack. The location is not the best for tourist who are using the tube, bus or walking. we do a lot of walking to see the sites and other than the beautiful park and other high class hotels there is nothing very close. we walked up Park Lane each day to Marble Arch and Oxford St to catch a bus or the tube. it was only about 10-15 minutes but by day 4 it was tiring.This was the only Hilton that would guarantee a king bed, most of the others that we considered were either one double or two twin...no thanks for the same amount of points! also from reviews this Hilton had the best executive lounge and it was excellent.we were probably one of the very view who leave this hotel walking with luggage to the tube but found Hyde Park Corner station very convenient to the hotel but did take 45 minutes to get to Heathrow early Sat. morning. We would stay here again and that tube stop is less than half the distance than Marble Arch so we would probably use that one next time.	
Oct 17 2006 	Okay Hotel... Would stay there again.	Stayed Sept 21 - 24. Okay location. Staff was average. Nothing bad, but nothing outstanding either. Carpets needed cleaning, but everything else was in good repair. We weren't in the room much as this was our first time to London and we wanted to see as much as we could.	
Oct 8 2006 	Disappointed	I had initially booked for two nights at this hotel but was so disappointed that I cancelled the second night! Fortunately the first night had been paid for by my company and they had got me a rate of £215 for my second nights stay with my husband in a deluxe room. Firstly the approach to the hotel was disappointing - the hotel looks like a 1960's grey tower block - nothing like the pictures on the web. The hotel lobby and guest areas inside are very nice to look at, but nothing special. The food we ate at the hotel was delicious. Drink prices were ridiculous. The bedroom was on the 21st floor and had fantastic views over London and Hyde Park. The room although ok was not what I would expect from a 5 star hotel - I have stayed in better rooms in 3 star hotels. The deco was dated, I could feel the springs in the mattress and as a result did not get a good night sleep, the window did not seem to shut probably and as a result we could hear the wind blowing through all night and making the curtains blow about. The bathroom was in great need of updating - fake marble sink, lime scale everywhere, cracked tiles, and even the towels were only 50% cotton. The mirror was cracked above the mini bar. Now I might sound like I am being fussy and picky but the bedroom really did disappoint - I refuse to pay £215 for a room when I could stay in a very nice 3 star hotel on Oxford Street for £120! Although in the city this hotel is not really in walking distance to anything - so tube and taxis are a must. Overall this hotel is extremely over priced and if I had paid to stay here I would have felt truly gutted.	
Oct 4 2006 	Decent hotel ovepriced busienss facility not friendly to Americans	I used mileage to stay at this property in early September.The halls and lobby were dirty. The front desk personnel were very rude and disinterested. Business center was twice the price of other Hiltons in London. Internet was slower than old dial up connections.Overall, a big disappointment to beginning of our homneymoon.	
Aug 29 2006 	Rock hard beds	If you are looking for a five star hotel, look elsewhere. While the facility is nice, with good views over London, the staff are totally lacking. The bed in my room (1805) was hard as a brick, and you could feel the individual springs through the sheets. Repeated calls to staff were met with indifference. Finally, when I checked out early, the front desk staff were extremely rude (as they were on check in). Unless you're staying for free on points, definitely look elsewhere.	
Aug 7 2006	Nice View	Having stayed for 1 night and paid £215.00 as H.H Gold I was happy to get an upgraded to a Junior Suite with access to the Executive Lounge. Nothing to complain about really, the room was nothing special the very low ceilings and the décor was a tad tired. It reminded me of an (albeit) upmarket retirement home. I wouldn’t pay to stay here again and if I had booked and paid for a junior suite I would have been straight down to the front desk to complain.	
Jul 22 2006 	Good Experience	Stayed 5 nights at the London Park Lane Hilton in June, 2006 using Gold level HHonors award. Upon arrival, was directed to the Executive Lounge. Was given a pleasant, 23rd floor room with a small balcony and a great view of Hyde Park. Food and drinks are expensive in London so access to the Executive Lounge was a real &quot;plus&quot;. Staff was friendly and competent. The concierge directed us to several interesting local restaurants without trying to sell the hotel restaurants.Caution! Unlike most Hilton hotels, the Park Lane charges a per minute fee for using an international calling card, and it can get expensive. Two weeks later, I stayed at the Hilton in Stockholm and they charged a modest flat fee for each call.A good location for tourism and all in all a good experience.	
Jul 20 2006 	Really enjoyable stay	We stayed here for my husband's Birthday and really enjoyed it. The bedroom looked as though it was one of their newly decorated ones - modern and not too fussy - and the view of the London Eye was a real bonus. We saw a show on Friday night but on Saturday we had dinner in the Trader Vics restaurant. Atmosphere was great and so were the cocktails! Only slight gripe was that there was a bit of a queue to pay the bill on Sunday morning but even then we didn't wait too long.	
Jul 18 2006	Haute cuisine experience	What a treat to stay on London's Park Lane with such amazing views over London! On check in we were advised we had been upgraded to a recently refurbished room, albeit on the 8th floor we had lovely park views (Hyde Park) and the rooms was quite modern, and decorated in calm tones of cream and brown. London based friends had recommended us the new 28th floor restaurant, Galvin at Windows, and this surely was a treat. Haute cuisine - literally!	
Jul 11 2006	superb choice	We stayed at the Hilton Park Lane for 5 nights in June'06.Check in took less than 5 minutes. The rooms were tastefully decorated, with all the amenities one would expect from a Hilton. We had booked three rooms, and had requested for interconnecting rooms. All our requests were catered to.We had two rooms overlooking the Hyde park and one overlooking the city with the London eye in distant view.The location of the HOtel is very convenient with Hyde park just across the hotel. Buckingham palace is a about 10-15 minutes walk and the central areas of picaddily circus, oxford street are about 5-7 minutes taxi ride away. The Hyde Park underground station is about 3 minutes walk away.The hotel is within easy walking distance to many restaurants.The staff of the hotel was very courteous, specially the concierge, who helped us a lot by making dinner reservations, booking show tickets, arranging for cabs.Our room rate included breakfast, and the spread was very impressive. They had a wide variety of cooked and cold dishes, with lots of fresh fruit, cheese and yoghurts.Only thing that bothered me a bit was that the breakfast menu was the exact same every day, and it can be a bit of a downer having no variety.But its only a minor gripe, and overall our stay was most comfortable.I would definately stay here again.	
Jun 22 2006	Executive Lounge Saves the Day!	I managed to secure a one night stay at the Park Lane Hilton for free with my Hilton Honour Points and was very pleased on arrival, to find that I had been upgraded to a one bed suite- on floor 6- number 618- the suite was a strange shape as it backed on to the lifts which could be heard through the living room walls- but couldnt hear them in the bedroom. I must admit if i had paid the going rate for the suite i wouldnt have been that impressed- had a lame view over the rear of the property and some air conditioning ducts, but my Mum was impressed and as I had arranged the weekend stay as a birthday treat for her- I was pleased too! The room looked a little tired and the wardrobe doors were hard to close, but on the plus side the room did have tea and coffee making facilities and the Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries in the bathroom were amazing- they had thought of everything- from a loofah and shaving set to a comb and dental flosser! The bathroom was on the small side but nicely maintained and the whole suite was very clean. I did read that the suites on the upper floors have just been upgraded and I am sure that that is reflected in the increased price- but the photos I saw made them look stunning!One of the benefits of being in a suite is that you have access to the Executive Lounge on the first floor- this is a great two roomed area where there is free internet access, newspapers, magazines and a flat screen TV- with comfy chairs and sofas- they allow you to check in and out there and have shower facilities for if you have checked out earlier in the day and want to freshen up before leaving. They offer a complimentary breakfast, drinks and cookies at lunch, then afternoon tea 3-5 and then a light buffet from 6pm onwards. We were mightily impressed- the staff were friendly, the fridges full of cold beverages (all complimentary) and the coffee machine had fantastic coffee and espresso. The afternoon tea was a sight to behold and could stand up against a lot of other hotels costly afternoon tea offerings with open sandwiches, mini creme brulees, scones with cream and jam, fruity mousses in cute little glasses and other fancy pastries. The buffet on the evening offered lots of mezze type dishes and again was of a fabulous quality, as was the continental breakfast the following day- in fact we seemed to do a lot of eating and drinking whilst we were there! The staff were good at cleaning up after us too!Location wise- in my opinion it is fair- it is good if you want to get to Hyde Park or Green Park and Buck House etc- but its a trek along Piccadilly to the hubbub of shops and galleries, and again a bit of a trek north to Oxford Street etc- but for most tourists I expect it is quite a good central location! The hotel looked in good shape and was very clean- I am not keen on the Pop bar in the lobby- it seems like an afterthought and is like a tiny galley with a few leather chairs that is just too small to generate much of an atmosphere.Overall- had a good stay but not sure I would pay the over inflated prices- I do work in London so perhaps didn’t focus on the general tourists view, but I would tend towards a smaller more boutique-y hotel- try the Lowndes in Belgravia when it reopens or the Bentley Kempinski in Kensington for a more authentic London feel!	
Jun 20 2006	Wonderful Executive Lounge at the London Hilton	My husband and I stayed here on points June1-6. Bed was not the best; it seemed to have a board under the matress; however, the rest of the room was fine, if not exceptional. Maids had a problem leaving facecloths in the bathroom. One came round about 5:00 p.m., asking whether we needed anything. Having missed her one day and having to call for the requisite cloths, my husband wrote a note requesting facecloths and left it under the tip. No more problem.As my husband is a diamond Hilton member, we were given keys to the Executive Lounge, a wonderful place with breakfast, teatime treats, cocktail buffet, wines, liquor, mixers, tea and coffee, along with computer access and shower facilities. The Lounge and an adequate room made our stay.	
Jun 9 2006	Good location slow service	After flying all night and arriving mid-morning, our specifically requested &quot;early check-in&quot; was not to be had. Fortunately other family had arrived a day earlier and we were able to use their room to shower and change for a matinee of &quot;The Lion King&quot;. Upon leaving the hotel we were advised that our suite was almost ready and would certainly be ready by the time we returned from the theater. Now going on two days without sleep, we stumbled back from the theater ready to enjoy our suite when we were informed by the front desk that there were no suites available ???? We were put into a single room on an upper floor and do admit that the view was gorgeous, but it was not a suite. The room was clean and comfortable but not luxurious. Breakfast at the concierge level in the mornings as part of our package was simple but as we were there on the weekend, seating was a problem. Yes, the hotel is convenient but expect to waste some of that convenient time on waiting for staff to respond to inquiries or problems. At one point during breakfast on Sunday, the gentleman at the service club was overheard on the phone pleading for the Chef to send up more food. Looks like in-house service also a problem.	
May 30 2006	just another 5 star hotel	I’m a Londoner and made a reservation here for a special occasion, I decided to pay extra to have breakfast but that left a bad taste. From a five star hotel the room was as expected. Clean, comfortable, spacious and with a great view and of course all the extra little touches that come with the price. The breakfast was a big disappointment.	
May 12 2006	Good hotel; Great location!	We just returned from London and enjoyed our first stay at the &quot;LHPL&quot;. This is an older Hilton property that appears to have done its best to remain up to date with periodic renovations. Arguably the greatest asset this hotel possesses is its location--in the southwest corner of the Mayfair district, across from Hyde Park--it's less than a 5-minute walk to the Hyde Park Corner tube station and only a short cab-ride (or tube ride) from Victoria Station, which will connect you with the Gatwick Express, etc.  The staff was courteous and professional at all levels--especially with helping us correct an error in our arrival and departure dates, prior to our trip. Our room (on the 18th floor, facing Hyde Park) was designted a &quot;King Superior&quot;; slightly smaller than a comparable room in the US, it was nevertheless very comfortable; the bathroom was a little small, but had all the amenities we expected (great water pressure in the shower--something you don't always encounter in overseas hotels--and plenty of hot water); even though it wasn't hot in London (temps in the 70's) we tried the air conditioner just to cool down after long days of sightseeing, but it did only a mediocre job of cooling the room--the only real complaint of our stay.  During our week, the exchange rate was about $1.85 to 1 pound, which made London more expensive than usual. We only dined in the hotel for breakfast, but with the exchange rate it was pricey nevertheless (e.g., 4 pounds for a juice, coffee or tea at breakfast -- about $7.40), which is not necessarily their fault--that happens to be the rate of exchange right now. There are some very good restautrants within walking distance that you might find a little less costly--e.g., Prezzo (Italian); La Pirata (Spanish); The Auderly (Pub Grub) and Le Richoux (French atmosphere with a mixed menu). Overall, a very good stay, and we would recommend the Hilton to anyone who wants a good central base in London.	
May 8 2006 	Thank you for excellent service	On May 3rd a small party from our company attended the Business Excellence Awards ceremony at the Hilton Park Lane. We would like to express our thanks to the staff, who were extremely helpful throughout our stay. We would especially like to mention Mr. Abdel-Khalek ElSayeh. One member of our group thought he would not be able to attend the dinner, as British Airways had lost his luggage at Gatwick. Mr. ElSayeh went out of his way to find him a suit, shirt and bow-tie for the occasion and saved the day ! We would also like to thank the kitchen staff for preparing a special main course for someone in our party who had specific requirements. Overall the service was excellent and made our stay with you a memorable experience.	
May 8 2006	Average experience in an overpriced hotel	Booked this hotel for a special occasion (birthday celebration). We booked the executive room which was supposed to be spacious and overlooking the park. When we got to the hotel, our room was not ready but we were allowed to leave luggage in the executive lounge. When we eventually got to our room I was shocked to find that it was a small room in the back corner of the building with a tiny tiny hole instead of a proper window. The room was at least half smaller than advertised, the view was horrible - garbage, garbage, garbage. I immediately called the reception and told them that we were not paying for this closet and that it was a shame that they would consider this room to be an executive deluxe room! We were then moved to another room on the lower floor, which was much bigger, with nicer window and better view. The question is why they did not assign the better room in the first place, trying to cheat and sell storage facilities as the deluxe room. After we moved, the overall experience was not that bad, although somewhat disappointing as the hotel did not live up to excepectations as the flagman property of Hilton. I do not understand what all the fuss is about with this hotel - the building is sort of ugly and the rooms' interior is old and in need to renovation. I had wanted to stay at the hotel for a few years thinking that it really was the best Hilton property in town, but I was room. Better look for another hotel if you want to avoid disappoitnment for the overpriced experience.	
Apr 22 2006	Great Location Great Staff Great Hotel.	There was a little trepidation before we scheduled our visit and after reading some of the reviews from this site. My wife and I were traveling with our two kids and so needed to reserve two rooms. Originally we had scheduled the Waldorf Hilton but changed our mind after reading that the Park Lane Hilton offered upgrades to Gold level HHonors members to the executive lounge, this made the trip FABULOUS! The executive lounge offered complimentary breakfast, complimentary afternoon tea, and complimentary evening light snacks, and everything was delicious. The lounge also offered free access to Sony PSP’s and complimentary internet and wifi access. This made the trip so much easier with two pre-teenagers. I would definitely ask for the executive level privileges even if there is an additional charge, it made everything so much easier and enjoyable. The hotel was everything you would expect in a large Hilton, there was every service necessary, but what was very significant in a hotel this size was the unbelievable hospitality towards the guests. They did everything to make our stay enjoyable. The room’s size is smaller than U.S. hotels, but this is true of everywhere in Europe, plus why would you come to London and care about the room size when the whole of London awaits you outside of the room. Lastly, the area which the hotel is in, Mayfair, is very quaint, although we did not realize the extent of it until our last day there. Right around the corner from the hotel, about 200 yards away, in an area with little chocolate shops, pubs, quaint restaurants… a tiny little village. Although you will need to ask the concierge how to get to there because it is tucked back behind some other buildings next to the hotel.Wonderful hotel and wonderful location, I have already reccomended the hotel to a number of my friends, and I will continue to do so.	
Apr 16 2006	Very Good	The hotel was informed of my birthday. We arrived Easter Saturday to be upgraded free of charge. The room was wonderful and faced Hyde Park. The extras in the room were very nice and the staff were very courteous.My only complaint is the price of the drinks. Room service and the POP bar. If they were a little cheaper more people would stay in the hotel to drink.We would have had breakfast there too if the price had been cheaper.I would certainly stay there again.	
Apr 16 2006 	Expensive not 5 stars but good overall experience	I stayed at the London Hilton on Park Lane from April 05th through April 09th the property looks in good shape, the lobby and public area are newly furbished and everything looks fresh and clean. On the other side the staff isn’t ready to run the extra mile for you. I booked an executive room located between floor 22nd and 28th; Even though I requested an early check in option, my room wasn’t ready because the lady at the front desk stated the hotel was fully booked, I’ve been offered to stay in the executive lounge waiting for my room to be swept, I waited there for about 45 minutes drinking a couple of cokes with some fine pastries and enjoying free Wi-Fi access then I decided to leave the hotel and stroll around until 2 p.m. when my room was supposed to be ready. Finally, I checked in on the executive floor and I was given a room on the 23rd floor with a view on the corner between Hyde Park and Green Park. I reserved a two twin beds room, but I found a king size only. The bellhop offered to take care of the problem, so I handed him 5 GPB and left again. Back in my room at 5 p.m. I found the problem unsolved, I rode the elevator down to the first floor, where the executive lounge is located, the staff there wasn’t especially friendly but they took care of the issue sending a maid in the room who simply divided the king size bed in two twin beds, I wasn’t expecting that kind of solution in a hotel with this price tag, but that’s what I got since there weren’t any other rooms available. The air conditioning wasn’t running and there was no way to make the thing cool down the environment, operating the fan on the coolest level possible made the room even warmer because hot air only was coming out of the vent. I phoned down inquiring for the problem and 5 minutes later an engineer called me back saying that the a/c wasn’t running simply because the hotel central venting system was set on “heat” so if I wanted a cooler room I just had to switch off the thing. This suggestion seemed pretty useless at first time, but somehow it worked (there’s a thin venting exhaust located near the window spitting a breeze of fresh air in the room). A part from these two “minor” issues, and the fact that you can’t call this type of room “spacious”, everything was clean and the Molton Brown products were a nice touch in the bathroom. I had a pleasant stay, the hotel is comfortably located on classy Park Lane, pretty close to Hyde Park Corner and Green Park subway stations. Piccadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, Bond Street and Regent street shops are all at 15 minutes walking distance.I stayed at the Marriott Hotel County Hall before and I have to admit that the Hilton is wisely located though viewing the Big Bang and the House of Parliament from the Studio suite balcony can’t be beaten. I’d choose the Marriott for the dramatic view and for the friendly staff, the Hilton for the position and the executive lounge. I really enjoyed the executive lounge, it has a nice view over Park Lane although it’s located on the first floor only (way better than the windowless County Hall’s lounge). Drinks and food are fine, and there’s complimentary Wi-Fi access. Standard in-room ethernet access is going to cost you 20 GBP per 24 hours.	
Apr 14 2006	Very Good Hotel in the Heart of London	On our first trip to London, we wanted a central location. Plus I was a Hiltons HonorGold member and try to stay at Hiltons, whenever possible. I did review the Review sites before booking and decided to take a chance.We were pleasantly surprised. Upon arrival, we were brought up to the Executive Lounge/check in on the 1st floor. Our rooms were on the Executive 16th floor....an upgrade because of availability. We stayed for seven nights. Within a few minutes we were enjoying some breakfast foods at the executive lounge (we arrived at 9:30 a.m. after an evening flight out of Orlando, Florida - LONG TIME AWAKE!) Then went to our rooms.....which had a pretty good view of Hyde Park. Our only problem with the room was the carpeting was a little worn and buckled because of excessive use.....aside from that, it was clean, bright and spacious. Within minutes of our arrival, a small box of chocolates, two waters and a note of welcome from the Manager was in hand......I was not expecting this.We enjoyed a couple of dinners/drinks in the Cafe Brasserie. The wait staff were superior! We also ate at the Cafe for breakfast and the buffet was outstanding...even if I don't eat baked beans for breakfast. Everything was clean and orderly.Our only item of concern was Trader Vic's. Our waiter, Rick, was very distant and just tolerated us, especially when he told my husband that anything from the fire-grill was 50 MINUTE wait. So we chose something else.The food came quickly and only after the manager came to help us....did the service improve some.....but we were not letting one issue ruin our vacation. Waiters come and go.......The fitness center was modern and clean. Our check-out was smooth and efficient. We will be back....I especially like Doormen attire.....very proper!	
Mar 22 2006	Avoid	Oh how I should have listened to the previous reviewers. I have a long history with the PLH and was a little disgruntled to read the negative comments. Check-in went well and was offered an upgrade to a deluxe room. Result I thought. Until I saw it – there was no room to swing a cat and if this is deluxe I imagine the standards have shared bathrooms with outside toilets. After an arduous flight I collapsed into the bed to be greeted by springs lodging in my back. It felt like a 99GBP mattress from Ikea. Shocking!!! After a quick shower, and being out of the London circuit for a while, I thought I’d try and see how useful the concierge was. Sadly the concierge service provided at this hotel was useless!!!!The suggestions he came out with for a night out were Attica, Sugar Reef, Funky Buddah….my mother could have named these places as there always in the tabloids for the wrong reasons usually involving footballers with money and no class – hardly my scene. And as for the guest-list for these lame places, forget about it….Ah no pal the clubs are shut…..as it was Saturday night I thought this information was a bit confusing – it was Saturday…..they can’t be shut! What the concierge meant was the office was shut so he couldn’t send a fax to them. This was all a bit weird – shouldn’t concierges in alleged Five Star hotels have a list of contacts all over the town. Call me naive but that how it happens every where else in the world. If this wasn’t bad enough – and as I mentioned earlier I have a long history with this place and in particular Windows bar on the 28th Floor. Imagine my horror therefore, after inviting friends that I haven’t seen for 12 months to a bar that is closed for a re-fit. Thanks PLH for the information….for the note on the booking…..for the info on the website….for making me look like a ......!I could go on but have wasted enough resources on this place - do yourselves a favour stay elsewhere. It truly has fallen from grace.	
Mar 20 2006	Over-rated and over-priced	I stayed one night here with my wife and we got a deal through last minute.The room (with a view across the hotel air-conditioning units) was okay but very small. The room safe was broken and it was very noisey compared to more modern hotels that I've stayed in.Breakfast wasn't included in the price but we decided to splash out anyway. At £22 per person, we expected something better that what you'd find at a motorway service station. Where do I start? The toast was cold, burnt on the outside and uncooked in the middle. The sausages were anaemic and the food was only just warm.I can't see how this hotel is five-star rated. My advice: look elsewhere!	
Mar 6 2006	Overrated	As this is the Hilton flagship in London, I was looking forward to my stay. Unfortunately, I was quite disappointed.  The location is terrific, just a couple blocks from the Hyde Park Tube station. The exterior and lobby areas are impressive. However, the front desk has quite a snob factor, beginning with ignoring me while I was waiting at the HHonors line to check in. The man finally took someone from the REGULAR line. Then when he couldn't avoid me any longer, took me. Despite being a Gold Honors member, instead of being offered Lounge access to wait, I was told to come back at 3PM, possibly earlier when my room may be ready. I was initially given a room that was directly across from the the bank of elevators despite my profile request of being away from the elevators. As this was unacceptable, I requested a change. This was eventually done thru the Executive Lounge. The room was average sized with a decent sized bathroom. The bathroom amenities, Moulton Brown, nice. Oddly enough, the maid took the bath mat after the first day and never replaced it. We used a towel in its place.  The bed was quite comfortable but the walls very thin. Could hear my neighbors talking and street noise despite being on a very high floor. Other guests were extremely rude. One night a group of drunken men fumbled down the hallway, apparently lost, laughing, arguing and shouting loudly. This was subsequently followed by a screaming banshee was walked up and down the hallways, banging on doors, crying and screaming. Security eventually came to collect her. All of this occured between 2 and 3 AM! For Gold and Diamond HHonors guests, there is an executve lounge that can take care of most requests, allowing one to bypass the front desk. The lounge is quite nice with snacks and drinks available, with smoking and non-smoking sections. Staff is very friendly and helpful (BIG contrast to the front desk). The only computer is located in the smoking room. However, this does limit the time spent on the computer due to the constant thick haze. The lobby restaurant is good but very expensive. A bottle water is £4.5 and wine by the glass ranged from £6-8 each! A small chicken dish was £17!  Phone calls were billed at £0.6 per minute for local, £2 for toll free connection fee. Overall, a decent hotel, good for expense accounters, but nothing spectacular. Good if you get a great deal but most defintely not worth the splurge. There are much better hotels for the price or lower available.	
Feb 1 2006	overpriced tower	I did arrive rather early, what was announced on my online booking. However holding a HHonors - Gold level- I had to wait until half past noon to get into my room - executive on 17th floor. I found the amenities not so great for an executive room -the bathroom was rather small - only 1 minuscule soap . The minibar was simply not cold enough and no ice in it.Breakfast was good, very good fresh fruits;service in both bars Windows and &quot;Pop&quot; on ground level could improve.Checking out , there was a 17.5 VAT extra while i had a prepaid booking &quot;tax and services included&quot;. The lady doing the check out nearly shouted &quot;i need copy&quot;Park Lane Hilton is not what it used to be not even for &quot;Goldlevel&quot; members	
Dec 30 2005	Great experience if you have the money to spend	The London Hilton on Park Lane is a wonderful hotel! I stayed in a suite thanks to some connections through my father's work and it was WONDERFUL! Our room wasnt ready when we arrived at the hotel around 1:00 so they gave us a standard room to freshen up in. Be prepared - it is SMALL! If you can only afford a standard room - I would stay someplace else. It seems like the standard rooms are overpriced here for their size and that you could stay someplace else for half the price and the same size room. That being said, it is in a FABULOUS location with shopping and attractions very close! Bus station right outside the hotel too! The concierge was TRES helpful, and got us tickets to Billy Elliot after saying that it might not happen because the tickets are hard to come by. They helped book side trips and gave lots of directions and were very patient with all of our questions. So all in all, if you have money to spend this is definitely a great place to stay, if you are looking for a standard room, stay someplace else!	
Dec 13 2005 	Sorry excuse for a delux hotel.....	Stayed for one night beginning Dec looking forward to our stay at the Hilton but what a big disappointment.Arrival. When I arrived at the hotel with luggage and various baggage there was no doormen to be seen, so I struggled with the luggage into a very bland and extemely smoky foyer with only a sparten sitting area.ReceptionAfter waiting for almost 10 mins for a receptionist, (it was not that busy)I would of been greeted more warmly by a cold front from Siberia than the welcome that I got from the front of house staff. Not once did she look up at me or welcome me to the hotel. As I was early to check in I only wanted to leave my luggage and return later. After being told rather bluntly no rooms were ready, a finger was raised in the direction of the concierge, and told to leave my luggage there, Mmm niceRoomAfter returning later I then went to check in, got my luggage, which I carried again myself to my room. On first impression the room seemed ok. However I did notice that the curtains were hanging fron the track and they indeed did not even close properly but what was that noise? After looking out of the window there seemed to be a half an acre of conditioning units and various fans all humming away directly outside the window. This would get really annoying and quite noisy. So I rang reciption to change the room and was told it it would be quicker for me to go and get the new key than for somone to bring it up! Oh the joys of a 5* hotel! So back with all the luggage and into a new room on the 20th floor. The receptionist was very helpful with the new room. Well this room was quiet but the air con did not work circa 1972 I think, as for the decoration its badly in need of refurb and the funishings are well past throwing out. For a non smoking room there was a cigarete burn on the quilt, only one robe (no slippers) a chipped bath with cracked floor tiles, grey hard towels that I would not wash the floor with, and the towel rail was caked with limescale. But the Molton Brown toiletries were nice! BreakfastBuffet style but later found out you could have other orders. No menu when we arrived. Basic buffet, nothing special quite amused at watching a memeber of staff trying to hide in a tea towel a carton of orange juice whilst pouring orange juice into the fresh orange dispenser. Poor quality of food. Later found out we got charged a service charge! What for helping yourself to a buffet! Staff were ok.So all in all a 5* I think not, and to think the Christmas decorations were not even up (all the other big hotels were all dressed) All this for the sum of £250.00 never again, a big disapointment	
Nov 28 2005 	Disappointing and Overpriced	This hotel is pretty hit or miss with the rooms, some of which are badly in need of renovation. I have had beds that sag in the middle, showers that spray in several directions simultaneously, and bathrooms where half the tiles are cracked or missing. Unfortunately I have to stay there when the Green Park Hilton is full (which is much better). The Radisson Edwardian is also better.If you have pretty low expectations and get a good rate, then this hotel is perfectly acceptable. If you are looking for a great London hotel experience, try the Savoy or Claridges.	
Nov 23 2005	Great Room	We really enjoyed our weekend spent in this hotel. The room was great, with stunning views over London - you could not fault it. We had room service on the first night as we arrived late- service was prompt and the food was delicious. I liked the fact that you could choose to have breakfast either in the Brasserie, or in Windows restaurant. Views from Windows are also fabulous. We found all the staff to be friendly and welcoming. I would recommend this hotel to anyone on a visit to London, particularly if you can get a good deal on the rate like we did.	
Nov 9 2005	a perfect stay	- When I took my daughter to London for her first time, this september , we stayed at Hilton on Park lane.I just wanted it to be perfect , and it was!From that moment when we arrived to the time we left, both my daughter and I had a great time.A wonderfull room with a perfect view over London, which we were about to explore.Breakfast on the 28th floor! Great staff!Good location .We really had a pleasant time! Jorgen Stigh	
Nov 1 2005	Loved the bars the bed and the breakfast!	We stayed for one night for my partners birthday and it made the occasion really special. The service was fantastic, the staff were helpful and professional and the whole experience was luxurious. Everything was of a very high quality from the time we checked in to the time we checked out and the only disappointment was leaving! The bars had perfect atmosphere (it was a Thursday night) and were not too busy so really relaxing and cosy, and the champagne bar was great. The room was great and the bed was so comfortable (and big) that we are considering buying one! This was finished off with a great breakfast experience. We will definitely be going again! Highly recommended!	
Oct 29 2005 	good but not 5*	Stayed here on a business trip recently and foound this to be a fairly good hotel. The location is good, minutes from hyde park tube station and a ten minute walk from Oxford street. The check in staff very friendly and helpful. The room itself was small but comfy. Nice decor and a good view. Room service was good, large portions and good presentation.The only problem with this hotel is that it does not feel like a five star hotel. Service is to the &quot;hilton standard&quot;, but nothing spectacular (unlike the lanesborough). And there lies the problem, the hotel feels too cooperate and you are just a number. All in all, this is a good hotel. Not worth five stars; but rooms are nice, staff are friendly and the food good. Worth staying at.	
Sep 19 2005	Can't complain!	I was VERY nervous about staying here, based on past reviews from others. We stayed using Hilton VIP point package, so we had 6 nights here for free. They also upgraded us to a suite, and we had access to the executive lounge, which gave us free drinks, light meals and snacks. I thought the hotel itself was fine - it's perfectly located, and due to it's height, always easy to spot. The staff was unremarkable, which was good because I was expecting total snobs, but they weren't at all. The lifts were out of service due to some putz on the 17th floor flooding his bathroom, so we had to use the service lifts, but the staff was friendly and I am sure they were frustrated too that guests were invading their spaces! The room was fine, furniture okay, and bathroom was quite nice. I have no idea how much it would cost to stay here, so I can't really say if it's worth it - we also stayed 2 nights up the block at the Marriott which was much swankier, and right off Oxford Street (great shopping) but I thought it was a little more formal and stuffy. We had a great time at the Hilton.	
Jul 30 2005	Slumming it on Park Lane	We stayed earlier this year. Don't stay here, please, please don't stay here!! From the outside, you have a REALLY ugly high-rise building in amongst fabulous Victorian and Georgian buildings. Although the reception staff were v friendly (eventually, we still waited 5-10 minutes for assistance and it was quiet) and the reception looks sumptious, true colours don't lie hidden for too long. The hotel room - view of Hyde Park great but on either side of the window were areas that looked like the tie backs had been ripped from the wall and really poorly plastered over, room looked like it should've been refurbished which from a 5 star you don't expect. Then in the evening, went to the high-floor resident's bar - oh my god, talk about really bad service, snotty staff, stood at the bar for 10-15 minsutes before being served (it wasn't v busy), no apology for delay and v v expensive for drinks. Good views but save yourself the hassle &amp; see it all on the London Eye. They spent £30M on this hotel's refurbishment and it doesn't show. A very good reason (but an exceptionally expensive one!!!) to see a hotel as just somewhere to sleep - do yourself a favour and spend your generous amount of money on somewhere that deserves it.We will stay ANYWHERE ELSE but this hotel when we're next in London!!!	
Jun 29 2005	Excellent for a weekend break	My Daughter wanted to visit London so I used my Hilton HHonors points to book a three day weekend at the Park Lane Hilton. I expected a basic room as we were not paying for the accomodation. We arrived at 12:30pm, too early to check in. We were ushered to the Executive Lounge, on the 26th floor, to enjoy canapes and complimentary drinks until the room was ready. This lounge has superb views over the city. Unfortunately it is small and gets crowded although only the guests occupying floors 22-27 are entitled to use it. (Hilton intends moving it down to the second floor where more space will be available but the views of the London Eye, Westminster and Buckingham Palace will be lost).At 1:30pm the receptionist in the Executive Lonuge checked us in. We were shown to our King Executive Room on the 23rd floor. Upon entering we were greeted with a table laid for four with a fruit &amp; chocolate cake wishing my Daughter a happy birthday. There were also birthday decorations around the room, a statuete made of chocolate and other sweet goodies - enough in fact to last our, sweet toothed, family of three the entire weekend.Canapes are served throughout the day in the Executive Lounge. Complimentary breakfast, luncheon buffet, tea and evening buffet are also served. The Lounge is open until 11pm with complimentary drinks (soft and alcoholic) served until 10:30pm. In fact, because of this service we did not have to dine in either Windows Restaurant or Trader Vics, both of which seemed overpriced.The only problem over the weekend was generated by other, drunken, guests, on the Friday night, who hogged the lift and racially abused us and other guests. There seemed to be no security personnel to deal with the situation at 11:45pm. On Saturday night there was a concert, opposite, in Hyde Park. When thousands of partygoers exited the concert they headed for the Hilton to use the rest rooms. Staff were unable to control, or effectively, exclude them.Other than that I cannot fault the weekend. Our room was spacious, well equipped, with superb views. The best thing about the whole weekend was the final bill - £0.00p!	
Jun 23 2005	Nice hotel but skip Trader Vic's	My husband and I have stayed at the London Hilton several times. We've always enjoyed clean rooms with great views, and good service/food at the Brasserie. During this latest visit, we decided to cap off a special night with dinner downstairs at Trader Vic's. Unfortunately, the experience left a very bad taste in our mouths...quite literally. It was amazing to us that this restaurant was part of the hotel. We were seated 20 minutes late despite reservations on a very slow night. Once seated, it took someone 25 more minutes to take our drink order. Our food was barely warm when it arrived, after being taken from table to table to ask who ordered it. I'm sure we will return to the Hilton, but we'll be happier to walk down to the Hard Rock Cafe for a good meal.	
Jun 8 2005	Superb views!	I have just come back from a weekend stay in London at the London Hilton on Park Lane and I must say that I was impresed with the views you get from that hotel.We stayed in a room on the 15th floor and we could see Hyde Park from our window. You definetly get another perspective of London seen from that hotel. When you go to the top floor where the restaurant and the bar are you get better views than in the London Eye! It is fantastic to have a drink in that bar while you see how the night come down.	
Jun 3 2005	Clean Upscale Hotel	Lobby - excellent, upscale look &amp; feelCheck-in - arrived @ 11am; able to check-in early @ 12n. Not a lot of seating in the lobby area; prices in the cafe on-site were too high to consider waiting there. Registration clerk said she would find me when our room was ready if I waited in the lobby. After an hour I went back to the check-in desk &amp; was told, &quot;yes&quot; my room was ready. (No sign of the gal who promised she'd find me!)Concierge - very helpful; made recommendations for nearby restaurantsRoom - ordered a King bed with a rollaway in the room - came as requested. Large bathroom, appointed with Molton Brown toiletries. Needed security to come unlock balcony door (and required signature of same).Climate control - no matter how low I turned the thermostat I wasn't able to get the room cool enough at night. housekeeping - kept the room clean and tidy. Bed had a bottom sheet then a blanket in a duvet type cover which was too heavy since I couldn't control the thermostat so I requested a flat top sheet. Housekeeping arrived with yet another duvet-type getup. It looked like 2 sheets sewn together with a blanket in it. Fortunately it had an opening so I shook the blanket out of it and used it as a top sheet.location - a short walk to the tube, Hard Rock Cafe, Buckingham Palace, et.al. PERFECT! for our sightseeing adventure.Food - didn't eat in the hotel - too expensive.	
May 3 2005	Feel like a VIP	We stayed at the London Hilton on Park Lane over the bank holiday weekend. My husband is a Diamond Hilton Honors member and it showed in the service we received. We checked in at the executive club room on the 26th floor and enjoyed the free bar, snacks and excellent view. The hotel's location is perfect. Our room was quite small as are most London rooms but it had a huge bed and a power shower to die for. The staff were friendly and efficient and we will definitely be back. I can't recognise the hotel we stayed in from some of the other reviews on this site. Its a classy hotel in a great location and a midnight cocktail in the Windows bar overlooking the city is a great way to finish the day.	
Apr 24 2005	5* hilton - it does what it says on the tin.	I always stay at the London hilton -A) because im a Hilton HHonors Gold member - and I get a free upgrade and B) Its a great hotelThe staff are friendly and professional - the check-in girl even remembered my name as I checked out before me saying my room number.The Location is perfect - handy for everywhere you would want to go to.Windows restaurant is fab - The rooms are generaly 5 star - nice bathrooms, bed linin, great views. - I once bagged a Park lane Executive Suite which was great but I would not have ever paid almost 800 pounds a night for it - I had to sign a disclaimer to say I wouldn't jump from the balcony and they only unlock the door if there is more than one person staying - someone to say - &quot;Dont Jump!&quot; maybe.The Executive lounge has fantastic views and has a great atmosphire sometimes in the evening when the champagne come out however is quite small an full of Americans - (not that theres anything wrong with that)Im sure there are better Hotels in London - But if the price is right - stay here - especialy if your Hilton HHonors gold/diamond menber - they love us.	
Apr 20 2005	What's in a Name		
Mar 9 2005	Rude Manager		
Feb 8 2005 	Great View but stuffy and over-priced		
Oct 28 2004	Good...and bad...		
Oct 5 2004	Never Again.........		
Sep 11 2004	Room quality varies dramatically		
Sep 3 2004	Forgets the basics		
Aug 30 2004	Over priced and rude staff!!!		
Feb 12 2004	Luxury Plus		
Jan 10 2004	Tired and Overpriced		
Nov 10 2009	Sich dir was Besseres		
Aug 31 2009 	??????????		
Aug 6 2009 	????????		
Jul 9 2009 	??????????????????????????		
Feb 14 2009 	??????????????????		
Feb 12 2009 	Piacevole		
Oct 5 2007 	albergo di lusso a Londra		
