	Clean and well located	London is an expensive city, especially when it comes to hotels / accomodation. I was looking for something very simple, quiet , clean and affordable where to spend a week in London.That's what Windor House is.For £38 / 40.00 a day I got a very clean room with shower (not en-suite) and a simple breakfast (enough to start a day).Ok, no TV, no telephone, no internet, but if there was a tv set, for example, I would spend my nights seeing tv, &quot;ruinning&quot; the day after !So, it is not a place to stay during the day but a quite and clean place where to keep your things and sleep. Earl's Court tube station is really just around the corner, making it easy to go everywhere.If you want to take food to the hotel, the kitchen is open to guests and there is a Marks &amp; Spencers &quot;Simply Food&quot; shop 50 meters far from the hotel.Two internet shops are really nearby.I recommend Windor House : good value for the price !And friendly people too.But if you are looking for real luxury, go to ... the House of Windsors (call Beth or Phil).André Acker, from Rio de Janeiro, Brasil	
Nov 13 2009 	Unpleasant and misleading	My experience of the Windsor House Hotel was not good. When we arrived we found our 'double room', described as being a double bed was made of two unequal height single beds pushed together. The rooms are tiny, dirty, euipped with minimal and old furniture and well over priced. Although we stayed only 30mins (while trying to find alternative accommodation) we were denied our deposit amount of 70pounds even though what we paid for (a double room) was not provided. This is back packer accommodation and should be charged as such.	
Nov 8 2009 	Very friendly and helpful a comfortable and clean place to stay.	Stayed in the Windsor House B&amp;B for a couple of nights, early November.The staff were very helpful and friendly, the location is excellent being a couple of minutes from Earls Court tube station and to the museums of South Kensington.I stayed in a small room facing the street, it was clean and had a shower and sink in the room, toilet was across the hall. Perfectly adequate for what I needed and the price was very reasonable.	
Oct 15 2009 	This is the best value for a great location.	We have stayed at Windsor House two times now. Set in a quiet back street, it is minutes from the underground, shops, pubs and cafes. Access to the kitchen is a great help in summer as items can be stored in the fridge for salads and sandwiches. There is no microwave though. The rooms are basic but perfectly adequate. We were given a TV but there was nowhere to plug it in - no matter, we don't watch TV anyway. The stairs are very steep and narrow, and this is an issue when carrying heavy cases. Both times we stayed there we were promised a room on the first floor. However, despite booking well in advance, when we arrived we were still given a room up several flights of stairs. I don't quite understand why they can't get this right. But we managed, and didn't let it spoil the holiday. Even with these minor irritations, we would still stay at Windsor House again, and recommend it. You won't find anywhere cheaper or more central, and the staff are friendly.	
Aug 13 2009 	From France - A girly sightseeing weekend stay	The hotel was very well situated, a minute's walk from Earl's court tube station. We stayed in a triple room with three beds and had a laughing fit when we saw the layout. The room was higher than it was wide and the shower was too small for my (very) round friend. We quickly came to the conclusion that we were here to visit London, not to bum in the room.After the first night we concluded that the room was just fine. Quiet. Comfortable beds. No allergies from dust mites which is my own personal hell when I travel.The other nice surprise was that although it was extremely quiet for London (sleeping with window open!) there was a good selection of restaurants and diners in the area.Breakfast was simple but we did get to raid the kitchen for midnight tea which was lovely.I wouldn't suggest this as a romantic place to wow your girlfriend but for a girl's weekend away it was absolutely fine.	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent value for money in Central London	I stayed in this hotel for a leisure trip with my young children and was satisfied more than I expected.Website of the hotel very honestly describe the basic facilities it provides,atleast it doesn't try to lure the customers with false promises.Excellent location in central London,very near to earl's court subway and many tourist locations at walking distance.Staff is helpful.Standard of cleanliness even with minimum staff is very high.Bathrooms inside the room as well as on the floor are very clean and fully functional with running hotwater.Once inside it lacks present day glamour but attracts you with its English atmosphere especially the dinning room in the basement with its little garden.A definite advantage of this hotel is the facility to utilize the kitchen.After spending a hectic day,rather than eating a quick dinner you can bring some grocery to cook and enjoy your time in the comfortable dinning room.Read some magazine or watch t.v. or review your pics of the day. before going to your room.All types of restaurants including indian and pakistani food ,pharmacies,grocery shops,outlet for buying advance tickets of tourist locations are in the immediate vicinity.Breakfast is a plus point,it is generous and served in a very caring manner.Serving staff is very happy to cater for your small needs of hot tea and coffee plus rest of the things.If you get up late still after 10 a.m the kitchen is open and you can serve yourself.All the guests were very well mannered and there was no noise in the hotel or in the vicinity.The website of the hotel promises basic facilities and provides them.It is not for the snobs with extra requirements of leisure and pleasure in the hotel but for straightforward tourists who want to economize as well as look forward to a comfortable stay and base near central London attractions.There is no elevator so avoid carrying one heavy piece of luggage.	
Jul 29 2009 	nice budget hotel	The hotel is in an excellent location, just a step away from Earls Court Station, with lots of local shops and restaurants around. Rooms are simple, and the main thing when staying in budget places - clean!! :)The rooms were small (but then again- arent most rooms in London the same?? so cant really complain). However, cooked breakfast is small - you only get one boiled egg... but plenty of toast and jam (hence the 3* for service) Then again, you are allowed free access to the kitchen most times to do your own thing, so that makes up for it if you have the time.	
Jul 26 2009 	WHH is undeniably well-located modest but homely plus the staff is really efficient. A must. Real value for your money!	My stay at Windsor House Hotel (WHH) was way beyond what I expected… for the better. I live in Patagonia in Argentina, an idyllic paradise. At the beginning of the year, I travelled to Spain to visit my sister and her family who live there after five years. Quite a long time for not having seen the people you love so dearly. Anyway, during my time there, a friend of my brother-in-law’s got my sister, her newly born Iván and me inexpensive tickets to London. Everything was a bit rush, but, in the end, it turned out great. I found WHH on the web and their friendly tone really attracted me from scratch, especially if you consider this was my first trip to Europe on my own and to London with a baby, as well as my first hotel booking online. For starters, I was a bit unsure about the whole thing but, at WHH, they made it really easy for us to pay for our room, given we don’t have a credit card. I just made a bank deposit and faxed the receipt. As simple as that! It is true that the hotel is well-located. Plus the instructions on the site on how to get from the tube station to the hotel were extremely clear and simple to follow, which came in handy. Really crystal clear indeed! The efficient people at the reception were utterly kind the minute we met them, helping us upstairs with all our luggage (that travelling with a baby was considerable, to say the least). I loved our room as soon as I entered. We had our own shower and the bathroom we had was shared but, in our case, no one else was staying on that section of the hotel at the time so, I can proudly say we had our own bathroom. Everything was clean and tidy at all times. The truth is that there are no luxuries, which is logical for what they charge but it’s undeniable that they are truly homely. At the reception, they had all kinds of brochures and leaflets on excursions and sight-seeing tours you could take for free. The kitchen was fully-equipped and always available. In the dining room, we even had a TV we could use whenever we wished. Then, breakfast was quite conventional but delicious and I wouldn’t have added anything else to it. The good thing was you coud have as much as you needed and the people that waited on us were totally adorable and polite. On the whole, in my opinion, WHH is certainly family-friendly, as they claim on the site, and is unquestionably highly recommended. Next time I’m in London, I’ll definitely pay them a visit!	
Jul 19 2009 	Never got to stay Hurray!	We had credit card confirmation for a room for two nights and when we arrived they had no record of it. Also no rooms availaible, even though I had a confrimation number. They were not helpful at all. I had to go down the street to another hotel and luckily find a room myself. I wouldn't recommend this hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	good location with good value!	It was very close from Earl's court and there was Marks and Spencer nearby.I arrived very late, however hotel people were very flexible and friendly!	
Jun 25 2009 	excellent hotel to stay in london	I stayed at this hotel with another 6 persons, so we were 7 in all. We had a great room on the ground floor just how we requested. Location is great with circle, district and piccadilly lines coming and going all the time. It is just round the cornere from the station and the bus stops there as well. Shops and restaurants are in the area with great good and cheap food. The hotel&quot;s kitchen is great if u you want to save money on food. Cleanliness everywhere, hot water everyday for a nice warm shower after a long day out in London. Staff very helpful and friendly.Windsor house hotel is ideal for young and old, infact this was my second visit there in 6 months and i will certainly stay there everytime i go to London.	
Jun 23 2009 	Clean modest amenities and a warm friendly atmosphere.	Thankyou to Jan and her staff for another great stay at the Windsor House. I am a repeat visitor because of the clean, comfortable accommodations. The rooms are simple, noluxuries, but warm and the atmosphere is friendly and safe. A good breakfast is provided,and a clean kitchen facility is available for personal use. The location is perfect, walking distance to Knightsbridge (Harrods) and the tube (Earl's Court) is a two minute walk from the front door!.Every location is just a bus or tube ride away. What more can you ask for. S Philipow, Manitoba, CANADA	
Jun 18 2009 	Worst hotel ever	Reading the reviews, I was impressed by the complete different opinions: some very good and some very bad.I discovered for myself that good opinions can only be justified with astroturfing.This was the worst hotel ever.Everything went wrong: - when we arrive, our friends discovered they had not toilet in the room. Was not possible bedroom change and they have to get out of the room to get to the toilet.. - the kitchen does not have microwave and some elementary things - bread in the breakfast is handled with the hands and some other eccentric experiences - service, provided by asian guys, is rude - we asked to keep our luggage between checkout and going to the airport, when I arrived my luggage was in others guest room, with im insido of the room - we suspect that cards used to pay the hotel were used in Internet fraud.	
Jun 18 2009 	Best place to stay/location/price	I have been in Windsor House Hotel already many times, I regularly commute to London and in my bad/busy/ times this small, cosy hotel have always offered me the best price and accommodation in the area. I love the sense of staying in a Victorian high ceiling building and being able to eat my a take away in its kitchen and a beer in a sweet garden (that's what we did last time with some American family and Australians friends who were visiting as well). I found Windsor house very easy to reach, the staff is friendly, location a super plus and the rooms very clean (this is what my partner commented last time she was with me there) ahj a lift would make this place a bit heaven for me.. I simply find this hotel my cup of tea.... I would recommend to any of my friends and colleagues to stay in this any time. in fact some of them were already.  ps. winters offers are cheap, and you will always find loads of families cooking great meals around the evening so you wont feel any lonely!	
May 25 2009 	Budget accommodation value for money	Very close to the underground and London central. Quiet, clean suburb and accommodation. Rooms adequate with ensuite. Breakfast a good start for the day, and the use of kitchen to prepare our meals a big plus,as London's restaurants expensive for the quality and size of meals. Only negative of our stay was no lift and internet.Would definitely come back. Marie &amp; John (Goolwa, SA, Australia)	
May 21 2009 	disgusting b	We booked this b&amp;b in part due to somewhat normal reviews here on Trip Advisor and it was a convenient location in earl's court with loads of shops, restaurants and a tube station nearby. we normally stay in King's Cross in london but thought we would try this location for a change. When we arrived after a very long flight, i was not concered by the outer appearance as most London b&amp;b's look old outside but can be quite normal inside. The front deskman was very nice and welcoming, but the room itself had me burst into tears at the thought of staying even one night in this manky place. the door to the room wouldnt open as the lock was half busted, It was not clean, the furnishings are ancient and disgusting, the matresses was sagging in the middle and must have been 50 years old, with broken springs, the in room toilet/shower is ridiculously tiny, even by London standards and I am not sure how anyone could actually fit in there to shower - my husband called it the [--] &amp; shower special! we left that night and didnt even spend the night, it was too awful, i started breaking out in hives from all the dust in the room (parts of the wall were falling off!!) and i would have been scared to take my shoes off and walk on the gross carpet. I have stayed in some dives but this is the worst I have seen. we went to King's Cross instead where there are loads of normal b&amp;b's to choose from and wont make you cry just looking at them! shame on them for the money they charge per night and the disgusting rooms they provide at this rate.	
May 21 2009 	It is quite convenient and of great value in staying Windsor House Hotel.	We are from Taiwan, but so far we're living in Stockholm for my husband's research. This early May my 12-year-old son, my husband and I visited Lodon. When we planned for the trip, I surfed on the net for good places to stay. Two girls from Taiwan expressed Windsor's convenient location, though they thought the room was small. However, at that time we thought the most important thing for a first-time traveller in London is to find a clean and convenient place to stay. That's why we chose Windsor House. After we got there, in the beginning I did hope our room was facing the front street and with a view. Yet, after one day, I found there were too many things to see in London. The time we stayed home was to sleep. Therefore, even the staff said if we insisted on a room with a view, he would try to manage one for us if possible. However, we didnt' think it necessary, later.Windsor House was reallly old. But the room, the kitchen,the shower rooms, the toilets had been kept clean. I thought the staff worked very hard to keep to the standard. What's more wonderful is the kitchen! Though it's old too. Yet it has nearly everything you need to make simple meals for yourself. For example, after being tired of eating fast foods, I cooked instant noodles with the vegetables and stuff bought from nearby supermarkets. It's really wonderful. P.S. There are two small frigers there. If necessary, you can store your food there.About the location, it is only about 2-minute's walk from Earl's Court Station. And there are buses go to Kensington and Hei-Park corner. Besides, you can find nearly every world chain fast food stores there, And there are Chinese, Japanese, Italian restaurants there too.Most important of all near Earl's Court Station, there are at least three internet cafe'. It costs only 1 pound for an hour. It is really convenience. And if you want to mail what you buy to your home. Right in the front of the station is a post office. And there is also a self-help laundry store too.If you want a luxurious hotel, Windsor House is definitely not your choice. But if you want a convenient and clean hotel with a nice price. I would recommend Windsor House to you.This June we're going back to London, and Windsor House is still our choice.	
May 14 2009 	you get what you pay.	WindsorHouseHotel is the best choice for a leisure trip with friends.I have to say that is not suitable for a romantic trip nor for elderly people.The room fits only the beds and the bathroom is very small but when someone goes to London it is the last thing to think!Breakfast is simple with bread,marmalade,butter,eggs,coffee or tea and almost satisfying. Ihave been to London many times but I stayed only once here.Definetely I would stay here again expept for going with my boyfriend.Tip:get a room with shared room because the shared toilets and showers are much better and comfortable than the ensuited and you gain more money to spend elsewhere!Hve a wonderfull time in London!	
May 5 2009 	Great for families good location excellent value in the low budget class!	We ( a family with 4 children between 7-16 years) stayed in the WHH for the easter week and had a really good time. To begin with, the lady that answered my email inquiery was very friendly und patient to answer my numerous questions and helped me find the best option for us which was a 6bed room for the incredibly fair price of 94 pounds per day for the six of us including breakfast (Easter special, normally it a bit more)! The room was very nice and quite spacious, with a big window overlooking the little garden and a high ceiling We had six single beds (no bunks!) and a bathroom. The only drawback was the fact that it had only a bathtub and no shower (other rooms do have showers!), but there are community showers in the basement that we used - no problem! The rooms were cleaned almost every day and the beds made - something I did not expect in a low budget place! Except for a faint noise from the nearby tubestation( 5min. walk - great!) it is a very quiet place (no noisy parties at night!), and we woke up to birds singing in the garden every morning! Breakfast was served in the basement breakfast room ajourning to the kitchen that could be used from 11.am. - 10p.m. Breakfast was tea, coffee and milk, cornflakes, toast and jam as much as we liked and a boiled egg. It was really great to be able to use the kitchen as eating out is so expensiv and the kitchen is well equipped and clean with fridges that can be used by the quests. We also enjoyed the garden for a quiet rest in the sun between sightseeing.The staff at the reception was very friendly and helpfull.If you are expecting luxury, this is the wrong place for you, but if you want a clean, friendly and comfortable low budget place to stay, go there! We will surely come back!	
Apr 11 2009 	Avoid it it's really a dump of a place	Did not like this place. Actually I can't believe I stayed even if it were just for three nights. My boyfriend booked this dump and we stayed here as we were meeting up with some friends who had traveled from Brighton to see us. It was more like an over-priced hostel than a hotel. Lumpy beds, blankets with a stench and unprofessional staff. Cash payment up front; that was weird or an extra charge to your credit card. The area is not as bad people speak of Earl's Court but if you can afford to do just a bit better then by all means do so. Avoid this nightmare if you can---seriously.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great Location Value for Money	The Windsor House Hotel provides exactly what the web-site promises: a homey and clean setting with no frills. It offers access to Central London by tube or bus from the Earl Court Station, clean facilities, and a very helpful and accommodating staff. It's in walking distance to the South Kensington museums, and Holland Park. It was my travelling companion's first trip to Europe (from Latin America) and he described the B&amp;B and neighbourhood as being what he imagined England would look like.	
Mar 22 2009 	Beware!	We stayed 5 dismal nights at the Windsor House Hotel. They describe the hotel as &quot;super-clean, comfortable and friendly – without super-luxuries&quot;. It was not clean, the furnishings are decrepit , the matresses sag in the middle and the springs stab your back, the en suite shower/toilet is impossible - literally the size of a phone booth. The staff consists of two Asian ladies who prepare breakfast (only toast, boiled egg &amp; coffee/tea) and have to clean everything: all the rooms, toilets, showers &amp; kitchen. They are over-worked and it shows. The only good thing about the hotel is its location	
Mar 19 2009 	Good for the price	My boyfriend and I stayed here for about 25 pounds each per night. Brilliant value for money considering it's London and proximity to the Tube.The hotel itself is a bit dilapidated and as long as you think &quot;I'm just here to sleep&quot; then it's ok. Our &quot;en-suite&quot; was a shower in the corner of the room and sink, with a toilet outside the room for our use only. Therefore the room smelled a bit damp.In terms of cleanliness, there were a couple of stains on the carpet, but the sheets on the bed were immaculate and pressed, which is what is important.The breakfast is awful, we didn't have it after our first experience. They are trying to keep the costs down, so it is thin, cheap toast with jam and a hard boiled egg, with nasty coffee/tea, but considering the price you wouldn't expect breakfast at all in other places.Most people have previously said that the staff were rude, but they answered all enquiries and kept us informed. They just weren't overly chatty.	
Feb 28 2009 	The best thing for your money	Okay its not the Ritz if you get that out if your head you will be fine. We were on a girls week and it was great. the price was excellent. Breakfast was ok. It was toast, jam, coffee, or tea, hard boiled egg and corn flakes thats it, fine for us most of the time, I was the only one out of five that went down to breakfast most days and coffee was fine.I took the first shower and tried to get out of the way. We had five beds in the room and a small dresser for each and enough space to hang everything. The bathroom is just a funny story to tell. We managed and if five woman can anyone can.Lets just say, take your pants off before your shower and dont run the water full blast. Bathroon was small. You can use the toilets downstairs.Staff was okay not super friendly but not rude. We had toweles when we needed them, just ask.We even had a liitle explosion with our converter which didnt seem to surprise them it knocked out the power and when we returned they had it fixed.Location wa excellent,close to everthing you could want, tube 2 minutes grocery store and restaurants 2 minutes even a pharmacy which we needed for an ace bandage(sprained ankle). Bottom line well worth unless you are looking for super elegant. Very clean, great location, excellent price.	
Feb 20 2009 	Perfect place at a great price!	The Windsor House Hotel is a great deal, with a great location. We had 6 in our room (parents and 4 kids). Our room was on the main floor. Our room had a large bathroom with a bath tub. (there were a few showers in the basement that we were allowed to use). The hotel itself is a 2 min walk from Earls Court Underground Station (and that is walking with 4 kids and 10 bags!) It is a 15 min walk to Kennsington Palace, and 10 min walk to &quot;The Big Bus&quot; bus stop. For breakfast they had toast, jam, boiled egg, coffee and tea. The rooms were clean, (well serface clean, nooks and crannies not so much attention, reminded me of home! lol) The beds had plenty of blankets, the heaters provided enough heat for the room. My bed had a spring that stuck out right about my kneecap, I meant to mention it to the manager, but I forgot. I am sure they would have helped me out had I complained, but I was far too tired to be too concerned about the spring!	
Feb 17 2009 	Good Location value for money but you gotta laugh about the place	This is the perfect place to stay if you go into it with the mind set that you are just there to sleep and to be fair the price of places to stay central in London is extortion so this place is a pretty good deal considering. The best bit is if your lucky you will come home with a funny story about staying there like we did.There was six of us staying in one room and when we got there we were told that on your second night we would have to move rooms which was o.k We got into our room and there was no shower only a bath ( for six people ha,ha) and the only thing protecting the rest of the room from seeing you in it was a flimsy see through shower curtain and some glass doors. The second night I made sure there was going to be a shower in our room and the Man assured me there would be. So we got back after a very long day and six of us had to get ready for a party that night and when we got to our new room the shower was just in the corner of the room!!! I kidd you not no curtain or anything standing there like a wardrobe, we just had to laugh because unless you are very good friends no-one is going to use it. Luckily there were showers on the level below for the other rooms so we just used them instead, but the pressure was pretty poor.Overall we had a good laugh at the experience, the staff were really nice and the place was clean cant ask for much more. I would stay there again.	
Feb 6 2009 	Museum tourism family from Prague	We can highly recommend this hotel to a unassuming families with childrens, who want to spent some time in London and who want a standard, clean, for the atractive locality cheap hotel, close to underground, centrum, and even walking accessibility to London beatiful museums and historical sights. We really appreciated unusual possibility to use the kitchen for evening meals.	
Feb 1 2009 	nice place nice people	I started going to Windsor House Hotel in 2004 and I still go whether I am alone in London for a theatre break or I have some friends to show around the city.Fantastic location, very nice and friendly people, kitchen facilities, rooms small but clean and they even give you towels!And the price is a very reasonable one.	
Jan 30 2009 	Nice hotel for sleeping. Do not ask for more	I have read some reviews about Windsor House Hotel, and most of them match with my experience there. What is good in this place? Location and prices! Are you hungry at 3.00 am? No problem! Just go out and look for some place to eat. You can find McDonalds, Burger King, Marks&amp;Spencer, Chinese food, Pakistanese food, Indian Food... whatever you want. And yes, there are plenty of them that never close. Less than one minute walk from Earls Court Station. I dare to say that you wont be able to find anywhere in London with such a very-well located place with such prices. And I mean it! My bed was pretty good too.Well, but it is not Heaven at all. Rooms are VERY small. No toilets inside the rooms. Some toilets do not work properly. The showers are not that great since i had some problems with water heating. My room looked clean, but i cant say the same about the kitchen. Terrible breakfast, by the way... Staff friendly, but not all of them.Are you planning to go alone (or with some friends) and use this hotel just for sleeping? Go ahead! I am sure it is the best choice.Are you planning a romantic honey moon? Are you looking for great meals and any kind of luxuries? Definately it is not the place you want to be.	
Jan 20 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful	Price and location were the main reasons for booking this hotel.Good Points: Clean, very friendly and accomodating staff, price, kitchen.I booked this for myself and my mother. Unfortunately my mother had flu and bronchitis at the time so the many stairs were a big problem. The kitchen is clean and tidy and you can use it to make meals or simply a tea and coffee. Breakfast was simple but enough. The staff are all friendly and accomodating. Less than 2 mins walk to Earls Court Tube station and plenty of supermarkets and restaurants/take aways within walking distance.Bad Points: Stairs.. if you can't handle stairs, don't book here. Things to improve on: Rooms could do with a lick of paint. For smokers there is no ashtray provided outside. Matresses were a bit on the old side, but comfortable enough. If you plan on spending a lot of time in your room, possibly not a good choice, but as a base great. All in all I'd recommend this hotel. It does what it says on the tin. CHEAP N CHEERFUL	
Jan 19 2009 	Perfect Hotel for our trip	The Windsor House hotel was chosen mostly because the price was right for our trip. It turned out to be a great choice for more reasons than that. It is very close to an underground train station (less than 2 minute walk.) It is has several restaurants also right within walking distance. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. It isn't a fancy place, but we wanted to stay within a budget and this hotel was ideal for that. They also allow guests to use the kitchen during the day and prepare meals and such for added cost savings. We didn't take advantage of that feature but I liked knowing we could if we wanted to. The price also included a full English breakfast.	
Jan 18 2009	Really well located!	Clean hotel with friendly staff. The location is perfect. Within two minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station. Simple but good breakfast, you can you the kitchen to make your own coffee and tea, which was of a good use for me.Would definitely stay there again on my next visit to London.Júlia from Brazil.	
Dec 20 2008 	Well located with familyroom	A friendly and nice low budget hotel, perfectley situated close to Earls Court. Underground and buses nearby. No problem to fit in 6 people in their big familyrooms.We stayed on the 1st floor, wich was very quiet and convinient. We had our own bathroom, with a tub, but with 6 people, it was very good to have moore showers and wc´s, in the basement.Friendly staff, always with a smile.Typical English breakfast, that kept us going until lunch.Remember that during the wintermounths, England is cold and there is no central heating. Although, there was no problem to get an electric heater into the room.	
Dec 15 2008 	Good value for money	I spent a week at the Winsdor House at the end of 2007 and I am hoping to repeat the experience some time soon. I would particularly recommend the hotel to fellow South Africans as good value for money, taking into account our exchange rate! If you are looking for luxury you will not find it here but you will find a clean, and homely environment. A modest breakfast is included but you are free to add your own extras and the kitchen is always available for making your own tea and snacks - another cost saver. Shops to buy provisions and take aways are also just down the street.I was there in winter and was very grateful for the heating in my room as well as the plentiful supply of hot water.The convenient situation of the hotel another of the plus features. The tube station (Zone 1) and bus stop are almost on the doorstep.The only thing to be mindful of is that it is an old London house so you must be fit enough to do up and down the stairs.So, as a base for a sight seeing holiday in London, I would definitely recommend this hotel to you.	
Dec 2 2008	Awful!!!	I stayed in the Windsor house hotel for 5 nights and I have to say it shouldn't even be called a hotel!!! First of all, I was in a double room with my partner, and we were given 2 single beds pushed together - they didn't even level with each other! The carpet was in a bad state, the &quot;bathroom&quot; was so small you could have a shower, brush your teeth and use the toilet all at once if you so desired. Management had informed us we could use the kitchen to make our meals, and breakfast was included in the price. We had breakfast that morning (basics - toast, cornflakes, boiled eggs - I wasn't expecting much more for the price of the place, so that was fine). When I went to make my dinner that first night, and was looking for a pot, I found the breakfast items - milk, margarine etc - in the cupboard!Our towels were not replaced all week although our bed was made every day. The &quot;lovely patio garden&quot; was weeds and filthy patio furniture..the whole place was a complete shambles and I would thoroughly advise staying elsewhere!!!	
Nov 25 2008 	Nice time in hotel near centre	I´ve been to London fourtimes and every time I lived in other hotel/hostel. This hotel was the best one with very good location. The room was clean and quiet. Staffs were friendly and gave us good advices. Breakfast was pretty good. If I go to London again I´ll stay there again.	
Oct 30 2008 	Good value for money	Comming from Norway I had a nice stay for two nights at the Windsor House Hotel. The room was clean and ok. The bathroom is the smallest I have ever been into - but there was no carpet at the bathroomfloor :-) I wish every other hotels in Britan look at the Windsor House Hotel in this aspect. For me the missing carpet in the bathroom was a big pluss.The staff was very helpfull and serviceminded.Nice location with Earls Court Underground station only 1-2 mins away.Highly recomended value for money in London!	
Oct 24 2008 	Pros and Cons	OK there are definteily pros and cons about this place, and here they are:Pros:Great location, safe and convenient to the Earl's Court tube station. Lots of shops, restaurants and pubs nearby. The B&amp;B is clean and comfortable. Some staff are very friendly. Breakfast is included: hard-boiled eggs, toast, butter, jam, tea or coffee (salt, but no pepper for some reason.) Cons:Our room had a shower but a shared toilet. The hot water in the shower never worked properly during our stay although the staff did look at it and try and fix it. The shared toilet was a real problem. The toilet did not flush properly and would be clogged every morning. NOT a good thing to wake up to. Some of the staff were not very friendly. Also, although I had paid ahead of time and confirmed this several times prior to my arrival. I was still told that I owed money at check-in. Luckily I had the e-mail on my blackberry that said I had paid in full but there was still confusion. The booking management is not well-organized. Breakfast is minimal and if you want some more nutritional value you need to supplement it yourself (but this is not difficult as a M&amp;S and other shops are just down the road.) Overall I would definitely stay again, but not in the same room. Also it may be easier just to pay cash at check-in than by credit card ahead of time, as this seemed to cause confusion.	
Oct 21 2008	Great No Frills Stay	This is the 3rd time I have stayed at this B&amp;B, but this first time with a large group of 15. The B&amp;B was very accomodating, especially when we added another person weeks before the trip. Everything was as described. The rooms were basic. We had no problem at check-in or check-out. The hotel staff willingly answered questions &amp; gave directions. Breakfast was very basic, but excellent - enough toast, coffee/tea, &amp; boiled eggs you could want. Use of the kitchen is always much appreciated, though we rarely took advantage of it thanks to excellent eateries in the area. I will definitely be staying at Windsor the next time I am in London. A great location for a great price.	
Oct 15 2008 	Budget as described but needs maintenance	I definately felt I was well prepared on what to expect with this B&amp;B - I had read and re-read all previous reviews on trip advisor.It is definately a no frills budget accommodation and I don't believe that the owners are misleading on this point it is made clear on their website and in the email I received from them. In saying this I don't think I could bring myself to stay there again. We were checked into one room and told (on check in) that the next night we would have to move to another room due to maintenance works. I'm not sure the maintenance works story was quite true as we believe they just needed our first room for a bigger family - in saying this the staff did carry our luggage up to our new room while we were out for the day. Unfortunately the new room came with a broken shower.I will try to be factual and list the good and bad points below.GOOD POINTSLocation is excellent - close to Earls Court Underground StationBest Chinese Restaurant within a few minutes walk on Earls Court Road (I think it was called Dragon Palace)Supermarkets, Pubs, Laundromats everything you could ask for close by.Cheap accommodation (for London)Room made up each day ie. beds re-made and general tidy up.Bed Sheets and Towels clean (which obviously is what is expected but I just wanted to add as a reassurance)Reception staff quite accommodating in all our request.We were able to leave our luggage with reception after check outBAD POINTSShowers/Toilets require a good deal of maintenance - my shower had broken off the wall and had leaks therefore our water pressure was rubbish. Toilet seat kept falling off. My sister-in-laws toilet/shower smelt like urineSome rooms are quite cramped - can feel like sleeping in a dungeonBeware if you have noisy upstairs people - I was kept awake to 3am in the morning due to a squeaky floorboard above which everyone seemed to walk over every 2 minutes.Use of kitchen facilities - this should have been a good point and something that I thought I would make use of but the first night I arrived the oven was filthy and had leftover food scraps. This wasn't cleaned out for two days - definately put me off using kitchen facilities.Overall the stay we had there wasn't bad but I would probably pay a little bit more next time in the hope of getting somewhere a little better maintained and presented. I felt comfortable going to bed, as I said before the bedsheets were clean and you didn't feel like you were getting into a dirty bed. The beds are nearly due for replacement. Just the overall feel of the place made me cringe a little and I don't believe that I am particulary fussy. The garden out the back is very overgrown and definately not somewhere that you could go out to.I hope this helps you when making you decision.	
Oct 11 2008 	Excellent value for money	The Windsor hotel though not very modern, was a freindly, and welcoming hotel. The rooms were basic but had all we needed. The rooms were clean and fresh. The idea that the kitchen can be used to prepare your own snacks etc was great, saves money on restaurants etc when one is travelling on a budget.The surrounding area is perfect, with shopping, and nice bars etc on the doorstep, and the tube is litterally 2 minutes walk from the hotel.If its luxery and waiting on that you are looking for DO Not use this hotel. But if basic, clean and friendly with a price thats easy on the pocket is what you are looking for, then look no further.At 96 pounds for 5 people for one night its a bargain, and we will happily stay there next time we are in London.	
Aug 31 2008 	Never Again	Couldn't believe the first thing we had to ask for was toilet roll for the shared toilet on the third floor. The staff were friendly and welcoming, but the decor of the hotel and condition of the rooms, bedding and towels really could do with a little upgrade ( i.e. no holes) The picture of room 18 shown on this site is no longer true. You will find one curtain that requires de-dusting and it covers about 66% of the window. I dreaded the children needing the toilet in the night as the door had no facility to stop it locking behind them. It may suit some people with older children, but I do not recommend it to elderly people or to families with young children.A great point is that it is near to Earls Court underground so it is a good base for sightseeing, but it has so much potential to be so much more. Cheap and cheerful some may say.	
Aug 23 2008 	Nice hotel	Windsor house hotel is a nice and friendly B&amp;B for people who don't want to spend too much for their accomodation.it's just the place to rest after a long sightseeing tour of the magnificent London.The staff are friendly,the rooms are clean and breakfast is good..a lot of toasts and eggs (including cerals butter,coffee and milk).I think that it's a good place for young people,maybe older people are snobber and prefer a higher quality for theri accomodation.Finally i'll definitely choose again Windsor house hotel for my next tripo to London with my friends!	
Aug 13 2008 	Good family option	As a family of 5 finding hotels that could fit us all were hard to find. Windsor House was great for us. It's location is very convenient. 1 minute to Earls Court Tube Station and close to food stores and shopping.Room was clean, bathroom small but adequate, front desk service always available and a breakfast that filled us up. One big plus for us was the availability to use the kitchen for cooking our own food at dinner time (big money saver). Breakfast was toast and jam (as much as you want), tea/coffee, hard boiled egg and cereal.The room we had was 5 single beds and a small full bathroom. Our room was cleaned daily. The hotel is on a quiet street we heard very little noise from the other rooms.To be sure it was not deluxe accomodation but it was a very good value for the money and nice for us as we didn't have to rent 2 or 3 rooms in a normal hotel. The furniture was worn but serviceable and the carpet plain and functional. The Hotel has a no frills feel to it and a no frills price. Exactly what we were looking for. The staff were friendly and willing to help. We would stay there again.	
Aug 8 2008 	To be avoided! The worst experience I've ever had in a B	To begin with, when I arrived, they charged me an extra £6 because I paid by credit card. Then, the so-called 'superior' room I had paid for was tiny and smelt of damp. Two days before I was supposed to leave, they informed me that I had to move to another room on the following day, which I did. But on my last night I realised there was no shower in the new room I was given even though I had booked an ensuite bedroom.I immediately complained to the receptionist and asked for a refund since I wasn't given the room I had paid for. She said that was impossible, but she was unable to explain to me why I had to pay for a shower that was not in the bedroom. When I said to her that I wanted to speak to the manager she replied that I couldn't. Well, what kind of a 'hotel' is this?I sent an email to the website through which I had booked my accomodation, and the hotel manager replied that my comments were 'purely subjective'.This dingy B&amp;B is run by rude, incompetent people who make fun of their clients.Do yourself a favour, and avoid this shabby place like the plague!	
Aug 8 2008 	excellent location in London	My daughter and I stayed 8 days at Windsor House Hotel (1min. from Earls Court tube station) recently, and we were totally satisfied with this cosy hotel.The staff were polite, friendly, and willing to help with any questions or problems. The room/toilet were cleaned every day, and the beds ready to sleep in again.A simple, but good breakfast is included in the price also. Local cafes and supermarkets are open until midnight, bank and post office 2mins. walk from the hotel.The tube takes just 8mins into central London(Oxford St., Piccadilly etc.).This is a &quot;no fuss&quot; hotel, located in a quiet side street. An excellent location for families with children for example. We have stayed at this hotel once before, and will certainly stay there again in the future. Thoroughly recommended for anyone that wants to stay in London for a reasonable price, which includes very good service!Derek and Susanne	
Jul 26 2008 	Flying the Flag	Cheap and cheerful best describes this accommodation. The rooms are cramped but spotless. We came to see the sights of London not to stay in looking at the walls! Brilliant location- easy travelling from Heathrow Airport and back to Gatwick, safe neighbourhood with underground and shops close by. Staff friendly and helpful. Use of the kitchen all day a bonus. No complaints and would recommend this B&amp;B as an excellent budget accommodation for all. If you want luxury and mod cons go somewhere else and pay a lot more.	
Jul 16 2008 	Pass on this one	I was not very impressed with this hotel. When we arrived, after flying all night long from the States, we found a dark, narrow hall and a guy seated at a table in a folding chair instead of a traditional reception. He was friendly enough, and he took a key deposit from us and called to a shirtless guy, who took our bag up one flight of stairs to our quad room. The room was both big and small. It had towering high ceilings, but was full of beds (3 singles and a double) and so had little walking room. The bedding was not luxurious, but it seemed fine and clean. The bathroom was the tiniest bathroom I've ever seen in my life. (And I lived a year in Japan). You could literally sit on the toilet, wash your hands, and shower all at once. After one visit, the toilet clogged up and stopped flushing. (To their credit, management fixed this promptly).The first morning of our stay, the kitchen was out of commission, so &quot;breakfast&quot; was set on the table in the front hall. It consisted of a bag full of grocery croissants (no butter or jam or anything else to put on them), several boxes of pineapple juice, and a box of glazed donuts. That's all. No coffee or tea. This was a blow for me, as I was trying to adjust to the time zone and needed caffeine! The second and final morning, we ate breakfast down in the basement kitchen. It was crowded and sort of depressing. The shirtless guy from the day before was there (this time in a shirt), and he set me up with coffee and gave my kids hard boiled eggs and toast. Much better.All in all, I would give this hotel a pass. It is quite dingy and does not seem worth what we paid. That said, it is very convenient to the Tube station and located in a nice area full of decent restaurants -- so I do recommend a place in this area.	
Jul 13 2008	The Windsor House was great for us	My family and I stayed at the Windsor House Hotel for 4 days on vacation. It is the perfect place to stay if all you need is somewhere clean and convenient to stay while you visit London. It's a very modest B&amp;B with just the basics. They provided a good/plentiful breakfast every morning, we had use of the kitchen anytime, and the location is extremely convenient to get to the tube.	
Jul 8 2008	Holding up the Dutch flag	Reviewer: Harry van Haeren (from the Netherlands).My visit to London in March 2007 with my son was very special.On the internet it was a pure coincidence that we came to the website of the Windsor House Hotel. The communication during the booking was very personal en it just felt good. No, it felt great. Once we were in London, the rest of the staff of the Windsor was also very friendly.The Windsor is a nice, clean and cheap hotel in a quit street and it’s just a few yards away from the underground station Earls Court. Breakfast is simple, but there is a lot of coffee and tea. Just visit www.windsor-house-hotel.com and the people of the Windsor will make your stay in London more special.I will visit London again in September 2008 with my second son and yes, we are definitely staying at the Windsor again.	
Jun 27 2008 	Basic and lowprice moneysaver at great location	The Windsor House is a very basic budget hotel. If you want a roof over your head, a bed to rest, a base for your London excursions with more money to spend on shopping etc rather than hotel extravaganza, this could be the place for you. Don't expect anything else than a simple hotel to satisfy your most basic needs, no TV, WC in the hall, simple standard budget rooms. 2 minutes from Earls Court tube station, all of London is at your feet, ready to explore, overall I was satisfied with my stay here, the low cost, basic accomodation made more experience and more to spend outside the hotel which was perfectly fine by me, if you're like-minded I think the Windsor House will suit you fine too.	
Jun 23 2008 	Loved the breakfasts	My family (2 adults 1 child) stayed here for 5 nights while we viewed the sights of London. We were made very welcome on our early morning arrival and offered breakfast which after a long flight from New Zealand was very welcome. Our room, which was way up on the top floor, was clean and tidy. It was a little bit noisy with the trains passing but this did not worry us as the hotel was our base only and we only went there to sleep. The young Russian staff in the breakfast room made our mornings fun with their English. The location was ideal for getting around London with a short walk to the tube station. The Windsor was ideal for inexpensive accommodation and the good breakfast set us up for the day of sightseeing. If you are looking for all the frills in a hotel don't stay at the Windsor but if you are looking for inexpensive, clean accommodation in a handy locality for all the sights the Windsor is just the job. We would have no hesitation staying again.	
Jun 23 2008 	The most friendly and enchanting place in London	The first time I spent a week at Windsor House Hotel was in 2006 and it was my first trip to London.Everyone in Windsor House is welcoming, helpful and nice, they helped me moving around the cuty and gave me great advices.Rooms and Toilets are always clean, the chance to use the kitchen (all furnished and always clean too) is a great idea to save money or to have breakfast looking the little garden just out of the kitchen.Since I really loved that place I came back this year on March and had a wonderful week end, Earl's court underground station is just around the corner and shops all around make it wonderful to have little walks in the morning since it is a quite place.Well, what else?I'm going to go back there on September,so come on guys let's join them.Prices are great and they are homely, not an expensive or snob place, a great place to live your London holidays!	
May 23 2008 	Would never consider returning	I have been several times to London, a favorite vacation city &amp; like the Earl's Court area. Found this &quot;hotel&quot; last year on TripAdvisor but ended up booking our triple for 3 nights for a few more $ @ the Hensley House round the corner. Since US dollar is weak, we opted for a special offer @ the Windsor. Five of us reserved for a triple &amp; double for 2 nights. The first bad sign was checking in. Despite a 50% credit card deposit made weeks earlier, employee/receptionist demanded we pay the remainder due in cash before giving us the room keys. Then, instead of a labeled legal hotel receipt, he wrote down the amount paid on a blank piece of paper. We refused this &amp; he then scribbled a few words on a hotel stationary pad but w/o signing his name. There was no computer, telephone or even calculator on the desk. It all looked very thrown together. We knew there was no lift &amp; fortunately our rooms were on first floor. Bathrooms are very tiny but clean w. hot water. We didn't care that there was no TV or phone in the rooms. BUT - beds should have been replaced ages ago! Bed linens &amp; towels were highly suspect. The sheets looked OK but one woman had stains on her pillowcase that smelled of hair oil &amp;/or body odor. Dark colored towels were large but didn't smell clean (one had white paint stains). Worn dirty carpet. Wall by a bed had what looked like blood spatter! Hardly room for 1 person to pass between beds &amp; no place for 3 medium-sized suitcases. After we complained, pillow cases were replaced in the triple room.Breakfast room w. TV &amp; small adjoining kitchen not very clean. Basic breakfast was undercooked egg, stale but toasted white bread, instant coffee. Cups didn't looked properly washed. We waited 5-10 min. in the AM past opening time for young woman to unlock the breakfast room &amp; then waited some more while the eggs cooked! Nice enough but spoke almost no English. I would not classify this business as a hotel, more like a youth hostel but I don't want to offend youth hostels! The website misrepresents on various levels. We never encountered the person named Jan, listed as hotel owner. No one seems in charge &amp; there is palpable employee indifference.	
Mar 4 2008 	It all depends upon your expectations	We stayed a week 2/23/08 through 3/1/08. I would go back. My wife, maybe not. This B&amp;B is just what it says it is contrary to those who post that it has deceptive claims. It is an old place in fair condition kept relatively clean which provides BASIC needs very economically. The hotel is in a great location for public transportation and even walking to many London attractions. It is surrounded by plenty of eateries of all kinds and 4 major supermarkets have locations within a block.Breakfast is a boiled egg and toast, Cornflakes and milk. Plenty of excellent tea and passible instant coffee. We always augmented ours with english chedder, fresh fruit and yogurt which we bought at Herrods just 10 minutes away on the C1 bus to knightsbridge. We kept our things in one of the two fridges without any problems. Breakfast can be tricky because there are many more beds in the hotel than seats in the dining area. If everyone shows up at once it is an interesting process which seemed to stress out some. This was one of my favorite aspects though to be seated with a group of strangers every other day or so and make aquaintance. Many different countries were represented.We only used the kitchen for sandwiches, but we saw others which cooked full meals. Small and with again just the bare essencials.There are no phones or TV in the rooms. Accept it. There is a TV in the breakfast room. You will lug your own bags up very steep stairs without assistance. There are just 2 ground floor rooms and even they are up stairs from the street level.The bathroom/shower combo is the size of a training module for the mile high club. I suggest that you take full advantage of that. On the other hand, it was kept clean and I, 300+ lbs had no trouble getting clean in it.I actually found its size quite reassuring after we visited the &quot;Golden Palace&quot; chinese restruant on Earls Court Rd which was recommended by other reviewers. This is because the Cockroaches we saw in that establishment would not fit in our cozy commode.I recommend you steer clear of that place there were several all bigger than a fat thumb.The water was always hot. The heater worked and we were able to keep the room comfortable very easily. There were clean sheets and towels when we checked in. The towels were only changed when we asked but it was never a problem to get clean ones. We messed the room up every night and each day they vacumed and straightened it just like a real hotel except without the pillow mint.The mattresses should be replaced. They were clean but not firm and were well past thier prime. This is why my wife will likely make me choose another place next time.This was my 4th trip to London in the last 5 years. I have always paid more. There is only one of those places I would prefer. It was over twice the price and did not provide breakfast.The place is ok and saves a bundle for other funI hope this lets you know what to expectMarvPa	
Feb 20 2008	Returning home in London	When my oldest grandson and I first came to Windsor House in 2006, we met Jan, the proprietress, who was most helpful in information about London sights and travel. We had all we needed in the room and enjoyed staying there. This year 2008 I am returning with my second grandson, and I was so glad to talk with Jan today and to know a room was available and would be set up for our needs. This hotel is inexpensive and close to tube stations for all of London. Consider it when you make your plans.Pat BinfordWaco TX USA	
Feb 15 2008 	We were deceived	We didn't expect luxury knowing how bad London rooms can be for the price they charge, but we, my partner and I, were put in a room with a very small &quot;double&quot; bed which was sunken in the middle and we had to stick a leg out the side to keep from rolling into the center. We complained and they did bring up a single cot which worked fine. They only change towels when you ask them too. We had to ask for more toilet paper when we ran out and they never gave us any soap - fortunately we had taken a bar with us.The bathroom was about the size of that found in a jet airplane! No kidding. You couldn't turn around in the shower without pushing out the too-short shower curtain and the floor of the bathroom was always covered with water. The sink was miniscule and there was little room for toiletries to be set. You can't sit on the toilet with the door closed there is just no room around you - one leg under the sink and the other in the shower with your knees up against the door. We were promised a TV but there was none, until we complained and one was brought up the 2nd day. The heating was inadequate. We understood we would be having a full English breakfast but all there was was generic cornflakes, milk, stale coffee or tea (at least in large amounts), awful white bread toast with generic jam of some kind and a boiled egg. It got us through for a while. And when we reserved the room we asked for a smoking room. The staff never told us that no smoking was allowed in any room. They said we were free to step outside - yeah and freeze! Of course smoking has been virtually outlawed in the UK so SMOKERS BEWARE you cannot smoke anywhere in London, except outside, and that is even not for certain. Go someplace less repressive like Spain or Portugal or Hungary where you can still have your freedom to smoke and have a better climate, lots of castles, history and culture too. That's what we will do from now on. Goodbye London/UK forever! There are too many places to see that are more tolerant and just as interesting, charming picturesque.	
Jan 27 2008 	it did wot we wanted	If you want just a bed for the night and you are on a budget his is your ideal stay. I booked this room for myself, partner and my 3 kids. My first opion of this room was that it was dirty and the carpet was filthy, but after a long night out in london i must admit it was nice to come back to a hotel with nice white clean bedding. The staff was friendly and it was an ideal location for the tube on a main line, just wouldnt want to spend more than one night there. I paid £79.00 for 2 adults and 3 children and couldnt find any were cheaper. You get wot u pay for. And we managed to park our car for £20.00. We have stayed in london as a couple without the children and paid 250.00 for one night and that wasnt any beter located. So if you have a kids with a budet spend one night there only, or if you are a back packer i recommend all week. Very difficult to find low budget hotel with more than 2 children.	
Jan 15 2008 	Awful Nightmare	The only redeeming feature of this environmental health disaster area is its short walk from the Tube.Receptionist/Managers view is that everyone complains and threatens to report them to environmental health, so Go Ahead - there are always people desperate enough to stay.Their own view is their website is a load of lies but as they didn't write it, not their problem. Damp, mould growing on the carpets, no heating, no working water in room, dust to write your name in. Toilet cubicle on shared landing - only use if you are a slim flexible adult who has no problems with embarassing splashes - the micro sink ensures the plastic non-stick floor is permanently wet.No rooms on ground floor - Be prepared to carry your own luggage up steep flights of stairs.  Families with small children should avoid at all costs. Windows in this four storey experience do not lock, fully open and catches are loose. If you prepay - their view no refunds unless you give them 72 hours notice prior to the start of your stay. On arrival you will regret having paid them anything.Breakfast if you can get it is a single hard boiled egg, barely toasted cold toast and awful tea or coffee. You will quickly understand why all the guests staying longer than 1 night are eating their own supplied breakfast.Staying here will ensure you have a warped bitter view of London - plenty of other cheap hotels will leave you with a positive experience of London. Very glad only there for 1 night of cold shivering hell.If you must pick this place - bring own blankets, towels, loo roll, breakfast. Do not expect a lot and you will still be disappointed.	
Jan 2 2008 	What an awful place	I would not recommend the Windsor House Hotel to anyone. This place is awful! Lumpy beds, down the hall toilets (was supposed to be in room). Nothing that was supposed to be in the room was actually there, like a television or telephone.Then there are the rude student receptionists and managers. Very unprofessional and unconcerned.If you can stay elsewhere or at home.	
Jan 1 2008 	GOOD PLACE TO KNOW - GOOD ROOM - GOOD LOCATION	We four chums stayed 5 days over Christmas for Shopping and the SALES and for Partying. We all internet searched seperately for a place which looked homely - with our limited budget - and not too fussy/snobby and 3 of us came up with the same hotel - so we booked. The reservation process was fast and informative and we were told from first response that the hotel had stairs to the rooms and that we could be on the 3rd floor (fine for us - ) and that this was economy/budget - i.e. straightforward room and breakfast - clean, cheap and cheerfull. Our room was exactly as the website said - large, cheerfull decs - lots of tartan plaid, 4 single beds - clean and warm - and with its own basicnloo/shower unit - well cared for and plenty of hot water for hair-washes etc. The breakfast was very tasty - WHEN we got there - (just 2 mornings - due to late nights out) - eggy toast and lots of strong coffee (much needed) and smiley ;) staff. We paid £80 per night - so £20 each and this left lots of spending money for us for the shops - even on our budget. A friend of ours spent £85 recently on a single room in London - and said it was pretty much rubbish... but his firm paid....plus too many moaning /annoyingtourists ) Amazing location - central London, near the tube and with 3 great pubs close by + caffs - restos and chippies. In fact we could have used the kitchen there if we'd needed to - and we did see a few families cooking away - but we had better things to do (SHOPPING !) . Our stay was well positive - and we'd like to say thanks - and that we'll be back for the summer sales if not before. Traceyann and mates	
Dec 8 2007	The nightmare of my life	Complete rip off! We booked this hotel on-line - a room with a shower and WC. On arrival we were given a tiny, stinky, noisy, dirty, flea-ridden (I think) room with no shower and no toilet. Complaints were countered with &quot;If you don´t like it, you can leave&quot; (with no payment refund). Shameless, rude receptionist. I would not reccomend this &quot;Hotel&quot; to my enemy.	
Nov 11 2007	Would not recommed to my WORST ENEMY!	I am a travel agent, have been for 20 years! I was ashamed of myself for being taken in by these people and their pictures on the internet. This was a horror story! I was looking for a room that would accomodate my mother, myself and my 2 sons which meant we needed 4 beds! This hotel offered that. But! The rooms were filthy, the bathroom in our room was a porta-podi and when you sat on the toilet you could take a shower! The beds were metal cots like they have in army barracks!The garden was a disgusting mess with brooms and dirty mops standing upright where plants should have been!Please do not save a dollar and go here or you will forever regret it!If I sent you there you would sue me!	
Oct 19 2007	Great location	A regular guest for the past 10 years. Easy from Heathrow on the tube, easy for travel around London, or walk around London.Staff always friendly. Accomodation is basic but clean and the use of the kitchen is really an asset as food is very expensive in UK. Within walking distance of 2 large supermarkets.	
Sep 10 2007	Back for the third time!	I first stayed at Windsor House in December of 2005, when I was traveling by myself. As a single woman, and being out of college, I do not enjoy hostels. I was looking for something safe, yet comfortable and reasonably priced. I very much enjoyed my stay there; the staff were very friendly and obliging, arranging a taxi for me when I left and always happy to answer any questions. It is a no-frills establishment, in a reverted townhouse, so those looking for four star amenities will not find them here, as the house is not wired for room phones, internet, or television. However, you will find a pleasant atmosphere, a lovely breakfast in the common kitchen (a huge plus for those traveling on a budget or who simply like to prepare their own food instead of always eating out), daily maid service, and a small entryway with CCTV cameras, someone at the desk, and a large metal security door that closes at night and to which only hotel guests have keys. For me, the location is ideal; right round the corner from the Earl's Court tube station, and across the street from a great pub and one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to, not to mention the Marks &amp; Spencer Food shop. Granted, the Earl's Court Concert Pavilion is nearby, and it can get loud and noisy on the street from time to time. Those who have difficulty walking should note that most rooms are up a staircase and there is no elevator. For me, that is part of the charm. During my stay, I had two friends come to spend their vacation; Windsor House gave them a room right next to mine.Although there is no internet in the hotel, the McDonalds around the corner is also an EasyInternet Cafe, and is open til early in the morning.The neighborhood once you turn right out of the door is very pleasant, and a good place to go jogging.When I returned to London in September of 2006, I was with my younger brother, who had never been to London. We stayed in a lovely room with a window. We had requested to have a shower and toilet in the room (some have them down the hall, never a problem for those who have lived in dorms or stayed in old buildings, but my brother was 18 and legally able to drink-my mother thought an in-room toilet might be a good thing!) and the staff placed a small portable television set in for us. We had a fabulous time! And when my parents stopped over for a quick weekend on their way to Italy they were able to book a room at Windsor House with us as well. I am now preparing to return to London with my boyfriend, and of course will be returning to Windsor House. One of the neatest things, I find, is the common breakfast. Served family style in the kitchen, you can meet all kinds of interesting people from all over the world who are staying there, and have delightful conversation and make new friends.If you are traveling on a budget and don't need all the &quot;frills&quot;, but merely a comfortable, pleasant, clean room that is centrally located, I really don't think you could do better.	
Sep 4 2007 	A youth hostel would be better	This hotel was such a nightmare that we were going to stay for two nights but ran off after one. The shower didn't work at all and the toilet sounded like a jackhammer for about 15 minutes after flushing it (the bathroom was so tiny that toilet was nearly inside the supposed shower). The bed was uncomfortable, lumpy, and the TV only received one fuzzy channel. The location sucked -- bars in the area closed at 11 p.m. and there were no good places to eat. We were exhausted and miserable after one night there, as were a family of tourists leaving at the same time as us. It was among the worst hotels I've stayed at; a youth hostel would've been better.	
Aug 27 2007 	Easy stay and easy on the pocket	Not at ALL easy to find space for a famly with 4 children in London in Summer. We found the Windsor House Hotel and enjoyed it loads ! Firstly - they LIKE children - no matter how bouncey - and ours are... 5,8,12,14 - and this means some noise and a fair bit of jumping around and lots of untidiness. 2 years back we tried a large hotel (as opposed to a smaller, simpler B&amp;B) and we were honestly made to feel uncomfortable by other guests (too posh to play) and by the Staff (too stiff to bother). NOT so here. We felt relaxed and were made welcome and in the final event our kids met other children from all over , including a specially nice Dutch family - and now have pen-friends - AND the smallest two cried on leaving day and wanted to stay on - A first ! These are great rooms for families - large, bright, functional - with a shower and loo inside the room - cleaned daily cheerfully by cheerful staff - no matter the state we left it in. we used the kitchen 4 evenings out of our 6 night stay for warming up the inevitable fish fingers and chips - without which our kids suffer withdrawal symptoms and the garden was a blessing. We could scoot them all out of the room while we took a desperate nap and recovered from them. Breakfast was cereal and eggy toast which the kids approved of - and we paid £87. 50 pence per night. Our verdict was Easy stay, Easy on the Pocket and location perfect. Very child friendly. Not posh if you are posh, but just as a previous review said - Not RItzy, or glitzly but nice.... to paraphrase. Thanks to all for putting up with us . Dave and Annie BODMINN.	
Aug 15 2007 	This is not a hotel - this is bed and breakfest room	This was the worst &quot;hotel&quot; i ever have been in.The location is ok , the staff were ok but the lady manager was sorrow and unwelcome. We felt like children in summer camp.The place need complete rework , no phone in the hotel at all , no internet , no TV, no lift , so thin and clastrofobic.I could not called that a hotel , it is a low value room with a breakfest (toast , butter , jam , egg , tee , coffe).it has 2 small refrigirators in the kitchen for the guests.Sometimes you have to wait in the mornings about 10-15 minutes to sit (4 tables for 25 rooms) for the meal..Try to find better choise , it is wort to invest few pounds more and have good vacation , the bitter taste will follow you for a long time but the money will be forgoten soon.	
Aug 11 2007 	Room Suited Family Of Five Cheap Hotel	Booked this 'hotel' in Earls Court, had alot of trouble finding a hotel that would accomodate a family of five, and in fairness the location of this hotel was brilliant, it was just 3 underground stops from south Kensington where the natural history and science museums are located, which is what we wanted to explore, so the hotel location was great, just down from the tube station. The room was basic, small, but it did have a double bed and 3 single beds. It was fairly clean, the beds were fine, there were two pillows on every bed, which was a blessing, as sometimes it can prove impossible to get a 2nd pillow ! I had booked an ensuite room, and had received confirmation that I would have a 'new' shower in our room, and that is exactly what we got, a plastic square box containing a shower in the middle of the room, it was like it was dropped in there from Mars or some other planet. No toilet. I raised this with the girl at the downstairs desk, there was nothing she could do, the hotel was full, so we didn't have a loo in the room, which was a bit inconvenient as the next available toilet was up a flight of stairs, and with three kids this can prove a bit troublesome, plus we tried various bathrooms in the hotel on different floors whilst we were there, and none of them contained soap or towels or even paper towels to dry your hands ? which I found strange. The breakfast was ok, we arrived down the first morning at exactly 8.50 a.m. all excited and ready for our day, to be told &quot;sorry breakfast finishes at 8.45 a.m.&quot; and there was no arguing there, they were adamant, so we ended up going down the road and getting the breakfast in a cafe, which was fine. The following morning we were down at 8.30 a.m. and had to queue outside in the hall, we were lucky to get a table at almost 8.50 a.m. (same time as previous morning !) and were allowed breakfast that morning, which was adequate, consisted of cornflakes, a boiled egg and toast, tea or coffee, its a no frills establishment, but in fairness for the money, its good value, it cost us approx £85 per night for the room, this was a special offer apparently, which for a family of 5 was good value, and the location was brilliant. I would not stay there again, as it was a bit too basic for my liking, but if all you are going to do is sleep there, then its fine, but if you have kids, make sure you ask that there is a toilet in the room, and do not be fooled by the fact you may get a shower in the room, this does not automatically mean you will be getting a bathroom with a toilet, as its a box in the middle of the room, you certainly wouldn't want to have any vanity issues with your family, as everyone had to hop in and out of the shower in full view of everyone else !! All in all, the room was fine. Cheap and almost cheerful. A little bit dark and in need of a revamp, but for the money, you get what you pay for, and if you're in London, then you are looking at he sights outside of the room really.	
Aug 8 2007 	Bad start	Stayed five nights after reading OK reveiws. Despite booking many months ahead we were told that there were no family rooms available for the first night. We were offered 2 rooms - one that smelt of cigarette smoke and had a very small double bed and another a flight of stairs up that had 2 single beds. I wasn't happy and the manager attempted to pacify me by showing me the room we would have the next night. So he showed me in rooms that people already had their belongings in. The showers were cold if you over slept. On the plus side the breakfast was vertually all you could eat and the use of the kitchen at night was a benefit.	
Apr 7 2007 	NOT Ritzy Chinzy Glitzy but NICE !	We had a perfect stay - thank you all. Very relaxed and our 3 boys (6,8,12) gave the ‘thumbs-up’ and said not snobby so they felt very ‘chilled out’ from the word go ! A standard family room equipped with 5 single beds was just right for us, as was the price of just under £80 for each night. Ensuite shower and toilet not huge – but then neither are we ! One Big bonus was the kitchen use as the kids got very tired on day 2 after the London Eye and the Tower and the ability to heat up sphagetti, oven chips etc was ever so handy and there was no need to drag them out again for a meal.  This is not a ritzty, glitzy, chinzy, bijou, chi-chi type of place (!) and if that’s what you need it may not be right for you. A good little homely B&amp;B is our opinion – clean, straightforward value for money where kids can hop about safely and make the odd squeak and not get told off No designer kitch – just functional and just right for a good cheap family stayover. We also thank our London friends for finding this B&amp;B for us. Tom and June Grifon and the boys.	
Apr 5 2007	just what i expected from the advertisement	I stayed at the Windsor House Hotel with my family for 10 days at the end of March, 2007. The website promised no luxuries, but warm clean rooms, and a decent breakfast. I am happy to say that this is exactly what we got. The room was always warm, and kept very clean, just how we wanted to find it after long walks around London. Of the staff, the two gentlemen at the front desk, were always willing to help us with all our queries., and the breakfast people did an excellent job – the food was always warm, the servings were big, and there was plenty of choice for our two children. I also felt that the room was given to us at a bargain price, but I had in fact booked six months in advance. My (Greek) husband complained that the shower/WC unit (in the room - no queuing!) was too small - yes, it was small, but it only caused minor discomfort (big-size people may find it a tad more uncomfortable than I did!). He also complained that the hotel looked 'old', but I think he was unfairly comparing London with the mediterranean island where we live! The soft rumbling sound of the trains from Earls Court Station was more reassuring rather than noisy. The other good thing about the the location of the hotel was that you didnt need to cross any streets to get to it from the station - another bonus for travellers with kids and suitcases to tow. The only downside is that some rooms required you to climb a lot of stairs - in my opinion, just another minor discomfort, given the price, quiet and convenient location, and hearty breakfast. I would definitely stay there again if I had the chance to visit London in the future.	
Mar 28 2007 	Disappointing	Only stay here if you're on a budget and don't care about anything but a bed and the tube station nearby.All rooms are above ground floor by narrow stairs which were difficult for my senior mother to navigate, especially with luggage. The 'bathroom' was a porta-potty sitting on the floor in the room with a very small shower, again difficult for my mother. The egg breakfast and toast consisted of hard-boiled eggs only. The heating barely kept the chill off.We almost forfeited our prepaid booking to stay elsewhere.	
Mar 27 2007 	Fantastic wIll stay here again	For the price you pay you get a no-frills hotel, a great and very satisfying breakfast, and a decent clean room, right next to the Earls Court tube. What more can you ask for? OK so it's not the Ritz but I really loved this place. For the price you pay it is really a good deal. Before coming here I analyed every budget hotel like you wouldnt imagine, trying to choose the best hotel for price, comfort, safety - I took a chance on this hotel and was very pleased.If I come to London again (and I will certainly do so) I will stay here again.	
Mar 22 2007 	A GOOD SIGHTSEEING/SHOPPING SLEEPOVER BASE	We've just stayed 5 nights and were well satisfied. A room with two good beds at Pounds 26 each - no extras - we grabbed eggs and toast at 7 30 on the dot daily and were on our way out by 8. 30 to make the most of sunny mornings in town. By the time we got back at 5 ish our room and shower and loo were all nicely cleaned up for us. Perfect. Clean decorations - clean room. Good enought for us. We've been readiing various reviews on various sites on several hotels, pior to making our choice and we wonder if it's mainly the 'negative lot' who bother. . We overheard quite a few 'London is a rip off' moans around town and yes - the dollar's not getting a good exchange rate right ow and we simpathyse - but do please spread a little cheer as you go round our Capital City? This is a good little place to know in London - plain, clean and good value. A good sightseeing.shopping sleepover base. Thank you staff ! Sandy and Joshua, Taunton, near Bristol	
Mar 15 2007 	Stay Away	Do not waste your time or definately your money staying here. We arrived on Sunday the 11th of March to nothing that we had expected. Knowing that British and American standards are somewhat different, we thought that we were getting a great deal on this Central London hotel. WE WERE WRONG! We arrived at around 11am and they said that our room was not available to check in and to check back at 1:00. There was no place for our bags, so they stayed in the hallway where you check in. (a hallway about the size of a matchbox) There is no reception area and the staff is not very accomodating. When our room was finally ready, we went up to see a disaster. The walls are all cracked, the rooms have been apparantly separated by a wall to make 2 rooms. This makes it to where you can hear every word that is said on the other side of the wall, not to mention smelling the smoke that comes through as well. the shower looks like an american port-a-potty with hardly and water at all. The toilet was not in the room when we specified through email that it must have one. Other rooms have a toilet in the room. Our toilet was up 2 floors. The bed was supposed to be a full. it seemed smaller. We had to leave this dreadful place and had already paid for 6 nights. They told us we would not be able to get any of our money back and that we should take it up with our travel insurance. We had to threaten them to turn them into the dept. of Invironment and then they finally agreed to refund us 2 of the nights. It still has not posted to my credit card account. Please do not stay here. We went down the street and found that the Mowbray Court Hotel was more than what we wanted!! They have had NUMEROUS people that come from the Windsor House to stay there. If you want to be near a tube station in Central London, Stay at Mowbray Court Hotel. It is a little more expensive, but you get what you pay for.	
Mar 10 2007 	The Phantom of Earl's Court	Like the Phantom of the Opera, this hotel reels you in with its mystery, awe, simplicity, and location. However, like that same Phantom, what lies beneath the mask should *never* be seen. We arrived on this quaint street by the Earl's Court tube and our hopes were high. Then again, not too high, as overnight travel made both of us sleepy and just desiring some simple R&amp;R. Upon seeing the green canopy, we were excited to enter. Upon arrival, we were tepidly greeted by the &quot;hostess&quot; and were told our room would not be ready until 1.5hrs later, but that our bags would be brought up and that we could go get some brunch and come back. We came back 2 hrs later and the bags hadn't budged. Key-in-hand, we ascended the Tower of Babel, wandering aimlessly, getting lightheaded, and trying to figure out the hieroglyphic numbering system in order to find our room. An oriental gentleman told us, once on the 3rd or 4th floor, that we needed to keep going. After spiraling all the way up, we arrived at what their confirmation e-mail called a &quot; very nice double room, ensuite, and non-smoking.&quot; When we entered, I felt like I was in Alcatraz. The awkwardly-flanelled bedding, the wireframe prison (or mental institution) beds were delightfully accompanied with a lovely view of a disgusting alley that was a garden a few centuries ago. Our double room had two beds in it (one double and one single), just in case we were smuggling in some refugees. It ended up being a great space for our luggage. And we were able to glean some of the bedding from it to keep ourselves from freezing in the middle of the night. The original fare comes with only a sheet and a flannel &quot;throw&quot; blanket.When we looked ahead, we saw what we thought was our coat closet. Upon opening, we found a toilet and a shower is a space smaller than an airport bathroom stall. I didn't think it was possible, but they made it possible! The upside is that every shower is guaranteed to clean the bathroom!I mustn't forget the 1960s-era neon lighting. If you flicker it quick enough, you could start a night club up here. Oh, and the best part is the &quot;special flush.&quot; Don't go to the WC in the middle of the night, for if you do and flush it, it will not let you forget it. The sound from the Tube down the street is quieter than this odd-sounding flush. It sounds like a freight train is running through the pipes which are --- of course --- exposed!!! To be fair, there have been no bugs, rats, animals, dust, or refugees in sight. But there are some annoying little German secondary students who have made sleeping &quot;interesting.&quot; All in all, this place is fine for a sleep, but don't expect anything better than what you paid for. 50L a night is 50L a night, period.	
Feb 8 2007	Nice and comfortable hotel ideal for families (large family rooms)	We have stayed at the hotel three times. Coming back twice demonstrates that we are very satisfied. Good location, good value for money, friendly staff, clean rooms, simple but good breakfast, etc. The children of 7 and 9 love the place. Very short distance from the underground station (Zone 1) and only 15 minutes/7 stops direct ride with the tube to Piccadilly Circus for example.Travelling to London you need a place to rest and have a good night sleep. You will absolutely get that here. The Windsor House Hotel is ideal for families enjoying London for some days. We highly recommend it!! Do not expect any luxuries, but you do not need them either.Robert, Norway	
Feb 4 2007	toilet in the middle of the room!	Well, we arrived in London..very excited about the Times - Destination show. We entered the doorstep of the Windsor House Hotel in Pennywarne Lane, Earl's Court...immediately my sixth sense told me we are going to have trouble. It's a really shoddy, rundown entrance. The reception &quot;person&quot; sits at a desk the size of a T.V box (not a flat screen TV, a normal 54cm one). We gave the reception person our check in details and he had to look for it on a piece of paper (with very incryptic looking writing) he eventually found our surnames and proceeded to check us in. I looked up and saw about ten flights of stairs leading from this very narrow dark &quot;hotel&quot;. I asked whether they had a lift and was assured by the reception person there was no lift in any of the old hotels in London????? well I then asked to be shown the room (for which I had already paid a 60 pound deposit). He assured us that he gave us the nicest room in the house. The room was situated about 20cm from his &quot;desk&quot;. He proceeded to unlock the room (I could only at stage see alot of darkness), he then switched on the light and to our horror we found 3 prison beds stack in like sardines, the room had no windows and the bathroom (well I don't think you can call it a bathroom) was in the middle of the room. The &quot;bathroom&quot; had no door and was 1.56metres by 30 centimetres in size. There was no TV in the room and it had no cupboard space...I suppose I could have used my suitcase as a cupboard, but then staying in a hotel for 6 days you need a cupboard. I then confirmed with the gentleman, as we are two ladies travelling for work we cannot stay in this room for 6 days. He then started getting uptight and confirmed that we cannot leave as he has booked the room for 6 days. To cut a very long story short.....please do not be fooled by websites. I wish he had put room 5 on his website! Yanuzka Nel Port Elizabeth, South Africa	
Jan 28 2007	Cheap clean GREAT breakfast perfect location....	I´m spanish and we were at the Windsor B&amp;B for a week this January. It was a great place, a fantastic old building with a very confortable and clean room with a private toilet. The breakfast,kindly served by their stuff is simply great: boiled egg, toasted bread, butter and jam and the best cofee of London!! I enjoyed my stay, I think it´s the best play to stay if you see the room prize: only 22.6 pounds per night!!! It was incredible, to stay in London, at 30 seconds walking to the Earls Court underground station, with sourronding pubs, restaurants (ther are the best Chinesse restaurant of London!!), shops for only 200 pounds for the whole week!! I can´t be more happier, in fact, I´m going again in February, same hotel OF COURSE!! The only thing I find is that it´s a little bit cold at night, but you can ask for more blankets, they will kindly give you what you want. I recommend it, with any doubt.	
Jan 20 2007	central great for families who can walk up steep stairs	our famiily of 4 parents and two teenagers stayed at this hotel for four nights during january 07. on arrival our room only had a shower and we booked both shower and ensuite. Initally the &quot;desk&quot; said there was no rooms and we stood firm that we booked for ensuite and would have one or go to another hotel. After some time he found one. The rooms were clean, the shower toilet was tiny but OK. however once the light was put on in the shower/toilet module the fan was activitated it would stay on for about 15 mins after the light was turned off and this was very noisy.each day the rooms were made up and cleaned, fresh towels after three days which was a nice touch. It certainly felt safe.The picture on the web site about a garden was not truly as it was but there is a small garden out side the breakfast room up about five steps. It was not used this time as it was winter.the stairs are very steep so if you have lots of big suitcases I would not stay here. we had small wheelie bags and it was an effort getting them up there. Breakfast was better than expected and the people doing the breakfast were very nice. the breakfast room is crowded and a small tv (which I hate during breakfast) was blaring on, but some people like to watch the morning shows. the breakfast was toast, cereal, boiled egg and tea or coffee. you could eat as much toast and cereal, tea or coffee as you would like. Juice would be a nice touch to add to this simple breakfast but none was providedfor the price I think it was a great place, ideally located near station with supermarkets etc near by. The breakfast room can be used during the evenings to make meals which we did do along with other familes. This is handy for families and the rooms were quiet big compared to other similar hotels we have stayed in.certainly there are alot of hotels in this area and on this street all similar. I thought the staff were friendly and overall we would probably stay there again, although next time I would hope we could spend more on accomodation and go abit more up maket than this style of hotel.	
Dec 22 2006 	Engagement party - a great stay. Thank you	24 of our family members from the UK and Worldwide descended on us on 10 November for our engagement party - and we booked them in at the Windsor House Hotel for a 4 night stay. They were vgery comfortable -clean bed linen - rooms well polished and dusted - good showers - and not expensive at all for Central London - doubles at around £49, Plus they took some family rooms at under £75 plus 3x3 rooms at under £60. Nice breakfast too - soft boiled eggs, toast, and cereals. 4 of our party stayed in another Hotel close-by and they paid a LOT more and only got a stale roll! Plus - the really good point was that they were able to use the kitchen for warm-ups bought a few yeards away at Marks and Spencer's - and could also make tea at any time (vital for the Aunts!). Staff helped our older members with luggage - and one ground floor room for our elderly two aunts was provided as promised. It's a small and honest-to-goodness B&amp;B - not the big hotel experience - where double rooms cost £80-90 per night - so you cannot expect room service etc. - just a great location and clean rooms. The staff showed us their guest book and it is full of reccommendations and return stays from all corners of the globe. We decided to post these comments because we think that generally, guests who are happy with hotels don't bother! It's only those with 'gripes' who take the trouble - so reviewss can be one-sided. We've looked at a couple of these posted in November and just don't agree - though there are some very nice family postings during the summer. We'll reccommend - and rebook for out Wedding later on in 2007. Thanks to all the staff! The McKeith Clan.	
Nov 13 2006 	What a dump!	Stayed there for 3 nights with my 4 year old son - hated every single minute of that stay. Unfriendly staff, VERY cold and dusty rooms, horrible breakfast, toilets only on one floor (out of three), showers barely warm, the list goes on... The only positive thing was the location - it was just around the corner from the Earl's Court tube station, very practical, and there were various restaurants, shops and pubs in immediate proximity of the hotel. The area is abundent with smal hotels - my advice, don't waste your money on this one!	
Nov 9 2006	STAY AWAY!	I knew it was going to be bad the minute i entered the 'hotel'. Was kept waiting at the door despite having rung the bell several times. Staff was extremely rude on arrival and even had the cheek to scream downstairs to the housekeeper for a cup of tea while checking us in.I had booked a single ensuite room for the advertised rate of 33pounds / nite, with a 10pound deposit having been paid via credit card when I did the booking. Upon arrival however, i was given a single basic room with only a tiny washbasin. When i enquired about this with the EXTREMELY rude staff at the check-in desk, I was told that the deposit paid was for booking fee to the travel website and not for the hotel. Thus, for the balance amount i had paid for, i was only entitled to a basic room. This was despite a confirmation email from the hotel that I had booked an ensuite room. In any case, logic would dictate that booking fee cannot amount to 10pounds! In fact, the booking form clearly showed a breakdown of the deposit paid (of which 10pounds was for the hotel deposit and 3.50pounds was for the booking fee).The rude hotel staff kept insisting that I was wrong and was making things difficult for her! Also 'advised' that if i was not happy, i was free to go to another hotel. I was extremely tempted to do so but did not want to risk the chance that I would not get my refund. And the only reason i had booked at Windsor House Hotel was because I had checked with tonnes of hotels / B&amp;Bs and all were fully booked. in fact, the family checking - in after me seemed to have the same problem as well. I pointed out too that I had read a similar review on some travel website about travellers having been given the wrong type of room. Her reply? Well, you knew what you were getting yourself into so you can't complain! My advice to the hotel owner - you don't need such staff. Her reply certainly throws the hotel in bad light. Shows that they are aware of such 'cheating' of their customers, but have made no attempt to improve.Finally, i was told that they would give me an ensuite room for the next night, but that i would have to put up with my basic single room for the first. I asked if i would get a re-fund of the difference for the first night. Of course the answer was NO! I was made to feel that it was totally my mistake and that they had done their best to accomodate me by 'upgrading' me to a better room.My basic room was situated right next to the hotel entrance, and access to the toilet and shower was via the hotel 'lobby', in full view of whoever was around, down a dingy flight of steps and right next to the breakfast room. You can imagine the inconvenience.don't even get me started on the state of the room, the facilities, the breakfast etc.........So, stay clear of the hotel!!!!	
Sep 30 2006 	the worst hotel i've ever stayed in	I booked a room via direct email with Windsor House Hotel.I was replied dishonestly...she wrote:&quot;We can offer you a very nice double room with private shower (new!), which looks ideal for you.&quot; &quot;Please let us know your arrival time at the hotel so that we can get the tea ready!&quot;. Also, their website described &quot;all rooms are spacious and comfortable and kept clean at all times.&quot;Actually, neither tea nor water was provided when I arrived. When I entered my room, I was shocked. The building was old. Our room was small and musty and dusty. The double room with &quot;new private shower&quot; was falsely described. There was only a tiny shower cabinet inside the room, and the shower nozzle was nearly break down. The toilet was located on other floor.I was asked for payment by CASH upon arrival, but she wrote credit card payment is accepted. I had not got enough cash at that moment. So, room rate for 2 nights (deposit + cash on hand) was cleared. Deposit of GBP 10 for the door key was paid in the meantime. I left after finished the second night, because the condition of this hotel was really bad. However, the staff attempted to charge me more money. I refused. Then, the staff started to speak foul language and refused to pay back the deposit of GBP 10 for the door key (but the door key was returned to her). How come she could treat their client like that??Overall, the night time staff was helpless, and the day time female staff was unkind.What a terrible experience!! I would not recommend this hotel. I am sure the walk-in rate of other hotels on the same street is better than Windsor House Hotel, because I got one.	
Sep 4 2006 	Six students in London	We (3 boys and 3 girls between 23 and 25 years old) went to London last February, and we were looking for a nice and cheap hotel to spend 4 or 5 nights. This hotel seemed to be well-located and with reasonable prices in its web page.  They always answer very nicely the emails where i requested all kind of information. We had a problem with my credit card (it didn´t work i don´t know why) but then it was solved there. The shower was inside the room, and after some tries we finally learned how to use it at the right temperature!  The beds and room were clean, the toilet outside the room was right, and the staff was nice. We would like to have more plugs availabe for our mobile phones, but they allowed us to plug them outside the room.  The breakfast included is very nice, and you can bring you own food and drinks to the hostel, also cooking by yourself.  The best thing is the location, near the Earls Court tube Station, and well communicated by bus (also at night, we experienced it!)Its not far from the centre of the city and city attractions.  I would improve just two things in Windsor House, the shower and the amount of plugs inside the room. Its a perfect place for families and young people, with a good balance on quality / price.  Im looking forward to get back there!	
Aug 21 2006 	Great for Families - thank you - see you in 2007 hopefully	We stayed 20 July for 5 nights with our 3 children (7,10,12) and had a great stay. Our children said they felt thoroughly at home and relaxed and especially liked being able to run around in the garden which leads of the breakfast room area. The garden is well-kept and safe and walled in - which meant that we tired parents could relax a little in our room. The room had 5 beds and was very neat and clean and tidy - 3rd floor with a good shower and constant hot water for our grubby kids - with a toilet next to the room. The staff tidied up brilliantly every day with clean towels, neatly made beds, spotless shower etc, despite our kids' best efforts. We were told, prior to booking that there were stairs - no lift - and that our room would be 3rd floor - we didn't mind at all - and the staircase is very pretty - will wrought iron balustrades - an original Victorian feature - and was safely railed. Stairs were no problem for us or the children and we are used to plenty of these in our home. We've just looked at the picture in the previous review and it's underexposed - wish we'd taken our own to give a fair scenario. We made it to breakfast easily before 9 am and the kids enjoyed the soft boiled eggs and the staff gave them as much milk as they wanted as they don't like tea/coffee. We heated ready prepared M&amp;S meals in the hotel kitchen 2 evenings as the children were too exhausted to go back out to restaurants and ate these alltogether at tables on the outside patio which leads onto the garden. It was warm and really pleasant. Plenty of other families were doing the same. This is a great facility to have the use of - especially with kids in tow. This B&amp;B tells you very clearly before booking that its' a simple, clean, homely budget place to rest your head after sightseeing and undersold itself in fact. The staff were cheerful and very good with the children and with us ! All in all we enjoyed our stay thoroughly and hope to be back next summer. Thank you all - our stay was perfect. Serena Regan, Peterborough - email address moaandco@yahoo.com and I'll respond to emails willingly.	
Aug 11 2006 	Terrible experience	July 17, 2006I have travelled quite a lot and this was my first time in Europe with my family. Being a familly of 5, one of our first decision criteria was the price and the location (we would mainly be travelling by public transportation). We were only spending three nights in London, prior to our departure to Paris.So we found this place looking on the internet. Don't be fooled by the pictured showed on the web site. It looked perfect for what we were paying. The real thing was not as accurate.So we arrived at the hotel with our six pieces of luggage plus carry-on, off the subway from Heathrow airport. So far, so good, as advertised, it is very well located, nearby the subway station.Upon our arrival, we figure out a way to store our luggage in the cramy hall they call reception. We are offered tea, which is very welcome, due to our efforts and travelling jetlag setting in.We then shortly are being asked to pay for the balance of the reservation...Cash! I had formelly confirmed with them over the phone prior to our leaving Canada that they were taking credit card, as our intitial deposit. We add to run to the ATM at the corner of the street to get the missing allowance.We have made our reservation a good 6 months in advance, so was our surprise to find out our room was on the 4th floor, at the top of a steep staircase. Once the room was ready, I got our gears upstair ( 6 luggages !) with no help offered by the clerck downstair. We opened the room door... 5 beds disposed in a tiny room (ok since we want to spend our time visiting London). The floor covered with old and dirty rug. One window on 2 could be opened! The tiny shower, right inside the room. No curtains at all, no shower mat so we do no drench the carpet!The toilet is a tiny plastic box outside the room, from where you can open the door while sitting. With the heat anyway, you would not want to stay longer than necessary there. So far, we are a little disapointed but we will sollely sleep here, and this is only for 3 nights!We go down to mention that for our reservation of 5 people, we only have 3 towels and no facecloth or equivalent. The clerk nods to me (he understood well) and stay sitted. I insisted a little more and finally got the 2 missing towels...no facecloth.We waited a little while in the kitchen. The view from their was great. A little inside park with flowers and bushes. Two refregirator are available for us to store some good (like cold water or juice). This will serve out trips later.Day 1 - They don't serve breakfast past 9:30! So we decided to shower. No hot water! It was working fine last nigth when we tested it! We run back down. Apparently, this is the first time they ear of such problem! Luckily, we had a friend staying at another place in town where we were able to shower our group of 5.Day 2 - We slept a little late again so no breakfast today. We want to shower! Now the water is boiling hot. We run downstairs to be advised that the maintenance crew would be called during the day. We go downstair to gather the water and juice we have left in the fridge, to find the kitchen door locked. We tell the clerk that we would like to retrieve our goods but he was reluncant to come down and unlock itWe are advised to use shower on other floors, but they were all occupied.  We are being told when we return from our day trip that the maintenance have found nothing wrong with the shower. We try it and it seems to be fine. Even if it is past midnight, we decide to shower the all group while the system is working. This is our last night and we are leaving early the day after (sort of speak). We are missing one towel! I run down to get it.Day 3 - We are up at 7:30, ready and packed at 8:00. Testing- the water in the shower is ice cold, we did right to shower at night! We go dowstairs to see that there is no place for us to have breakfast.I get the luggage down and store them in the lobby while we go out to grab something to eat.Luckily, there is a Mark &amp; Spencer at the near corner that sell very decent ready-to-go food at a decent price. This last feature, the proximity of the subway station and the fact that the beds sheets were clean are a consolation to the desolation of this place. Have we stayed longer in London, we would have changed location after the first day. Our stay being limited, we did not want to waste a day packing and unpacking.I would not recomend this hotel to my worst ennemy. There seems to be other nicer location near this place ( to benefit M&amp;S and the Tube station).We placed a complaint to the clerk upon our departure, mentionning that we paid for private shower and breakfast we bearly could no benefit from. No offer to reduce our fee (even if we paid cash!). We stayed in youth hostel with better commodities that this hotel at better price!	
Aug 7 2006	Shell Game	Upon arrival I paid the balance of the bill THEN we were advised about some vague problem with water and escorted about 3 blocks away, dragging our luggage after traveling for 30 hours to the Manor Hotel. The Manor Hotel had posted rates at about half of what we were paying but we were not offered a discount. The rooms did not resemble the rooms posted on the Windsor House website.I have requested a partial refund but so far nothing.	
Jul 7 2006	Great Location Clean Rooms and Nice Service	We stayed three nights at the Windsor House, the first night arriving very late - about midnight. They were very kind to us from the time we requested the reservation to the time we checked out. They are what they claim, a budget accommodation. There was no AC, nor did we need it with the doors open - the beds were comfortable, and the linens were clean. The bathroom we had was TINY - but it served its purpose well! The only complaint we had was that our door was across from the floor entrance door. Everytime anyone came in the air pressure would make our door slam as well. It wasn't a problem except when the couple of drunk girls came in and swore our door was theirs! The staff was terrific and calmly explained that their door was down the hall . . . Would stay again - very convenient to Earl's Court underground.	
Jun 20 2006	Just as the website says	My Mum and I have just returned from our 2 week stay at Windsor House Hotel. We found the hotel to be just as described on the site. Budget and clean. Yes, the showers are tiny but there is plenty of hot water, just what we needed after our days out and about in London. The breakfast was adequate and sustained us well into the afternoon.Being able to use the kitchen was an added bonus, saving money and hassle at the end of our busy days. M&amp;S Simply Foods is on the corner between the tube and the hotel and is the perfect place to buy ready-to-heat meals to take back to the hotel kitchen.The tube is literally 2 mins walk from the hotel, as is the post office and ATMs.We were nervous about booking on the internet, but found no problems.Our emails ,prior to our arrival, were answered promptly. We had to postpone our trip for 12months after we had sent the deposit, and when we emailed and requested that our deposit be transferred to our new dates, this was done without hesitation.We only had one concern and that was that while we were out of the hotel on our first night, despite locking our luggage, it had been tampered with. Not opened but someone had tried. We reported this to the hotel and thereafter found there to be no further problems, even when we left our luggage in the room while we overnighted in Paris. We of course locked everything up every time we left the room. All-in-all we found the hotel to be great value and in a great location. It met our needs and expectations.	
Jun 9 2006	A very good Stay - Thank You To All	We stayed for 5 nights, 23 May this year and would like to thank all the Staff - simple breakfast of toast and boiled eggs and cereal, cleanly served, a good clean room - plenty of hot water - couldn'nt ask for more, especially at the price. A real basic friendly and homely B&amp;B. - Above all we mislaid one case on our journey to London - and got so much kind help from the staff - who actually took over from us on endless phonecalls to locate it - as they could see that we were loosing all our sightseeing time. This was so good of them. Great location too - zone 1. Thank you ever so much - we'll be back and we'll recommend the hotel to all the other Lecturers at our University.	
May 31 2006	the worst hotel i've ever stayed in (especially for asians)	i dont see any reasons for me to stay in this hostel for almost a week except that it was arranged by my school for we being in a team of a study tour, you can tell some of the staff were just rude and not nice to asians, especially to a group of students like us.they simply asked us to go downstairs one day and have breakfast at 7:30am every morning without giving us any reasonable explanations except that it was for the sake of the others living in the same hostel.they also asked us that we can only go down and use some of the toilets on the 2nd floor or those in the basements but not the one on the same floor (we lived on the third floor) even for my room has got no stool but the only shower for 6 people. For the other toilets, they clipped a note outside stating that it is specific to those other visitors but they didnt treat us in the same way.one thing made one of my groupmates really pissed off is that one of the staff said that they had thrown away the bag my groupmate left inside the room after we checked out in the morning (but we would be back in the afternoon to pick up our luggage)and then it turned out we found the bag somewhere in their kitchen (which probably was kept by another staff, but we are not sure of his/her intention).finally the breakfast sucks, it only consists of toasts (with jam or buttter provided) and an egg and cereals (which you should get it by yourself) and coffee/tea, everyday we merely had bread and an egg to eat, we were already tired of having the same thing everyday and feeling not full and it's not tasty at all.i sincerely do not recommend this hostel to any visitors to London	
May 30 2006	A shock to the system!!!	Ignore the wonderful website pictures of this hotel, it's really dingey and pokey. I rescued my elderly relatives from this unsuitable hotel and it was a relief to get away. The location, just round the corner from Earls Court tube station, central for all London attractions, is in its favour. Another redeeming feature is that it was clean,although old and shabby.The shower/bathroom/toilet was 1meter square, and as my elderly uncle said, you can sit on the toilet have a s**t, a shave and a shower!! It really was that tiny. One compact double bed pushed up against the wall, so again unsuitable for elderly folk who need to be able to get out of either side of the bed. Just one chair in a double room , although there wouldn't be any room for another. The entrance and reception area is very cramped, and access to the rooms is up a steep flight of stairs, unsuitable for elderly or disabled. I think 'Hostel' is a more suited description of this establishment, suitable for pack-packers and young people just passing through.	
May 21 2006	Great Location Good Rooms - Thankyou - We'll be Back	We descended on the Windsor House Hotel - a Wedding Party of 21 people - all ages - from Granny /Grandpa (80's), Uncles and Aunts (50's +), plus younger adults (30's/40's) plus assorted teens and toddlers and the hotel and staff coped with us admirably for 6 nights in early May. They wrote and told us prior to booking that, in their words, more or less, they were a small budget level Bed and Breakfast, - safe, clean and comfortable - providing simple basic accommodation - just a good base for 'daily sightseeing' and that we would be located on several floors - no lift/elevator. We requested lower floors for our older famly members - and this was done. We appreciated the straightforwardness and they were true to their words - exactly as described.The room rates were very good indeeed for the central London location at around £50 for 2 and we took several family rooms containing 3,4, or 5 beds from £70 - £85 approx. nightly for each room. The rooms were bright, spacious and very clean with lovely Royal Stewart tartan wool spreads to add a touch of homecoming cheer and the ensuites were well cared for and clean and above all provided plenty of hot water for our grubby toddlers at the end of each day. The hotel was quiet (except for us at times !) and the staff were efficient, cheerful and very kind with the children. There was a TV lounge with attached kitchen which we made full use of and we also liked the patio with chairs and the walled garden where the kids ran about in safety. We were very happy with our stay and will return late August - though not 18 of us - just our family of 5! If you want a well located, honest to goodness basic B&amp;B Hotel - simple and clean - and as they say 'no frills' - this place will suit you admirably. The Wills Family - ex Wales +relatives from USA and Canada.	
Apr 14 2006	Stay away from this hotel	Hotel is at good location, no elevator and no reception. Worst furniture, junk bedspread with all different colors, bed with all broken springs, no TV and bathroom is a box (half of the size of a cruise ship's bathroom) which you cannot stand and move.This hotel wants cash and lied to us the credit card machine is broken. We decide to change hotel after the first night stay. They want to charge us 50% more for the agreed rate. He won't let us go until I said will put bad comment on the travel site.Worst hotel I have ever stay for all my past travel experience in Europe and understand European standard which we don't expect too much, for 56 GBP/night in April which is a rip off for the quality they are providing. Not recommend at all and you can get a much better hotel at the other corner (Barkston Hotel) with only 9 GBP more/night.	
Mar 6 2006	Thank you - Our Stay Was Excellent.	We stayed 15 February 2006 - 5 nights – a family of 3 – with out youngest daughter - 13 years and we will stay again most definitely. A small B&amp;B hotel, zone 1 – Earls Court - stone’s throw from the South Kensington Museums (for our daughter) and a quick 20 minute walk to Harrods (for my wife) - perfect location and well within our budget for a short winter half term leisure trip. Under £60 nightly all inclusive for 3 is good value for Central London. Don’t expect a 5 star establishment where you go for bridge evenings - with room service etc – as they tell you clearly that it’s small and budget standard no frills for the young or young at heart travellers or family groups basically - but we honestly got more than we paid for: a bright and clean room with 3 comfortable beds, new carpeting, and a modular basin, shower and toilet in the room. Plenty of hot water. All looked and smelt and WAS pristine clean and the staff tidied up our mess each and every day – so that we came back to perfect tidiness. Second floor – no lift - but the exercise did us good. Breakfast of eggs and cornflakes and toast was more than adequate and freshly prepared with a smile and a good morning - and we know from friends that in Summer you can sit out on the patio or in the garden with your tea and newspaper - and it did look pretty ad well kept out there even in deepest February. The Reception staff were kind and cheerful and prepared to chat with our daughter each evening for a while about where we had been that day – etc. which was helpful as she got somewhat bored with us Our friends who recommended the Windsor House had already told us that it was a great base for half-term holiday sightseeing - and on our return they pointed out some of the adverse comments on trip advisor - together with a lot of heartfelt thankyou’s posted there. The 2 most recent USA - type reviews really do read as though the guests (a) expected far too much for the price (b) had no comprehension that a B&amp;B is what is says - a basic bed and breakfast location where you sleep comfortably and go OUT and enjoy London (c) quite honestly they read as though this was the only way in which they could see their utterings in print ! (failed authors of some sort). (d) they seem to complain that the shower/toilet units are too small - strange - these are in so many hotels nowadays at budget level all over the UK and are hygienic (fibre-glass) and more than adequate for us ordinary size Brits. (e) Is it possible that people use review sights to complain more often than to praise? We asked to see the Hotel guest book - and they had pages of thankyou’s and very nice comments. This is a nice little B&amp;B Hotel – well kept and with attention to detail - similar to the ones dotted over each and every seaside-town in the UK. Perhaps a little cultural education before travelling to the UK is the order of the day – together with a display of good manners after departure? We see that a family from Italy was very happy - staying approximately same period as we did. We’ll be back - and so will our UK friends. Thank you all. George and Joy Granger, and Amelia, Newcastle, UK	
Feb 27 2006	We were very happy and will be back next year	We are actually leaving tomorrow after a 6 night stay and we have been very happy indeed. We are a family with 3 small childrens - from Italy and have stayed in an extremely clean and bright room with 5 beds - our children run a lot and play and there was space for this and we feel good here and welcome. We have a shower and basin and toilet in our room which is new and completely clean - and the staff are kind and clean all so well every day for us. We booked because here there is a kitchen and we can cook for the family for dinner - we did not want to spend so much in restaurants - and our childrens only like our food. We could not ask for more - and we paid only English Pounds £75 each night - or 110 Euros approximate - for all of us. The breakfast was good and freshly cooked eggs - and we liked very much. Our room was warm and gracious as well with good beds and clean woolen blankets from Scotland - We will recommend the hotel to many family friends in Italy and we too will come back in the summer months - maybe August. We have read the last two review - and just do not recognize the hotel from what they say... We also arrived early and understood well that we could not have the room at 9 in the morning - but we went to the TV room patiently as the little girls were sleepy from travel and the staff made us tea and hot milk. Maybe the last two guests expected too much for the modest prize - but we also see some nice words below from other families too. We stay again !	
Feb 7 2006	Run as far as you can away from this hotel!	I have lived in Europe for several years, and have had many, many opportunities to experience hotels here- good and not so good. That being said, this was the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at in my life ANYWHERE! This was my 2nd visit to London and I booked a &quot;family room&quot; at this hotel for a 3 nights with my mother in law, my 3 kids, plus my niece and nephew. The first thing we noticed about the hotel was the funk-a-licious smell- which was a cross between Chinese food and feet. There is no reception desk, only a table and a chair in the entryway. When I made the reservation, they were very particular about asking when we would arrive, yet when we got there (about an hour later than I had told them), our room was not even ready. They said we would have to leave our bags in the hall for the day. (yeah right!)  I asked to see the room even though it was not ready and he showed us to the door directly behind his chair. At first glance the room looked ok, though very shabby. It was still messy from the previous occupants, but otherwise it appeared clean. There were 6 single beds arranged around the room. The bathroom had beige and brown linoleum that looked like it had been installed when linoleum was invented. There was an old stained and chipped tub with a drippy tap and a plug connected to a chain but no shower. I asked about the “new” shower that was advertised on the website. He said that our room did not have one, but he had another smaller family room with a shower that he could show us. The second room had five twin beds crammed into it. We ended up pushing three of them together and I shared that with my two daughters and my niece. My mother in law got a bed and my son and nephew (both 7) shared a twin bed. Even though we had opted to sacrifice a bit of space to have a shower it wasn't even worth it.The bathroom was so ridiculously small that you could shower and brush your teeth at the same time. Your knees touched the door when you sat on the toilet-- if you were lucky enough not to fly off the broken toilet seat into the shower when you sat down. When seated, you could touch the walls on either side. When we showered the entire floor of the bathroom flooded because the shower was the same level as the floor. The towels which were tiny, scratchy and smelled sour when wet. If they washed them between guests, they must not use hot water or detergent. We ended up drying ourselves with our pajamas each morning. There was a sign at the entryway that read which read “No noise, especially before or after 10 and please do not sit on the steps because the neighbors complain”. This courtesy is apparently not shared by the neighbors, and my crew, who believe it or not are really quite well behaved children, were reprimanded for laughing too loudly as we prepared to leave the first morning because it was before 10 am. Luckily, the first day there we found a wonderful grocery called Marks and Spencers, just on the corner. This would prove to be our salvation because we discovered the next morning that breakfast consisted of hard, stale toast, coffee, a half box of corn flakes and a soft boiled egg- one per person. In fact when my 7 year old son asked one of the kitchen staff for another egg, he was very rudely told &quot;only one egg per person&quot;, although they did eventually bring him another one. After eating I took all the kids upstairs to get ready to go out, leaving my mother in law and my 4 year old downstairs to finish eating. After about 20 minutes, we wondered where they were and went to look for them We met them on the stairs coming up. They had been locked in the breakfast room with the rest of the diners because breakfast was &quot;officially over&quot; and they did not want anyone else to come into the breakfast room trying to eat!As I said, the discovery of the Marks and Spencers was our saving grace. After that first morning we skipped breakfast at the hotel and I spent about £25 each morning buying juice, muffins and fruit as well as some amazing sandwiches for our lunches. Thankfully we spent 90% of our time out and about London. In all fairness, the beds were clean and this is a very cheap hotel for London, but I would NEVER EVER stay at this hotel again. I guess this is one case where you really do get what you pay for!	
Jan 16 2006	Absolutely horrible!!!!!!!!!!!	We stayed at this hotel for 11 nights, so we had a chance to really get to know this place.As the previous reviewer said, the breakfast consisted on tea or coffee, toast, and a boiled egg. Every day. One night, we decided to cook our own meal at night in their kitchen and opened a cupboard looking for salt. We found three silver serving dishes that had been used earlier during breakfast for serving jelly and butter. Guess what?? They still had the jelly and butter on them. This was around 8pm at night. They were hidden inside of the cupboard! And we saw it there again the next night.The walls between rooms are made from cardboard, or so it seems. You can hear every single word that the neighbors say. Including the lone guy that showed up at 2am with a girl, --- and then left a few hrs later. We asked the hotel staff whether they had checked out. They were confused, saying that HE had checked out very early this morning. Ok, not our business, but see what I mean by flimsy walls?And there is the night that someone accidently dropped a liter of Coke onto another guest when they went into the 'garden'. And the night we had to go to the staff to get them to ask the next set of 'neighbors' to stop yelling at each other at 3am.And there was the group of elderly people from Virginia on the upper floor above us. They had paid for their rooms, and after about 2 days, were asked to leave because of scheduled maintenance in their rooms. The elderly people had to quickly find other accommodations. They were very upset. I don't blame them. Also, their heat didn't work, nor did ours.In short, don't expect to get any sleep. The noise is louder than the subway station trains behind the hotel. And don't expect a good breakfast. We didn't see anything other than toast and a boiled egg in the 12 days/11 nights that we stayed there except for the 2 days that we decided to go to Burger King. If we hadn't paid for the full time up front, we would have left and found another place to stay. It was that horrible.	
Nov 10 2005	We were very satisfied and we'll be back.	We have just checked Trip Advisor and WE stayed in December 2004 - 10th - 20th and actually remember the reviewers who posted the previous comments - 3 guests from Johannesburg whom we met briefly as we think they had the room next to us! We don't recognize their comments AT ALL. My family - (3 adults and 2 teenagers) also had a ground floor room - with a gleaming clean ensuite and both the room facilities and the rest of the Hotel were neat, clean and welcoming. The Staff were very kind. Really good value at around £75 per each night with a cereals/eggs/toast breakfast. The breakfast room was cheerful with plaid tablecloths and opens out onto a large garden at the back. This was a great no-frills base for Christmas Shopping and easy access to the attractions and is just right for families. Older guests may want more in terms of room service etc. but then they have to PAY a lot more. We were very satisfied and we'll be back.The Fraser Family from Scotland	
Nov 4 2005	Great hotel for students	I have stayed with a group of students at this hotel for a few years in a row.Staff has always been very helpful, the rates are affordable, breakfast is ok, location is ideal. Good e-mail contact with the hotel.In other words ideal for school groups.Peter Lammerding	
Oct 18 2005	What A Rip-Off!!!	This hotel is proof that you should not believe everything you read on the internet! We stayed here in December 2004, 3 people (1 female, 2 male) for 3 nights on a bed and breakfast basis and this is my observation:1: We booked a en-suite room, but we got a room with shower and basin, but the toilet was in the hallway.2: The shower we had was so small you couldn't close the door behind you, so if you dropped the soap - no way of getting it back unles you step out of the shower - both men could'nt even close the doors once inside the shower.3: There was no &quot;garden&quot; as claimed and our room viewed over the kitchen's rubbish bins.4: Breakfast was NOT what we expected:We got a HUGE plate of old, hard toast, one boiled egg and a Jug of Coffee, this all happened downstairs in the &quot;dungeon&quot; a.k.a - breakfast room. Atleast we were not the only one's who felt done-in - the breakfast room was filled with disatisfied faces.On the plus side: There is a Burger King very close to the hotel, so rather have breakfast there. The &quot;hotel&quot; is very close to Earls Court Station &amp; rooms were clean.I WILL NEVER, NEVER, NEVER RECOMMEND TO ANYONE, NOT EVEN A MOTHER-IN-LAW!	
Jul 14 2005	Comfortable Clean 	NOt the Cheapest in the area, and by far not the most expensive hotel.I stayed there with my family - 3 kids, 3, 6 and 10 years old, recently over the Whitson Bank Holiday weekend.Location was EXCELLENT, just around the corner from a tube station.The room was clean, well laid out and was just waht we need ed for a couple of days stay, it wasn't huge, but if you want that, pay double your money and stay in the Holiday Inn.The staff were friendly and helpfull with local directions, guidance.I liked the do it yourself kitchen in the morning, and the very cosmopolitan feel to the place, we had Chinese cooks, sat next to people from Canada and Australia for our first bfast, then Germany, France and Oz on the second day...the kids were very impressed with the different accents!We would go back again!	
Jul 12 2005	We stay there each February and are very happy!	My sister and I stay there each February when visiting London and find the Windsor House Hotel a very convenient place to stay with clean facilities and very friendly service. Breakfast is great too and will go back there anytime again.Thanks to all the staff of Windsor House for making our stay there so great!!	
Jul 10 2005	Clean comfortable ideal location hotel.	My partner and myself stayed at this hotel july 2005.It is cheap, clean, beds comfortable, showers excellent, hot running water at all times, staff very polite and helpful. Towel change and bed made every morning. You have use of the garden and patio which was great for us to sit and read morning papers with a coffee. Breakfast is cereal, eggs, toast, jam, marmalade, and unlimited tea and coffee. You can use the kitchen between 9A.M. AND 10.30P.M. which is great for people on a budget or with children. You can store your drinks and things in the fridge (NOTHING WENT MISSING). It is in the first road next to Earls Court train station which is great for travelling to see all the london (TRAVEL TICKETS £4.60 AN ADULT FOR UNLIMITED ALL-DAY-TRAVEL).We would recommend this hotel to anybody!!!!!! Especially those with children. We have stayed at world famous hotels and never been treated or enjoyed our time as much as this.WE WILL BE STAYING THERE AGAIN.Amanda and Robert	
Jul 5 2005	clean but thats all i can say good	My wife and I stayed there for 3 nights early june 05. I have been to many countries and am no stranger to &quot;culture shock&quot;. When booked, yes it was well stated that this was a budget hotel and it certainly lives up to its name of such. Let me say first that it is extremely clean and close to subway which was nice (though noisy). No question about it. Our email stated that we would be on the first or second floor, when we got there we were in the loft with the pidgeons. Makes me wonder how many people who are not 18 year olds have had heart attacks on those narrow steps up 8 flights of stairs. We arrived after the banks were closed and in between the time we arrived and 9am the next morning we were asked no less than 4 times for full payment. I offered to pay with credit card and was told that cash was only accepted.The only thing the staff didnt do was hold my wife hostage until it was paid at 9am when the bank opened. As for the breakfast, i'm again well versed in english and continental cuisine but out of 3 days we had an egg ONCE. This was due to the fact that they had a gas leak and they had no cooking facilities...and hense for 1/2 our visit no hot water for even a shower.the gas workers repairing said it was in the building but in an email from the owner (who we never did meet) said it was out in the street, who to believe. The staff did not seem anxious to allow us to use the kitchen when we asked if we could warm up some chicken from the deli next door. They said the stove was gas (which was off) and the owner said in an email that the stove was operational. If thats the case why no eggs then?? Can they not do anything but boil them?? I would not recommend this hotel nor stay there again.	
Jun 15 2005	good hotel friendly staff	We have stayed in the Windsor House Hotel with 2 schoolgroups for the 3rd year in succesion. The rooms are not very big, but they are very clean and not very expensive. The hotel is very close to underground station Earls Court. The staff is super friendly and nice to talk to. I had some very good conversations over there! See you next year!	
Jun 12 2005	Great Budget Hotel Just Expected	Originally booked as a family of 5, but husband didn't make the trip, so family of four 1 adult, 15 year old and 11 year old twins. Travelling from Florida. We had a family room with a double bed, and three single beds. The way that the room was set up worked well. Three beds in a row (not too much room between them, but ok) and one single bed off to the side of the room. The room was clean, the bathroom was small, but in the room, and served it's purpose well!We arrived at the hotel at about 10am, and sat in the back garden for just a few minutes while they finished getting our room ready. We were able to go up to the room and freshen up before hitting the tourist scene!We had great communication with the hotel, via email and phone. Mrs. Jan Wardle was most accomodating in her emails, and made every effort to inform us that they are a budget property, clean and safe, which is exactly what we found.We did not eat the breakfast which was included, most mornings we went to Benjy's on Earl's Court Road, which does a great breakfast.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget, looking for a good, clean and safe place to stay. Very convenient to the Earl's Court Tube station. Would be happy to answer any specific questions, email luvbucs@hotmail.com. Please include Windsor House in subject so I don't delete it! If you're expecting the Ritz, you'll be disappointed. If you read their description, and pay attention to their emails, you'll be pleasantly surprised!	
Jun 9 2005	Teacher opinion	I have visited London with a group of 45 children. We stayed at Windsor House Hotel for 4 nights having a good time. Rooms were ok for the price we paid.Moderate but clean and safe. We used kitchen to prepare meals for children. To be honest the kitchen is not big enough for 45 children but if you speak to a receptionist he can arrange everything.In our case they devided the group in 3 and put some tables outside in the garden (small!) Children enjoyed having meals very much. We safed a lot of money.Moreover the hotel is in a good location! But you must be very careful when you park your coach.It is much better to use the coach park at huge Tesco than in the street. I recommend this hotel for groups and individuals.	
May 16 2005	Simple Clean Neat	London, UK, May 15th, 2005Two Parents, Two children 4 and 7, London on limited funds. Booking accomodations in London, especially from overseas, can be a harrying experience. After having looked at many websites and failing to find a room for a family of four for much under 125 pounds ($300 CDN) a night, we were happy to locate the Windsor House Hotel in Earls Court. We paid 77 pounds for each night of a two night stay. The hotel is a short walk to the Natutral History Museum, a must for travellers with kids (hey, and museums are FREE in London!). The hotel is right around the corner from the Earls Court Tube station, the neighbourhood is funky enough (though it depressingly hosts a Burger King and KFC) and the hotel staff were helpful. The room, which featured a modest shower stall and loo, was clean and neat, and the bed linens were all pressed. This is not deluxe accomodation -you can skip the included breakfast of an egg and toast with tea and coffee (and you can afford to) unless you want to meet other guests. The hotel itself was quiet. Communication via email was efficient and prompt. We would book again. Just wish I could afford to go back.....sigh.....	
May 15 2005 	We were very happy!	We spent 6 nights at the Windsor House Hotel in April 2005 with a group of 15 pupils (aged 12) and we were very happy with out stay. The Hotel was just as described in their reply letters to our enquiries - clean and comfortable, without luxuries – and we do recommend this Hotel. It was ideal for us in that the children were allocated large 5 bedded rooms and we the teachers had a single room plus a double room. The rooms were bright, comfortable and clean - goods beds and bedding and good showers and toilets too. We requested towel changes every two days and received them We could ask for no more. The Hotel allowed us to use their kitchen for preparing packed lunches for the children and for making teas and this was very helpful as we saved on our budget. The Hotel gave us understandable noise rules on arrival and we complied with these as they also had older couples staying at the same time and families with children. We met other guests during our stay as the dining room and garden areas are very friendly and people were saying that the Hotel was a simple and ideal base for their London stay – due to good standards and location. We agree wholeheartedly. The hotel also showed us its guest book which contained positive reviews, spanning many years, from families from the UK and world wide. The staff were also very kind. One of the children left a much loved Toy behind and we received it by post within 4 days, with a kind note, without even notifying the Hotel of our loss ! We think that happy guests don’t often bother to write reviews - it’s just the odd unhappy guest who should probably have ‘stayed home’ who shares his negativity with the world at large ! We decided to put this right ! Friends of ours have stayed since – 2 adults and 2 children – in May for 3 nights and they also had an excellent stay	
May 1 2005 	not what was promised	We spent 10 days at the Windsor House Hotel with a class of 12 a-level students from Sweden. We paid a deposit and were promised rooms with en suite except for one which would have a toilet outside the room and a shower in the room. When we arrived we all got the wrong rooms. The teacher´s room had no toilet, the boys had to go down one floor for the toilet and shower, the girls had to cross the corridor for both. They were very rude and after many complaints moved the girls after three days. The boys and teachers had to stay where they were for the whole time. The students´towels were never changed. The last day we were told that they should have asked for clean towels!! The &quot;double&quot; bed for teachers was two singles put together with single sheets across ways, which meant a gap half-way down!! They put the teachers on the top floor and some students on the bottom floor. When some of the girls could not sleep at 11.0 p.m. because the man in charge was talking so loudly on the phone they went out and asked him to be quiet but he just said,&quot;this is a public area&quot; and it states in &quot;their rules&quot; that you should be quiet on the stairs and corridors after 10.0p.m.I would never recommend this hotel or stay there again. I was embarrassed to call this an English hotel. After reading many other tourists´comments about this hotel I am surprised that it is still a registered hotel and can continue working as such.	
May 1 2005	Earls Court Area	Located in a seedy area of London 5 feet from the tube station. It was very noisy, a terrible breakfast, tiny rooms and a bathroom fit for a 6 year old it was so small! You can take a shower, brush your teeth and piss in the toilet from one location! It was rated 3 stars, but I would rate it only 2 at best.	
Aug 13 2004	Just as stated on website/e-mails	We stayed at the Windsor House Hotel for three nights at the end of July 2004. We are a family of 5. We were nervous as what to expect after reading the reviews on tripadvisor.com. We were happy with the Windsor House Hotel, it was exactly as they stated on their website, and through e-mails. They are a budget hotel, but very clean and the staff is helpful and friendly. We have stayed in many places in Europe and the UK and this was exactly as we expected. Hotels and accomidations are rated differently then in America. I read the other reviews and I think most were expecting something else, maybe not understanding exactly what a budget hotel in the UK is. This hotel is clean, and we felt very safe here. It is in an excellent location if you are riding the rube. I can tell you the bathroom is the size of a cruise ship bathroom, but at least the bathroom was in our room and not down the hall. The beds were comfortable and were covered with two wool blankets made in Scotland. Our room was cleaned and bed made every day. Breakfast was the same every day; corn flakes, toast, a soft-hard boiled egg, tea and coffee. In a review stated above someone was complaining about the hot soft boiled egg. This is a traditional breakfast item for those in Europe. It tastes quite good spread on toast. I would be happy to answer any questions someone might have about this hotel. I would recommend it if you want to save money, and have a good location. pirokp@comcast.net	
Aug 9 2004	Thank you Windsor House Hotel in London for a delightful stay. 6 August 2004	We stayed at the Windsor House Hotel for 8 nights in July, with my wife and 4 lively children and thought it was just perfect for families on a budget - especially as we were able to prepare light meals in the hotel kitchen for the children – one of whom suffers with food allergies – so that restaurants can often be problematic. The Windsor House Hotel responded to our enquiry promptly and kindly and told us right away that they provided simple B&amp;B only – clean but without frills or luxuries and they not only met but exceeded our expectations. We arrived early – before guest check out - pretty exhausted and were met so very kindly on reception and offered tea and relaxation in the very pretty and well kept walled garden – so we started to relax right away. They got our room ready rapidly and we could see straight away that it was sparkling clean and fresh. Big airy windows (on a hot July morning) – pristine white curtains, neat paintwork, spotlessly clean linen and blankets, with cheery plaid wool spreads over the beds – woven especially in the Scottish Highlands – as they later told us – and clean carpets (important for the children) and with a really neat ensuite basin/shower/toilet – not huge, but private, inside the room and fresh, well maintained and clean. We showered right away with plenty of hot water and huge clean towels and felt better and ready to sightsee. Our daily breakfast was cereals and soft boiled eggs and toast for the children – non-allergenic (perfect) served kindly and with attention by the breakfast personnel who told us we could eat as much as we needed – just ask them.The kitchen was spotless – with a cooker and hob and 2 fridges and lots of pots and pans and plates etc – not flashy – but all in good order and we found the staff cleaning it several times during the day and evening. The patio and garden were a huge bonus for us as the children could play there safely while we rested up occasionally. The desk staff couldn’t do enough for us. The Windsor House Hotel was perfect for family guests – though does have stairs to rooms – no elevator/lift – so you need to be active. But they told us this too at the time of booking.DO stay there if you want a simple B&amp;B Hotel – budget standard – no frills – clean rooms, hot showers, kind and friendly staff and great attention to housekeeping PLUS - very fair room rates - our room cost us around Pounds 80 per night in all for a family of 6! We checked out a few other hotels which did not come close to what we had – and in fact single rooms cost around Pounds 60 per night and looked nowhere near as clean. We recommend the Windsor House Hotel, wholeheartedly – as long as your needs are simple, good, clean no frills B&amp;B and you are active. For extras such as room service, lounges, bars, elevators it may not be your ‘cup of tea’ – but it sure was ours. The Farrants.	
Jul 23 2004	Cheap Yes! but NOT as advertised	Definitely an inexpensive place to stay but don't expect what they advertise. They advertise that they accept all major credit cards but this is for deposit only. You are expected to pay cash when you arrrive for your entire stay. We had requested a room with 4 beds 3 months prior to our scheduled arrival date and when we arrived we were given 2 bedrooms on different floors. We were travelling with children. They tried to convince us that we were given something more valuable than what we paid for when, in fact, they had booked the 4 bedded room longer which went into our reservation. The one bathroom was a combination toilet shower. Felt like a porta potty. You could honestly shower while on the toilet. The shower trickled water alternating between scalding hot and freezing cold. The breakfast was as advertised egg and toast however we were not expecting a cold hard boiled egg with cool toast (tasted stale). Then 2 days in they said we could have the room we originally were supposed to get and that they would move our cases. We came back after a day in the town and found out we had been moved to a completely different hotel &quot; The Lord Jim&quot; Just a little better then the hotel we were originally in. This was not the type of B&amp;B we were expecting. If you want Cheap go here. On the plus it is very convenient to the Tube and shops.	
Jul 13 2004	Visiting London to see the sites and not the room	The hotel met our expectations which was a clean bed with an ensuite and close to a tube and grocery store. The room had five beds and some small dressers (however, we live out of the suitcases). The ensuite bathroom is small (you can shower on the toilet) and met our needs with a hot shower every morning. The grocery store was opened to midnight and we bought items as needed. We used the kitchen facilities and the cookware reminded me of my camping pots. There is no microwave on site and we were able to cook on the stovetop and oven. There is no elevator and luckily we were on first floor. The windows are single glazed and we could sometimes hear the noises of Saturday night streetlife (Sunday was quiet or we were too exhausted to hear). I would recommended to stay here for a family of five as sometimes it is difficult to find a basic room for a cheap price.	
Jul 6 2004	Convenient to the Earl's Court Tube Station		
Jul 3 2004	The Windsor House of Horrors		
Jun 17 2004	Not friendly as advertised		
Jun 9 2004	Not the best experience		
Mar 25 2004	The Windsor House Hotel - what a dump!!!		
Feb 26 2004	Spooky experience		
Feb 10 2004	a qreat young hostel friendly and quite cheap. 5 STARS		
Dec 17 2003	Good cheap hotel		
Aug 7 2003	This was the perfect place for us!		
Jul 7 2003	Windsor Not So Regal		
Nov 5 2009 	Parfait pour étudiants		
Oct 31 2009 	Bel posto		
Oct 27 2009 	Propre et très bien situé		
Oct 14 2009 	Kurzaufenthalt		
Sep 22 2009 	3 jours au windsor house hotel		
Sep 15 2009 	Solo por dinero		
Aug 31 2009 	Einfache Unterkunft in günstiger Lage		
Aug 11 2009 	Heads or Tails - Pile ou Face		
Jul 28 2009 	Perfecto para solo ir a dormir		
Jul 17 2009 	Lo que allí llaman un dos estrellas...		
May 19 2009 	Attenzione non pagate con carte di credito		
May 4 2009 	Fa davvero schifo		
Apr 26 2009 	Su baza es la ubicacion ... y ya esta		
Apr 24 2009 	Zentral günstig einfach ausgestattet sauber		
Mar 31 2009 	Tolles Hotel für wenig Geld		
Jan 17 2009 	Bon rapport qualité / prix		
Dec 10 2008 	Il Windsor House? Prezzi imbattibili e posizione perfetta		
Nov 16 2008 	Correspond aux infos annoncées		
Nov 14 2008	das windsor house hotel hat ein gutes preis-leistungsverhältnis		
Jun 14 2008 	Windsor House		
May 8 2008 	Servizi minimi ma decenti		
Sep 10 2007 	Me sentí engañada		
Aug 27 2007 	Tolles günstiges Hotel für London-Besucher!!!		
Jul 20 2007 	Per chi si accontenta...		
Jul 17 2007 	mini salle de bain		
May 12 2007 	Posizione perfetta		
Apr 17 2007 	Sehr Zentral / Etwas Jugendherbergsmäßig		
Mar 23 2007 	Das Windsor ist eine Zumutung!		
