Nov 22 2009 	Great service and a great location	My wife and I enjoyed our stay last june great service close to all attractions	
Nov 22 2009 	Luxury with goo vibrations!	Beautiful hotel , helpful , smiley staff, but english breakfast awful and overpriced. Tinned mushrooms, scrambled eggs (powdered?) . Come on Crowne Plaza 5 stars? 7th Floor room every 15mins vibration runs through wall structure as District/Central line tube passes under the Hotel? No double glazing in room?	
Nov 22 2009 	Great location poor hotel	The location is great. Service is very varying, and often very bad. E mails sent to the hotel are not replied. Several telephone calls were needed. Beware of room 155. Completely dark, view on very ugly wall only and very noisy (the hotel's air refreshing system is just below). In fact, this is a room that should be used for storage, but not for guest accomodation. After request, I got another room which was much better. Bathrooms are not nice. Corridors are narrow. Service very varying, check in was very inefficient. There are queues at the breakfast room. This hotel is not up to standard in general.	
Nov 21 2009 	Excellent Location Nice Plush Lobby Average Rooms	The location is second to none. The lobby and restaurants are great, especially the Michelin star Indian restaurant. But the rooms are somewhat dated. In fact the chairs were wobbly with weak legs.Overall OK	
Nov 9 2009 	Great location not as nice as the modern Crowne Plaza City Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night. The location is excellent within easy walking distance of the St James Park tube station and minutes from excellent bus connections. The main entrance is very grand but the rooms do not come up to the entrance standard. The shower in our room was awful with next to no pressure and the bathroom décor was terrible. We had an internal facing room with a very ugly view. We were disappointed with our room.The concierge was excellent, he was so helpful and accommodating, he made our stay a very pleasant one and made us feel like valued guests. I found the breakfast host rude and we were not asked if we would like toast, which I we have been offered in other hotels of this brand.I would recommend the Crowne Plaza City hotel above this one. The city hotel is very modern and is also in an excellent location.	
Nov 1 2009 	Very Nice Hotel.	Very Nice Hotel, traditional classic decor, very friendly staff &amp; attentive to our needs. We were upgraded to a superior deluxe room which was very nice &amp; spacious.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Location	The Crowne Plaza St. James is in an excellent location for sightseeing. It is two blocks from Buckingham Palace and about 1/2 mile walk from Parliament, Westminster Abbey, and Royal Horseguards, and about the same distance from Victoria Station in the other direction. There are several theaters near Victoria (we saw &quot;Wicked&quot; at the Victoria Apollo. There are plenty of eating establishments within walking distance of the hotel althought most of them are pubs. The underground is also a short walk from the hotel. The room we were given was a nice big corner room. It was big by European standards. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was huge. Our rate included the breakfast buffet which was very nice. We didn't use the hotel restaurant for any other meals. The hotel was exceptionally clean and seemed to be well-maintained. The only problem we had was checking in. One clerk said our room wouldn't be ready for hours and when we spoke with a different clerk we had our room in less than an hour. So we were in our room within two hours of arrival. We had arrived at 9:00 am.	
Oct 24 2009 	Still marvelous after all these years	Okay, so it hasn't been sooo many years since I stayed here last (and wrote reviews), from June 2008 to October 2009. But, I am very pleased to see the level of consistency that I did - everything the same if not better (other than the prices, which have gone up and if you are American... sorry).Lobby/reception/check-in - The check-in process was super easy and very nice. The counter staff was completely knowledgable and made things easy. There was a trainee there - can't remember his name, but he was sooo nice, tall, dark blond hair and grey suit, he was there every single time I went to the counter - morning, late at night, you name it! He went above and beyond. I had two nights there but did them as separate bookings (different nights had different low cost availability and I was on per diem), but he made it easy. The lobby is really great. Last time and this time, it's a scene in and of itself. Normally I was just there to meet other people and go out, but when I was the first one there and had to wait, it was an enjoyable scene - sometimes the game is on and there's a crowd following that, other times there's a live pianist which is an exceptional treat and makes the ambiance really very nice. I have to say I really like the lobby, very comfortable just to hang out there.Restaurants/bar - I didn't eat meals other than breakfast, but the breakfast is really nice. You can have juice, milk, tea, coffee. They'll ask if you want toast, even (but, if you want it nice and dark you have to tell them to double toast it). There's eggs, juice, cheese, cereal, fruit, croissants, etc. and while it's busy in there for breakfast, it doesn't feel crowded. The bar is fantastic, albeit really pricey. It has that dark paneled clubby feel to it without feeling pretentious or putting on airs, so you actually feel like you belong. Actually metaphor for the hotel overall. In summer we sat outside and it was very nice - there were still outside places to sit, we were fascinated to see, and they are heated with those heat lamps - but we sat inside as we thought it was still too cold to be outside even with the lamps. The service was fabulous and they have this Tobler-tini that one of the wait staff recommended that was out of this world. In fact, they do these really neat drinks, like saffron-infused gin, vanilla-infused vodka, etc. that they do right there in the hotel, that's worth it right there. It's worth it, and maybe a good way to convince yourself that the drinks that are about 10 quid are really not so expensive if you don't convert it to dollars! They also put out really good nuts - smoked almonds and cashews - with the drinks.Concierge - I don't usually review concierges (or stay in places with them!), but this one I feel goes beyond and is therefore worth singling out for praise. They are great at helping decipher which shows have which days and times open and where they are, they will hold tickets until about 4 or 5 if you think you might want to see a show but aren't sure if you'll make it, and they will answer all kinds of questions cheerfully and without any expectation. They even recommended the different restaurants to me including the Nando's! (As there is a hotel restaurant, I was pleased that they didn't try to steer me that way.) Also, when I needed to leave very early for a flight and asked for a taxi for the very early morning, they got me a private car (not a black cab) that was actually cheaper than the taxi would have been, but called me in my room to ask me whether I would be okay with that arrangement before they committed to it. They are great for advice on anything and everything London, and have great personalities!Hotel overall, amenities and rooms - Someone criticized the narrow corridors and wind-ey pathways to the rooms. I didn't think this was an issue, although it is true. But that's because it's such an historic building and they kept the bones and didn't tear it all down and begin afresh. Last time I was more toward the back of the hotel and had what I would consider a standard room, this time I was in the front of the hotel and it felt like a suite, with a hallway and everything. It was huge! The bed and pillows - very comfortable. TV had lots of channels. The bathroom was large, with a towel warmer. There was a safe in the room which is my favorite amenity... and there was an iron and board right in there too, which is wonderful - half the time in hotels you have to beg for one and then wait for hours because the hotel has just one! There was a pants press too, in the closet, but even though I could turn it on I couldn't figure out how to make it actually work. There's a minibar with fridge, it's the kind I could put my own things in the fridge to keep them cool, too, without incurring charges. the bathroom has a towel warmer, but the pressure from the shower isn't the greatest. But it was always hot and the towels are nice sized - real bath towels, not some little thing! There's a good workout room in the basement - you have to go out and through the courtyard to a rear building where the spa also is - it's a nice sized gym with modern machines for weights as well as cardio. There's an elevator in the back of the building as well as two main ones just off the lobby and I never found myself waiting more than 15 or 20 seconds for one. My one big gripe was that they charge for internet access. In a time when you get free wifi in American highway motels and African one-star hotels, with the prices you pay for this place and the overall lavish atmosphere it has and wants to perpetuate - they shouldn't be charging for internet access.Location - I very much like this location. It's very near to Victoria Station, where both Wicked and Billy Elliott are playing. It's close the other way to Westminster Abbey, the London Eye, and Buckingham Palace. It's near to all kinds of shops and restaurants - in particular, there is a Nando's right nearby as well as any number of pubs, a pizza place, a bar and grille, and a couple of other places. There's 2 Boots pharmacies, at least 2 Starbucks, a Marks and Spencer and a Sainsbury. It was perfect for me and where I needed to be.	
Oct 24 2009 	The staff are the winning team	This is not a typical Crowne Plaza. It is actually Taj owned under the CP banner so you get an unusual mix. The location is excellent, the lobby is marvellous and the top grade rooms not bad. But the corridors are shabby - the carpets have been replaced but not the wallpaper or paint re-done. Investment has gone into touch entry cards on doors but not into bathrooms. A strange choice of priorities is evident. Always have breakfast in your room. The small restaurant just cannot cope and the queue can snake out into the lobby.BUT, but, but - stay here because of the staff. They are, almost without exception, universally efficient, polite, charming and exemplary. And the staff are the beating heart of any hotel.	
Oct 7 2009	couldn't have asked for better!	Had recent 2 night stay here, with 3 generations of family, some travelling from abroad. Concierge was very helpful in sorting out car parking in the streets around the hotel.It was &quot;free&quot; as at a weekend but the doorman kept an eye on it whilst we waited for the free period to begin,some hours after we arrived.We were also able to have breakfast all together in a lovely quiet room on the first floor;a tranquil start to the day. Unfortunately one family member was taken unwell in the early hours, needing a short visit to hospital for tests and the duty manager was most helpful and considerate and made a difficult and stressful time a little easier. Couldn't have asked for more!	
Oct 6 2009 	Great location and Excellent service	My wife and I stayed here for three nights before a cruise. I used points for this stay. When we arrived the room was not ready so we walked around. There are so many attractions within walking distance that it was several hours before we returned.The room was small but certainly adequate and very clean. The bed was comfortable. We had tickets to a play one night and the hotel restaurant had an excellent three course pre-theater dinner for 24 pounds. The staff was very helpful in making our stay very enjoyable. There is a nice pub down at the corner for breakfast or a snack. We were close to Victoria Station and I would say this is an excellent location to see London.	
Sep 22 2009 	Good Location...Yet a bit olde world and terrible bathrooms	Positives...Good location for getting to the poosh parts of London, and the main tourist areas/Good breakfast, yet beware of a wait on the weekends/staff were helpfull in most areasNegatives....This is olde world tradittional hotel, and getting to your room isn't easy, as each floor is big and full of nooks and crannys/ the bathrooms are really, really tired and don't fit with the brand and certainly arent 4 star. Internet was very very poor, considering you had to pay!	
Sep 21 2009 	Get the bathrooms sorted!	We stayed in this hotel for two nights as it was near to the Billy Elliot theatre. We had to ask to move room as the bath was chipped and marked. The second room we were shown was the same but third time lucky!! Our clothes were lost in the transfer and only turned up the next day after frequent phone calls, resulting in us having to complain formally. The food and position of the hotel were good but be prepared to stand in a queue for breakfast. The Bistro is far too small to ccomodate the number of guests in the hotel. Room was clean and well maintained but bathrooms are not up to scratch for a 4* hotel.	
Sep 19 2009 	great location rooms a bit tired	This really is a great location for visiting London, ok for value, probably the top end of what you would want to pay, and the rooms are looking tired and could do with a spruce, but in general the hotel is very quiet, and the staff are very friendly, and even though it is quite posh, you don't feel out of place.It is our second visit and we would return if we were staying up in London again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Ripped off..........	I telephoned (normally I internet it) and booked a room for 2 nights and was quoted a rate of £200+ per night which my wife called and confirmed the day afterwards. When I arrived I was told by the desk clerk that I had a very good rate and had been upgraded, which was a pleasant surprise. When I checked out, I had a bill not for £400 but for £832.60.I challenged them on this and they agreed to remove the internet charge of £14 for 24 hours use when I had sent 1 email lasting 30 seconds.They would not back down on the room rate and I asked for evidence of the confirmation email which I hadn't received. This arrived 8 days later. I have no record of ever having received the original otherwise I would have cancelled it there and then.The breakfast was served out of heated trays which for a 4 star hotel is not satisfactory and the one other real complaint is that the Underground and its vibrations could be heard all night long in the room. I shall not be staying again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Average Hotel not what I expected for a Crown Plaza	We booked the hotel on a travel site and got a great price on the hotel. If we had paid more, then I would have been even more dissappointed in this hotel. The lobby was very elegant and nice...and that is about where it stops. After that, it's pretty much a simple older Holiday Inn with some extra useless features. The hotel is a collection of many older buildings put together. So the journey to our room was down small hallways that went round many corners. Room was nice but not what I would expect for a Crown Plaza. Light switches were confusing and room was organized oddly. Bed was very uncomfortable. Bathroom looks nice, but heated towel bar didn't work and no water pressure in shower. On a big plus note, the window did open and it gave a nice breeze in the non A/C room. The biggest plus was that is was located close to Buckingham Palace and Big Ben. We stayed at a nicely remodelled Holiday Inn in Russell Square that was so much nicer that this hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great Hotel	I've stayed at the Plaza St James a few times on business and can safely say that on each occasion I have been looked after, the rooms have been spacious and the stay enjoyable. Thx	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Location for seeing the sights	We stayed at Crowne Plaza, Buckingham Gate, to enjoy a touristy break in London. The location is excellent; literally two minutes from Buckingham Palace and less than 10 minutes to Westminster Abbey. The concierge was very helpful and his knowledge of the area and London could not be faulted. We had an internet deal which was room only, but the cost of breakfast is a whopping 17 pounds if you choose to eat in the hotel. A superior room is large and functional, clean and safe. This hotel was much preferable to The Hilton, Green Park, where we stayed earlier in the year for a similar price.	
Aug 27 2009 	Crown Plaza St. James London - A Luxurious experience	Tucked away in the bustling Buckingham gate area is this gem of a hotel. It is beautifully located in central London close to all the major attractions. One can walk around easily and see the sights. The theatres are close by and so is SOHO. The hotel has well-designed rooms as well as serviced apartments. The serviced apartments are extremely convenient and excellent value for money. The hotel has two speciality restaurants one of which is a delightful indian one called 'Quilon'. The food is Mmm delicious and the service is superb.The staff is extremely helpful and sensitive to the needs of their customers. The jeeves in particular, is a very knowledgeable man and is quick to offer brilliant solutions to the customers' problems. The property is beautifully maintained and we had the most joyous time here. We would definitely recommend it to people of all ages.	
Aug 23 2009 	Upscaleimmaculatebusiness/leisure hotel	This was a hotel booked through our cruise line. We were there for 3 nights. The rooms are not huge but they were immaculate. The service was extremely attentive. ( When I became ill, the manager of the hotel even escorted us to the physician.) The food was good but a little pricey. The location is fabulous, with stores and restaurants, theater and transportation accessible. The lobby is large, and bustling with many business people.	
Aug 22 2009 	Convenient	The hotel is about a five minute walk to Buckingham Palace. It is also a five minute walk to the route 24 bus line on Victoria. Taking the bus in front of the Westminster City Hall will take you to Trafalgar Square or the British Museum. Taking the 24 across the street to the end of the line will take you to Pimlico and a 10 minute walk to the Tate. From the Tate you can take the 87 to Trafalgar Square. If you want a long walk, you can walk along Victoria to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben and Parliament. Then, walk on past Downing Street and on toward Trafalgar Square. From there you can head to Picadilly and eventually come to the park near Buckingham Palace. Finally, past the palace and you are soon back at the hotel. Probably a 3-4 mile walk with a number of stops possible to each, take pictures, or ??? along the way.All in all the hotel facilities are just a bit above average. However, the concierges are great!!!! They were very helpful, always ready to mark up a map, and knew the bus routes. And, we had positive experiences with every member of the staff we encountered. Also, Monday to Friday there is a great little bistro down the street [blue awning] toward Buckingham Palace for breakfast [probably about 6-12 pounds, depending on the order for two people]. Also, there is a little package store in the same direction just before the church on the same side of the street as the hotel. The store has a variety of beverages and snacks at well below the hotel price. On Victoria Street there are a number of different restaurants.	
Aug 18 2009 	Eventful stay at the St James	We used air miles to get a good deal at this hotel which included breakfast. It was one of the hottest days of the year when we entered our room to discover that the air conditioning was not working. Despite the prompt efforts of two employees our air conditioning problem was not satisfactorily resolved and we were given the used of a fan.The arrival of guests for breakfast is closely monitored and you can imagine our reaction on being told that breakfast was not included. having to contend for a breakfast which was rightfully ours was a situation we could have done without. Breakfast at the St. James costs no less than £22.50 and were anxious to ensure that that this was not charged to our account. By the way on the day of our arrival we had an all day breakfast (which was excellent) at an Italian restaurant just a few minutes walk from the hotel for the princely sum of £4.50 !The St. James's is in close proximity to Buckingham Palace. We did the palace tour which was simply wonderful and undoubtedly the highlight of our trip.On arriving back from the musical 'Wicked' which is playing nearby we could not gain access to our room. This was another hassle we could have done without and we were subsequently told that the placing of our cell phones beside our room keys had caused them to mal function. I didn't like the tea at breakfast but overall the breakfast was good.Yes I would stay at the St. James again.	
Aug 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel near Victoria Station 	The Crowne Plaza was a fantastic hotel from the welcome (a phone call from the reception desk as we arrived at Kings Cross) to check out! Upon check-in we received an unexpected upgrade to a suite that made this a very memorable trip! The reception staff and manager went out of their way to make us feel welcome and on top of everything this hotel is in a fantastic location - within 5 minutes walk of Buckingham Palace and around 15 minutes of Trafalgar Square. There are numerous good public transport options in the vicinity including Victoria station for tube, heavy rail and bus as well as the nearby St James's Park tube station.	
Aug 10 2009 	Location is the best	The hotel is nice but needs renovation. Very well placed, half-way between Westminster and Victoria station, very close to Buckingham Palace.The rooms are not so nice but overall experience is good.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fabulous staff far exceeded expectations.	Beautiful lobby, very professional staff who were genuinely pleased to welcome us to their hotel. Very helpful concierge, and a duty manager who was pleased to be able to offer us a fabulous upgrade to a two bedroom suite with a full kitchen , dining room and living room overlooking the inner courtyard. Complimentary coffee and shortbread cookies were offered after our wake up call - what a nice touch! Without exception, everyone made my entire family ' feel like a somebody'. Such a rarity in the hospitality industry these days! Great central location, close to the tube and the palace.	
Jul 7 2009 	Best concierge staff on the planet!	The concierge staff at the Crowne St. James is the best we've ever encountered. They went above and beyond the call of duty to see that our stay in London was exceptional. Anything we wanted in the room all we had to do was ask. Anything we wanted to attend we asked and not only were the arrangements made for us, but the seats were great! If we were not sure about what we would like to do next they made great suggestions. These were often things that happen once a year (like the trouping of the colors for the Queen's bithrday) that ,as visitors, we would have probably missed. In addition to the wonderful staff the location is perfect. We could walk to many wonderful sites including Buckingham Palace, Westminster Cathedral, and Parliament / Big Ben. Frederick, Fred S., Justin, and John Paul absolutely made our trip. We will always stay there.P.S. The bed was so comfortable sleeping in was a pleasure!	
Jun 24 2009 	A nice hotel in a convenient location - would stay there again.	I stayed here for 8 nights in June 2009. Unlike some other reviewers my room was not tired at all. It was updated and very clean. The carpet was new, tiles in the bathroom were new and everything had been updated. I was traveling by myself and had a double bed - room 559. It was very quiet and I never heard anyone in another room. The view was only of office buildings - but I only used the room to sleep in so it didn't matter to me. The room was also very large for London - the biggest I've ever had. The TV had a lot of channels, there were 2 robes in the room, a pot for making coffee and tea and an ice bucket with a bottle of carbonated and still water - which they replenished each day as a courtesy if I drank them. There is also an ice maker on every floor which comes in very handy. And it had air conditioning that actually worked (rare for London).The room had a hairdryer on the wall in the bathroom without enough pressure for my hair, but it also had a hairdryer in the drawer of the dresser and there was a plug by the mirror and it was more powerful than the other. The water pressure was poor, but there was plenty of hot water and the bathroom was nice and large and clean - it even had a lighted makeup mirror on the wall. They provide soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, q-tips and a shower cap. There was also a full length mirror in the room, iron, ironing board, trouser press and safe.The Internet as others have said is ridiculous - 7lbs for 15min, 12lbs for 30mins or 15lbs for 24hrs. There is a pub nearby with free wifi, but I never used it - taking my laptop was a waste - I just used the Blackberry.It's located between St. James and Victoria Tube stations - a short walk from each. It's about a 15 min walk to get to Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. You can go in front of Buckingham Palace and turn right on the Mall - but I preferred to turn right on Birdcage and go through St. James Park. West End shows are 20-30mins walk. Harrods is about 30 mins. Breakfast which was included in my rate was very good. They had lots of traditional English things like baked beans and mushrooms. They also had scrambled eggs everyday (you could ask for eggs cooked another way), rolls, chocolate croissants, fruits, meats, cereal, apple juice and orange juice. For lunch the Broadway Cafe offers good sandwiches at very reasonable prices. There is also a convenience store right by the hotel where I got some snacks. Most of the area was closed when I got back after 9:00. The staff and concierge were very friendly and helpful. I arrived at 7am, check-in wasn't until 2:00, but they got me a room by 8:30am. I would absolutely stay there again and recommend to others - at least if you get room 559!	
Jun 20 2009 	Fantastic location excellent staff but I agree... tired rooms...	We stayed here for 4 nights June 13-17. We did the advance purchase rate for a superior room (avg. price per night = GBP115) and also took advantage of my ICHotels points to get a free nights stay. Room: Our room was absolutely HUGE - much bigger than I expected. I would definitely pay a bit more to get a superior room. As other reviewers have noted, the carpets were a bit aged, the walls a bit a scuffed up, and the curtains were noticeably old. However, for us, this is only a place to rest and it was incredibly comfortable. The TV in our room had loads of channels and our bathroom was plenty big and didn't seem dated as previous reviewers had noted (although the shower pressure was awful, but I think that's true of most places in London). Our room was very quiet and private. When we were there, they updated the locks on the room and it also appeared that they were changing out beds (this was on the 6th floor). I'd request the 6th floor as it seemed to be more updated than the other floors. Hotel: The common areas of the hotel are absolutely impressive. I would agree that internet is outrageous, but if you walk around the corner, on France Petty street there is a pub with free wifi. Go there and sign on rather than pay GBP10/hour! There were plenty of places closeby with free internet but this pub in particular was really comfortable with great food (its the first one you come to on the left when you are walking to the tube stop).Staff: INCREDIBLY helpful. Fred the concierge quickly got us into Nobu for our anniversary dinner. We were allowed a late checkout (but I think because I'm a gold member of the ICHotels group). Everyone was extremely friendly and they made being there very easy.Location: My husband and I walked absolutely everywhere thanks to the perfect sunny weather we enjoyed during our stay. The location is perfect. We had a great stroll through St. James Park and Hyde Park, easily caught the changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace, and were thankful for the short walk to the tube (only 2-3 minutes max). We even walked all the way to Piccadilly Circus - it really isn't that far. The neighborhood around the hotel has everything you could need - department stores, Boots (drug store), even Pizza Hut and McDonalds. There are so many options closeby that I would try these rather than dine in the hotel, which has very overpriced food (we didn't even try it).All in all, even though the rooms are dated, the location is so central and perfect and the staff is so great that I would highly recommend a stay here. If you do the advance purchase rate (even though I booked 2.5 months in advance, they didn't charge my card until I arrived anyway so it didn't make much of a difference to do APR purchase), you will get a great deal. We will definitely stay here when we return to London, whether or not the room have been udpated.	
Jun 16 2009 	Location common areas are nice but rooms need work	There is no questioning the benefit of this hotel's location in London, for it puts you within 5 minutes' walk of Buckingham Palace, the Tube, and just a couple minutes further to Westminster Abbey and Parliament. The hotel's restaurants, gathering areas, and lobby are impressive. Unfortunately, these first impressions faded quickly when my wife and I entered our room. While everything was clean and proper, the room quality did not match the quality of the remainder of the hotel. Our carpets were worn and pulled up in places, the bed was aged with several hollow spots within it, and the bathroom was in need of upgrading (e.g., the tiles were not dirty, but stained with age; the soap holders had been relocated several times, leaving patched holes on the wall; the countertop was also stained with age).On the positive side, the staff were extremely helpful with any request, and the concierge desk was always willing to provide assistance and advice when asked.However, given the price paid for the room, the extra charges for most everything (such as business center, high-speed internet, phone usage, etc.), the rooms in need of upgrading, and the abundance of competing hotels throughout the city, I would seek another hotel until the rooms here have been updated.	
Jun 11 2009 	Extremely comfortable great business hotel	This was my second stay at this Crowne Plaza hotel for business. Both times I've been upgraded to larger executive rooms with free magazines and bathrobes. The staff have been wonderful and couldn't be more helpful. I'd love to come back to this hotel for a personal visit, if only to sit in their gorgeous inner courtyard with large fountain for high tea, or try their Michelin-starred restaurant if the weather is poor.	
Jun 6 2009 	Good location but rooms are average	Used this hotel a couple of times. Superior rooms are ok in terms of size but all rooms are a little tired and beds are only average for comfort. Tend to use restaurants and pubs nearby as food isnt special and is heavily priced. Pub around corner does good English Breakfast for half the price of hotel.	
Jun 3 2009 	lovely	The hotel is very close to Buckingham palace which provides one a great opportunity to enjoy the great parks nearby particularly in the summer. Most of the tourist locations are closeby. They have an Indian restaurant making the hotel good choice for Asians.	
Jun 1 2009 	Location location location - BUT - could do with a bit of renovation	No doubt this hotel is convenient. Right next to Buckingham Palace (become the Queen's neighbour for a night or two). Quite accessible from St James' Park underground station (a little further from Victoria station). Hotel is grand on the outside and in the lobby (although the doorman kept ignoring me, never really offered to open the door for me). Front desk staff was helpful otherwise. Agree with some of the past reviewers in that the hotel is in need of renovation. The rooms are spacious enough, but the signs of wear and tear are only too obvious on the walls in the room. Stayed here for a half price special, and really, overall, given the price and the location, this would be ideal for a short stay in London for those who want to stay close to all the major attractions.	
May 21 2009 	Stay Away!!!	Worst Hotel ever.... Breakfast room like a hostel..... Rooms are old an dingy.... shower pressure pathetic.... VERY Disappointing	
May 6 2009 	Poor	Hotel surprisingly poor. Was expecting better. Delay checking in as room key didn't work and had to return to get another. Corridors were murky, narrow, and desperately needed renovation. Room not much better - definitely seen better days. Cramped and generally annoying.Breakfast service even worse - staff rushing around, poor selection of food, room cramped.Would definitely not return. This hotel is overpriced for hotels in its class. About the only thing it has going for it is the location, which would be handy for a tourist.	
May 5 2009 	Great Hotel	We enjoyed our stay in this hotel immensely. The staff was terrific our room was wonderful - clean and nice size. We were upgraded at the front desk - just because we asked. The concierge staff practically became our best friends they were so helpful with everything. I would absolutely stay here again - without a doubt.	
May 1 2009 	Very Nice Hotel in great central London location	Stayed 5 nights in April. Front desk staff could not have been more accommodating. Got us a 9 a.m. check in after arriving from an overnight train trip from Scotland. Lovely room on 6th floor overlooking courtyard. Full English breakfast included in rate of just over $200 (US) per night--good value for London. St. James tube stop just a 5 minute walk, Victoria Station a 10 minute walk. Buckingham Palace close by. Convenience store right around corner came in handy. Would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 28 2009 	Could do better...	We stayed in this hotel for two nights. Despite my husband being a Gold Priority Card holder, we were given what must be the worst room in the hotel. It was triangular shaped, very small with a view of a wall!! Very dark as a result and we had to squeeze past the end of the bed to get round it. This really is either a room for a solo traveller or those who they think won't complain!! So we spoke to reception and were relocated to a much nicer room with a view of the courtyard for the second night. It was three times the size. The hotel looks great when you arrive and in general the staff were friendly. We ate in the Bank restaurant one of the nights and the food was amazing. Would highly recommend it. Cost £87 for two for two courses and bottle of nice wine. Overall the location is great and if you get the right room, it's value for money!	
Apr 27 2009 	All Good	I would definitely stay here again. Great location, great staff and decent rooms (lack of drinks choice in the bar though!). Overall good value. Thank you.	
Apr 27 2009 	Lovely Hotel great location	I booked this as a present for my Mother. So got a good deal when i booked it some months ago for £160.Turning up outside was lovely, looked such a grand place. Our bag was taken away straight away and then reception upgraded our room which was great news.The room was pretty dated to be honest, very large, but needs a bit of TLC i think. I must say the hairdryer was awful! So slow. Just glad mum and i have short hair!!The staff were brilliant. We did'nt eat at the hotel, well apart from Breakfast, which i must say was lovely! Great fresh fruits etc. But the hotel had some great places to eat. We had a few drinks in the bars though and it was lovelyThe tube station is only 5 mins walk away. and Buck Palace only a 10 minute walkI would def stay here again and recommend to friends.We could leave our bag there too on the Sunday so we could do more sight seeing!!	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice stay	Not a bad stay,Nice court view,and room was a good size. Close to Buckingham Palace and all other attractions. Only downside was we had to cheack dead on 2pm and no earlier and was not offered anywhere to leave luggage. Other than that all was good	
Apr 25 2009 	Great Location - nice hotel dear for food and drink	This hotel could not be better located - it is a five minute walk to Buckingham Palace and a short stroll to the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey.My wife and I stayed there for a two night stay with my rewards points and despite the fact that we were staying free I was upgraded as a Priority Club Platinum member.The room was lovely and the whole hotel has a nice classy feel about it. The staff could not be more helpful and overall this is a really nice hotel.However when we went to the bar for a drink they only serve bottled beer and double measures of spirits meaning an expensive bar bill if you spent all night in the hotel bar. The evening meal in Bistro 51 again was very expensive for what can only be described as average food. There are two other restaurants (The Bank Restaurant and Quillon - an Indian with a Michelin star) but these are very expensive compared to the restaurant we ate in.A tip would be to come out of the hotel, turn left and walk about 100 yards until you come to the traffic lights and then turn right down a street called Petty France where you will find a delightful pub called the Buckingham Arms where they serve nice meals and good beer.As I stated the hotel itself is superb and could not be better located or staffed so overall an excellent stay.	
Apr 24 2009 	Handy for the changing of the guard	This isn't the best Crowne Plaza in London - and in fact for those really keen on geography its probably in Westminster. Its not as chic and modern as the Crowne Plaza at Blackfriars in the City of London and some of the rooms are a little tired. But it is in a great location for sightseeing. Buckingham Palace is a 3 minute walk away. The Houses of Parliament are close enough for me to be on the flight path of the police helicopter on budget day this week and on a nice day a stroll through the Royal Parks is a must if you have the time. Some of the rooms are quirky and if you are buying at the lower end of the range it can be a bit of a lucky dip. I had a nice room this week and the service as usual was great.	
Apr 21 2009 	Location Location Location!	This is a nice hotel in a fantastic location. A short walk to Buckingham Palace, St James Park, Green Park etc. Easy walk to St James Park tube station. Our room was larger than I expected for London, and very quiet. The breakfast here was fantastic! We got a good deal when booking here, with breakfast included. In room internet charge was too expensive, especially considering how many internet cafe's there are in London. Complimentary chocolate, shortbread, and water daily are a nice extra touch. Would come back here just for the breakfast if we got a similar deal again!	
Apr 20 2009 	Wonderful staff great location -	I have just returned from a wonderful stay at the above hotel. I cannot praise highly enough the staff especially Reception. Our rooms were very comfortable and right near the elevators as requested (as one of our group has walking difficulties). The location of the hotel is really central, to be able to walk through St James Park on a wonderful spring day is in itself priceless. The hotel is in a very a quiet neighbourhood, at least at weekends as it is surrounded by offices. I felt really safe walking around the hotel. As mentioned in some reviews the bathrooms are a little tired looking, but that just adds to the charm of the hotel. I found everything spotless.I have stayed in a number of hotels in London and this is the only one that I will stay in again. .	
Apr 20 2009 	Great value for the location	Hi,Stayed here on the Saturday night at a very affordable rate. Check-in was friendly and courteous and we were given a free upgrade to a Superior Room. The room was spotless, the bed extremely comfortable, the shower superb - really, all one would ask for in a 4 star room. The real plus is the location - right in the heart of central London, yet on a quiet road so no traffic issues. The decor is more old-world than modernist, but some people (like my wife) like that!The only quibble I'd have is that the breakfast is somewhat overpriced for these credit crunch times at almost £50 for 2, so we ate elsewhere. Otherwise, very satisfied and would go back.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great location just an ok hotel	I stayed at this hotel April 5-8. It was booked for a conference at the nearby Queen Elizabeth II Centre that I was attending but I was also there to do some sightseeing. If you are a tourist who wants to see a lot of the top sites in London, it's in one of the best locations. It was literally steps away from Buckingham Palace and St. James Park. If you take a right out of the hotel you are at the St. James tube stop. A 10 minute walk to Westminster Abbey, House of Parliament, Big Ben - and then right across the bridge to the London Eye. We were able to walk to Green Park, Hyde Park, and do some shopping around the Picadilly area too. The hotel itself was nothing special though - tiny and outdated rooms, expensive internet (not wireless), small and old bathrooms (the shower especially was awful). The bed was not very comfortable and the room just didn't have that &quot;clean&quot; look and feel. The walls were also thin. My rate had breakfast included which was pretty nice - but I would never pay the 20 pounds they charged on the menu! The concierge was not very helpful either. It wasn't a cheap hotel - I think my rate was almost 200 quid a night - so I would say if there are others in that area you can stay in, it'd probably be a better bet.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great location hotel needs work	While this hotel is in a prime location for sight seeing, my wife and I found it to be less than expected from a Crowne Plaza once we got beyond the lobby. Our first night was in a room that was pretty worn down with burnt out light bulbs and low hissing noise; our second was marginally better (looked like the bathroom had recently been redone, although the grout in the tub was not done well), but still in need of an freshening given that this is a Crowne Plaza. We were not able to move rooms the first night and our bags were not moved for us, as was promised, when we got back from our day the second. Both rooms were large and reasonably clean, but neither of us could get past the general need for an update in the rooms and hallways. Also, I'm not sure if this is typical in London, but the room did not have a clock.Still, the location was outstanding and the staff helpful and responsive. Seemed to be more of a business travel-focused hotel, but worked well for leisure trip as well. Some fresh paint and a few updates would make the hotel outstanding.	
Apr 2 2009 	Nice location for a short trip to London.	We really enjoyed this hotel. The staff was courteous and helpful. Our room was larger than we expected. We had plenty of room. It was within walking distance of Buckingham Palace. The restaurant was also good.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great hotel amazing location super deals!	The location is amazing. The Hotwire price was the best deal that I could get for this hotel. The room that I got was on the 2nd floor and did not have any views but I do not complain as I stayed for 90 GBP/night. The hotel is operated by the Taj group and hence has a number of Indian dishes on the in-room dining menu. The Michelin Starred 'Quilon' restaurant is also a part of this hotel and it serves some very authentic Kerala cuisine. I will certanly stay here again if I get a deal like the one I got on Hotwire.	
Mar 28 2009 	Really tired old rooms	Stayed for three nights with my wife &amp; got really good rate - just as well because this is nowhere near standards of any other crowne plaza we've stayed in. The location is good as it's central &amp; safe. Public areas are ok &amp; staff friendly - giving impression this is really swish hotel. However we ended up looking at three different rooms because they either smelt of damp or looked onto a brick wall etc. What they all had in common was they were all small rooms &amp; were really tired, with paper peeling, scuffs to fixtures etc. To cap it all - they swiped our bill onto our friends card and vice versa - just as well they were friends. You could find much better than this.	
Mar 24 2009 	Another fantastic visit .....	I've just come back from another 3 days stay at the Crowne Plaza St James, this was my 2nd stay there and once again had a fabulous time. The hotel is great and all the staff are probably the nicest in London, never had a surly awkward person to deal with which can't be said for my stay in other London hotels. Would always stay here, fantastic location - minutes from St James Park tube and near to great restaurants and shops - check out the Albert for great food and atmosphere. In the other direction Buckingham Palace and 10 - 15 mins walk to Westminster if you want to stretch your legs rather than tube it.Breakfast was included in our stay and although it is lovely I probably wouldn't pay the extra for it, it is rather expensive and their are lots of places to eat if you turn right out of the hotel.Great place, great staff, great location and I can't wait to go back in August.	
Mar 15 2009 	High-class hotel large and pleasant room excellent location	Located very close to Buckingham Palace, a walking distance from Victoria station. A high-class hotel, where everything from the lobby to the room is nicely decorated. The rooms are large and, unlike what was written on (at least) one review, ours was in pristine condition (except perhaps for the wood around the window frame in the bathroom, but this is not such an issue). Welcoming service, with complimentary biscuits, chocolate (with mint, unfortunately) and water.I would strongly recommend this hotel, also because the location is really convenient, as you can walk through a park to the heart of London.	
Mar 8 2009 	A good alternative to the busy West End	This Crowne Plaza has a wonderful 'clubby' old world feel, the rooms are large though the standard beds are small so you may be better off with single beds pushed together if you need more space. The low water pressure in our 6th floor room made the shower so pathetic that we ended up using the tub.The ground floor bar is very nice and is well used by guests. I would reccomend the Crowne Plaza for any first time visitor to London.St. James &amp; Westminster have that 'Olde London' feel, there are some good local pubs that do not get too overcrowded, particularly early evening, when you can usually find a seat. The local Underground, St. James, is on the Circle line, which makes travel to any part of London, or any attraction, very easy.	
Mar 7 2009 	Excellent base for sightseeing	We have just returned from the Crowne Plaza and had a very pleasant stay. We got one night for 50% off, which for the standard of this hotel was really good value.Our room (456) was fine and spacious (best we have experienced in a central London hotel). We did have possibly the smallest bathroom we have ever seen but this wasn’t a problem. The room has a great range of facilities, and was clean and in good condition. The only slight problem was that the lights didn’t always come on straight away, which I was informed was due to the age of the building. It wasn’t a major issue – in fact, we quite liked the quirky nature! The staff were attentive and friendly, especially the reception ladies and the concierge. We didn’t have breakfast at the hotel but we did have lunch in their Quilon restaurant, which was absolutely delicious and a must if you like Indian food. The location was fab! We have never stayed this side of London before but we will be in future. So much was in walking distance, which is just great. And not too far from the underground either. It is an ideal base for those visiting Buckingham Palace. We would highly recommend this hotel and hope to re-visit soon.	
Mar 4 2009 	Top Quality	This hotel is consistently good value. Having stopped over for a weekend recently, the experience was excellent from efficient check in to check out. Room was fine and spacious, only gripe was that the carpets were worn. Bathroom was OK, water pressure was poor though therefore the shower was not great but sufficied. Breakfast was excellent and plentiful. The staff were attentive and efficient without being imposing. The hotel bar is not big and can be busy, drinks were typical London prices but service was top class. The location sells this hotel, short walking distance to Buckingham Palace and ideal for a base. All in all, an excellent stay and would recommend the hotel.	
Feb 24 2009 	A lovely romantic weekend...	We really enjoyed our stay at the hotel. The standard room we had was spacious, comfortable and well decorated. The minibar was well stocked although very expensive, but that's to be expected really. Room service menu was very varied, with prompt delivery and lovely presentation of food.We dined twice at the hotel, firstly at the Michelin star Indian restaurant. We found the food to be brilliant, cooked to perfection with great service - a waiter even crumbed the table! The other hotel food we tried was at the Hamptons bar. I had possibly the most delicious Bolegnese I've ever tried, and it was served quickly so that we could rush off to catch our train.Reception and the concierge are very helpful, with quick check out/check in and them attending to your every need. All in all I would definitely reccomend staying here because it is in a good (fairly quiet but still central) location.The only negative was that the bed seemed really short. I am only 5&quot;6 and my feet were off the end of the bed. The mattress was very comfortable, however.Another issue was the weekend maintenance work on the Circle and District lines, which hindered our travel somewhat. However this was not at all the fault of the hotel.	
Feb 20 2009 	Bed too small Room Noisy	Just arrived back from a one night stay at this hotel, we booked with Air Miles as a second choice collected from a number of years ago.Check in &amp; reception very good, although we noticed a very off putting table set up outside the dining room with a cold piece of steak and vegetables to show what the dining room can do, this put us off more than attracted us. We were given room 270 non smoking. Following a couple of phone calls to find out where our case was it arrived 30 minutes later. The bed was a small double not really suitable for two people. The bathroom adequate however we were surprised the loo seat was too small and loose. Trying to sleep in a small bed is not easy at the best of times but when you have an air conditioning unit outside that stops and starts every twenty minutes was a nightmare, then at 6.40 am the District Line tube starts and rumbles past that was the last straw.Would we return No sorry too noisy, bed too small &amp; certainly expect a loo seat not to be falling off as it was too small.	
Feb 11 2009 	Jewel in the Crowne	Just back from a great 3 day stay at the hotel. It was supposed to be only 2 days, but weather forced a third night stayover when flights to Dublin were suspended. They could not have been more accommodating in helping me to re arrange my flight. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. The hotel oozes old world charm and standards. The Hamptons bar is a fabulous place to relax after a hectic day in London. As for the location, its perfect, with so much to see within a few minutes walk.Will I be back ? At the very first oppertunity.	
Feb 2 2009 	home away from home	This hotel is our home when we are in London. The location is excellent, close to lots of attractions and transport. The rooms are comfy and nicley decorated. They have recently been upgrading us to a jr suite but on previous stays, the regular rooms are fine. Nice lobby and courtyard. The staff are quite good. They are always friendly and helpful and have good face recogntion. I always get a cheery welcome back mrs b when I stumble out of taxi laden with luggage and again at the front desk. After a day of travelling, this is nice. The security guys are great! I once lost an address book and though they never found it, tore apart a room, made a follow up call and told me that since they did have my permission, would send it on if ever found. Permission was needed as the chief of security told me &quot; we don't usually send left items without express permission since some guests would prefer that those at home did not know they were staying&quot; So, I guess they are discreet. Room service is a mixed bag. They keep changing the menu and lately it's had a definite asian slant. If I want a curry, I'll go to brick lane. Still, the club sandwich and cheese burger rank high. I use the club/burger equation in rating a hotel......if they can't do those, I'm outta' there.the spa facilities were okay but nothing to write home about. My husband gripes at the size of the sauna but I tried it a few months ago and it was fine. due to the age of the building, there seems to always be a little technical glitch. These are seen to promptly. Elevator not working, guy there to show you to the others. water pressure problems, room upgraded. heating gone amiss, engineer to look at it and portable heating installed.Overall, it feels like a slightly quirky lux hotel and not a corporate cookie cutter. The business services are fine also.	
Jan 21 2009 	So close to Buckingham Palace	If you going to London and are looking for something of good quality but not hugly expensive, I would say you will be ok booking into this hotel. The hotel is just 5 mins from St James Park tube and £8.00 from Shaftsbury Avenue in Taxi and not much more from Euston Station. The staff were polite, professional and friendly and the room was big enough (we had a room over looking the court yard), maybe slightly tired but prefect for what we wanted. We didn’t have dinner in the hotel, breakfast was a bit strange but we were not in the restaurant as the hotel was very busy, however I think during the week breakfast should be fine. And it is less than 5 mins walk to Buckingham Palace. I would definatly stay again.	
Jan 17 2009 	Ugh should have been better	Well, the location is fine. Just down the street from several good places to eat, and a good pub. BUT... we had all kinds of mold in our bath room, and all the furniture came in to the room before I was born (1974). If you want to save some money, this will do the trick. if you have your wife with you, and she doesn't like dirty places.... pay more. Also, the bar and restaurant in the hotel both are bad. But who the heck drinks in the hotel bar and eats in the hotel restaurant in London?Only stay here if you want to save money.	
Jan 6 2009 	Very pleasant experience!	We booked this hotel with a package deal that meant we got the rooms at a good price. Myself and my partner went for 4 days around New Years Eve. I found the service to be quite good at the lobby. The room itself was big and clean. We ordered room service twice, and one time the food arrived warm and not hot. Our room, while it was nice, was located right at the back of the hotel, literally 150+ steps from the elevator, which wouldnt have been nice if you had elderly guest, or very young children, but we didnt mind too much. We also dined in their restaurant, the Bistro. The service was excellent, and the food was delicious! Though, it was the most expensive night we had the whole time we were there.Good for location, good service, and overall, a very pleasant experience!	
Jan 5 2009	Value for money	We booked the hotel well in advance so got great value for money, especially for a London hotel in such a fantastic location.We were on a flying visit between Christmas and New Year and the Crowne Plaza made a pleasant base for our hectic itinerary. The only complaint is that the bed seemed to be partially made, with a thin white quilt cover that looked more like a quilt protector - ditto the pillow covers. There was no sheet, no bed cover and seemingly no pillow cases. The quilt was also extremely thin and there were no extra blankets in the room, so I was a little cold in the night.The reception staff was very friendly and efficient.We had a great meal and cocktails in the adjoining Bank Westminster restaurant.	
Jan 4 2009 	Good hotel great location!	I stayed here for one night between Christmas and New Year, and really did enjoy the stay.The lobby is very impressive, and as soon as you leave this area the hotel does seem older - however, our room was perfectly clean, very spacious and had a lovely bathroom. We had no issues with cleanliness, and although the room was a little old-fashioned, there really was nothing wrong with it. The bed and pillows were a little hard, I think they were a bit old and may need replacing soon!The room was larger than others I have had in London, so no complaints there.However, I managed to get a great deal on Lastminute.com, and the room only cost £59 a night - an absolute bargain in central London!! I think I may have been slightly disappointed if I had paid upwards of £130 per night though.The location is great, Buckingham Palace is about 2 mins walk away and St James tube is right around the corner. The area is very quiet at weekends, but felt very safe walking back to the hotel late evening.I'm not sure if I would stay here again, if I could get a bargain rate I definately would, but for full price there are other hotels for tourists that are more modern and maybe a bit more convenient. Not a 5* hotel, but easily a 4* and definately not a bad choice - just shop around and make sure you are getting a good deal!	
Jan 1 2009 	The worst by far	The location is perfect, reception area is as you would expect a deluxe hotel to be and the staff were pleasant and helpful. After reception the illusion of deluxe 4 star hotel ends then it turn dreadful, drab and dingy. Our room was absolutely tiny, the bed side table had a tray with 1 bottle of water (for 2 people) and huge bedside lamps cant put anything. And there is console table which is also cluttered with a tray of nick naks for sale. And wallpaper is peeling and the window frames are dusty and rotten carpet dirty with spots.	
Dec 31 2008 	Old fashioned hotel but good location	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 4 nights. I had asked for a non smoking room and they gave me a smoking room. When I realised and went back to reception their response was &quot;but we have upgraded you&quot;. I didn't take the upgrade and got my non-smoking room which was small, stuffy and dirty with stains on the carpet in the bedroom and stains on the tiles in the bathroom. Needless to say that I didn't want to stay there and asked for another room. The hotel was fully booked and they asked me to talk to the manager. The on duty manager was very helpful and even though the hotel was fully booked offered me an upgrade at no extra cost for my entire stay to a better room, which was spacious and clean. This really saved the holiday. The breakfast was average with the staff not very attentive.	
Dec 24 2008 	Good Value and Service	I use this hotel regulalrly when I travel to London on business (about 8 times a year). I am a Priority Club member, so I find the club membership good value in terms of upgrades. The Hotel reflects recent investments made to the property, but retains much of its old world charm. Its location would be very suited to tourist and travellers as the Royal Parks and Buckingham Palace are close by. For business the facilities are good and the rates are reasonable. The service is consistently good with professional staff who always give prompt attention to requests. I've stayed in many London hotels (over 100 trips in the last 10 years). This is one of my favorites.	
Dec 21 2008 	Top of the " Crowne"	We stayed at this Hotel a long time ago for One night on our way to connect for a holiday starting from London at that time the place was fine for an overnight, so we decided we wanted a theatre weekend in October 08 and decided to stay at the Crowne Plaza ,St James and boy what a place it really has been transformed.We were directed to the Reception desk, where we checked in and was told out room and the keys were given. we stayed in 770 at the back very quite looking onto offices. lovely room with plenty space for your clothes, hospitality tray ,safe, television and mini bar which is very expensive (Sainsbury's just round the corner in Victoria Street) if you require your eats) Bathroom not bad and boy we have visited some hotels and they have been rubbish. The room itself was cleaned every day we cannot complain about this.Breakfast on the Saturday was Buffet you can help yourself with as much as you want this was taken in the Bistro restaurant where we took Dinner, the day we left , the restaurant was so busy that they had to open up another dining room so we were guided to this place and it was not very nice at all very drab the food was slightly warm as they who used this place kept the lids off the food warmers so if you go here just remember to close these warmers and you wont have any problems,All in all this hotel is very handy for all shows, tubes, buses and Victoria station and is within walking distance to the palace.We would recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of staying in London for the weekend , we would use it again next year.	
Dec 15 2008 	loved the this hotel	stayed at this hotel for the weekend 12th-14th dec lovely hotel enormous and very nice inside, it was my husbands birthday and i had ordered a bottle of champagne and when we were shown to our room a gentleman was waiting outside with it and 2 glasses on a tray which was really nice. the room was huge with a lovely comfy bed and a nice marble bathroom with heated towel rail, also a big flat screen tv, got a good nights sleep as it was very quiet didnt see a soul in the corridors and the hotel was very busy, lovely xmas trees every where and the hotel is very nicely decorated, great service by all staff from doorman to dining room staff, had a lovely steak meal on our first night which was in our package this is unusual as you are often only allowed certain things when on a package, had a lovely indian meal on the second night at the quillon restaurant next door this was also lovely, if a little expensive but it is london, the drinks in the bar were rather dear as well but served nice and tasted good, been on a few hilton packages but this was far better would definitely go again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Nice Room	Over on business with over associates and stayed in Room 774 and loved it. Positives Great room plenty of spaceNegativesStaff at counter on arrival very slowMeals a bit priceySummaryWas upgraded to this room which was very liveable, would of been topped of if it had some views	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Stay At The St James	Stayed one night at the start of Dec and can only say positive things about the experience, tucked away out of the general hustle and bustle of the capital, it is well presented and maintained.Our room was clean and well kept and the bathroom was huge with a nice range of toiletries (important factor for my wife in judging any hotel).Breakfast was excellent although the list price of £20 would have been to steep if not included in our room rate!We will definitely return.	
Dec 4 2008 	Very Good Hotel Experience	Had a very nice 3 night stay here and was impressed by the staff who without exception were pleasant, efficient and courteous. The location is excellent as mentioned by previous reviewers &amp; we walked everywhere. The weather was sunny but cold so was perfect walking weather. Dined at the Bank Restaurant and were happy with the food quality and choice. Our room was average size &amp; had tea/cofee maker and there were nice extra touches like chocolate, fruit and water. Everything was clean. We were very pleased with this hotel and would recommend it. Would have rated it 'Excellent ' rather than 'Above Average' except the wall socket was tempermental. I loved that we could open the windows properly and didn't have to rely on air conditioning which I dislike.Its a nice quiet neighbourhood too and makes for a good nights sleep.	
Nov 24 2008 	Fantastic experience	I got a great deal on this hotel by going through the website of the 'Holiday Inn Express' who include this hotel in their promotions. As it was a special occasion (I was proposing!!) I wanted to stay somewhere very special. £124 for a superior room with breakfast. We arrived by tube at lunchtime, St James' Park station is literally a 3 or 4 minute walk from the hotel. Although we were an hour early for check in there was no problem and we were allowed into our room which was on the 2nd floor. The room was really nice and very large. The bathroom was also a good size. the bed was very soft. One problem was that the bathoom could get very cold due to the draught coming through the old window. I arranged for my girlfriend to have some treatments at the spa as a suprise. The spa is a short walk across the courtyard behind the hotel. The staff were really friendly and made her feel very special. She had a facial and hot stones massage which i'm told were amazing. Hotel guests are allowed to use the gym so i took advantage of this. The gym was well equipped and very clean. For anybody worried about security, the room was equipped with a safe. I was also challenged by a security guard when i used the rear entrance to the hotel, he was very apologetic when he realised that i was a guest but i assured him it was not a problem. Prior to going out for dinner we had a drink in 'The Hamptons' bar in the hotel. Staff were very attentive and the atmosphere was very good.  In all a lovely hotel for the occasion. Located about 150 metres from Buckingham Palace where my proposal was accepted. We will definately return here.	
Nov 8 2008 	Location location ?	Definitely : a 2 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, 8 to Westminster Abbey, 10 to Trafalgar Square. St.James tube station is round the corner. What more could you want? Well, from a 4 star hotel a little more, I think. The standard rooms are small and some are dated. It took some persuasion at Reception to get a spacious room overlooking the courtyard. Our bathroom had dodgy plumbing; the water from the sink appeared in the bath ! We were with our daughter and partner who ordered a newspaper two days running and never got one. The concierge, although charming, gave us duff information on two separate occasions.Nevertheless it was a pleasant stay, the staff were keen to please, and the breakfast was good ( be ready to queue at weekends). Oh ,did I mention location ? Perfect.	
Nov 3 2008 	Loved the Crowne Plaza	We loved our stay at the Crowne Plaza St. James. From the top-hatted doorman to the extremely comfortable bed, this hotel met or exceeded our expecations. The location was perfect for sightseeing; only a block to Buckingham Palace and the Tube station is only around the corner. The room had all the modern amenitites. Wired internet ran 14.99GBP/day or you could pay a fee to have unlimited internet and movies via the TV.We did not expect much with regard to customer service or room amenities, having heard about the normally tiny rooms in Britain and potentially rude service. This was not our experience. The clerks at the desk and concierge were extremely polite and helpful. The standard room we booked had plenty of room and the price was right! Our prepaid room was cheaper than anything we found anywhere on the internet.The hotel has a full gym and spa, but no jacuzzi or pool. You can borrow outlet adapters, but if your plug is large (like the one I use for my cell phone), you would be better off buying one before you arrive, as theirs have a ridge of plastic that prevents the larger sized plugs from being inserted all the way. We received a fresh supply of complimentary toilettries each day and the towel warming rack made getting out of the shower on those cold mornings a little more comforting.The only complaint I would have about our room is the size of the bath/shower. It was impossible to have a shower without the shower curtain touching you somewhere on your person at all times. The hotel would do well to invest in the bowed shower curtains now popular in American hotel rooms.All in all, we had a lovely stay and would gladly stay there again.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great location!!!!	great place to stay!!! arrived with no problems and left with no problems..Friendly staff, met all my needs.Arrived late in the evening, asked for an upgrade due to priority platnum member, they said they wouldn't be able to that evening come back the next day and see what the can do..I came back later the next evening.. and i was upgraded to a suite no questions asked other then when can we pick up my luggage to move it..the location was perfect for to young people looking to walk all over london.. close to everything..we walked for hours each day, and was 10-15 minutes away from everything..hotel needs a little upgrade, but nothing major. Unless you expect to stay in the hotel 24 hours a day, then maybe, but it was clean and a great place to laye your head after a day of walking and a night at the theater..will stay again..	
Oct 21 2008 	Great staff old world atmosphere	Stayed here while attending an interview in London. The staff were very accommodating and provided somewhere to change even though my room was not ready.The room itself was fine and my leaking bath was seen to very promptly and I was thanked for making the effort to report it! The hotel is one of the few left where your room is prepared in the evening, curtains closed, fresh towels and even a chocolate on the pillow. Simple touches but they make a difference.I would stay here again if I had the chance as it is well connected and comfortable.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great hotel great location	Stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and was thoroughly impressed. Staff were very attentive and always willing to help. The location is also very handy. It is within walking distance to many attractions and a short stroll to St. James tube station.The room was in good condition and cleaned immaculately daily. I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 12 2008	Impressive	Impressive, elegant 4 star hotel fabulously located a stroll from Buckingham Palace, St James's Park and other London attractions. Our twin room was very pleasant and the bed comfy. Atmospheric courtyard gardens, competent staff, recommended choice of restaurants plus traditional pubs close by. Breakfast plentiful. Stayed as part of a theatre break but excellent internet offers available for BB. Needed a longer stay to fully appreciate the facilities this hotel has to offer.	
Oct 11 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We recently had a short break at the St James Hotel. The hotel was most impressive, as was our room. It was very comfortable and quiet as it overlooked the courtyard.I have never been in a hotel anywhere where the staff were so friendly and pleasant. They were most welcoming.I would certainly go back again if we are in London. The hotel is well positioned for St James Park tube station and so it is easy to get around London.	
Oct 6 2008 	Jewel in the Crowne.	I stayed at this hotel last weekend for two nights. Having seen an advert in a national newspaper, I rang central reservations directly and got a great offer - £109 per room per night for two people, bed and breakfast with dinner on the first night included.The position of the hotel is very central but that doesn't make it noisy as it's in a relatively quite side street.The room and bathroom were both quite big for London standards and were equipped with every necessity including bathrobes.The included dinner on the first night was a three-course meal offering four choices for each course. It was nicely-presented and very tasty, as was the breakfast we had on both mornings which provided the usual selection and was served by attentive staff.The hotel boasts a beautiful courtyard garden, comfortable lounge areas, three restaurants, two bars and a spa centre. Not having a lot of time, we weren't able to take advantage of all these facilities but saw enough to appreciate the quality and style of this hotel.We hope to return in the near future.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great hotel to celebrate a birthday	I always use the Crowne Plaza St James when I stay in London due to it's great location - close enough to the centre of London, but far enough not to be too noisy. The staff are always welcoming and the rooms well presented. I recently celebrated a major birthday and put up a number of friends who all had a blast. Great being able to walk straight thru to Zanders cocktail bar and the brilliant Bank Westminster restaurant.	
Sep 25 2008 	Very nice hotel in good location	We stayed one night at Crowne Plaza Hotel, St James London for 1 night before catching our cruise. We thought the hotel was very nice. Our flight arrived early from the US and got to the hotel around 11am. The only bad thing was that we weren't able to check in untill around 2pm and we were all exhusted. We had drinks out in the Garden which was beautifull, then when it started raining we went inside the little lobby bar. Drinks were not cheap. The Rooms we had were both nice and I had heard horror stories about if you book priceline, hotwire etc you get the worse rooms. We'll we had two rooms and both were lovely. The first room had two single beds and the second had 1 queen. One room was in a different building and the lift was tiny. I think 3 people was the most it would fit.. without bags. Overall we had a good time at a nice hotel.One thing I would caution against is trying to take cruise luggage from gatwick to London on the train. We had to stand holding all our bags with all the business folks trying to get on and off. It was quite a hassle. Next time I'll try something else. We also took the train from London to Dover with much better results because the train was not full. We couldn't find anyplace to put the bags so luckily we found 4 empty seats and pilled them up.On a side note we went to a little pub called &quot; Alberts&quot; within walking distance of the Crowne Plaza and had drinks and food. It was lot of fun. It was a busy place on a week night and we sat at these little tables with little stools. It was fun with good food and good prices for food and drinks.	
Sep 25 2008 	Just Terrible	My wife and I travel to London and stay in the city two – three times per year. We love the central / convenient location of the Crown Plaza, St. James and have had a number of positive experiences over the past 5 -6 years. This past visit, (22 – 24 September), however, was absolutely terrible.The problems began at check-in: - two very inexperienced young women (with no apparent supervision) at the check-in desk- our room (booked on their internet site) only had a double sized bed; despite the fact that the internet site referenced a “queen sized” bed- when we complained about the size of the bed and the mis-representation of the internet description, the front desk clerk told us “this happens all the time with Americans” (!!)- we were then moved to a room with two double beds pushed together (room 229)- while larger, this room was old, in a terrible state of repair (cracked tile, door), was very dirty (carpets stained, odd stains on the walls), was positioned on the property such that we couldn’t log on to the internet, was hot (…and the air conditioning didn’t work)- daily newspapers we ordered at check in didn’t arrive- “complementary” water bottle in room was already opened (creepy) - on day of departure, we discovered we were only provided ONE TOWEL (for two people) - in addition, on day of departure, the “supervisor” knocked repeatedly on our door asking “when we were going to leave” the hotel!!!- No member of the hotel staff was a native English speaker – which made communication difficult; and, I believe, was used by the hotel to avoid having to deal with our issues- (Conveniently) the front desk did not have any customer feedback forms; no customer feedback forms in the room either (surprise, surprise)- breakfast was incredibly expensive; poorly stocked; and as above, no member of staff spoke English – other than to ask repeatedly if we’d completed their room charge form !!!Absolutely the worst visit we’ve ever had to a Crown Plaza property	
Sep 18 2008 	Exceptional	My husband and I stayed at Crowne Plaza London St James in late April - early May of 2005. We were upgraded without requesting it after my husband told them this trip was a lifelong dream for me. Our room overlooked the courtyard and was clean and delightfully comfortable with a kingsize bed and luxurious bedding. The staff was friendly, polite and very helpful to us. The location couldn't have been better and the neighborhood was safe and quiet. We are making plans to visit London again in the near future and we won't even consider staying at any other hotel.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great but.........	We recently stayed at this hotel. It was a great location - we walked everywhere, Trafalgar Square, Kensington Palace, Buckingham Palace, etc. My only complaint is that I had requested WEEKS AGO a room overlooking the courtyard. I received a e-mail confirmation from the Hotel granting the request yet, when we checked in, our room overlooked the air conditioning units. Pretty disappointing. All in all, it was a very nice experience.	
Aug 13 2008 	Excellent stay again	Stayed for the second time at this hotel and was once again impressed with everything. The hotel is very grand and styled as one would expect from a traditional London hotel.Great location, impressive attitude from all staff, polite and helpful at every opportunity.Upgraded to a suite which was lovely, only dissapointment was that we only stayed one night on this occasion.	
Aug 11 2008	Perfect London Location	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza St James for our 30th anniversary. The location is ideal for walking to everything - a block or two to Buckingham Palace. Walked the few blocks to the theatre and Victoria station. The taxi stand just outside was handy. It's a busy area but quiet. I think a police station is in the neighborhood. Our room was clean and cool and comfortable overlooking the courtyard. Loved having tea in the courtyard. Enjoyed the two restaurants and a pub down the street. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel - wish they had a coffee shop or continental breakfast. We enjoyed nightly drinks in the bar area, often listening to live piano. The staff were friendly and helpful. For a special once in a lifetime trip our stay was perfect!	
Jul 27 2008 	Outstanding hotel	Our third stay at this splendid 4 star hotel . Decor ,service, food and standard bed rooms of the highest possible order. Without asking we were upgraded to a mini suite...so luxurious. Spotless throughout and so very clean, this wonderful hotel boasts first class restaurants and a fabulous garden terrace eating area. Why only 4 stars.? The standard bedroms alone are better than some 5 star hotels. Location perfect for Buckingham Palace, the Royal Parks and the West End. You will not do better in London. And we are SO difficult to please.	
Jul 27 2008 	Five stars!?! More like 3 stars...	We booked a king bed for a five night stay in early July. After a 12 hour journey and upon arrival they said they had lost that reservation request (even though I had confirmed by email a week before arriving) and gave us an unrenovated, tiny, dingy room. We were very unimpessed with the decor and cleanliness of the room. For example the carpets were dirty and the bathroom was in need of a major cleaning and overhaul. There was black mold growing in the grout of the shower and the walls were dingy and dirty. We travel a lot and there is no way that the room we were given was a five star room, perhaps a 3 star, but definitely not a 4 or 5 star.The few positives were the location to Buckingham Palace and the tube was a very short walk away.Nevertheless, we will not be back to the Crowne Plaza St. James.	
Jul 26 2008 	Wouldn't go back	England is very expensive, still the quality of this hotel was below the worth of its price. The entry way was lovely, elegant and spacious. The white gloved doorman looked and handled everything superbly. The room and hallways were dirty, and worn. The carpet edges werent vacuumed very much at it seems. The food from room service was not very good at all. Our view was that of a barbed wire fence protecting a school It was very close to Buckingham Palace, and easy to get a taxi, but that was about the best of it. It was overpriced even at England's rates.	
Jul 21 2008 	Beautiful room	We booked this hotel at the last minute in order to attend a garden party at Buckingham Palace, for which it is ideally located, being only a few minutes' walk away from the front gates. The room we were given was fantastic- huge (by London standards) and well equipped. Although some of the staff were a little disorganised at times, this was more than compensated for by the concierge Frederic, whom we found to be extremely helpful and full of useful tips. Location is excellent, being within easy walking distance of many of the major tourist attractions, and a few hundred metres from St James' Park tube station for access to the rest. My only quibble was with the price- OK, London hotels are expensive, but for the money we paid, I would at least have expected breakfast to be included.	
Jul 16 2008 	Grand but outdated	Stayed here for business for one night. £180 (inc VAT) per night - higher rate than normal due to Farnborough Air show being on and hotels in short supply.Very grand and old england on outside and in reception. Room was of a good size, but it was hot and the aircon didn't seem to do anything. Too noisy to have the window open.Varied choice of breakfast in the room - Japanese, healthy, full and continental.Convenient for Victoria, St James Park (and tube), Buckingham palace, The Eye, Big Ben, Westminster, Houses of Parliament etcBed was very comfy	
Jul 6 2008 	Good Hotel - very convnient	I booked our one night stay at the St. James through Priceline and without knowing which 3-star hotel we're getting, we got a room at St. James for $150! The hotel is conveniently located near Victoria Station where you can catch the Heathrow Express. Buckingham Palace, Parliament and Westminster Abbey was also only a walking distance away. Our room was comfortable and clean. The staff was helpful and friendly. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 5 2008 	Great Location - Acceptable Hotel - Sub Par Housekeeping	Crowne Plaza London St. James We stayed at the Crowne Plaza London St. James for a five nights in London. This trip was part of a 15 night trip to Europe. The booking at this location was on a Priority Club reward stay. We booked a single double bed non-smoking room, and due to my Priority Club Platinum status, they said we were upgraded to a King non-smoking room on the fifth floor.  We arrived in London via high speed train from Paris, and the taxi ride to the hotel was quick and easy, running about 18 pounds, but there was heavy traffic. We did not want to take the tube (and the associated stairs) with our luggage. The hotel has a comfortable lobby, restaurant, and bar. They have piano music in the lobby some evenings. Check in was quick, easy, though they did not have our room available till after 3:30pm. (No complaints there….check in was not till 4 – we just visited Buckingham and got some lunch at Piccadilly area. Other than a free newspaper and the slight room upgrade there were no perks for Platinum members (Priority Club's highest) which was a bit of a disappointment, BUT the location of the hotel more than made up for that!  The hotel is approximately 5 minute walk to Buckingham and Victoria station. Trafalgar Square and Westminster Abbey, and Parliament is about 10 minutes, London Eye and Piccadilly were about a 15 minute walk. Other than going to Harrod’s and Covent Gardens, we had no reason to use the tube, bus or taxis, fortunately, as these are very expensive in London.  The room was rather large by Europe standards. The hotel itself is very old, and was formerly a hospital. The floors are a bit uneven and the hallways wind around in strange patterns, but overall that adds to the character. I believe parts of the structure date to the late 1800's / early 1900's. In my opinion this gives the hotel neat character of old London. The bed was very comfortable. It was not a true king, but rather two beds zippered together and made up as a king. I did not however find this to be any problem and. The blow-dryer on the wall in the bathroom is old and difficult to use but they brought us a portable one. The rooms had robes for guest use. The carpet was rather worn and in need of replacement as was the furniture in the room. (Designed to look old, but of particle board and it has seen its better days.) The TV was excellent with flat panel HD. Oddly enough, other than the TV, there is no clock or radio in the room. The air conditioning was excellent. The view from the room was of another apartment in the same complex, but did make for a very quiet stay which was greatly appreciated.  Housekeeping staff was spotty at best. On several occasions, soiled glasses were left in the room, tea bags not replaced, bed short sheeted, did not leave towels, etc. All of these were minor and easily rectified with a call to housekeeping, but it should not be necessary to call. (I tipped the housekeepers daily, which makes the spotty service worse.) Internet access is excessive at 30 pence per minute. Do yourself a favor and walk 5 minutes to the internet café by Victoria station for 1 Pound per hour.  They have a gym that is available to all guests as well as a business center. We never actually went down to the gym as we were doing enough walking to stay fit.  The concierge staff and bell staff was acceptable but nothing special. We did not eat or drink at the hotel at all so can not comment on those services.  If the hotel got their housekeeping act together it would be phenomenal. The central location makes up for any lack of other amenities and I would highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Jun 8 2008 	Nice but not special!	I stayed here with husband and another couple of our friends last night. One of whom travels for work so we only paid £112. for 2 Deluxe rooms one night, not including breakfast. As I mentioned we had the deluxe room (604), the walk in price of this room is £350 a night. All I can say is that if I had paid that sort of price I would have been disappointed. The room was a great size with a really comfortable king size bed but it was a bit tired especially the bathroom. The shower was rubbish and I chose to use the one in the spa the following morning!!! The towels in the bathroom were really hard too! Internet was 30p a minute which I thought was a bit steep.As someone else mentioned the mini bar is extortionate, as is breakfast. Room service Continental was £18.00 and a cooked breakfast was £25.00. We didn't bother!Only one lift working as one is being renovated so it was really slow.The bar was nice we sat out on the terrace and had a drink while waiting for our rooms. I had a glass of Aussie Chardonnay for £5.80. The service was great on both visits to the bar.I had a nice night at this hotel, I had a a lovely visit to the spa and pampered myself with the Molton Brown products.We were kept waiting for an hour and a half for our rooms, and the knock on effect was that we were unable to change before going to the Theatre which wasn't great.I would go again, but only if it cost £60.00.	
May 28 2008 	excellent hotel	Stayed at this hotel in mid-May for 3 nights and I have to say I will go back in a heart beat. Check in was quick and easy (within 2 mins) and had room #778. This room is clean and decent sized compared to other hotels in London, lots of room or you may call it under-furnished. The view was to the garden and it's quiet. All staff was egar to help. Lined up at the concierge and you get someone's attention within 15 seconds. The bar (Hampton's) was tiny but good. Location is great, within 3 mins walk to Buckingham Palace, 10 mins to Victoria, and 15 mins to Trafagar. We even walked from London Eye back to the hotel and it took 20 mins or less. Most attrations are within walking distance if walking is your thing. Now, the not so good. The hotel is big and took me a while to find my room, pratically took me 10 mins. Room service and mini-bar are expensive; elevators are slow, and the bathroom is the smallest I have ever seen in a hotel. All in all, yes, very nice hotel. Best part was I redeemed points to stay there for free.	
May 28 2008 	Looks posher on the outside....	Chosen for the location as we needed to be at Birdcage walk for 830 am wouldn't stay at this place again. The front and lobby looked like a 4 star hotel. The smell and the size of the fresh flower bouquet was lovely.As soon as you get to the 3rd floor were we stayed, as soon as you step out of the lift, the new carpet doesn't quite meet the old that was still there. As gaffer tape was fixed on the edge where at least a foot of the new carpet wasn't big enough. Not quite 4 star!!The bedroom was quite clean. The bathroom was tired with a cracked fitted worktop around the sink. And the screwed in board behind the toilet needed a good clean round the gap. The cost of the mini bar was shocking!!! £6.30 for a 50ml bottle of vodka and £3.80 for a 275ml can of coke. Seems alot to me. The breakfast (that we didn't have) was far too expensive it was about 4 times the price in a nice cafe. Overall the room was noisy from the outside, which you would expect but the room next door was noisy.We decided on our first night to have a drink after we had had a busy day. So we went outside and sat down at a table where we waited and waited for ten minutes before we gave up even thought the waiters saw us!!!I would rather save my money and stay at an Easyhotel. Which we would have done if they had been in our location.	
May 28 2008 	Great location	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 4 nights and had 2 rooms (4 adults). Our room was situated on the 5th floor and although small was clean and well presented. Generally the decor was in good order although a few may nit pick such as carpet a bit threadbare in places, the odd missing handle from a cabinet etc. The lobby was very grand and the restaurants are expensive however good quality food. For breakfast there is a restaurant just outside the hotel called Bon Gusto and I would recommend going there as it's very reasonably priced. All in all the hotel was clean, the staff were courteous and polite and I would stay here again. The location is the best part as it's in Buckingham Gate so the palace is about 5 mins walk. The nearest tube is St James Park which is about a 4 minute walk and again as it's on the district/circle line, great location. The only negatives was that I was woken at 5am (I am generally a heavy sleeper) on the last night by what sounded like the air conditioning units outside being switched on and it just sounded like a car revving continually so I wasn't able to get back to sleep for a couple of hours. Also the beds were too soft for my liking which resulted in back ache in the morning and my friend's bed had a wheel missing from the bottom!!	
May 28 2008 	Traditional British Hotel	I booked a standard room with breakfast on the hotel website for £95, which was excellent value for London, and because of my Priority Club status got upgraded to a larger room, which had two single beds side by side. As other reviewers have suggested, the hotel consists of four buildings, which were obviosuly built as apartment blocks, but which have now been combined into one hotel. My room was in the block with the spa, which is furthest from reception. The receptionist directed me to the room via the lift in the entrance building from which it was a very long walk along several corridors to my room. I discovered that there was another lift just outside my room which took me to the ground floor from where reception could be reached siply by walking across the courtyard. The room itself was very comfortable and spacious. There was a desk with a chair as well as a coffee table with two easy chairs. The bathroom was not large, but adequate, and the air coniditioning in the room worked very well. Bad points were that the curtains were set so far in front of the wall that they let in a lot of light and the lights were set up such that whilst the bedside lights could be used by themsleves, the standard lamp near the coffee table only worked if the main ceiling lights were on. The breakfast was adequate. I wasn't offered toast and the selection was rather limited for a Crowne Plaza. No real complaints, just a few niggles, so I would use this hotel again.	
May 26 2008 	In spite of all its faults I like this hotel	I have stayed here a fair bit and have put in mixed reviews over the years - but I always come back. Sure occasionally I have had a scruffy tiny room, the service has sometimes been poor and I have been crowded out by package tourists but I always return and here's why.The hotel has buckets of character and is charming, it is in a central part of London but the area is quiet, there are good pubs and restaurants nearby, and the tube (St James' Park) is close. I like the Bank bar restaurant which is next door and the hotel's enclosed garden can be delightful on a fine day.All London hotels are overpriced but until this Crowne Plaza upsets me 'big time', I shall keep coming back while I can still afford it.	
May 23 2008	Good location - close to Buckingham Palace	I stayed two nights at the Crowne Plaza prior to business meetings outside the city. The location was perfect for exploring the city. Good walking location – close to Buckingham Palace and the sites and the tube. The room was ok sized, clean, and overlooked the courtyard which was beautiful. The hotel rooms/halls seem a little old but clean. It was extremely busy hotel but the staff were always polite and tried to help. The restaurant wasn’t anything special but convenient. I’d recommend try something offsite for lunch/dinner for better value and taste. If you take a taxi to the hotel be advised it’s in a congestion zone…I believe you incur an extra fee for drop off? Not really sure what that was about. Overall it was a pleasant first trip to England and enjoyed my stay at the Crowne Plaza.	
May 18 2008 	Good location but a tired looking hotel	Have stayed here before, and stayed in the annex - which was a better room than this time - 359 in the main hotel.This room felt small for a 4* hotel, and was tired looking - small bathroom.Other reviews say about only one working lift, which is still the issue, and although there is a sign saying the lift is being worked on, there's no sign of when it's going to be sorted. The location is great - 10 minutes from Victoria station, and near Buckingham Palace, Houses of Parliament etc and local bars and restaurants.Would suggest stock up the mini-bar with goodies from the local sainsburys rather than pay the hotels rates for water, coke, chocolate etc!More a good 3* hotel than 4*!	
May 11 2008 	Initially not impressed	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza last weekend, booked two rooms in February. When we checked in - (two couples - me and my sister and our partners) there was quite a delay, in the end we were allocated our rooms, one in the hotel and one in the neighbouring building. Not acceptable we had booked together and wanted to stay together, after about 45 minutes we were offered an upgrade to a two bedroom suite after the receptionist admitted that they had overbooked, and this was common practice. The suite was not that good but we had little time to spare so just sort of accepted it. On our way out the doorman asked if we were OK, we said &quot;no not really&quot; and explained our situation, told him we had been upgraded and he said &quot;no&quot; this is not a luxury suite. We knew this because the carpets were worn and grubby, the throws were stained and the spare loo did not flush. He spoke to the hotel and they contacted me, an apology was given and we were told we would be given another room if we could come back and move our belongings, we were pushed for time so I agreed to see her at 8.00pm. Wow, we were given a new suite. Three double bedrooms, kitchen diner, and a massive lounge. It was lovely, two beds were en-suite and there was a third massive bathroom. Although it was a poor start we enjoyed our stay, some of the staff were amazing. We paid £350 per night but the suite we got was far more expensive than that. I would stay there again because the location is fantastic, but I would inspect the room before accepting it.	
May 10 2008 	Nice but not outstanding	Booked via travel agent in Melbourne Australia AUD$300 a night with breakfastStay Fri May 2nd for 4 nightsRoom 254 ( my Mum was in 260)Our room was on a corner so gave us more space than my Mum's, but we had no view, where as she looked over the lovely courtyard.Neither room had a chair to sit on except the desk one.A small double bed, which I felt was strange given our room size was good.For the price paid I expect internet access to be included. It was charged at GBP 14.99 from noon till noon.Wasn't impressed with buffet breakfast. Range wasnt great, mostly lukewarm. It wasnt until our final day I noticed someone had requested poached eggs, something we were not made aware of. Toast needed to be ordered aswell and although a good serving was given, ends up being cold, rather than just cooking what you need when you need it.Service in food and beverage areas wasnt overly good or helpful. Although front desk and bell desk were fine.Food was overpriced even for London hotel standards. AUD $50 for an omlette and bread. There is a sainsburys around the corner, stock up on drinks, fruit if your on a budget.Renovations were going on during our stay and there was only one lift working, which leads to long waits. There are stairs on one end of the hall although it is not marked.Overall dissappointed, had very good experiences with this chain in other parts of the world.	
Apr 23 2008 	best hotel best service	My wife and I haved stayed at this wonderful hotel twice, we loved it the first time and loved it even more the second time round. The hotel's staff were extremely helpful and always polite, if you had any looked of confusion on your face they were quick to respond and offered a helping hand. It was very nice to have the hotel located in the middle of everything, we could walk to most of our destination spots and if any were too far away, the tube was a minutes walk from the hotel. I enjoyed using the gym facilities and incredible meals...the breakfasts were astounding and plentiful and the dinners exquisite. The price per night was an incredible bargain and you definitely get MORE than you pay for, I checked my email a few times and that was pretty costly(honestly, the only downfall of the hotel but, you're on vacation you needn't check your email...LOL!) I plan on visiting Engand every other year and look forward to staying at The Crown Plaza St. James every time. Good job to the hotel and its staff...well done! -Chris	
Apr 17 2008 	Treated like royalty!	My boyfriend and I recently went to London as a last minute trip and we booked this hotel through priceline.com. We got a great deal and I would highly recommend that site to travelers as well! Neither of us knew what to expect upon arrival and were very pleased with our booking when we arrived. The staff was extremely helpful with not only check-in, but helping us identify where all the major tourist sites were in relation to the hotel. The hotel is situated a short walk from Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Parliament and tons of restaurants! (Try the Bag o’ Nails for their fish and chips with mashed peas! It was so good that we went there twice!) They provided us with maps and even advised which bus/tube we should take to get around town. The room we stayed in was not in the main building. It was across the courtyard in the building with the Spa. It has a separate entrance than the main hotel and the lavender aroma of the spa was warm and welcoming. The elevator up to the 8th floor is extremely small! It fits 2 people comfortably. However, add luggage and an escort to your room and it’s a tight squeeze! I’m sure it would have been hysterical to watch 3 grown people and luggage trying to get in and out of the tiny tiny box! We were in room 879 which was non-smoking and very large! In my experience traveling Europe I have encountered many rooms that place 2 twin beds together to make a king. That was not the case here. It was an actual king bed with lots of pillows and a down comforter under the bedspread. The bathroom was exceptionally nice, and clean, with a hot towel rack and roomy shower. This room was great except for the fact that the window was blocked by the outdoor clock so we could not see the view of the courtyard. So if this is a concern to you I would recommend another room. Upon departure from the hotel to the airport I was a little disappointed with the help, or rather lack there of, they provided in helping us find an efficient way to the airport. Apparently there are 4 different ways to get to the airport from the hotel and we were only provided with 2 - taxi and tube. After seeing a bus stop, hours before departure, advertising a shuttle for more than ½ the price of the taxi, I was very disappointed. You need to book the shuttle 24 hours in advance. The final option of getting to the airport was by bus; we were not advised of this either until I complained to the manager about it. They became rude and said that it was not their staffs fault for not providing all the information, but rather us for not asking the right questions to obtain this information. It didn’t and still does not make sense to me. Overall, it was a good experience and I would stay there again. Just be wise to their different means of transportation!	
Apr 16 2008 	Superb location	Close to Buckingham Palace and St James' Park, the Crowne Plaza is an elegant hotel within easy walking distance of St James' tube station and Victoria rail station. The rooms are large and have lots of nice little touches - small dark chocolates, kettle and tea making facilities, and free bottles of mineral water. The fitness centre has good facilities and power showers. My only gripe is that the lifts seem to be in a permanent state of upgrade - in the six months since my last visit one has been renewed and the other is out of service.	
Apr 15 2008	Fantastic	I stayed there last year with my mum, it was the first time id been to London over night and it couldn't have been better. From the moment we arrived the staff were falling over themselves trying to help. They were so polite and professional. Our Room was amazing we got a delux suite, it was like a little flat within the hotel with complimentary fruit bowl and drinks when we got there.We didn't eat in the hotel instead we went into London to J Sheakeys which is a restaurant all to itself. On leaving for the restaurant, the concierge proved to be extremely knowledgable not just about the local area but everywherer we needed to be in London. The next day he also proved his worth by remembering our names and faces as well as what we had done the previous night. Even simple things like that can improve your stay.I would advise anyone going to london to stay there one of the best hotels i have stayed in in this country.	
Apr 12 2008 	A default hotel	This place is OK. Thats about all I can write about it. Nothing was wrong but there also wasn't anything spectacular. I was only here for one night on business and booked the place since my first meeting on the second day was a couple doors down. I've been at many Crowne Plazas and this one is basically average. The only disappoint was the cost of Internet access but this is a problem in so many places. I found the location ok as well but I wouldn't stay here were my meeting not in the area. I prefer other parts of town in London. In summary, this is a good business hotel and you can expect what you are used to if you've been to other Crowne Plazas.	
Apr 10 2008 	London for a week	My wife stayed here for a week in 2007-January. We too enjoyed the location, close to Victoria STation, walking to tube station,close to Waterloo etc. I grew up in England so very aware of getting around and know the West End.The rooms were clean for most part, but did have some issueswith the bedspreads. While the rooms were not huge by American standards I thought adequate for Europe. Bathroomswere clean and in good condtion. (I travel for a living and consider myself a critique of hotels).We visited all the restaurants and most were decent in terms of price and quality.Many amenities in the hotel, spa, exercise, concierge and of course meals.We stayed on points but if had to pay would rate average for London as opposed to comments that is a poor value. The staff in general was pleasant. I would stay there again.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great experience!	We got a great rate on flight and hotel on our recent trip to London (our first trip there). The Crowne Plaza St. James was in a terrific location just down the street from Buckingham Palace and very close to the St. James Underground station. We bought two Oyster cards and traveled everywhere with great ease on the tube--wish we had the Undergroud here in Vegas! With the pound being so strong vs. the dollar, it was wonderful to have daily breakfast included at no extra charge. The wait staff proved attentive and the food was apparently the typical English breakfast of eggs, sausage, potato cakes, beans and mushrooms served buffet style (we had exactly the same meal at Heathrow before we left). Danish, croissants, fresh fruit, and fruit salads completed the meals with all the fresh juice and good coffee we wanted.Now, a few negatives: Only one elevator was running when we were at the hotel--not a big deal for us during the week, but we did notice longer wait times on the weekend. Our room was big enough for the two of us, but the carpet in the room was a bit worn and tattered. Also, you have to keep the bathroom door closed or the steam will set off the fire alarm--didn't happen to us, but we heard alarms periodically during our stay.On the plus side, the bathroom was large, had lots of marble and had handy features like a towel heater, a 110v outlet for shavers (or cell phones) and a no-fog mirror. An iron, ironing board and clothes press / butler were all in the closet with a safe and small refrigerator.All in all, we liked our stay at the Crowne Plaza and I would recommend it to anyone wanting a bit more space with a trade off of not being in quite as new a property as some might like.	
Mar 31 2008 	An absolutely wonderful experince.	I was fortunate enough to be able to stay at this superb hotel for 2 months whilst in London on business. The rooms are beautiful, the decor, the character but what makes this hotel stand out is the staff. Nothing is too much trouble. They cannot do enough for you and they are so genuine. It isn't fake like at so many other hotels. Thank you all the staff at the Crowne Plaza St. James! I won't name names because there are just too many I wish to thank.As for the rest of the review, 60 seconds walk to St James tube, taxi's right outside the door charging approx. £5 to Piccadilly Circus / Leicester Square / Covent Garden. I walked to Picadilly Circus crossing St James Park, The Mall and up lower regent street in about 15 mins. 15 mins walking in other direction takes you to London eye, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben and the houses of Parliament. Could you be any more central?Just behind the hotel you have Victoria shopping centre where you will find Nandos, Zizzi, Wagamama, Ha Ha's restaurants also Pizza Express and some great pub food are a stone throw away if you don't fancy any of the three restaurants within the hotel.I previously stayed at the five star Le Meridian Picadilly and these two are classes apart. I highly recommend the Crowne Plaza St. James. Well done and Thanks CP!	
Mar 27 2008 	Average	If you can get a decent deal, and get King Bed Room, this place is OK.Its location is not great, a fair walk from the tube or buses. No decent restaurants nearby.Its decor is tired.	
Mar 25 2008 	Loved the location!	My husband and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza St. James for a week and loved it. The hotel is on a road that leads to Buckingham Palace in a short 5 minute walk. The hotel is also within walking distance of Big Ben, Parliament, and Westminster Abbey. It is in a safe and nice location. The hotel staff were friendly, and the room was clean and spacious by European standards. The marble bathroom had a heated towel rack. Our vacation package included the fabulous breakfast buffet that had a wide assortment of hot and cold food. The St. James tube stop is a short distance away from the hotel, a less than 5 minute walk, which made it very easy to get around the city. We would definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Mar 19 2008 	Nice place - good locatuion.	Very close to Buckingham palace and convenient for the City attractions, Westminster abbey and so on, although probably not the best location for restaurants etc (later in the evening.)Very nice, peaceful first impression, and check in staff very friendly.The elavators are a bit on short supply, and yes, the bedrooms are not that big - but all perfectly comfortable and adequate.Room service efficient, maintenance a bit slow - we were just there for 2 nights and left with a good impession overall.	
Mar 5 2008	Lovely hotel tastefully decorated great staff and excellent restaurants!	I have a long experience of staying at the Crowne Plaza and using both its restaurants, Bistro 51 and Quilon. The hotel is so tastefully decorated and the food is delicious in both restaurants, with Quilon offering some of the more refined Indian Cuisine in town, while Bistro 51 provides a gastronomic and varied Continental menu.The staff are always very helpful which only makes each experience in that hotel more enjoyable.One of the finest places to dine and sleep in London.	
Feb 26 2008	Great for a weekend break	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend break in London. The check in was quick and as we had minimal luggage were left to find our own way to room. We had booked a standard room which was adequate in size although not large. We had a pleasant view of the court yard garden and fountain from our two little balconies. The room had everything we needed and was clean and well furnished, although the general style of the room is a little dated we hadn't come to london to stare at the interior of our hotel room. We found it to be convenient for both St James Park tube station and Victoria Station, which made getting around London very easy. We did not dine in the hotel at all, but found the pub at the end of the road did an excellent breakfast for £4.99! I would not pay top price for this hotel but if you spot a good deal then I would go for it.	
Feb 25 2008	Torn bedding!!! Not good value	Poor value, even for London.I only stay here occasionally on &quot;miles&quot; points- this hotel is poor value and is never worth paying the list price. I feel sorry for tourists shafted by this hotel.Rooms are dated, adequate but dated. Biggest disappointment is finding small stains on sheets and two not insignificant holes in the bed covers. There is NO WAY these holes could have been overlooked - which means the staff knowingly fitted a torn bedspread to the bed. This says a lot about the standards of this hotel.Reception can be busy at times, not just 8AM Friday, but busy in the evenings too.After a night at the theatre we stopped in the bar one night and the barman was excellent entertaining the kids by talking about cocktails and making them both a special cocktail according to their requests - this guy was great - thanks. (When I got the bill discovered the 4 drinks cost us nearly £20 though!)Adequate, but poor value for money and decor and linen desperately needs updating. I get better quality linen in the £45/night hotels and guesthouses I often stay at in London.	
Feb 22 2008	Fantastic room and service	I took my wife here for a birthday present to watch the Phantom of the Opera, the Kings Deluxe apartment had everything we needed it was a shame we where only staying one night as I could of easily stayed the week.Location was excellent as Buckingham Palace was just around the corner and easy walk to the Her Majesty's Theatre and Piccadilly Circus.We both had breakfast in the morning which was of a buffet style and good enough quality so was not let down before heading home.	
Jan 9 2008 	a hotel in a fantastic location	This hotel is in an excellent location for exploring the sites of London, just a 10 minute walk away from Buckingham Palace and Hyde ParkThe rooms were clean and to an average standard, however the reception staff were excellent and couldnt do enough to helpOn the day of arrival and the day of departure they stored our luggage free of charge outside of the times where we didnt have a room and this was no problem which meant we could spend a full day exploring the sites the day we cheked out with no baggage to carry roundWould definitely consider staying here again	
Jan 5 2008 	Great first impression but the rooms let it down!	Why do IHG continue to allow the Crowne Plaza brand to be de-valued by poor properties. I have recently stayed at Crowne Plaza properties in Birmingham, London and Leeds, and all have been poor.The Crowne Plaza St James, as other reviews have said, looks great. Reception is lovely, as is the general front of house area. However once you get past reception you are left in little doubt that the hotel needs a fair amount of money spending on it.Like the Crowne Plaza in Birmingham this hotel is stuck in the 70's. The rooms are poorly furnished by modern standards, and the bathrooms are very dated. Our room was very cold due to poor in-room heating (a thermostat with do indication of what was hot or cold did not help this), and single glazed windows. The bedding had some interesting stains, and generally looked very old.Overall, it did the job of being a bed for the night, but I would not class this property any better than 3 star. Invest some money and it has great potential, but at the moment it is just another old London hotel - over-priced and in need of refurbishment.	
Dec 29 2007 	Enjoyable stay at The St James	Stayed here just after Xmas with my daughter to see a show and also do some sale shopping.We were upgraded to an exec room which although dated was large by London standards and was clean and adequate for our needs.The hotel staff were very attentive and willing to help and also took good care of us at breakfast.The location is great for the palace, london eye, Big Ben etc etc and only a five minute walk from the tube station.Lack of evening eateries in the surrounding area is the only drawback but plenty of cafes etc during the day for lunch and the hotel does have three resturants attached to it but all rather expensive.All in all a good hotel with good staff and no complaints.	
Dec 26 2007 	Average Hotel with Average Location	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza London, St. James between November 16, 2007 and November 24, 2007. The hotel staff was polite but never went out of their way for us. Everything was quite serviceable but nothing special or extraordinary.This was our first stay in London and it would have taken a lot to detract from our trip. In the title I mention that the location was average. I say this because after business people leave the area and on the weekends, this part of town is mostly deserted. We would prefer staying in a livelier area next time.Being about 1/3 of a mile from Buckingham Palace was nice and we were also within walking distance of Parliament, Green Park, Westminster Abbey, and a great many other attractions.I am pleased that we booked our hotel/airfare with AAA. They took care of details such as transport from/to the airport (Gatwick) which was nice. As this was our first international trip, we felt more secure using their service.Overall, I am not displeased with where we stayed. However, knowing now what I do about the great city of London, I would likely stay in the Piccadilly Circus area or maybe closer to the British Museum.We loved the trip so much that we are considering returning in 2008 - probably in the summer. When we return we plan to see a great deal more of the country and particularly look forward to visiting the Cotswalds.	
Dec 25 2007 	Not great for the price.	This hotel was part of a package deal with a local travel agent. We had two twin rooms for 1 night. Overall a very poor experience. All glitz and glamour in the downstairs lobby and restaurants, but shabby upstairs in the rooms and hallways.We requested non smoking rooms, but one of the rooms had obviously been a smoking room . We asked housekeeping to freshen the room while we were at dinner, on our return the room had been sprayed with air freshener (but not cleaned), so we had the awful smell of air freshener and cigarette smoke. When we requested another room it took almost an hour for the transfer (there was only approx 50% occupancy according to the porter) which at 11pm was not great.We ending up moving floors and wings...... with a very inadequate lift service this was frustrating after waiting so long.We found the breakfast well below average, we had to stand outside the breakfast room to wait for an available table, the 'hot' buffet was tepid, and the rest uninspiring .... for a 4* hotel this one just does not live to any expectation.The only positives were the location and the doormen.	
Dec 18 2007 	Needs Renovating	Other reviewers are correct.When you arrive, you are impressed by the numerous liveried doormen, etc. hovering around the well-presented reception area.But head upstairs and you're walking on threadbare carpets and the rooms are dated in terms of furniture and decor. Loose door handles give a poor impression. The bathroom sink units look OK, but the bath area is very old. Water pressure was OK, hot water was always very hot. Heated towel rail was a nice feature too. Bathroom had frosted glass windows so got natural light, but at night, the absence of curtains/blinds, meant that outside lighting shown through.Breakfast was included in my rate. This was OK, but the buffet offered less than half of the selection of the lower-level Holiday Inn chain.If you can get a discounted rate, then well done. The location is very good (St James's tube is closer than Victoria). But otherwise, there are much better all-round hotels elsewhere in London.	
Dec 9 2007 	Tired hotel in need of renovation	I spent four nights in this hotel in December. The building itself and the reception area are very impressive. However, once you go upstairs to your room it is such a let down. The carpets and walls are shabby in the public areas and also the rooms. The carpet in my room had a large cigerette burn. Windows do not shut properly. This is not what you would expect for a four star property. This is so dissapionting as the building is a really impressive and old and so much more could be done with it as is demonstrated by the impressive lobby.Food is also very pricey. I suppose this is because the restaurants are pretty good and draw in people who are not staying there. However if you are actually staying there in your shabby room you just feel this is just another way to get even more money out of you.Service is fine for a four star.If they refurbished the place I would not hesitate to go back.	
Dec 7 2007	Dirty Rude Terrible Service Not safe	This was a horrible, traumatic experience. It was pre-paid so we could not leave. Our first room option had dirty floors, walls and dusty furniture. The 2nd room was not much better. Our reservations were changed without our permission. When we contacted the front desk with our problems, they became very rude to us, and this attitude continued. At the morning buffet the plate on the top of the pile had never been washed. It was slimy with egg and sausage. I was told this was no big deal by management. We were not provided toilet paper and kleenix. Indeed, we had to argue to get it. From the first day, our personal items and paperwork were tampered with. I had to call the credit card companies to have my cards cancelled and changed. Even written complaints were handled with disinterest. We did not feel safe here. Americans were especially poorly treated.	
Dec 3 2007 	Nice place to stay - good food excellent service	I was working in London and had booked this hotel as it was near the venue. Nearly cancelled after reading the previous reviews. I am really glad I didn't.The hotel is a short walk from St James tube station, five minutes walk to Buckingham Palace and the parks and 10 -15 minutes to Westminster and Big Ben. A friendly welcome at the door and at check-in. The process was quick and easy and the reception staff polite and friendly. The standard room and large bathroom were very clean and comfortable. The towels and bathrobes were soft and fuffyWe ate at the bistro, the food and wine were great ,the service excellent and the puddings amazing. The breakfast buffet was very good. Lovely swiss museli, fresh fruits, and assort ment of packet cereals, yogurts and fresh juices, a hot selection of breakfast fayre, cold meats and cheeses. Eggs to order and hot toast. Fresh pastries, bread rolls and muffins. Everyone seem to enjoy. Service was again excellent. Every member of staff we encountered was pleasant and polite.	
Nov 28 2007 	delusions of grandeur	This might have been a great hotel once but its not much good now. The first room they fobbed us off with was cramped, dingy had a filthy carpet with a large hole in it. After I explained that this would not be suitable for accommodating livestock let alone human guests we were offered a better room which was about 50% bigger and had a carpet with only comparitively light soiling.Breakfast was pretty awful, we had to demand proper butter rather than 'spread' and cereal other than allbran or frosties which were sitting in large open bowls with people coughing over them. The 'hot' selection wasn't hot and the items were of mediocre quality. The orange or grapefruit juice was nice but available only in tiny glasses which was tiresome. Their rack rate is about £300 per night which you would have to be mentally deficient to pay, its worth about £75.	
Nov 27 2007 	Service is Terrible	My family and I had two rooms here for three nights. The desk representatives were not friendly at all. The room was okay bed was a double but the bed was small compared to our full beds here. Shower was great. Not sure how this hotel gets a 4 star rating. The carpet and furniture needs to be replaced. We asked to switch to a room with a king or queen size bed the next day and they told us to leave our bags packed in the room and they would switch us. We arrived at the hotel around 5pm and went to get the key and they had not switched us. Alot of confusion at the desk the hotel was sold out and guests who thought they had reservations were getting frustrated and walking out. They finally switched us and our luggage was never moved it was still in the old room. Other than that the hotel is in the perfect location for seeing alot of the attractions. There is shops and a grocery store not far from the hotel. We even came across a street market with some good stuff. If you see the market there is a great fish and chips shop there. Overall ok hotel I definately would not pay the higher prices at this hotel.	
Nov 24 2007 	Tired and scruffy rooms	Very good location, but earlier reviews are right about small rooms, clean but worn out furnishings and tiny bathrooms that havent been renovated in a decade. The TV was a 20 year old Nokia box - people don't use these anymore in their homes!! This hotel has gone downmarket since the last time I stayed and am disappointed the Taj Group would preside over an establishment with such mediocre standards.	
Nov 22 2007 	Not Perfect But Still Leaves A Good Impression	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights after attending a symposium in Essex. Good location since it is near Buckingham Palace but a little far if you are thinking of West End and the London Eye. Laid back atmosphere in and out of the hotel. Rooms are on the average as expected of typical European hotels. Don't expect any good views from your room at this hotel. Buffet breakfast is available at the cafe from 6-11am serving traditional English fare. Old World charm evident in the lobby and the courtyard. Satisfied with the hospitality/service shown by the concierge, bell staff/porter, and most of the front desk personnel. Would recommend this hotel for those planning to stay in London. The Crowne Plaza is a reliable hotel brand.	
Nov 20 2007 	great location	We stayed here in July and found the location brilliant. the reception looked wonderful and the staff were helpful, but check in was very slow. When we got to our room we were quite disapointed that it didn't live up to the stabdard of the reception. It was quite a plain room and not a particularly high standard. The cost of the mini bar was ridiculous. Breakfast was nice the next morning though.	
Nov 14 2007 	Terrible Experience! DO NOT STAY HERE!	I won a bid with the popular online hotel bidding site to stay at the Crowne Plaza St. James, a decidedly pretentious hotel near Buckingham Palace. Unfortunately my flight from California was cancelled due to weather, so I arrived the next day of the reservation at 8 am.I sent the hotel an email informing them of my late arrival. Nonetheless, they rented out my room. Eventually at 2 pm, another room was found for me. Not only did the hotel credit manager, someone named Phillip, refuse to refund me for this room, but they rented the room twice in one night, and made me wait 6 hours for a room I had already paid for. So they delayed my London vacation even further.By the way, this is a rather tired hotel. The carpets are worn through. The furnishings in the room are unmatching rejects from some used furniture sale. The matress is worn into lumps. Do not plan on staying here if you are hoping for a honest first-class experience.	
Nov 11 2007	Dissappointing for a 4star hotel	Spent a long time deciding where to stay in London-unfortunately or first choice was not avaliable and we ended up at the Crowne Plaza St James. Location was good for Westminster &amp; Victoria areas. Reception area was very nice but that's the good bit. We were allocated a room on the 7th floor which certainly did not live up to our expectations! It was very small &amp;looked out onto other parts of the hotel at the back .The bathroom looked 'tired' with dirty grout and cracked cornice.For the money we paid I expected more from a 4star hotel in London I would find it difficult to rate the room as 2star and would not recommend it.	
Nov 9 2007 	It's Not What It Used To Be	I have stayed at the Crowne Plaza London St. James many times over the years. I have happy memories of a staff that worked to find the best price and to ensure an enjoyable stay. As it grows in it's upscale demeanor, it becomes less and less accommodating and welcoming. The once-friendly desk staff has assumed a hauteur that is ridiculous.You've certainly heard of airlines that lose your luggage. This was the first time a hotel has misplaced my luggage. Having arrived in London on an overnight flight, I arrived at the hotel before a room was available. That was understandable. But when the room was available for check-in, they could not locate my luggage at the concierge desk, and they delivered the wrong luggage to my room. That certainly had me on edge. And the desk staff never once offered an apology.The complimentary coffee in the lobby for early-risers has disappeared. And at the current exchange rate, the breakfast buffet is obscenely expensive. Only someone on an expense account would consider paying that much for breakfast. A short walk down the street to Buon Gusto provides a &quot;full Engish&quot; for UK3.70.Except for the excellent location, I can no longer think of a reason to stay at the Crowne Plaza St. James. Especially at those prices.	
Nov 7 2007 	Oh boy what an adventure!	I've stayed at this hotel a few times in the past; each time the staff has been friendly and helpful. Upon check in late on a Friday night -- no guests were on line at the desk so I did not have to wait at all -- I asked for an upgrade and received one without question! That first night I was very tired and just stayed there, but the second night -- wow! I was laying in bed after a very long day sightseeing throughout London and was just about to fall asleep, when I heard a dripping sound from the sitting area. I got up to take a look and saw that the ceiling was leaking! Slowly at first, but then water started streaming through the ceiling in this area, plus through the light fixtures in the bathroom and over the mini-bar by the closet -- it turns out there was a major water main break in the area above my room. Needless to say I was worried about damage to my belongings and even the possibility of an electrical fire. The staff took very good care of me; they asked me to wait in the bar downstairs and have a complimentary drink until they could find a place to put me, then they moved me across the courtyard to a luxury apartment. This could have been a disaster, but due to the actions of the staff everything ended up OK.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great location	This was a very good, centrally located hotel, very close to St. James tube station. Checking in and out very quick. Clean medium sized room but with slightly to spongy matress. Stayed Friday night and when checked in realised that room overlooked a school at the rear, a bit noisy during the day but obviously very quiet sat morning. I have to say highlight of the stay was returning at night and just walking aroungd the central courtyard admiring the architecture of the hotel. You have to see it to understand. Would consider this hotel again for central london stays. Very close to westminster and buckingham palace so ideal for touring the sightsTrentEndRed	
Oct 7 2007	Luxury at it's Finest	This hotel is luxury at it's finest. A beautifully renovated old building, and the windows open! Spacious, quiet, pretty room with gorgeous bath. Staff was extremely accommodating, even delivered batteries for my sound machine when I was too jet-lagged to go out for them. The location is superb, walk right over to Buckingham Palace, a nice grocery store very close. I was there as a Priority Reward and was amazed at the wonderful room they gave me. Perfect hotel for a splurge.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good Location	The Hotel is in a great location and the room was comfortable, but the check-in was extremely slow and check-out even slower.The food was extremely expensive and not very good. Breakfast was a joke, with cold plates and luke warm food. Don't order toast because if it does eventually turn up the rest of the breakfast is stone cold.Staff generally had a very superior attitude and did not have a very welcoming manner.We will not be returning.Married couple from Leicestershire	
Sep 30 2007 	Scruffy	After being recommended the Crowne Plaza by a friend and also reading the reviews on tripadvisor, my friend and I were looking forward to a short break in London. Having stayed in Crowne Plaza's before were were expecting the room to be of similar standard. What a disappointment! Whilst the public rooms are pleasing the bedroom can only be described as dingy and shabby. Although the bed was clean, the carpet was stained and the furniture was old (although old can be tasteful - this was tacky) The room looked as if it should have been refurbished about 10 years ago. The bathroom had mildew on one wall and although 2 of us were sharing the room, the housekeeping must have expected us to share a bathrobe as they only left one. It is enough to say that if this bathroom was in my house it would have been pulled out years ago. I wouldn't return to this hotel.	
Sep 3 2007 	Average hotel no views comfortable bed	My daughter and I stayed here in August in room 0870. This is a standard room.First Impressions of hotel. Very crowded reception, dealing with incoming tour operators. Arrive at 3pm. I requested (a couple of weeks beforehand) a top floor room with a view. The room isn't ready. Told to come back at 4pm and concierge will store luggage. Go off until 430pm. Room still not ready - waited until 445 before obtaining room. Apparently someone had late check out, and then a chair was broken. Why should I be penalised for someone staying late? Reception large airy. Nice seating area for you to wait, and wait and wait.Room 0870 (I do think posters should try to give the room numbers of this place so visitors know the good from the bad rooms). OK, so you have to go through the courtyard to the spa area to access the room, but since the concierge is taking my suitcase I am not that bothered. Lift to accomodation is small/dingy, not a good sign. Corridor is OK, rasberry wallpaper (yuk!), but only 10 rooms on this floor so reasonably quiet. Room small, but two single beds managed to be pushed together. Clean linen/carpet/wall covering. Resurfaced furniture, but looks OK. Only one chair for the two of us, and a long bench in corridor. Bathroom the size of a cupboard, but large enough for a full length bath. Bathroom marble (see piccies). Room is both quiet and peaceful, and the view you can just make out the london eye. Air con works efficiently. Tea/coffee provided as is water on the first night (but not on second!).Restaurant. Sunday night very busy, waitors overwhelmed, little service, but apologies from maitre d'. Food good, not astonishing, but staple (ate from set menu). Set menu changed on Mondays so if you are in a package for a few nights the set menu will get repetitive (only 3 main courses). Desserts very good. Took 2.5 hours for a 3 course meal, which was far too long. On Monday night went in much earlier, and 3 courses in one hour, but waiters all knew we were going to the theatre.Breakfast. Appalling, the worst feature of the hotel. Monday morning 0915am no space in the restaurant, queue, lady asks if i would like to go to alternative restaurant, naively said yes. Taken to a windowless room, through the baggage store and up back stairs. Food not even warm, service lacking, no natural yogurt, no poached eggs. So second morning, as I had an inclusive package, went for room service. This was better, although I did note that they tried to charge me extra for natural yogurt/fresh fruit, but it miracuously disappeard by the time I checked out.I got a good package 2 nights for 242 pounds inclusive of VAT through their priority club points club. since one nights stay without VAT can be from 125 pounds without breakfast, I did well, so I thought I got a good deal, but I would not pay the rates quoted on their website for a room, you can get bigger/modern rooms with a bit of a view at victoria park plaza/the rubens/41 around the corner if you need to be in Victoria. If you want rooms overlooking Buck Palace, Rubens is great (although you do pay supplement, and rooms are quite small).Unless it was a good deal, I would probably not go here again.	
Aug 26 2007	great location	Just got back from a 3 night stay at this hotel - would definitely recommend this hotel for a trip to London. Its in a quiet location (seemed quiet to me in comparison to some hotels we passed!) but is only two minutes walk from St James Park tube station. Tip if you do stay there - there is an over-flow breakfast room on the first floor - much quieter, and instant service, rather than wait in the queue to get into the breakfast place next to reception. hotel staff that we met were all very helpful and friendly.	
Aug 20 2007 	Disappointing stay at the Crowne Plaza	Location of this hotel is fantastic - can walk to many London attractions. Unfortunately this is really the only good thing I can say about our stay. We went on a Theatre break and the first room we were given was very small with only a single bed in - so back down to reception. The room we actually stayed in was barely any bigger and my first impression was that it was scruffy, dingy and small - I expected better from a 4 star hotel. There was a lightbulb out, a rip in the bedspread, a stain on the chair and you couldn't read in bed as the lighting was inadequate. We also had numerous problems with the keycards to our room and so spent an awful lot of time up and down in the lifts - even after they gave us new cards they didn't work and we had to wait 15 minutes for someone to come to our room to let us in - having rung twice.Breakfast was also poor - the dining room was full so we were taken past the kitchens to another room. Some of the food was cold and the buffet was not kept topped up and we were not asked if we wanted anything different although some people obviously were. Overall very poor for a supposed 4 star hotel.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great Location	I traveled with my mother ,sister, and niece, we had 2 rooms one was smoking and one non smoking. Both rooms were great and we realy enjoyed our stay. Our rooms were clean, comfortable, both with nice views. Being a smoker I liked the fact the windows opened and there was a place to sit in the courtyard to smoke and enjoy my coffee. The food was great and the service excellent . We loved the courtyard, flowers, atmosphere and the fact it was so easy to get a cab to all the sights. I have recommened this great hotel to my friends who will be there in Sept./07.	
Aug 10 2007 	TERRIBLE	The hotel is in a good location but.... My family and I have stayed in three different rooms for three nights and room one was worse than the other. The only reason we did not leave was because there were eight of us (including five children) and most of the hotels in the area were sold out. The rooms were filthy! The carpets and furniture were stained and dirty. In one room my mother asked the management to remove two chairs from her room because they were filthy and she was afraid her grandchildren might sit on them. We hated to return to our rooms at night after a day of touring. This hotel is owned and managed by the Taj group and should not have a license to use the Crowne Plaza name!	
Jul 31 2007 	LIke the hotel and the location!	22 members of my family stayed at this hotel before and after we did a cruise out of Southampton. I liked this hotel - its obvious this hotel is used as part of a tour group as there is alot of people there - but I was very happy with my rooms. Both were large, clean and beds were very comfortable! Great locations - a block from a pub (love that!) and a block from Buckingham Palace. Would stay there again!	
Jul 23 2007 	dirty rooms; musty smell	I would have to agree with most of the other reviews; this hotel is badly in need of renovations, and lack of cleanliness was a real issue. The carpets and bed spread were filthy and looked worn, and the bed felt as if they'd put the box springs on top.There was also the sound of, what seemed to be a train or subway running through nearby every few minutes. Although the Crowne Plaza is very conveniently located, it was a real let down for the price, and I would not recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 22 2007 	Poor for the Price - Room a bit tatty	Stayed here for one night whilst attending a function nearby. We chose this hotel as it was literally 2 mins to St Stephens Club where we were attending the function.First impression was very good as the lobby is quite nice but I'm afraid the room left a little to be desired. having paiud @£140 B&amp;B for myself and having stayed at the Premier Travel Inn near Kings Cross with my family for £100 Travel Inns are much better and more modern.This room was tatty, overlooked the air con court yard with a constant buzz all night.Glad I had a few drinks and slept well!!!!	
Jul 17 2007 	Not great for Crown Plaza prices and standard.	Stayed here last week on Business, quite pricey even for London. Rate did not include breakfast or VAT. Room a bit tatty even a smell of paint with a dirty rag in the vent. The Bank Restaurant food was first class though. No views of London at all. Would not stay there again.	
Jul 8 2007 	Bad Check in Got Better.	We arrived to check in and they struggled to find our second night's booking. Finally they found the second night and we went up to the room. My hotel profile clearly states I do not stop in smoking rooms, yes, I was offerd a smoking room. I went down and asked to be moved and was placed into an apartment - so 10 /10 for customer service.As for the hotel, well the hotel booked me a resaurant, organised my luggage and was very helpful in everything they did.The hotel is in a great location and near to everything, I cannot comment about the food as we did not eat in the hotel.The acomodation was fantastic and would I go back - yes, if I could have the apartment again, but sadly I dont think I would be as lucky, but a nice hotel.	
Jun 26 2007 	It is in the Middle of everything	This hotel was excellent. There was a bit of a wait at check-in but they were very accomidating. This was my first trip to england and the hotel is what a traditional english hotel is supose to be. This hotel is only 2 blocks from st jamese park station so you are very close to everything. Buckinham palace is about 5 blocks away. For the price you pay for this hotel is so worth it you are in the middle of everything	
Jun 24 2007	Overpriced	As a first timer from the states I expected more. From check-in the problems started. Apparently the staff do not talk to each other as it took hours to get a bag delivered to a room. Even at that it was delivered to the wrong room. Ringing the front desk produced no results. The carpet was in need of replacing as it was raised in places causing a tripping hazard. The air conditioning was all but non-existent. The first day we arrived I had no face towels in my room. It must also be too much for the staff to deliver a newspaper to a room every day as well. The front desk person explained that they only get so many newspapers every day. So for over $300 a day you may or may not get a daily newspaper. That explains everything else.The only thing this hotel can claim is location. Rooms are large by european standards, as well as the baths. Nothing else will thrill the traveller.	
Jun 2 2007 	All front an no substance	The entrance and foyer were very beautiful. I have stayed in a lot of hotels and know this is usually a bad sign. Al front and no substance. We could not get a smoking room. We were getting married the next day but this was ignored. The room was a standard room, which was small, really for one, and had only one bathrobe and towels for one.The room was also tatty and worn. It also was dirtly. The most shocking thing was the corridors, which were dirty, and the carpet was worn and torn. This is just not what we expected at all.Even though we paid £280 for 2 nights breakfast was not includedI would give this hotel 3 out of 10Very expensive and in need of renovation.	
May 25 2007 	great stay at the Crown Plaza	We stayed at the Crown Plaza St. James in May of 2007.The staff was very friendly and helpful to us.Our room was well appointed and comfortable. On the downside the internet was terrible as the keyboard was not working properly. Coffee was said to be Starbucks in the cafe but must have been really watered down.The location is great for seeing the attractions.A bit pricey but what isn't over there.	
May 9 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed here in late April for 2 nights on rewards points. Great location near Buckingham Palace and was within easy walking distance of the Tube and Victoria Station. The room was much larger than expected and had a nice bathroom/shower. Furnishings were a bit outdated, but overall were in decent condition.Our room overlooked a paved schoolyard which was filled with kids in the afternoon and morning. This was no big deal, just would have rather had a room overlooking the hotel's courtyard as it was very nice. Did not eat or really spend much time at the hotel other than to sleep or change clothes, so we didn't have much interaction with staff or other amenities. Overall, I would stay here again.	
Apr 18 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We have vacationed in London many times and have stayed at many and varied hotels dotted around various parts of central London and we have come to the conclusion that for price, location and the rooms the Plaza will be our number one choice from now on. If you arrive from Gatwick the hotel is walkable from Victoria Station, there is a Sainsbury's supermarket just around the corner, some good local pubs and as it is in a semi-business district there are a wide selection of shops. Westminster and Trafalgar Square are close by so this hotel is in an excellent location for sightseeing.We stayed in room 524 is a good choice as it has a separate lounge area and an excellent bathroom	
Apr 8 2007 	Excellent Room Great Location Nice Service	Stayed at this location on March 20 for 2 nights as we choose London for the start of our honeymoon. The hotel is located some 5 minutes for the underground St. James Park station. Upon arrival you are greeted by the porters that took care of our luggage while we checked in. Because we arrived around 11 am our room was not ready, so we decided to scope the sorroundings. The area is mostly a business center, as we saw a lot of banks. Had lunch at a nearby pub Alberts. Several pubs around offer great food and spirits at decent prices. When we returned to the hotel to our surprise because they knew we were on our honeymoon our room was upgraded to a suite and they even sent us a bottle of champagne.The room was spectacular, had a separate lounge with a tv, nice closet area, big bathroom with lots of amenities. The air/heater worked perfectly.The front desk staff and concierge service where very helpful.At nearby Buckingham palace you can get several hop on/hop off bus tours to further enjoy the city.Hotel has several restaurants but we did not try them, all we had was breakfeast, which was just ok. We expected more but I guess they cook food a little bit different to what we are used to. Overall this was one of the best hotels we have stayed in.	
Apr 4 2007 	average	This hotel is in a really quiet location for the city centre which is means a decent sleep. The hotel itself was very quiet at night - again for me a major plus. Staff were good on the whole - lots of porters and front desk attention. Hotel standard was average - definitely not luxury- our 'superior room' was faded and a bit tired although quite spacious and clean. Overall the feeling everywhere apart from lobby was tired -torn carpets, marked walls. This may seem petty but adds to an overall feeling of being below a 'deluxe' standard. Breakfast was extremely expensive and not that great (e.g. scrambled eggs made from powder!!) Bistro 51 is okay for a quick dinner - attentive staff etc but a bit lacking in character/ atmosphere and pretty expensive. The local area is purely commercial although the Palace is a lovely 5-10minute walk away. This was a special occasion for us and friends had ordered a bottle of wine/ special message for our room which has yet to arrive. Also only one bathrobe supplied. Lots of little attention to detail missed which did not add to the experience.Not really worth the money any more.	
Mar 26 2007 	Great stay Great Hotel!	Stayed at the Crown Plaza St. James for a week in March 07. The hotel is in an excellent location, only a few hundred yards from Buckingham palace. We walked to most major tourist attractions in less than 30 minutes. It is a 15 minute walk to Victoria station, or a 5 minute walk to the underground at St James station. The area is not a &quot;happening&quot; area , so may not be appropriate for younger adults, But we (in our late 30's) enjoyed it because it was close to everthing, yet quite at night. We did not eat in the hotel or use any facilities at the hotel . We ate breakfast every morning as we headed out at Bon Gusto, just across the street to the left .Very good, quick food for just a few pounds. We also ate twice at Albert's pub just down the street to the right.the staff at the hotel was very nice, the concierge was helpfull, and the cleaning staff cleaned the room daily and left fresh towels and washclothes every day.We had a standard room with a view of a wall, but again we just slept in the room, we did not spend much time in the hotel during the day. In my opinon, most of the negatives have been very nitpicky, as our stay was very enjoyable.We booked our trip six months in advance through priceline.com, and the hotel was very affordable this way. I have no hesitency ranking this as a four star hotel.	
Mar 24 2007 	Great location but not a 4* hotel	Spent 7 nights in March '07 at this hotel. Location is great, close to Westminster Abbey, Buckingham palace, St James parc, etc. Initially after checking in got a small king bed room, that we've never spent a night in, moved to a more decent room after complaining. The hotel definetly needs some upgrades/refurbishment for the four stars it claims (I wouldn't give it more than max 3); it's amazing how much they're charging per night. Some drawbacks, air conditioning is set for either heating or cooling, no thermostat option, ended up having to open the window during the night (was too hot ), carpets worn out, chairs squeak [and creak] , elevators that may not work and that you'd have to wait for longer than usual, no free internet. On the bright site the bed was very comfortable, the staff was friendly and helpful, ie. they've provided us with a 220 to 110V transformer &amp; plug adapter! St. James's tube station is close by and it was safe walking to/from it at night.Breakfast wasn't included, but there are a few affordable places across the street and also a Sainsbury's grocery store is at a short walk down Victoria Street.	
Mar 22 2007	Great Location Great Service Great Time!	I recently traveled to Rome and spent a night in London at the Crowne Plaza St. James on the way home. Our rooms were large and the bathrooms gigantic by British standards. In addition, they were well appointed and supplied. The staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel offers just about every ammenity you may need. It was a great way to end our trip and relax before the long flight back to the States. I have only one minor criticism - the hotel is enourmous and it can be very difficult to find the way back to the lobby depending on the location of your room. Be sure to shop around for the best rate as this hotel offers some spectacular rates on well-known travel websites. Enjoy your trip!	
Mar 21 2007 	Fantastic breakfast!	This hotel is in a fantastic location for all London's sights. Our room was a standard twin but it was a nice size. The beds were comfy and the shower good. There is a lovely outside courtyard at the back of the hotel which you can sit in if it is warm enough. there is access to a fantastic spa and 3 restaurants on the premises. We ate in the french cafe style restaurant. The food was excellent . You had to pay typical London prices but it was worth it. We also had breakfast in our room which the most fantastic experience, like being in a film. They brought in a food warmer trolley which turned into a whole table to sit at. The food was still hot and of an excellent standard and variety. We only stayed for one night but we would definitely go back there again.	
Mar 5 2007 	Had a great stay!	We just returned from a 6 night stay at the St James. We were throughly satisfied with our stay. We booked through a Virgin Vacation package. After reading some of the previous reviews I was a little concerned but after our stay I wondered if some of these bad reviews were at another hotel!! Yes our room was not really spacious but it was lovely and we had the great view of the courtyard. It had an old English feel which I found charming. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our bed was also very comfortable--we later left for 3 days in Paris at the Hilton and the bed there was hard like sleeping on the floor compared with the one at the St. James. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and if we return to London would stay again.California USA	
Jan 24 2007	Beware of which room you book	Stayed in a well apointed 1 bed suite, but originally after checking in we were sent to a minuscule dark double room on first floor overlooking an airconditioning unit. It was so small you couldn't walk past the wardrobe when if it was open. The room and bathroom were not dirty, but both were old fashioned and fittings seemed poor quality. In a modest two star hotel, it would have been more than satisfactory, but unacceptable for a Crown Plaza. I don't know what category room it was but I recommend not booking the cheapest one. We were then moved to the comfortable suite, which was spacious, newly decorated and had everything we needed. I was struck that the public areas were very elegant, but the corridors in the two floors we saw were in need of refurbishment, even outside the door of our suite.	
Jan 23 2007	Excellent Hotel with niggling drawbacks	Excellent public rooms and snug bar area, large bedrooms well equipped, everything you would expect from a Hotel of this quality. It has old world charm, and the staff are always helpful. Some minor drawbacks however that leave you feeling that they could do better. A reservation amended for me by their staff had been lost although they did find me a room. A glass of wine ordered from reception at check in never arrived despite my being the only person at reception at the time. A complimentary morning newspaper offered by the Hotel not delivered, and the room was missing any information on their restaurants. Indeed the only information was how to order food in your room, particularly breakfast so I presumed they preferred not to see me. The bedroom carpet was somewhat past it's best and an interior door handle loose. Finally, something that always annoys me, all prices are quoted net of VAT so what seems a little bit steep becomes very much more so with 17.5% added.	
Jan 18 2007	Excellent Choice	We stayed for 14 nights and we loved this hotel! After booking through priceline, I called the hotel and mentioned that this was our honeymoon and requested a courtyard view. We ended up with probably the most spacious hotel room I have ever had! The air conditioning worked perfectly and was much appreciated. Also, when we came back from our first day out, we had champagne waiting for us - nice touch.My husband and I liked that the area was quieter in the evenings. If you want action and nightlife, this is not the area for you. It was practically deserted after 7pm. But the St. James's tube station is very nearby and we used that every day, no problems walking to/from it in the dark.Breakfast wasn't included in our deal, but there are two small places to eat right across the street and a short walk down Victoria Street is a Sainsbury's grocery store. They have a fresh fruit bar for a good price - we ate healthier here than at home.We would absolutely stay there again - we already miss it.	
Jan 8 2007 	Wonderful location wonderful service!	My husband and I with two adult children spent a delightful 6 nights at the hotel. The rooms were fine and any problem was immediately corrected (lack of washcloths,etc.). The hotel breakfast was included and was varied and very good. The staff was excellent at the desk, Bistro, and the concierge including the night we came in at 10:45 and were hungry--called and asked the nearby Pizza Express to stay open later. We were very pleased and found the location central to anything we wanted to see. This is not a luxury hotel but a very good one.	
Jan 7 2007 	not a bad pick	We stayed several times at this hotel, this time over New Year and found it quite pleasant. The room this time was nicely furnished, newer than the last ones, and had a spacious bathroom with window. The reception could be more efficient, since they had erroneously extended our stay by 6 days although we had booked it through a travel's agent last October. This resulted in a long wait until they had found us a new room with the correct dates. Breakfast is rather plain, the choice is limited and the quality pretty mediocre. There are no diet offers and the tea out of a thermos pitiful when one thinks of England as a tea drinking nation. The worst, however, was that they had put a credit guarantee of over 2,000 suisse francs on our credit card and forgot to cancel the amount when checking out, although everything had been pre-paid. This left us with an unusable credit card for the remaining days in London. As I said, better trained staff can be expected from a famous hotel chain. In comparison to other London hotels, however, not a bad pick.	
Dec 11 2006 	Great stay at the Crown Plaza	Spent the weekend in London and had a great stay at the Crown Plaza in St James.Easy to get to. Very close to Victoria main line and St James underground stations.Great location. Very close to Buckingham Palace, Houses of Parliament etc. etc.Good room, with nice view over beautiful courtyard.OK, it not cheap, but this is central London!!All in all a very pleasant stay.	
Nov 27 2006 	Check in for the most expensive Coke you’ll ever drink!	With its Victorian décor, this hotel looks great, internally and externally, and the location is ideal for business or sightseeing in the Westminster area. The rooms are comfortable and well-furnished – see photographs. The desk and chair are not however comfortable for any length of time if one is working with a laptop – indeed they are calculated to cause backache. Substitution of a castoring swivel-chair would make a big difference for any businessman wishing to work long hours in the room. The hotel is not however cheap and the staff, though not outright discourteous, are certainly not friendly. For all its aspirations to elegance, a rather nasty impression is given by the fact that this hotel promotes Blue Movies on its TV channels, raising doubts as to the tastes of some of the guests and ruling itself out – in this reviewer’s book at least - as somewhere that can be recommended to families. The cooked breakfast was excellent – but it would need to be at the price charged - and it would be even better if the staff learned to smile. The most amazing aspect of this hotel are however the Mini-Bar prices. Some examples are:275 ml can of Coke/Diet Coke /Fanta £ 3.80 ($7.36)500 ml bottle of Still Mineral Water £ 2.95 ($ 5.72). For interest I worked out the cost of a barrel of the stuff (159 litres), which translates to $1818, which is 30 times more expensive than Crude Oil at today’s price!Small container of Peanuts £3.50 – that’s $ 6.78 Other prices were comparable but I was not tempted by any of these delights, and I also gave the hotel’s restaurant a wide berth for dinner, reasoning that if prices were excessive in one area, they would be excessive elsewhere also.In short, this is a hotel with certain advantages, but the prices charged are not justified. When a comparison is made with hotels of equivalent standard in major cities in the United States it is hard to see how London can ever survive as a tourist destination.	
Nov 16 2006 	Curates Egg	I really like the St James having stayed there several times. However there are some caveats. Some of the bedrooms have really small beds. The aircon on the second floor seems to be ancient. other floors have more modern controls. A recent stay they charged my credit card twice- hours to unravel without an apology. This time it was two and a half hours before a suitable room was found. lots of staff who won't take responsibility and many with a poor command of English. The food is very expensive. Don't eat breakfast in the hotel go to the Italian cafe across the street. We had tea and toast for two and it cost £2.80.Don't let al this put you off. You can get some cheap rates and overall this is a nice hotel.	
Nov 14 2006 	Nothing grandiose about it	Don't be fooled by the grandiose lobby, this expensive hotel does not feel good value for money once in your room. I was diverted here from the Crown Plaza London City because of a similar problem experienced by 'elwoodchic'. The check in staff gave off a prententious air about them, and on check out day we were disturbed by Housekeeping at 9am (on a Sunday) and then again at 11.30 for staff to check the minibar. Both of which were uneccessary. The room was very small, with a view of the brick wall and the A/C fans. The bathroom was a 1980s brown, and the TV was from a similar era and obviously needed replacing. It just didn't feel like £155 worth of room.	
Oct 21 2006	Great location	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza St. James October 3rd for 3 nights.The hotel is located on a side street between Buckingham Palace and Victoria Street. Ideal location for the Gatwick Express train, only a 10 minute walk. This is a very old hotel, but quite cozy. The check in was quick and efficient with speedy luggage delivery. My room was actually located in a separate building across a courtyard. The room was small with slightly dated furnishings, but the bedspread and curtains were of a newer design. The room had a hair dryer and complimentary safety deposit box. The bathroom was quite comfortable with 2 robes, fluffy towels, a scale, makeup mirror and heated towel bar.There is only one elevator in this tower which was quite small, so I opted to use the stairs. I was on the 8th floor, which was the top floor, so I didn't experience any noise. There is a bar and an on site restaurant but I opted not to eat at the hotel because of the prices.The breakfast is 24 pounds which is quite ridiculous but you walk to any cafes and restaurants in the Victoria area.The Buckingham gate area is quite pretty in the daytime, you can enjoy the parks surrounding Buckingham Palace. I walked to Harrods from here, about 40 minutes on foot.The only suggestion that I would make for female travellers is to perhaps upgrade your room from standard. I think that the standard rooms were all located in the separate building so it did seem a bit creepy at night. One night I had a knock on my door about 9:00pm claiming to be maintanence but I refused to let him in. I contacted the front desk and they had not sent anyone up. It made me a bit nervous but the hotel room did have 2 additional safety locks on the room.Anyone can access this tower via the spa doors.Overall I enjoyed my stay here.	
Oct 20 2006 	Great Value Great Location Great Hotel	We were in London for 8-nights and chose Crown Plaza Saint James. We’re so glad that we did. The hotel is beautiful on the outside, has a very nice lobby, and the rooms are large and nicely furnished. The bathrooms are quite deluxe. The location is fantastic. We were three blocks from Buckingham Palace, Victoria Street, Westminster Abby, and the Houses of Parliament. Breakfast was provided with our room rate. The restaurant was nice and the food good. There are two really good Italian restaurants across the street from the hotel. I recommend Crown Plaza Saint James. Hotels are dreadfully expensive in London and “bargain” hotels tend to be dumps, Crown Plaza Saint James provides value, a very nice location, and a very nice hotel.	
Oct 16 2006 	Dreadful	We stayed at this hotel because our Insight Tour started from there the following morning.Arrived from a 24 hr flight from Australia to discover that the hotel did not have our booking, despite standing there with a confirmation in hand. Staff were not helpful and it took 2 hours for them to provide us with our room (7pm at night). The door to the room did not close so we could not lock the room.The next morning, as we were due to depart at 6.30am on the bus tour, there was no breakfast yet and we were provided with a box containing some stale bread and a piece of fruit, despite breakfast being included in the tariff.I would not recommend this hotel at all.	
Oct 7 2006 	Good location at a fair price	Stayed in a standard double with my husband. Booked thru a “name your price” option but only received less than $20 off per night from the regular internet price. Stayed 4 nights 3rd week of September 2006.Pros: Very nice &amp; clean, HUGE bathroom with decent water pressure. Bathroom was almost as large as the sleeping area and appeared to be updated recently. Had a working heated towel rack, which was a nice luxury. Had all necessary items in room: safe, refrigerated mini-bar, ironing board, hairdryer &amp; trouser press. A/C worked well in unseasonably warm late summer. 24-hour business center made it easy to keep in touch back home. Staff friendly &amp; efficient. Charming location: clean, relatively quiet &amp; felt safe walking in this area at night. Within a couple of blocks of the St. James underground terminal. Several pubs &amp; restaurants nearby. However, since this is basically a business area, most places close early with some closing as early as 5:30pm on weekend nights. Buffet breakfast was a little spendy, but worth it if you require a big, quality meal in the morning. There are cheaper breakfast options nearby, but I found that with the cheaper options, the quality in the meats (bacon &amp; sausage for full English breakfast) didn’t seem to taste as good – too salty. Also, if you were to add fruits, juices and other pastries to the breakfast, it would come out to be about the same. Good martinis in lounge and excellent to sip in courtyard when weather permits.Cons: Bed was not as comfortable as I’m used to, but I seemed to sleep fine regardless. Extremely grimy &amp; sooty lampshades, which seemed odd because everything else was pretty clean. Usually, I’m not one to notice something so minor as lampshades, but the condition of them were really quite horrendous. Since I did not stay in another hotel in the area during my stay, I can’t really comment on the value, but it seemed fair enough especially given the location. The rooms seriously need updating and if done so even just a little, this would be an excellent choice. Would consider staying here again or at least recommend.	
Oct 7 2006	Disappointing.......	First impressions of this hotel are good, it has an impressive look from the outside as does the lobby. Check in was quick and polite but not particularly friendly, as we found with most the staff we encountered, although a couple were. The corridors however are in desperate need of a refurb lending a somewhat shabby appearance! The room itself was OK, the bed small, no way a queen size as was stated, more like a standard 4'6&quot; and really not what you would expect from a Crown Plaza. Also slightly surprised by the use of sheets and blankets - I thought hotels had moved on to duvets! The bathroom was nice though and the shower great. One word about room service - WAY OVERPRICED! Eat out instead - theres loads of choice in London! Would choose Kensington Forum next time - more convenient and modern!	
Oct 4 2006 	Not as good as you might think...	I stayed here on a Friday and Saturday night in late September 2006 on business.Would I stay here again? Er, no.Why not? Well, at £179/night I thought that the carpets in the hallway really shouldn't be as tatty as they were (the foyer of course is spotless), that the elevators should actually work to save me lugging baggage and laptop up three flights of stairs, and that it ought to have some decent sound insulation between walls/windows, given that it's a 4 start hotel (allegedly). It does not.The man in the next room to me coughed, and I actually thought there was someone in the same room (I was in Room 315 in case you're interested). Noise travels down the hallways like you wouldn't believe, and if you're unfortunate enough (like me) to be situated on the front wall of the hotel facing the street, then you better pack earplugs if you plan on actually getting any sleep, because when the garbage men come round at whatever unearthly hour they did (on both nights that I stayed), you will get woken up when them empty 10,000 bottles (or what sounds like it) out of wherever it is they are emptying. A TraveLodge has better sound insulation.Oh, and my (male) business colleague and I shared a room - a delight (not). It was a twin, but the beds were close enough so that if he mistook me for his wife in the night, we'd have been in a lot of trouble.	
Sep 28 2006 	Loved It. Would stay there again. Great location very clean nice staff.	We stayed from 9/21 to 9/26 and enjoyed everyday. The staff was excellent and so helpful. The rooms were some of the cleanest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. The location is wonderful. On a scale of 1 to 10 I would rate this a 9. Next time we come to London we will stay here again and upgrade to a suite. Do not hesitate to stay at the Crowne Plaza you will not be disappointed.	
Aug 8 2006 	We Thought It Was Great	We had two rooms. Room 166 for my 13 yr old daughter and friend was a fabulous large room. Double bed, large bath, overlooked courtyard, clean and well decorated. My husband and I stayed in room 157, a bit smaller, double bed, overlooking courtyard, clean and with all amenities. We received good service from all employees, had tea out in the well maintained courtyard with great service. The hotel is in walking distance from Buckingham Palace and Westminster. We arrived at 10:00 and could not check in, but by 3:00 when we arrived back at the hotel after sight seeing, our bags were in the rooms. When we returned in the evening the girls room had been &quot;refreshed&quot; and the beds turned down. But for some reason our room did not get the same service. We did not eat breakfast in the hotel due to cost, but we found many coffee shops in the vicinity on our way to sights. I will definitely stay here again if I can get room 166. Only complaint...2 employee told us the cab ride to Gatwick was 30-45 minutes. It took one hour and 15 minutes so .....there was much nail biting the last 30 minutes of our trip.	
Jul 29 2006	What a Disappointment	Through priceline I booked Crowne Plaza London Saint James and though I was given a great deal--about half off the nearly $400/night room rate for this 4 star hotel. Once we were shown to our room, though, we were quite disappointed. Our room was a TINY corner room with a window that for the most part directly faced a brick wall. The bed was tiny--maybe a double bed but definately not a queen. The bathroom was nicely appointed (which was the only 4star aspect of this depressing little room). It is amazing that a place can get a 4 star rating when some of the rooms can be so much less than 4-star! We were in Paris just before London and stayed at this amazing 3 star hotel--so it was quite a contrast! If I had paid full price for this room, I would have been absolutely sick.Since we were only in London overnight, we wanted to make the most of our time by heading out as soon as we had checked in. We were told that our bags would be brought right up to our room so we waited and waited and waited. Finally we called to investigate where our bags were. They were finally delivered but we had to wait quite some time. Very frustrating.On the plus side, the hotel was in close proximity to the Victoria train station so we could quickly get there to catch the express to Gatwick. It was also within quick distance to the Eurostar.	
Jul 27 2006 	Great location but overpriced	I have stayed at this hotel several times, mainly because of its excellent location. Check in staff helpful, but a little stand offish. Standard room, but adequate. Nice and clean, and did not witness any of the &quot;dust&quot; described by other customers.Breakfast overpriced, would recommend using the little Italian cafe just outside the hotel. Great prices and quality and a -- sight cheaper than the hotel. (Turn left outside the hotel, about 50 metres down the road on the right had side).Overall, great location, but extremely expensive for what you get.	
Jul 20 2006 	Terrible place	We stayed in the room 422 for two days going from Europe back to USA. Try to avoid this room. It overlooks air conditioning duct, it is small and with the strong smell of mildew. Pity, I did not take the pictures, but I guess other will include them soon.When we complained about the smell they told us that they will come to refresh the room (which meant they sprayed it, but it did not change anything). Carpets in the halls were dirty and dusty, elevators very old. The only advantage: good location and decent breakfast. We had breakfast included in price - but if not it costs $36 per person. I wanted to access internet and had to pay $14 for 15 min. They sell the cards and it is not possible to use internet for 5 minutes.Summary: overpriced hotel in need of renovation or at least cleaning. Staff not very helpful. By the way, we were offered newspapers (usually complimentary), but then they included it on the bill. The first day we got it delivered, the second day they forgot it. Also they forgot to change towels in the bathroom. Fortunately, we stayed there only two days.	
Jul 13 2006	FREEKIN DUST BOWL!!! DUMPY [---] PIECE...HORRIBLE!	If you are a fan of DUST then this is your Hotel.I think the Hotel was built around the 1700's and I think the dust has stayed there since then.I could barely breathe and the carpet was a wreck. 4 stars...ha ya right!It was a disaster. The lobby looks all amazing so you are thinking to yourself this place is gonna be awsome! NO!!! It is such a [---] hole. The elevator must have been the first one ever made. Its like a death trap and I was on the very top floor and I think Henry the VIII was my roommate. Such a dusty dump. If you are best friends with dust then this is your place. Have they never heard of a vacum...Does Mr. Hoover not sell in those parts? Would buying and replacing the carpet be so bad?The furniture has dents and scrapes in it from I am guessing the time Keith Richards stayed there in the 70's and the carpet had stains..stains galore.Please dont stay here...for the love of GOD!Two fingers up	
Jul 9 2006	Enjoyed very much!	We stayed here for 2 nights after a Med cruise out of Rome. Having operated on Euros for two weeks we were fairly enured to the dollar exchange rate, but... this hotel really had us going into laughter with room service rates ... $32 for a hamburger! An excellent place to eat was at the end of Buckingham Gate from the palace ... The Albert. We absolutely loved it. The hotel was extremely quiet due to the extremely heavy door to our room. Location was great and would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 8 2006	Second visit disappointing	I stayed at this Hotel at the end of December and had a lovely room and a very nice experience.I liked the location, room was very nice close to the underground and nice neighborhood. It was down the street from Buckingham Palace, yet it was on a quiet street.When I decided I would start my 2 week vacation in late May in London I booked 3 nights at the hotel in February.I am also a priority club member which entitles me to an upgrade if available.Our room was not ready so they brought us coffee, nice start except that when we inquired after an hour if it was ready we were told it was not. Later found out it was the person never bothered to check.I was told this was the only room I could get since I wanted non smoking. The entire floor is non smoking and this was the only room.... It was tiny long and narrow ...the view was a wall. The TV was so old and small and far away from the bed you could barely hear it at normal volume.The Concierge was rarely able to answer any questions.On the plus side we ate dinner at the restaurant our last night and the food was excellent as was the service ...nice atmosphere and quite busy.	
Jun 1 2006	A Week on Holiday	My wife and I just returned from a great week in London. We loved the Crowne Plaza Hotel London - St. James. The room was a good size and well decorated. Yes, some parts of the hotel are showing some wear, but you have to look past that fo find the real beauty of this hotel. I really call this hotel A-MAZE-ING as I felt like I was working my way through a maze as we found our way to our room, but then, that's part of this hotel's charm. First I list THE POSITIVES--LOCATION, LOCATION LOCATION! So close to Buckingham Pallace, the Palace Museum and the Royal Mews. Within walking distance of Westminster Abbey, Parliament, Big Ben, the London Eye, St. James Park, Trafalger Square and Piccadilly Circus. Just a few minutes from the St. James Park Tube Station, which gives you access to the whole of London. Then the staff is VERY friendly and helpful.Next I list THE NEGATIVES, which are few. The cost of eating in the hotel can put some real stress on your budget, and STAY away from the MINI BAR. £2.95 for a mini can of Pringles is outrageous as is £for a full English breakfast. I suggest you go up to the corner of Petty France and BuckinghamGate to Bon Gustos Italian Resaurant. It's open for breakfast (an English breakfast for £3.95) and lunch only. For diggner try soem of the many local pubs. The Buckingham Arms or the Adam and Eve, both on Petty France. They both have GOOD food at reasonable prices. Another interesting pub is St Stephens Tavern just across the street from Big Ben where you can take your dring, go up stairs and think of the &quot;ghosts&quot; of members of Parliament who may have sat in that very spot plotting their plots.All in all,When we return to London we will certainly try to stay at the Crowne Plaza, St. James.	
May 21 2006	Loved the Crowne Plaza	My wife and I recently celebrated our 36th wedding anniversary at the Crowne Plaza Saint James in London. The location of this hotel is excellent (very close to major tourist attractions such as Buckinham Palace, Royal Mews, etc.), and it is situated very close to easy-to-access public transportation, i.e. bus and subway (tube). Our room was clean, spacious, and very comfortable. Throughout our stay, the hotel staff was very efficient and accommodating. The hotel is located in the heart of the government district of London, which meant that it became very quiet in the evenings and on weekends. Those searching for more &quot;night life&quot; would have to venture into the West End section, which is about a 15 minute walk.We booked this trip through American Airlines Vacations, which included a choice of hotels, as well as a variety of tours and amenitites. I tarvel often internationally on business, and I was very pleased with the choice of the Crowne Plaza. The room came with a full English breakfast each day, and we would highly recommend it. Although we did not eat any other meals in the hotel, there were several higher-end restaurants either in the hotel, or within easy walking distance. There are also several pubs within walking distance which served hearty &quot;pub grub&quot; at reasonable prices. All in all, a superb vacation at an excellent hotel.	
May 16 2006	Very nice hotel	Agree with the positive reviews here. My wife and I had a wonderful 4 night stay. They even allowed us to check in early (very early). Our room was 2nd floor on the back side of the hotel facing the schoolyard, which though at times was a little loud in the morning, it was also a quaint addition to a unique London experience. Room was clean, up-to-date, and roomy enough. We also liked the fact that the hotel was on a relatively quiet street and not situated next to countless other hotels. Yet, still just steps away from pubs, sights, etc.	
May 14 2006	A nice hotel	We recently stayed here for one night whilst seeing a show in the West End (15 minute walk). It is in a good location with a good chunk of your tourist spots in the very near vicinity - either by walking or through the nearby tube stations. I found all the staff i dealt with to be very proficient and helpful. Although the doorman seemed a little over keen to have my car key to valet park whilst i was trying to check in, (keener to get a tip i suspect) which was a little irratating. However, he was honest enough to find me a free parking space right outside the hotel (sat &amp; sun only), other wise the daily charge is £25 per day.The room we had was on the second floor, it was nice, clean and suited us just fine. It was bigger than some London hotel rooms i have been to before. Our view was of an office block, could have waved at the workers had it been midweek! We did notice occasional noise from the tube but it was otherwise very quite. The communal areas of the hotel were spotless and what i have come to expect from Crowne Plaza hotels.We didn't eat at the hotel, but the menus did look good. Although i would say the breakfast cost of £22 for a full english was ridiculously expensive. if you are not from the UK - this is extortionate!. Plenty of places nearby in Victoria where you can get brekkie for way less than £10.I have to pass comment like most others - THE MINI-BAR. I chuckle as i write this, that some one at the hotel could actually bring themselves to arrive at the prices they charged. (i did not use it). My favourites are the £1.50 for a packet of polo mints - 30 pence in the newsagents, £9.50 for a mini A-Z london map when written on the back is the shop price of £4.95!! All in all, a good value 4* hotel in a good location, just avoid the in-house charges	
Apr 25 2006	Four fun days!!	Stayed here in January. This is a very nice hotel close to everything to see in London. It is about 4-5 blocks to Westminster Abby/Thames River &amp; only about 2 long blocks to Buckingham Palace. Walk across Princess Diana Park and you're in Piccadilly Circus. I recommend eating at a little cafe called Cafe Concerto(Piccadilly Circus). Not too expensive.The cheescake was excellent. We also ate at Aberdeen Steak House(Piccadilly)Semi-expensive about $60 U.S. similar to Black Angus.While staying at this hotel, walk 1/2 block down the street to Bon Gusto(blue awning?). The concierge all know it and eat there. Very reasonable compared to the hotel restaurant which is pricey. Be prepared, the bacon is a thick slice of ham and the beans are baked beans. As for the hotel: it's huge!We had a long walk through hallways to get to our room. Very spacious although bed was low to the ground and two beds made into one. There was a school outside the window and the boys were pretty loud first thing in the a.m. The view from our room was not good. Only other city buildings and the brick wall of the next hotel.The bathroom had heated towel racks, never saw one before, worked nicley too. Plush bath robes.The concierge service was top notch,honest, and helpful 24/7. If you're going to Harrod's remember it closes early off season. You'll need 3-4 hrs to see most of it. Big as a city block. Don't walk to Tower/London Bridge from here!! Take the tube.	
Apr 19 2006	Easter in London	If you read the past 50 reviews of this hotel, they are all over the board. We ended up choosing this hotel after narrowing it down to a few select ones and then checking our Eyewitness/DK London travel book which highlights a few good hotels in each location (as we do with all our vacations..that series of books has never steered us wrong). This one was listed for the Westminster area and being a member of the Hol. Inn Priority Club, we decided to go with it. Mainly I think the difference between the previous good and bad reviews is where your room is located and which set of staff members you had! Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking the courtyard and was a standard room. I would say it was an average European sized room with a smallish but very clean and well kept bathroom. Water flow was great as were towels (just the right size and thickness). My first thought was that the bed was low to the ground but it was surprisingly comfortable as were the pillows-and I'm pretty hard to please...but of course, to each his own. Mini bar prices were freaking outrageous...more outrageous than usual minibar charges, but either youre an eat-from-the-mini-bar-person or youre not, so whatever. The room and halls were very quiet and thats coming from a person with near-bionic ears. The location from St James' tube stop was about 3 mins but Victoria was much further. Buckingham Palace is just down the street as is St James' park.... Westminster/Big Ben/London Eye are all within a 10-15 minutes EASY walk. I found the location great. Afterall, one hotel can't be near everything....The staff was hit or miss depending on what shift it was....same with concierge...either very helpful or very snooty. Something to improve upon would be attention to detail...they forgot at least one item on our room service tray every day and had to go back and retrieve it, but did so very kindly. Afternoon tea in the lobby was missing the sandwiches and we had to ask for them...minor things like that. We ate at 2 of the restaurants and were very pleased with taste/service/value. We did use the spa for one service and although the massage was excellent, it seemed no one staffed the front desk or knew how to do &quot;intake&quot; of their appointments. Like I said, very minor things. One thing that I considered minor but really could have been a problem if I were here for business is that they failed to give me a wakeup call on one day. The wake-up call button on the phone did not work so I had to call down to the front desk on most days to personally ask for a call. The other thing that bugged me was that the room service people were knocking on your door after an hour trying to pick up your tray...for one, there is a note on the tray stating the ext. you should call when you wish your tray to be picked up. And also, they ask before they leave the room what time they should come back for the tray and I always said at least 2 hours...Overall, we tend to stay at 4 star properties. While this is not the Ritz, its nothing to sneeze at and was actually a very good value. I would stay here again.	
Apr 6 2006	Girlie weekend!	Hotel was fab, staff were friendly, food was good (but a bit pricey) room was huge! Had a great weekend! Used the jacuzzi/spa which was very relaxing, too! Highly recommended, especially for the price.	
Mar 27 2006	a nozzle for the hoover	We had looked for a quality hotel near to victoria station and handy for the Vauxhall area of London. Having stayed many times at the Holiday Inn chain we thought we would give ourselves a treat by staying at their sister hotel chain Inter-Continental Group. We had read with enthusiasim Trip Advisor's readers' reviews and took note to ask for a room overlooking the courtyard. We had booked well in advance and specifically asked for the courtyard room and paid for a deluxe room with king size bed. The receptionist although courteous spoken broken English but this is to be expected within the capital. We duly showed her our printed confirmation receipt detailing exactly our requirements. Unfortunately the courtyard room was not available only a smoking room. We could try Saturday and we could move. We proceeded to our room then the shock - the room was dreadful, small dismal overlooking a playground and what appeared to be a bottling plant or brewery as there were crates upon crates of empty bottles. The room was number 169 which definitely did not have a king size bed or neither was this a deluxe room. We immediately asked for a transfer. We were assured this would be a lovely room. Mmmmmm on the 4th floor room 424 yes king size bed, lovely room? I think not. Overlooking an enormous air conditioning duct with rooms also overlooking into each other. The toilet seat was broken, the roller blinds (I believe may have been once white) were now consumed by dust the carpets certainly had seen better days, and why oh why dont cleaners use the nozzle belonging to their vacuum cleaner and get all the dust and muck from between skirting boards and the carpet edge. The complimentary bottle of water was numbered 1 and no more. Unlike the holiday inns where these are replaced daily. The tea and coffee were placed in a butter dish minus the biscuits - none were ever given. Word of warning stay away from the mini bar £5 for a Toblerone bar of chocolate. £3.50 for a 69p packet of pringles. Why dont these hotels charge sensible prices and then they may sell some of these goods. I pity help the foreign traveller who may not be able to convert our money.Saturday morning we decided to take advantage of the 'well equiped gym'. The equipment was sadly in need of replacing or a good overhaul. Whilst there the fire alarm went into continuous mode no-one came to see if we were safe, the reception for the gym being up a flight of stairs. After several minutes of this alarm ringing I went to investigate. Not a sound of this alarm could be heard by the reception. 'Oh is it going off again was the response' However the instructor did proceed with me to investigate however once half way back to the gym the arlarm stopped. Heaven help people if it was a really fire you certainly would be on your own.We are regular visitors to London 6-8 times a year to visit family. We will not be doing a repeat visit to this hotel.It may have been a rather swish hotel in its heyday but sadly it is just an overpriced dismisal hotel in need of a really good housekeeper to clean it.	
Mar 20 2006	Superb Weekend	Reading past reviews last year I think the Plaza have improved things. The staff were always attentive and the service was superb. Our room was upgraded to a superb suite overlooking the fountain and Bank restaurant. We could not fault anything. Two small technical issues was a TV (we had 2!) with a dodgy screen and one set of curtains were slightly difficult to close. But everything else was 100%. I hope everyone has the experience we had at St.James.	
Mar 9 2006	A Perfect Pick with Priceline Price	Kudos to the Crowne Plaza St. James for location and spacious rooms. We placed a bid of $120 USD on Priceline, which was accepted at this hotel. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from St. James Park Tube stop and within 5 minutes of Buckingham Palace, St. James Park, Westminster Abbey, and Big Ben. This area is dead on the weekends, but is a bit busier during the work week. The hotel lobby is impressive and the staff was attentive. Rooms, although dated, were spacious and had all amenities any traveler could need. For European hotels, the bathroom was quite large and bath robes and towel warmers were even provided. There is an adequate gym located in the basement of the hotel, which is available to guests free of charge. For a fee, Spa services are also available. Our only complaint about the services of the hotel was a rather inept concierge. He informed us he knew nothing about the Tube because he &quot;never rode it&quot; and was terrible with providing directions. As others have noted, ask for a courtyard view. You will have a rather dismal view of air conditioning units and brick walls if you don't have the court yard view. In short, for travelers with reasonable expectations from a four star hotel, the Crowne Plaze St. James will not disappoint. We would definitely stay there again!	
Feb 28 2006	Great location and Clean	We stayed here for 3 nights in Feb. The hotel is very centrally located. It is less than a five minute walk to Buckingham Palace and a little more than five minutes to Big Ben. The hotel was very clean and the staff seemed friendly. The free water, tea, coffee, and candy was a nice touch. The only complaint I have about the hotel was it was freezing in our room. I'm sure the issue is the result of the age and structure of the hotel. The hotel directions indicate that you should take the Underground to the St. James stop from Victoria Station. If you are willing to walk about 5 minutes you can save the 3 pounds on the subway!	
Feb 7 2006	Convenient location pleasant hotel	We stayed here during a brief visit to London in January, 2006. The location was terrific; we were within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, and the Thames and the London Eye. Both the Victoria and Green Park Tube stations are about a 10-minute walk from the hotel. The area is safe and quiet but lacks the abundance of restaurants and shops that are available in other areas. The lobby, as noted in other reviews, is quite nice. We found our room to be comfortable and sufficient for our needs, with a fairly roomy bathroom, by European hotel standards. Everything was clean and in good repair. The hotel employees generally responded to our requests quickly. While we found the hotel to be quiet, some noise from the hallways is audible in the rooms, so light sleepers might want to bring a set of earplugs. If possible, request a room overlooking the courtyard; these rooms have a lovely view, while others have more dismal views of building walls and rooftop equipment. Overall, we would certainly consider returning to this hotel on future trips to London.	
Dec 21 2005	Exceptional Service Fantastic Accommodation and Great Location	We have just returned from a weekend stay at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Buckingham Gate, 16th - 18th December. On booking I emailed the hotel to request an upgraded room as the stay was for a special occasion. On checking in I was told that we had indeed been upgraded to an executive room which would be free of charge, great start!! The room was spacious and airy with a separate sitting area and great views. One slight concern was the heating which did not seem capable of heating the room. We went out for a meal in the evening and returned to the room which was now even colder!! On contacting the reception we were told if we could re-pack we could be moved and further upgraded for our inconvenience. This time the small inconvenience of re-packing was rewarded by an apartment style suite with separate entrance, hallway, living room and enormous bedroom with a walk-in-wardrobe bigger than some hotel rooms I have stayed in!! During all of this the staff were fantastic, professional, friendly and always polite. With all of this added to a fabulous hotel, we had a marvellous stay and would recommend this hotel not only for its location (1 street away from Buckingham Palace and 2 minute walk from the Tube) but quality and truly great staff.	
Dec 21 2005	fantastic experience	We stayed at this hotel in Dec 2005, from the time wearrived in the taxi, to leaving in the taxi was amazing. We were met by the concierge who was very friendly who passed our luggage over to a young gentleman to take upto our rooms ,he also was very pleasant, we then booked in with the reception who werevery lovely, we enquired about an upgrade which they did kindly for us. when we reached our room it was beautiful looking over the courtyard at the back of the hotel, the bed was huge and very comfortable, the room had everything in it that we could ever want.I would say not to touch any of the goodies they have in the room, for instance a box of the ordinary size pringles were somthing like £6.50 which is pretty ridiculous, no fool would ever pay that kind of money!!! apart from that I must say we have been to london a few times and this hotel is the best yet.The beds were beautifully clean and fresh linen was put on daily, lovely!The food in the resturant was out of this world, every morning the breakfasts were laid out lovely, with so much choice, definitely worth every penny.The hotel is situated in a very convenient area, we found we could walk everywhere to the big named shops etc.I think this hotel is great!I read reviews on the trip advisor and was alittle put off, but I think you need to check it out for yourselves.BRILLIANT!!!!!	
Nov 17 2005	ok	Stayed in this hotel for one night during a weekend break to London for my husband's fortieth birthday. Room only.Booked it via Priceline auction site, so put in a bid to spend no more than £80 at a 4 star in Westminster and this is the hotel that accepted our bid.Check in staff were very helpful and efficient.Room was ok if a little dated, bathroom could definatley do with re-grouting.Got awoken by the maid at 9am on the Sunday morning who came into our room (after knocking) but quickly apologised and left.I suppose we should have put our DND sign out the night before although on check-out day I have never been bothered by an eager maid before, I suppose she may have had the wrong room number and I didn't complain, but I was a little hacked off, my only lie in of the week after a very late night.Had a great weekend though and we didn't use any of the hotel facilities as we were out and about so much. The location was great for this trip as we wanted to stay by the palace.	
Nov 8 2005 	Bland Unremarkable	The Crowne Plaza St. James is a serviceable chain hotel. The lobby is rather grand, but my room was small and unremarkable. (Unremarkable except for one fact...I never knew there were so many shades of beige!) During my stay, one of the two lobby elevators was slated for repair, which made for a long wait. My window faced a British schoolyard, so--despite jet-lag--I was awakened early each morning by the sound of children at recess. Service at the breakfast buffet was lackluster at best; I had to refill my own coffee cup three times, and my presence went largely unnoticed by the wait staff. This particular hotel seems to be extremely popular with large bus tours; the lobby was always full of giant tourist groups, and seas of luggage. If you're used to standard issue chain hotels, this one's probably fine. But if you long for something more unique, truer to the local culture, and with a heightened sense of service, luxury and hospitality, then you'll be disgruntled. (And despite the ostensible lure of the location--a mere block from Buckingham Palace--the surrounding neighborhood is actually somewhat inconvenient, and a bit of a bore.)	
Oct 28 2005	Good hotel bad mangers	I stayed in the hotel ealier this month, being a priority club ambassador member, I get upgrade to a better room at Intercontinental and sometimes at crown plaza, stayed there last Dec and was upgraded to a suite. this time I checked with them the night before arriving and I was told that they book me an upgrade, but to my surprise they changed their mind. to make things worse, I found in the bathroom the cleaner cloths on the towels with a dirty tissue hanging of it. I took it down to the manager at reception, he just asked is the room clean, and that was it. I had to ask later for the towels to be changed. other than that, the location is great, few min from buckingham palace, few min from Tube station, and less than 10 min walk from victoria and westminster. rooms are ok in size but little old,need to be renewed. the bar at the hotel is great esp week-end.so if you want bed and breakfast for an expensive price, go to this hotel otherwise try somewhere else, as this one by no means high class service	
Oct 27 2005	Great Location.	Stayed here 5 nights. The Crowne Plaza has a great location. It's 1 1/2 blocks from Buckingham Palace &amp; St. James tube station and approx 4 blocks to Parliament. The hotel was as you would expect for a Crowne Plaza with good size rooms and a nice bathroom. We had a small balcony that looked out onto the interior courtyard and the room was nice and quiet. There were 2 things that were not great about this hotel: 1. It was in a business district, so not too many restaurants or night life near by, but you can always take a bus or taxi to find something.2. The conceierge was not very helpful when asking questions about recommendations on how to get to places or where to eat nearby. These were very minor things as we were out most of the time seeing the sights. Overall it was a good hotel.	
Oct 26 2005	Disappointing for Crowne Plaza	My husband &amp; I stayed here on points for 2 nights to attend a wedding. Honestly the staff was very nice &amp; accomodating. We were shown to our room several hours before check-in as requested &amp; upgraded. Although everything was comfortable &amp; clean, I would have been very disappointed had we been paying for what we got. The floors &amp; guestrooms are in serious need of renovation. There are many features that were clearly trendy in the 1970's that have not been changed since. The drapes &amp; carpeting needed a good cleaning or to be replaced. The bathroom's vanity was made of a terracotta-colored molded plastic &amp; the shower/tub combo had a very low ceiling in comparision to the rest of the bathroom.The staff was great, the valet manager let us park our rental car on the street with the other valet cars for no charge &amp; whenever we needed something, there was no hesitation on the front desk's part. But as far as luxurious furnishings, it needs to come into the 21st Century.N.B. There was a small fire the morning that we left &amp; everyone was directed down the street. Although we never really found out what happened, we were allowed back into the hotel very quickly &amp; the bar area was wet &amp; smelled like smoke.	
Oct 23 2005	First Class Hotel? - No way!	My husband and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza in September for 6 nights. We paid for a superior room and were pleased with the size and furnishings. The temperature in the room was over 80 degrees [I know, unheard of in London] and although there was air conditioning, it did not work. We reported this and several different people came to the room apparently trying to fix it. Frankly I don't think it ever worked. As my husband had injured his foot and was unable to walk we stayed in this extemely hot room for 1 1/2 days without any attempt made by the management to change us to a different location. At the end I got so irate that they agreed to move us. The new room was unacceptable as we had asked for a twin and this was a double. So we started all over again and finally were given a twin that was O.K. A first class hotel, which is their claim, would have given us another room immediately. We would never stay there again. There are many other hotels in the same price range where the management really looks after its patrons.	
Oct 21 2005	outstanding care-food and service	my wife and i stayed here for more than three weeks because of my accident. THE care and service they gave us during this time and also to our visiting two sons from MONTREAL CANADA was outstanding and for that we thank you very very much. WHEN we return to LONDON and we will the CROWNE PLAZA HOTEL-ST. JAMES will be our home away from home for sure. THANK you again for a great vacation. BRYAN and SHIRLEY NIX.	
Oct 15 2005 	I almost stayed!	I stay in London a lot on business; usually at one of several favourites. I always check that there is broadband access before booking as I need to be connected to work. I decided to have a change and having made the broadband checks, I booked my room. I checked in and found that their reservations system had booked me in THREE times. OK, this was sorted and refunds made for the two extra rooms. Not good nonetheless.The room I was shown was fine. Nothing special for a Crown Plaza, but adequate. Except that it had no broadband access! So I call and they find me another room just down the corridor. Well, I thought I was in a different hotel! The bed was so worn it was almost on the floor below; the general appearance was shabby to be polite, the bathroom was tiny. BUT it did have broadband! So I connect up only to find that and evenings work on the net is going to cost me £27! This is twice the usual rate for broadband in London hotels. I called one of my regular hotels, booked a room and left the Crown Plaza and I wont be going back.I did speak with the duty manager on the way out and let him know of my disappointment. He offered to find me another room (the third) but as the internet access was still going to be £27, I declined. Bid him farewell and headed for the Mandeville where internet is only £12!I did speak with the duty manager on the way out and let him know of my disappointment. He offered to find me another room (the third) but as the internet access was still going to be £27, I declined. Bid him farewell and headed for the Mandaville where internet is only £12!	
Sep 19 2005 	Not up to par	First, the good. The location of this hotel is fantastic; if you are reasonably athletic, you can walk to nearly any tourist attraction in London from this hotel. Yes, Buckingham Palace is just up the street, but you can also walk to Piccadilly Circus, Bond St. shopping, Harrods, and even the West End from here. Also, road noise is very minimal, since it's located on a very quiet side street (surrounded by foreign embassies, FYI).I really don't like giving negative reviews to hotels, especially since this particular one seems to be a favorite among the other reviewers here, but quite honestly I expected a lot more. And this isn't me being a naive American either; I actually prefer the small, efficient, clinically clean hotel rooms that I'm used to seeing in Europe...it's just that's not what I got at the Crowne Plaza St. James.First impressions are very good. The lobby is spacious, well decorated, and easy to navigate. A quick peak inside the adjoining restaurants reveals a clean environment and pleased-looking patrons. But from here it goes downhill; for starters, the check-in staff was quite rude, more so than I've seen at any other Priority Club hotel in Europe or America. The elevator up to our room creaked and strained terribly, and even seemed to slip once or twice; certainly not very confidence-inspiring. And although the hallways on our floor were beautifully decorated with framed artwork and Victorianesque lighting and wallpaper, the room itself was old and tired-looking.The furniture was scuffed, the curtains were fading. The double-bed (the equivalent to &quot;full&quot; in America) was springy and clad in rough-feeling sheets and a blanket of questionable cleanliness. Also, bizarrely, it seemed to have been designed for midgets, as the bed and box spring were sitting on the floor, with no bedframe whatsoever. I would imagine that physically disabled individuals would find it very difficult to get into or out of this bed.The bathroom was adequate, although the shower head was quite nice. The room itself had a view of an adjacent brick wall. When we called down to check-in to see if we could request a different room, we were told that we had ALREADY been upgraded (?) to a Superior Room and that there were no other rooms available. I would hate to see what a Standard Room looks like...The odd part is that my brother-in-law, who was traveling in my party at the time, ALSO ended up in a Superior Room, except that his was over twice the size of ours (almost a suite), looked out over a gorgeous courtyard, and had an enormous bathroom with a bay window and dual vanity. The front desk, however, insisted that both of our rooms were the same room class and that there was nothing they could do about it.Quite honestly, you can get better rooms and better service at Express by Holiday Inn, for half the price. This hotel, judging by my experience, isn't worthy of the &quot;Crowne Plaza&quot; name, to say nothing of the prices they charge.	
Sep 14 2005	It got better!	As a couple we stayed for a single night in August 2005 deciding to try this hotel instead of our usual London pads.Despite the grand entrance foyer, the first impressions were disappointing as although Priority Club Platinum Members we couldn't check in at Noon as they didn't have a room available. When we returned later found we had been allocated a basic room (least hope it wasn't a higher standard) but by then didn't have time to change rooms before an evening engagement.Room was overlooking the nice quiet courtyard but the bathroom was the smallest ever seen and we had to take turns to use the one chair in the room (even though it was booked and set out as a double room). Furnishings were fine but nothing outstanding.Still we had a comfortable and peaceful night and my wife enjoyed the use of the room the next day until early afternoon (so we just about got our 22 hours out of the day). Bell staff looked after our bag well without fuss and we really enjoyed the happy hour cocktails in the Courtyard Bar before catching our evening train.The location is quite central but really best for those with business in Whitehall. It is a bit out of the way from most of the theatres and many of the tourist attractions as the nearest tube is on the District and Circle Line and the bus services from nearby Victoria Street serve a limited number of destinations - so for most places two buses or a change of tube is required or walk 15 minutes to Victoria Station. Buck House and Houses of Parliament are however walkable in about the same time.Would we go back? We might, but probably not. More likely to use the Courtyard Bar or the Restuarant or Bistro and stay elsewhere.The major gripe is that despite it being contrary to the Sale of Goods Act, the Holiday Inn website insists on quoting a VAT exclusive price for this and a limited number of other Holiday Inn hotels in London. So watch out you don't get charged 17.5% more than you expected. If you are misled by this, the Trading Standards department of Westminster City Council is just round the corner!	
Sep 13 2005	Another enthusiastic thumbs-up!	Storms coming thru here, so the detailed review I just finished composing has been lost. So - fewer details this time around. Plainly and simply - we were very, very pleased!! Great bathroom, plumbing, tub, towels. Comfy bed heaped with pillows. Excellent location, along with proximity to the Victoria Rd. bus lines, there was also plentiful shopping and a Sainsbury supermarket about a two minute shortcut trot from the hotel. Set on a fairly quiet street (tho near to New Scotland Yard, so there are occasional siren wails - but that's part of being in a city, isn't it?)We had three huge windows that, while they did not offer a courtyard or scenic view, did open (a big plus with us) and let the light stream in. Street noise was negligible. And it appeared that most windows on the courtyard side had been retrofitted and were a good deal smaller. Courtyard was delightful. Lush landscaping and a bubbling fountain.Would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 9 2005	We Absolutely Loved This Hotel!!!	For our 17 year wedding anniversary, my wife and I treated ourself to a trip to London. We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in August 2005.Upon our arrival we were upgraded to a suite with a beautiful courtyard view and a complimentary bottle of champagne. We were also permitted to check in early at 9:30 am.The room was wonderful with everything we needed. I couldn't figure out how to operate the safe in the closet, so I called the reception desk and someone came to our room to help within 5 minutes.The room was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was spotless. The entire staff was extremelly friendly, courteous, and helpful. The breakfast buffet was excellent with eggs, sausage, bacon, mushrooms, beans, juices, breads, cheeses, cereals, fruits, cold cuts,pastries, etc. The location of the hotel is great.It's a short 10 minute walk from Victoria Station and a 3 minute walk from the St. James tube (subway) stop. But we travelled around mostly by bus. There's a bus stop right around the corner on Victoria Street only 2 minutes away which would take us to just about anyplace in London.Again, great hotel, great service, great location. We couldn't ask for anything better.Highly recommended and we definately will return soon.	
Aug 23 2005	Great Hotel Great Rooms Great Location	We had a great stay from Aug 15-20. As other people have noted, there is a smoking area in the lobby and as a result a slight smell of smoke is evident when entering the lobby. But, that was the biggest negative. We had 2 rooms on the second floor with twin beds that were pushed together. The rooms were identical and were about 12 by 15 feet and had nice furnishings that were in very good condition. The service was very good. There were a couple of worn spots on the hallway carpets, but otherwise every thing was in excellant condition. The room was booked via Cunard and therefore they would not give me Priority Points , but I did get a daily news paper and free local phone calls. The charge to call the local 0800 number for MCI was 1.50 pounds. The included buffet breakfast was adequate, but was more limited than I have previously had in the UK. (only hot items were: scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, hash browns, beans, there was also a few sliced meats, a few selections of fruit and pastries plus juices and coffee and tea). The location is excellent and we walked through St James park several times to various central london locations. When we took a cab, most locations were 6- 8 pounds including tip. Overal we had an excellent stay and would stay here again.	
Aug 16 2005	Beautiful hotel but rooms need improvement	We booked our citytrip through Thomas Cook Belgium which has the Crowne Plaza St James ranked as their n°1 hotel in London.Obviously the location of the hotel , the lobby, the upscale restaurants (Bank, Zander, Bistro 51,...)and the welnesscenter are all worth the 4 stars.The rooms on the other side need to be remodeled if they want to keep up the high standards. We upgraded two times (from standard to superior to deluxe) before we had a little bit that 4 star feeling. And even in the deluxe room, the bathroom looks like your worst nightmare bathroom (DIY for beginners...).All by all we would possibly return to the Crowne Plaza St James for their F&amp;B, friendly staff and the good feeling we had about the hotel itself.	
Jul 6 2005	Great	Great Location, staff was very friendly and helpful. Beautiful rooms. Go to the Banks restraurant great food, ask for Emma. Highly recommend this Hotel.	
Jun 14 2005	Great Hotel top Location mosty good staff.	I stayed at the crowne from a friday to sunday.all in all i thought the hotel was great in my opinion,the room was very clean very roomy and an ideal location within minutes of the sights of london, probably 2 mins walk to the palace,also try to get a courtyard view.I would of given the hotel an excellent rating apart from the odd thing, when arriving I was wearing tracksuits bottoms and trainers just so I would be comfortable on the drive down, upon entering the hotel the gentleman at the concierge desk looked me up and down as if I was something he had stood in and totally ignored me ,had I not been with my family I would have confronted him as I was a little annoyed to say the least,Although the attendant who helped me to the car park was nothing but charming and courteous and a credit to the hotel.The reception staff were also first class.I have stayed at many quality hotels in London, hotel 41,Draycott hotel, and believe this hotel with a little more thought could be just as good for a lot less £.I would stay again without doubt.	
May 9 2005	Location location location	Lovely, friendly hotel with an American bent. You'll appreciate the plumbing, I guarantee it. After traveling extensively in the UK this hotel is above average and with the two &quot;bars&quot; and wonderful restaurants it's a sure bet we'll be staying again. Location is ideal, you can walk everywhere and the tube is steps away. Safe and secure. I recommend it highly.	
May 7 2005 	Will Not Stay There Again	Checked in at 9 PM to a small room with a window facing a brick wall with an HVAC unit outside, pretty noisy. The room was very hot, the AC did not work. I went down to the desk &amp; asked if they could look at it while I grabbed a bite to eat. Came back &amp; they opened my window, still no AC, to the crappy brick wall &amp; noise!The room had no hand towels as I disovered at 11:30PM!!You will need to wait for an elevator, only 2 with 1 working and it stops at every floor going up or down!!!Next day I complained &amp; got a beautiful room with a view.OK hotel, convenient to Buckingham Palace	
Apr 14 2005	Visit of London	Our family of three stayed her for two seperate nights-Sat. March 26th and Friday April 2nd. Our first overnight was great. They were very helpful and breakfast we just wonderful! The location of the hotel is super-a 5 minute walk to Buckingham Palace and a 10 -15 minute walk to the Thames. Our 2nd night, however, was a bit different. Our key would not work in the door, we had to walk to the front desk-not a short walk as the hotel is in an interesting shape-there was a problem with the lock, so my family left the hotel for over 8 hours to sightsee. When we returned, our door was fixed, but we found out that we had no cold water-only scalding hot! Called the front desk and someone was to come up right away-15 minutes went by-finally called back down to ask for another room -we were giving that, but decided that we had too much to carry to another room, especially since it was close to 9pm. Asked for a discount on the room-after management was rude and tried to put the blame on us for the key not intially working!-management said that they would need to check into that-they called back and said, &quot;Yes, we will give you a 30 % room discount.&quot; Perfect-we thought. Got down to breakfast in the am only to discover that they would not allow us to have the &quot;breakfast included in you room rate&quot; deal that we had made prior to coming! Talked to management again-no, not included in your room price-luckily I pushed and they finally included it. Very nice. I had a copy of the original confirmation in our room that said b-fast was included. Also, upon checkout, the door man insisted on carrying our bags back into the hotel while we waited for our taxi-once the taxi arrived the doorman tried to scam 10 pounds out of the taxi driver for a tip! Anyway, LOVED the location, Loved the breakfast, Loved that they gave us a discount on our room, but did not love the scamming, nor the difficulties to get into a room, take a bath, etc.	
Mar 20 2005	Not a 4-star experience/Watch your luggage	I traveled to London with a study abroad group of graduate students in March of 05. We stayed several nights, went to France, and then returned to the hotel for one more night before flying home. Unfortunately, I did not have positive experiences with this hotel. I felt that, for a 4 star hotel, the front desk staff was incredibly rude and to top it off one of my friends had his laptop stolen right from the hotel lobby. First, a little about the hotel: The location is fantastic; it is walking distance to Westminster Abbey and Buckingham Palace. Rooms vary widely in terms of size and distance from the elevator. We stayed at the hotel two separate times, and one time we had an &quot;upgraded&quot; big room near the elevator and another time we had a tiny room buried in some corner of the hotel. The small room had a lovely view of the courtyard. The big room had a view of other hotel rooms. The furniture in the hotel rooms was nice. The lobby is beautiful but does smell like smoke. If you don't smoke, make sure to get on a non-smoking floor because all the other rooms reek of smoke. Breakfast was included in my package, and I found it to be okay. Service in the dining room was good. We did ask for a room with two beds and received a room in which the beds were zipped together. Housekeeping unzipped them for us and moved them apart. We arrived at our rooms a little early, around noon, and the hotel generously checked us in early. When I keyed into my room, there was a man in it and the smell of furniture solvent emanating from the room about knocked me over. The man explained he was repairing the finish on the furniture and the room was supposed to be empty. He said it wasn't his fault and left. I was jetlagged, and all I really wanted was a nap in a room that wasn't full of toxic fumes. We called the desk and asked for a different room on account of the strong smell of furniture solvent. The desk told us what we smelled was not furniture solvent, but a lavender smell from the inserts from the drawers. I explained it was not the lavender, it was furniture solvent, and then was told it was a &quot;normal&quot; furniture polish smell in the room. The (rude) woman wanted me to wait in the room for who-knows-how-long until they could find us a different room. The air in the room was completely unbreathable, so my roommate and I waited in the hall for a couple minutes and then hauled our luggage back down to the lobby to wait for a room. They did find us another room, but not before the woman at the front desk told us our noses were &quot;overly&quot; sensitive to a &quot;normal&quot; furniture polish smell. At that last comment, if I had not been staying with a group, my response to this woman would have been to immediately take my business elsewhere.Our last night in Europe, we checked in to the hotel around 10:30pm. My friend's laptop was stolen right from the lobby as he checked in by a man and a woman working together. We found this out after the hotel reviewed the security tape. The hotel said it was &quot;the start of the season.&quot; The hotel did buy my friend a drink at the hotel bar. The morning I was preparing to leave, I had no British pounds but desperately wanted a bottle of water. I tried to buy water from the hotel gift shop but I was not allowed to charge it to my room. I was not allowed to charge it to my credit card, either, because the woman was &quot;new&quot; and did not know how to do credit card sales. She couldn't fetch anyone who could do them, either.I would not recommend this hotel for leisure travelers and I would not return to it.	
Mar 18 2005	51 Buckingham Gate	I'm not sure how to do this - as I don't want to write a review for the Crowne Plaza itself - instead for its suites located next door at 51 Buckingham Gate. We recieved an incredible deal for a 1 bedroom suite for a week in London. The bathroom was incredible - huge separate garden tub, shower, fantastic full size molton brown toiletries. the kitchen was well appointed and the washing machine a bonus (for those of us who are used to handwashing our gym clothes). cd player. dvd player. sitting area. television in both bedroom and living room. high sppeed internet and a gym. all amenities and everything modern and serene. I look back at our week spent here so fondly - it was a like a home away from home. Go to http://www.51buckinghamgate.com to book ...	
Feb 1 2005	Location Location Location	The entrance and lobby are impressive.....polished dark wood, marble, comfy lounge sofas.The rooms a a little less modern than anticipated after seeing the lobby (as I usually like modern hotels), although my mother described it as quaint English style - so if thats what you are after you may like it. It has everything you need, and is spotless, but it was maybe a little too 'English' for my liking. A bit frilly.One plus was that our standard room no. 558 had a door opening onto a balcony, where we overlooked the pretty central courtyard with fountain. I imagine on a summers day this would be lovely.The bathroom is spotless, marble, with great shower. In comparison with my parents rooms next door, our bathroom was smaller but the bedroom bigger, and vice versa for my parents. I personally didn't class the room as small at all. There was a lounge chair, coffee table, 2 bedside tables, a desk, TV with about 10 channels, and mirrored bar alcove, with plenty of room for the 2 of us.The hotel apparently has a gym, although because we were only there one night we didn't use it. There is also a sauna and jacuzzi but no pool. Also within the hotel are 3 restaurants, and 2 bars. The bar we have visited many times before on previous trips is Zanders, which has the longest bar in Europe. Expect to pay a good 20 for a round, the same applies to the Hampton bar inside the hotel, where a Baileys, 2 whisky &amp; Cokes and a Mai Tai cocktail were 28.Victoria tube station was baout 5-7 mins walks, past several cafes, cash points and if you must, a Mcdonalds &amp; Burger King - all around the Victoria area.St James Park tube station is closer, although we didn't use that one.The best thing for me was the location. It's not too far from the tube, it's on Buckingham gate which always feels very 'London' to me, and you are only 2 mins walk from the Queens house so that can't be bad. I prefer this sort of location rather than being smack bang in the middle of Picadilly. One of the best parts was getting off at Green Park tube station, and walking through the park, past the palace and then to the hotel, in total only a 15 minute walk.As a general rule, I really woulnd't worry which area of London you stay in, as long as it's relatively safe, and you are near a tube station, then you are sorted. Although I'd recommend the Crowne Plaza St James - just don't expect the world.	
Jan 30 2005	Very nice hotel will stay again	My husband and I stayed here this past New Year's Eve and had a great time. The room was very clean and well appointed. The marble bath room was very large (for Europe) with amazingly soft bath towels and personal robes with a towel warmer. The room had a great heating system with an electronic thermostat. The included-buffet breakfast was very filling and had a nice variety of cold and cooked foods. The concierge gave us great tips on where to go and how to beat the crowds, especially on New Year's Eve. You can not beat the location, St. James station is across the street and Buckingham Palace is around the corner. Westminster Abbey is also a short walking distance.My only complaint was the view. We stared at an empty lot filled with loud vagrants. I tried to get a garden view, but the hotel was completely booked. They claimed there was nothing they could do.If you want a hotel that is safe, clean, with very large rooms and in a great location this is the hotel for you. You will definitely find cheaper hotels, but this hotel guarantees a wonderful vacation. Just make sure you ask for a garden view!	
Jan 26 2005	Pleasant stay very convenient location	I stayed in a room with a king-sized bed. (I assume it was a &quot;deluxe&quot; or &quot;superior&quot; designation, but I am not sure because it was part of a package.) The room was spacious, and overlooked a beautiful courtyard. The hotel has at leat 8 floors... I recommend a high floor with the courtyard view. The baths were modern and very nice. The staff were quite accomodating and helpful and the location is PERFECT. Very close to almost all major tourist destinations.Unfortunately, I didn't get to the health club, but heard from a friend who used the facilities that was great, too. I recommend this hotel. I enjoyed it. p.s. The full breakfast buffet is extremely large and filling!	
Dec 27 2004	Entrance main Lobby stunk always with smokers toxic fumes	Got a nonsmoking room but apparently in UK it is OK to subject people to it in their main lobby. It was like a pub. Awful. Had to run through it and hold breath. Huge lobby. They had a nonsmoking sign at the check-in desk. What a joke. Those poor employees who chose not to smoke are smoking everyday and every hour. Will never return even if it is a nice old hotel in good location. Expense. London has lots of hotels to choose from and we stayed one night in early December 04. Due to my husband having conference in the east end we moved to the Holiday Inn Express which did not have this smokers section problem in the lobby as it was small. And was not a Crowne Plaza but was extremely clean and well taken care of. The Indian restaurant next door to Crowe Plaza St. James is excellent and voted best in London. We agree.	
Dec 9 2004	Dirty room and poor service. Stay somewhere else!	I booked into the Crowne Plaze St James's for a one night stay in December 2004. At check in, I was told that I had been allocated a suite. Obviously I thought this was a bonus - however, the suite turned out to be in a different building which trades as 51 Buckingham Gate Suites and is not even part of the main hotel (it requires a walk across a courtyard into a different entrance).The suite was by far the dirtiest and most tired hotel room I have ever stayed in (and I stay in hotels 3+ nights every week). The carpets and walls were stained, the wallpaper was torn and there was mould on the walls in the bathroom. The table in the living area was broken and none of the furniture matched properly. No room service was available. Overall, the general ambience was that of a student flat which hadn't been refurbished since the 1970s.I had arrived late at night and so decided not to make a fuss that evening (how British!), but instead to make some comments to the staff at checkout the next morning. Having expressed my disappointment to the reception clerk, all I got was a generic &quot;I'm sorry&quot; but no sense that the clerk was at all bothered or thought it a problem. I then asked to speak to the duty manager who, after a 5 minute wait, arrived and offered to make sure I had a good room on my next visit. Talk about missing the point. There are lots of good hotels in London - my strong advice would be to avoid the Crowne Plaza St James's and stay somewhere else.	
Dec 1 2004	Great location in London	We enjoyed our stay at the Crowne Plaza St. James. The hotel is in a good location between Victoria Station and St. James underground. For some reason there were no taxis at Victoria Sta. when we arrived, so we had to walk to the hotel. A hassle with luggage, yes, but I asked for directions in a local shop. The three people working there all knew exactly where it was. We had the standard room which was fine. The bathroom was large by London standards. We requested extra bath towels and received them everyday without any problems. Face cloths seemed to be in short supply; a few days we did not have them. I requested them and they did find them.We had no problems walking from St. James tube station to the hotel after dinner or theatre, as this is probably one of the safest areas in London-no need to waste money on taxis. Another advantage to this hotel is that it is not on a busy street, so it does not have the noise problems so common with most European city hotels.Just down the street is the Albert pub, whose upstairs has an excellent carvery style restaurant for reasonable prices.One word of warning though: Do not make outgoing calls from the hotel room. I inquired at the front desk what the cost was (it is not posted anywhere in the hotel info. book in the room) and was told 30 pence per minute. Two local phone calls totalling 8 minutes cost amost 26 pounds-more than 10 times the rate they told me. When I asked about this charge, the reply was that the number I called (in London) was a mobile phone, and thus more expensive.	
Nov 21 2004	WOULD NOT RETURN NOR RECOMMEND	Crowne Plaza St. James is a nice, older hotel that is probably better suited to business travel than leisure trips. The hotel is on a street (Buckingham Gate) that a taxi driver told us has had a name change in the past few years, so even though it is quite near Victoria Station we finally had to get in a cab and be taken the 4 blocks to it as NO ONE in any shop or business could give us directions! It is just a few blocks from the St. James tube station, but the walk is down a street with nothing--only the back of the hotel and no shops or people, so we were not comfortable using the tube at night to return to our hotel. This meant extra GBP spent on taxis after the theater.We stayed here two nights Nov. 16-18, for $110 per night, and I would not return to this hotel. We were immediately identified as Priceline customers upon check-in &quot;Oh, yes, you will be in room so-and-so, and breakfast is NOT included in your room rate!&quot; That didn't matter to us, of course, and the room was very nice except for the bathroom. The vanity top around the sink had a huge crack with a gap about 1/2 centimeter wide that had been filled with clear epoxy. It was very shabby but clean. The toilet required at least 4 flushings for any reason, even a single tissue. The shower curtain did not reach all the way down to the tub edge, so each time we took a shower the floor was sopping wet. We did go along with the no sheet change request, as is common with all hotels nowadays, but we left our towels on the floor after we used them to soak up the standing water. That of course meant that we wanted new towels. They took the used towels but did not replace them. When we returned to our room after attending the theater (about 11 pm) wanting to take baths, there were no towels. A call to housekeeping and someone suggested that we &quot;look better for the towels, perhaps in the closet.&quot; I looked, saw they weren't anywhere she'd suggested and asked for &quot;Two towels, please, we are waiting for our baths.&quot; We waited for a half hour before having to call again. They arrived in about 5 minutes after the second call. The room itself was in a sort of tower, with four tall windows curved to create a tiny bowed area. They were lovely, but let in noise from the street which was disturbing early in the morning. There was nice quality woodworking, and the beds were extremely comfortable. We did not use room service, nor any of the other amenities of the hotel as we were strictly there for sightseeing and theater. The restaurants were very, very expensive (for people on expense accounts?) and room service choices limited. We saw one other woman (I was traveling with my 13-year-old son) in the hotel; all the other guests were middle-aged businessmen. (I guess this hotel is less expensive than those in The City, which would have been far more convenient for businesspeople.) All in all, I would not return to this hotel. The Holiday Inn Kensington Forum, which we stayed in the week before (see review under that hotel) was better priced ($75), better situated, had a much nicer bathroom and was simply a better value.	
Nov 4 2004	Will be back to the Crowne Plaza for our next London visit	My husband, sister-in-law and I thouroughly enjoyed our stay at the Crowne Plaza St. James. The location is excellent in regards to all tourist attractions, the hotel is beautifully kept, and the rooms were the largest I have ever seen in several trips to Europe. I especially appreciated the large bathroom with the heated towel rack! We stayed in a king superior room, which I would highly recommend for it was much larger than my sister-in-law's deluxe for not that much more money.The afternoon tea served in the Hamptons lounge was one of the best we had in London, and for a very reasonable price. Another hotel restaurant, Bistro 51, is over-priced with bad food and bad service, and I would not suggest this location as a worthwhile dining location. The one word of caution that I will offer to those thinking of making a stop at this hotel is to ask for a room in the front side of the hotel. The backside of the hotel is essentially the playground for an elementary school and the windows offer absolutley no relief from the noise. If you like sleep stay in the front half of this hotel, or hope that the kids are on holiday for the majority of your vacation (as they were for ours).	
Oct 25 2004 	Uninspiring for a 4*	This is pretty standard offering that struggles to justify a four-star rating. Its location is good if sight-seeing is your goal, within a stone's throw of many of the usual attractions and with good public transport links. At night, though, the area lacks character, as the office workers around Victoria drift off. The hotel itself gets its four stars largely on account of the usual array of useless fripperies: concierge, trouser presses blah blah blah. If shelling-out £1.50 for a packet of polo mints or £5.50 for an 'intimacy kit' is what appeals, the Crowne Plaza's for you. Alternatively, you could choose to send a message to these rip-off merchants and opt not to spend any money over and above the cost of your roomThe rooms are pretty ordinary, though nothing to cause alarm. They're what London hoteliers call 'Edwardian' and Americans call 'small'. I got a room for £75 including taxes on Priceline - not a bad price for a 4* on a week night. All in all, not a bad hotel, but not one I'd recommend going out of your way to book.	
Sep 17 2004	location location location	Recently had a short break to London and following reviews read on trip advisor, decided to spend our night at this Hotel. On the whole we were very pleased with our choice. The location was excellent, only 10 - 15 minutes walk from Victoria Station and 5 minutes or so from St James tube station. We booked a superior room, which was of good dimensions and overlooked the lovely rear courtyard. The room was generaly fine, although the carpet was somewhat marked and a bit stained in places. The Bathroom was huge....more like a dance hall. This was spotless and clean but did seem a little dated and looked like it was time for an upgrade. The breakfast was good but no better or worse than we would have expected of a Hotel of this grade. The staff were always friendly and helpful. Would I stay here again................Yes.Trip advisor only gives me the choice of a three or four mark raiting. If I could be very accurate I would probably go three and a half. As this is not possible, in this instance I will go with four, and give this establishment the benifit of the doubt.	
Sep 16 2004	location location location	Stopped at this hotel for a night when recently visiting London (Aug 04). Read various reports on trip advisor before booking and found that on the whole these gave a fairly accurate picture of what I found. The location was excellent, just a few minutes from Victoria Station and within 5 minutes walk of St James Underground station. Having paid for a superior room, although of a fairly generous size and with a Bathroom like a small 'dance hall', I none the less thought the bathroom, whilst clean, to be a bit dated. The Bedroom was ok in itself, but found the carpet somewhat marked and soiled.The staff I found helpful and approachable. The Breakfast buffet was what I would have hoped for and indeed expected for this grade of Hotel. All in all, It ticked more boxes for me than it left empty.Would I stay here again ?............Probably yes. For this review I'm ticking four boxes, although if I could give a much more accuratate assessment I would more likely plump for a three and a half. Lets just say on this occasion I'll give them the benifit of the doubt.	
Sep 14 2004	Rooms need to be cleaned properly	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza St James twice during August 2004. The first time I got a deluxe room and it was great, found a slodge of jam (raspberry!) on the inside drawer of the desk, but aside from that, the room was great with a hallway and a great, clean bathroom, which was quite large. The staff were fine, no complaints, some queues at reception both times, but hey, utilise express checkout. The second time I stayed, it was in a standard room and what a come down! The bathroom floor was dirty and the tiles in the shower were smeared and had not been cleaned prior to my arrival. The standard rooms are fine for space though, and not poky. The bed was very soft, so if you have a bad back, better to stay elsewhere. The meals were fine, no complaints and the staff good. There is an ice machine on every second floor which is handy. I think if the staff were trained on how to clean a room properly, the place would be more desirable. If I had booked the standard room first, I would have skipped the Crowne Plaza a second time.	
Aug 31 2004	Enjoyed the Crown Plaza St. James Hotel and Suites	My family and I stayed at the Crown Plaza St. James Hotel and Suites on the nights of August 21st, 2004 and August 22nd, 2004. I had e-mailed the hotel previously requesting to check-in early because our flight arrived into the London Heathrow airport at 7:00 in the morning. I received a response within 24-hours from the manager who would be happy to add on to our reservation that we would be checking in early. The Crown Plaza is in an excellent location and within walking distance to the major tourist attractions in London. Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Parliament, Buckingham Palace, and the pier where the boats embark for rides on the Thames are all about a 10-15-minute walk away. The concierge was very helpful in arranging our tours and taxis. The whole staff was very polite and courteous.  The hotel has a business center, spa, game room, store, and restaurants.  The room we stayed in was the typical European style room. Our room had a balcony and overlooked the garden, patio, and restaurant, which was very lovely. The hotel was very clean. The only negative I have about the Crown Plaza was there were only two small elevators. The first day we were there the 2nd elevator was not working. Therefore, only one elevator was working and it was incredibly slow.  Overall, I would definitely stay again and recommend the Crown Plaza St. James Hotel and Suites to anybody traveling to London. The Crown Plaza is expensive, but very well worth the money.	
Aug 30 2004	Great Location!	We just returned from 7 nights in a 2-bedroom suite. Let me start out by saying that this hotel is in a wonderful location. Just a short stroll from Big Ben, Victoria Station or Buckingham Palace. I also want to mention that the front desk staff were great. They took wonderful care of us. Our problems started after they showed us to our 2-bedroom suite. I had specifically asked for a king room and 2 twins in the second bedroom. When they brought us up to our room, the second bedroom had a double bed. When I brought this to their attention, they said they would send someone up to split them. Of course this was impossible and they suggested splitting our king. This was unacceptable, so they found us another room. We had to wait about 5 hours to get into the new room. So we just sat around waiting. I've always wondered why people comment on the carpeting in their rooms - well, I know why now! It had stains all over it and it was dirty to boot! The bathrooms were small. The worst part was the maid services. Every day I had to leave messages like &quot;Please leave extra toilet paper&quot; (twice) and &quot;Please leave hand towels in both bathrooms&quot;. Twice they left cleaning products in the room. Twice they knocked on the door when the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign was on the door. And when we told them later, they called to find out if they could come. This all may sound petty, but when you are staying at a 5 Star hotel and paying 5 Star prices, you shouldn't have to ask for toilet paper!	
Aug 29 2004	worth every penny...	An inceredibly pleasant stay. Peaceful, luxuriousand worth the expense. This has to be the nicestplace to stay I've come across in London ...or indeed almost anywhere. Wonderful serviceand having the facilities of the apartment madethe stay feel like a real holiday!	
Aug 12 2004	Wonderful Hotel - Great Location!!	We booked our pre-cruise visit to London via the internet on the Crown Plaza website. We stayed there for four nights (June 2004) and were very happy indeed! The hotel is located extremely close to Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station (Bus and Train), and was a short walk to the Tube stop. For any first time or experienced visitors to London, this hotel had it all. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. We did book the &quot;Deluxe King Room&quot; and were very glad that our VAT, at the time we booked, was included with the rate provided on their website. This is something to pay attention to when booking hotels in London. VAT can really add to the price of your room. Our room was large enough for two very tall people, and we were glad we booked the King room. It also included a small dressing area and a very large &quot;en suite&quot; bathroom area. We were most impressed. After hearing horror stories about room sizes in London, we were glad to see that our room was adequate and comfortable.Our Hotel rate also included a daily breakfast for two which was fabulous. They have a small cafe located in the front of the Hotel which provides you with a buffet breakfast that is very nice with plenty of choices. Since food is very expensive in London, this was a nice bonus.Without a doubt, we would chose this hotel again when we return to London!	
Jul 12 2004	wonderful place to stay	Just spent a week at this hotel. The staff was superb, warm, friendly and efficient. They managed to organize an afternoon tea for 7 on short notice that was superb. Would recommend it. My only minor complaints, there was no outlet for a hairdryer in the bathroom and there were few drawers to place your clothing.	
Jun 30 2004	Crowne Plaza St. James Top Drawer!!!	My four day stay was super!!! A perfect spot for a person travelling alone. It is in a wonderful location , within walking distance of Buckingham Palace , in the Westminster section of the city , it is also close to some good shops and transportation.This was really a wonderful way to end my Queen Mary 2 transatlantic cruise.	
Jun 23 2004	enjoyed second stay there	stayed at the hotel for the second time this year, room was good well spaced and clean. Staff were friendly only problem like most other hotels mini bar and similar items too expensive.	
Jun 20 2004	3am Alarm Call	Excellent lobby and public rooms seem to be at odds with the quality of the standard rooms - the fittings seemed a little worn, although very comfortable and good quality bathroom. A fire alarm woke up the hotel at 1am on our stay. The on-duty staff really looked after everyone before we were allowed back to our rooms. However, the management's apology for the situation involved sending a message to the TV set at 3am waking us up again; not clever! I normally have an excellent stay in Crowne Plaza hotels - this one was not up to the usual high standard.	
Jun 4 2004	Great location quite area	I was at St. James for 6 days week of 5/18. The rooms were bigger than expected. It is centrally located Victoria Station, B-Palace). The breakfast plan was worth it. But you are also near grocery stores (Mark and Spencer’s and Tedco). We loaded the honor bar with fruit and snacks. The theater district is close we got a chance to she a show. Tickets are offered at a place called “Half Price”. Tickets are on sell ½ the day of the show. The staff is very good and helpful Make sure you get a 4-day bus/metro pass before you go that very helpful. 	
Jun 3 2004	Excellent hotel great location	A thoroughly excellent hotel. We stayed for three nights in May 2004. We booked a standard room but upgraded to a superior room with a king-size bed overlooking the fountain, then the hotel upgraded us to a deluxe room at no extra charge. The rooms are wonderful and the spa/exercise facility is one of the best I've seen in any hotel. The staff seems to be mostly young foreigners working in London to improve their English, and they are all extremely friendly and helpful. Room service and houskeeping requests are extremely rapid. We ate at only one of the restaurants, The Bistro (several times), and it was quite good.	
May 17 2004	Wonderful choice for a family	We stayed here for five days in the spring of 2004 and had a very nice stay. It was perfect for our needs. We rented a deluxe three bedroom apartment for our family of five plus our niece who stayed with us for two nights. The quality of the furnishings is not exactly spectacular but the overall effect is very stylish and attractive, modern and appealing. The bathrooms are fantastic. And there were three. The butler service was lovely. We also enjoyed the location and the proximity to St. James Park. Great for running, taking walks, trips to the playground. We thought the price of our apartment was a bargain given the space, quality and level of service.	
Apr 2 2004	St. James Crowne Plaza - Grand Stay	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 5 nights in March and it was delightful. The staff was the tops, very helpful and friendly. The room overlooked the fountain and plaza and was extremly large by London standards. It was quite, clean and the supply and pressure of the hot water is great. The fitness center looked fantastic, we only used the spa one time too busy sight-seeing. The breakfast was plentiful and good tasting...recommend you get the full breakfast plan as it would be extremly expensive without. We just filled up in the morning and then walked it off all day. The best part is the location..2 minute walk to Buck Palace..St. James Park..maybe 5 minutes to St. James tube...great little pubs in the area also. Westminister Abby is close by along with Scotland Yard. I would love to be going every year and staying at the Crowne.	
Mar 31 2004	Perfect		
Dec 17 2003	Beware of "standard room"		
Dec 6 2003	Great location friendly staff.		
Nov 25 2003	Very enjoyable stay in the Crowne Plaza		
Sep 18 2003	Crown Plaza delightful in every way		
Jul 27 2003	Delightful in every way.		
May 15 2003	Butlers and Super Service		
Apr 3 2003	excellent service and quality at a good price		
Jan 28 2003	Perfect international hotel for a price		
Sep 3 2002	Fantastic Says It Best		
Nov 16 2009 	Bello ma non troppo!!		
Nov 11 2009 	E' un signor Hotel		
Sep 15 2009 	Evolution très décevante vers un trois étoiles...		
Aug 22 2009 	Semplicemente Fantastico!		
Jul 30 2009 	Ottimo solo per la posizione...		
May 10 2009 	Bien mais pas top		
Jun 23 2008 	Excelente hotel		
Apr 4 2008 	Bello  ma....		
Nov 20 2007 	Excelente situacion muy buen Hotel		
Aug 13 2007 	Un investissement important de rénovation pourrait faire de cet hôtel un bijou		
Aug 26 2006 	Troppo caro in relazione a quanto offerto		
