	Beautiful Hotel in Great Location	We just spent four nights in two adjoining rooms on the 5th floor at this hotel last week and we all couldn't have been happier. Spacious and well appointed rooms with typically beyond comfortable Marriott beds and bedding and large, though a bit retro, bathrooms. My only complaint, which we knew prior to arriving, was that there would be no wi-fi in the rooms (although breakfast and pre-dinner drinks in the executive lounge gave us all enough time with our laptops). Staff was very helpful and friendly (and the lovely lady at the front desk went out of her way to accomodate our requested early check-in). Being within walking distance of Shepard's Market, Buckingham Palace, Oxford/Bond Street shopping was so convenient. Would love the chance to go back and stay there again...	
	The old grande dame got a facelift.	I stayed at the Grosvenor for several nights during a conference in November 2009 and was pleasantly surprised how much it had improved from my previous stay in 2002. Back then, I was given the tiniest broom closet of a room with a bed that was so old and lumpy that I am certain it was used by Queen Victoria. This hotel used to have the look and smell of an old lady who had seen better days decades ago. The Grosvenor has apparently undergone a major rehab and is now glowing and polished. Everything about this hotel is nice, from the all-marble baths to the deluxe bed and bath linens. The room this time was huge and had a super comfy King bed. Despite it being in a large hotel, my room was extremely quiet. I've been to London a dozen times and stayed at different hotels and the new, improved Grosvenor is now a hotel that I will return to. The hotel bar was really warm and inviting. The location is a short walk to Oxford Street shopping. One tip: the hotel has its own Theatre Ticket service just off the main lobby so you can purchase theatre tickets immediately upon arrival. The gentleman at this desk is very nice and has good recommendations. You can also get half-priced, same day theatre tickets at Leicester Square, but it is a long walk from the hotel and you take your chances on what tickets are available.	
	Great location and Spacious Room	The Grosvenor House, not to be confused with the other Marriott hotel also on Park Lane, is well situated across from Hyde Park. This historic hotel didn't offer many amenities (I think the gym was under renovation), but the staff was gracious and helpful. I arrived after a red-eye flight, well before my check-in time, and was promptly given a room. For its excellent location in a major metropolitan city, I was surprised at how spacious my room (820) was. The breakfast buffet was grossly overpriced (30 pounds). The Red Bar is a bit of a scene with the beautiful people in London, complete with a Kevin Spacey sighting.	
Nov 21 2009 	Good hotel and location	This is becoming a fast favorite for my trips to London - rooms are nice and spacious (esp. if you can get on the 8th floor) - and breakfast/tea/snacks in the Executive Lounge is nice bonus (have Marriott status). Overall very comfortable and well maintained hotel - just don't make the mistake of getting the buffet breakfast at the hotel restaurant - crazy price for an average-to-below average spread. I've had better breakfast buffets for free at other Marriott properties in London.	
Nov 14 2009 	Brilliant Service. Fabulous Vibe.	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel on business during a few glorious days this September. The young asian woman at the front desk was exceedingly professional, and the check-in experience was flawless. Additionally, food and beverage, particularly in the lounge, was exceptional -- Great Cocktail List!What a fabulous experience your team provided. Thank you for a little bit of leisure during a grueling business jaunt.Cheers!	
Nov 13 2009 	Avoid room 125	I stayed at the hotel a few days ago as we were going to the xmas grotto at Harrods and ive stayed at this hotel when i worked for the marriott group 2years ago. The hotel is still amazing and the doormen are very friendly. Rooms are nice but i didnt know they have single beds and although comfy i prefer the queen size. View isnt great but ur not in the room long enough to worry about things like that. one thing i did find disappointing is that since changing to a JW marriott, they no longer have a kettle and tea/coffee making facilites free of charge. If anyone knows london u no the location of the hotel is amazing, lots of walking u just dont want to stop. The only downside to this hotel during my stay was the &quot;stand off-ish&quot; receptionist who would not let me have a late check out to enable me to feed my 9 month old daughter before our journey back and the worst thing of my stay EVER was from 8.30am-11.30am was having housekeeping knock and open my door 10 times, yes people TEN TIMES!!!	
Nov 11 2009 	Great hotel but not the best	i only planned to stay there for 4night &amp; had to change rooms 3times due to a/c problems. but i did get a free upgrade. nice staff, don't plan to eat at the hotel as there is only 1 choice of restaurant and a small cafe both of which are very expensive! also not too close to commercial are lick oxford street (15-20min walk), other locations must use transportation. Hallways are like a maze, good luck finding your room. Room service was surprisingly fast!Nonetheless, i would stay here again if i had to.	
Nov 9 2009 	There are better Marriotts in the area.	i had one of the worst experiences in this hotel. it's not that the rooms are poor (they're fantastic - beautiful and impeccably well-kept). it's not that it's in a poor neighborhood (it's right off the marble arch stop on the central line, literally a stone's throw from bond street). it's just that both my travelmate and i constantly felt like riffraff in the very hotel we paid good money for.while entering and leaving our hotel, we were constantly stared at by both employees in the lobby and the doormen. we weren't greeted even once, and our hotel stay was about five days. while trying to fix a mess up on our bill, the hotel manager both argued with us and accused us of trying to get out of paying for what we were wrongly billed for. what kind of customer service is that? we were pretty much given that kind of similar attitude our whole stay there. could it have been that we were in our early 20s? could it have been that we were the only (ahem) ... foreigners in the hotel? maybe i'm being silly. but all i know is that i would never stay in such an unwelcoming place ever again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Exceptional Experience	Stayed here for the first three nights of a 2 week European trip. Arrived at 8 AM on a red eye and could get right into our room and freshen up. Great location right on Hyde Park with quick access to Hyde Park Corner Tube. Excellent service, well appointed room, and all the amenities one would hope for in a 5 star hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	great location and excellent room	Enjoyed our stay. Very quiet and elegant hotel. Bed was so big and comfy. Plasma tv and quiet night sleep even though you are right across the street from Hyde Park (which is gorgeous) and in the middle of the city. Very convenient walk to Marble Arch tube even with rolling luggage (about 10 minute walk). Highly recommend and staff was very helpful with maps, tourist info, etc.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great location	Stayed here twice now, our favorite hotel in London.Rooms are very comfortable and spotless.Staff are always helpful.	
Oct 19 2009	Excellent not perfect.	The positives are pretty clear-cut. Marriott's renovation was superb, the hotel is clean, feels warm and relaxing and is superbly positioned in central London, squarely between the placid, clean, village-like atmosphere of the expensive streets east of Park Lane and the massive green spaces of Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. The basic rooms are beautifully laid out, spacious enough - this is London, not Vegas, and a hotel should be a refuge, not a bunker - and well equipped with Marriott's standard kit : in-room safes, big televisions, cupboard space, marble bathrooms, irons and so on. The public areas are also welcoming, particularly the 'library' and the Red Bar, and the staff are thoroughly professional. Better to arrive in the courtyard on Park Street, rather than at the back door on Park Lane, which would force you to traipse the length of the ground floor to check in; not all taxi drivers are aware of the distinction, and probably very few care.The downsides are relatively trivial and not all of the chain's making; given the limitations of such an old building and the need to secure its prime position on Park Lane, they've done a superb job. However, the building is as maze-like as previous reviewers have alluded to; I had room 250, which was two dog-legs from an elevator, and because of its position quite dark - it overlooks the flat roof between the towers, and a sliver of Park Lane, as must several dozen others, so if a view is essential to you, ask for one.The bigger issue is the cost of the ancillaries, which matters more now than it ever did, whether you're a business traveller or a tourist. Still no free wifi; in-room connection, or surf and print in the business centre at £3 per 15 minutes (behind reception; good luck getting there without swapping maps with Indiana Jones). Lovely as the place is, this is prime London real estate and a luxury business hotel, so a full English breakfast will set you back £27.50 a head, a bowl of soup at least £7.50 - somehow I managed to avoid the £10 bowl - and an alcohol-free two course dinner for two in Bord'Eaux, the attached restaurant, never ducked under £60. And as for the in-room minibar....take a five minute trip up Park Lane, cross Oxford Street, turn left a few paces, stock up at the supermarket over from Marble Arch, retrace your steps, repeat as necessary. Especially if you're from my company, or are employed by my government.	
Oct 12 2009 	It was fine I wasn't blown away -but I'd stay here again!	So I stayed at this property for a week in October. I loved the location -being blocks from Grosvenor Park it was close to Oxford Rd and I used the Bond Street Tube stop a lot! I got the 7 day all you can ride pass and that really worked for me.The property itself was nice, the rooms small by American Standards. The bathroom was luxuriously appointed, the room decor was a bit weird -green and fuscia? I loved my big flat panel TV, plenty of closet space, and a small foyer space for suitcases and shopping stuff. The desk was not super comfortable for my 6 foot frame -but fine. The A/C worked consistently -which I'm finding is more of a surprise than you might expect from Marriott. The bed was very comfortable -which I've also come to expect from Marriott. The location was and the hotel were quiet and comfortable. Problems I had with the hotel were. There was no iron in the room, when I requested it -it took 3 additional calls and after waiting over 2 hours. Only after threatening to come down to the Lobby to demand an iron so I could iron my suit for the business meeting I flew to Europe for did I get the iron in about 30 seconds time.Other things that were sub-par were mold in my shower on the ceiling. The light fixtures in the bathroom were filthy.The key failed for access to the lounge and were finicky when they were used to open the room. The Fire Alarm went off in the middle of the night -one night -for no reason? (it turned off after 3 minutes.)They say they have a gym.... Technically they do, it is probably one of the WORST gyms I have ever seen -it literally consists of 5 cardio machines -no crosstrainers, and some weights. Overall for a JW (supposed to be the top of the Marriott Line) -I found the stay just satisfactory. Little things that I would expect to be effortless for this property -it struggled with. The Lounge never changed its offerings for meals, the turn down service was offered but didn't provide a chocolate. The bathroom had mold and the light fixtures were very dirty. The internet in the room was 20 pounds for 24 hours. The iron incident was really annoying as was the gym experience. But the Hotel has a great location, and was quiet and comfortable. The staff only seemed to be happy to see me -when I was checking out.....? The Hotel did handle the pride of Britain while I was there and seemed to be overwhelmed with the demand -so much that I felt more like a nusaince than a guest.	
Oct 8 2009 	Genuine 5 star on Park Lane	I was here as part of a large business group study tour of London. The rooms have excellent decor and large comfortable beds. This a classic London 5 star hotel with all the services. Cant beat the location, across the road from Hyde park and within striking distance of all major tourist attcractions and two tube stations.	
Oct 8 2009 	Lovely hotel 	Beautiful hotel, extremely helpful staff and conveniently located to many great tourist sights! Walking distance to the Hard Rock and many beautiful parks. Concierge was very helpful and had many suggestions for sightseeing. Would definitely stay there again!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful hotel but not many food options	We stayed here in May 2009 and enjoyed our stay. Everyone was very friendly but late night food options are minimal. The restaurants are very expensive ($25 for a club sandwich). Other than that, the hotel was great! Rooms were beautiful!	
Oct 8 2009 	Grosvenor Perfect	What a wonderful place! We used Marriott points as well for part of the trip. Terrific location, the most comfortable bed with true white sheets and pillows all over. What a treat! The whole place is in such a good taste.	
Oct 7 2009 	great hotel and staff	We stayed at this use or Marriott points, and they still upgraded us to a superior room. Great room big decent tv, big bathroom, super comfy bed, air worked fine.. we were on the 6th floor off a quite street so we were able to open our window at night.It cost 35 us for wi-fi access per day... that is the only bummer thing, The location is OK, you need to walk to the tube, but it is only about 5 -10 minutes. The staff is great, and very freindly.. The conserigie recommend the seafresh resteraunt for fish and chips, go there for the best fried seafood I have had.. Itis cool when a conserigie actually reccomends a place that is not on the &quot;list&quot;..We did the london walks ww.londonwalks.com, check them they are well worth your time, and money,	
Oct 3 2009 	Nice hotel right near Hyde Park	I booked this hotel through Priceline and did the &quot;Pick your price&quot; so we got this room for $180/night USD - not a bad rate at all! Overall it was a very nice hotel - the rooms are great, lots of space and the bed was very comfy. It's right near Hyde Park which was great to walk around in and enjoy. We also got tickets to see Hairspray through the ticket guy at the hotel and we loved that show. Although it is close to the metro line there are hotels that are much closer (Intercontinental for example) so it depends on how close you want to be to a station. It's also annoying that they charge for WiFi now - I mean who does that in this day??? When we got on the elevator once Michael Keaton (Batman) was staying on our floor and getting on the elevator with us. Apparently this hotel gets a lot of celebs so that was kind of exciting. Overall nice hotel and you'll have fun in London no matter what so enjoy the trip!	
Oct 2 2009 	The age of elegance is still with us	There is something about this classic 1920,s hotel that gives me a buzz.It,s stylish, a little old fashionedn and a great place to stay.I booked an executive room which includes drinks, soft and alcoholic, breakfast, afternoon tea, so well worth the extra.I asked to stay in one of thier classic rooms, none were available so was immediatley upgraded to a suite. This was fantastic. (some recently redecorated rooms very modern) The beds are very comfortable. Breakfast was good but not outstanding.The location is great, within walkin distance to Hyde Park, Oxford Street, Bond street, Harrods and much more.Service throughout the hotel was excellent.A great stay	
Sep 30 2009 	Elegant and upscale in a ritzy location.	This was my first visit to London and I was impressed when our taxi dropped us off to the front of the hotel. Parked out front were Bentleys, Aston Martins, S Class Mercedes, and Land Rovers. The hotel is off of Park Lane, one of the upscale streets in London.The reception area was immaculate. There lobby had beautiful chandeliers and floral displays with a classy appeal to it. After we received our room keys we went to our room. However we were not offer luggage assistance. I was a bit surprised not see any bell hops in sight considering the class of this hotel.We found the room impressive based on the size, décor, and cleanliness. I felt like I was back home. The beds were plush and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and clean.Down the hall from us was the fitness center on the 1st floor. It had a yoga room, cardio equipment and multiple weights. I was satisfied by the fitness center.The concierge was great. She put us on the list to some of the top lounges in London. Be sure to advantage of this service.The hotel is near Marble Arch and Hyde Park. You will find many shops and Lebanese restaurants. Hyde Park is just a few minutes walk and a great place to relax and get away from the busy city. However, most of the pubs and clubs are not within walking distance and you need to take a taxi to them.The hotel is nice and tucked away in a nice location. If you want to be where all the happenings are at, try to stay in the Soho or Mayfair area.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good Rooms Average Cleaning Standards Terrible Reception Staff	I have stayed at the Grosvenor House Hotel before it became a J. W. Marriott and had mixed expectations. My last visit was pre- refirbishment and the rooms were looking tired and dated but it still offered excellent service standards and a fanstastic central location.I booked a one night stay via priceline.co.uk, and paid £116inc taxes/charges but excluding breakfast. I emailed the hotel to request a non smoking room and upon arrival we were allocated one without question.Our taxi dropped us on Park Lane, the front of the hotel, whereas the reception is at the rear with the courtyard style drop off zone. There wasn't any assistance at this door, nor very clear directions to the main reception.The reception area is beautiful. Large floral displays and candles in storm lanterns with crystals are scattered around the area and a series of rich, gold and red colours complete the very Northern American with a touch of parisian feel of the lobby. The large wooden reception desk was manned by one lady who was busy number crunching when we arrived in front of her. After a few minutes of keyboard bashing, she looked up with a 'Yes?'. I started to state we had a reservation, interrupted by her request for 'sirname?'. After spelling my sirname she continued to type a huge amount of information and then added 'Credit Card'. It appears that sentences are not required when dealing with clients at this establisment. Once the card had been swiped, she pushed a card with two keys towards me and then finalised the transaction with 'lift behind you, floor 5 button'. I then added to her workload by confirming if the room was non-smoking - 'of course', with a waving hand guesture as my punishment.Again no assistance with baggage was offered, and there were no bell boys in sight. We made our way to the room. The Grosvenor is rather hard to navigate due to it's odd design, this isn't uncommon in London due to the age of buildings. It would all be simpler if you were escorted to the room, like most other hotels in this class.The public areas are again beautiful and very clean. The colours may look rather garish in photographs but do add a feeling of luxury and warmth to the hotel, something missing in many of the modern interiors hotels are opting for these days. All the corridors have new carpet and wall coverings. The signs in the public areas are false, they are laminated plastic rather than the brass they are designed to look like.When we found the room I was impressed with the size, smell and quality of fixtures. On first inspection the room looked clean. The bedding is of high quality, and very clean. A good selection of pillows are provided - including one GHH branded. At the end of the bed sits a large LCD screen with on-demand, local and internation stations and of course a clunky TV internet service. There is a special offer of £20 for unlimited movies, music and TV internet at the current time. This does not include the wired internet port. There wasn't a wireless signal in the room, but 3G works well on the 02 network. Within the TV cabinet is the mini bar and other honesty items, compelete with corkscrew and glasses. There isn't tea/coffee making facilities in the room, although these can be delivered to the room along with ice.A lamped desk area with leather chair is home to the hotel information, writing paper and local information. You will also find a comprehensive room service menu in this folder. The prices are in line with other 5* hotel in London and this is also true for the well stocked mini bar. All room service pricing excludes a £3.50 tray charge and 12.5% option service charge, again pretty normal for London.Two ornate chairs and a table with magazines create a nice feature between two large windows. Our room overlooked a side street but due to the secondary glazing noise wasn't an issue. Large wardobes with ample storage and full length mirrors create a feeling of space in the room.The bathroom was a good size, with large sink with mixer tap. There was a good selection, if not premium brand, shampoo, conditioner and lotion. Two soaps were also provided, good quality and nice scent. The sink area appeared to be clean and well presented.The toilet, bidet and bath were divided from the sink area. The toilet was dirty, and the seat rather loose. The marble grouting in the bath/shower area was beginning to mould and covered in limescale. This was the first indication of cutting corners with housekeeping. The shower mat was also dirty and starting to mould. These are all due to lack of proper cleaning, it seems ashame as the refirbishment is a very high standard but keeping these standards is also important. When using the desk area I found a pack of open crackers and sweet packets under the chair. The room was clearly not hoovered in a statisfactory manner. It makes you wonder if the housekeeping team are required to clean rooms in a certain time, just doing the very minimum. After horror stories of cleaning glasses with dirty towels and sinks with toilet brushes in the media about London hotels, it does make you wonder what your eyes can't see that has been skipped during cleaning.The airconditioning was easy to use, and was quiet in operation during the night. There wasn't any noise from the corridor or adjoining rooms.We opted for in room breakfast and chose the continental option which was £21 per person. The full english was £27 and a healthy menu offered for £25.50. You have to add service and tray charges to this and you won't see much change from £50 for a breakfast for two. It was delivered on time, all items were fresh and all drinks were the correct temperature. The staff were excellent and even moved furniture around in the room so we could eat at the window. The member of the reception staff on check out was much more friendly and even helped us take our bags over to the concierge for storage during the day. He couldn't provide me with an email contact for the manager of the hotel but still an improvement over check in.After exploring London for the day using the nearby Marble Arch Underground Station (turn right out of the front of the hotel and head to the end of the road, just past the other Marriott). We returned back to the hotel and had drinks in Bord'eaux. The restaurant is beautiful and has a nice terrace looking over Park Lane to Hyde Park. We had two coffees and two cokes and the bill came to around £15. The location is lovely, and as it got cooler they put on large patio heaters and offered blankets for your shoulders. We were sat opposite Gary Rhodes who spoke very highly of the food.A very beautiful hotel, now restored to it's former glory. I think under it's current management they will be unable to continue to keep the standards in the accommodation and the very impersonal approach of the reception staff needs to be addressed in order for them to achieve the 'upper level' that is a J. W. Marriott.An excellent stay	
Sep 25 2009 	Wonderful classy hotel	We stayed at this wonderful hotel for our 10 year wedding anniversary, returning to London where we visited on our honeymoon. We have stayed at Marriotts all over the world and this is among the nicest. Beautiful location in prestigous Mayfair area.. Nearest Tube station is Marble Arch (a fair walk, but not too bad). Room was beautiful and swanky -- very traditional furnishings, well appointed. Helpful concierge staff; coordinated a very nice guided tour for us; assisted with taxi and advice regarding catching Eurostar train to Paris. There was a mixup with our room upon checkin, but staff handled the situation very professionally, to our approval. Across from Hyde Park. Internet charge is ridiculously high (no surprise -- come on Marriott, charging for Internet is so out of style), so we passed (used free Internet at the nearby McDonalds at Marble Arch). Only real glitch was a false fire alarm in the middle of the night. Very classy.	
Sep 25 2009 	Luxurious hotel. Here's the pluses and minuses	This is an excellent hotel right smack in fashionable and fancy Mayfair. Very nicely redone lobby, most rooms are good size and the bathrooms are all new and spacious enough. Beds are fantastic. Typical london 5 star hotel breakfasts at 21 pounds plus, but there is a small breakfast cafe right outside the main restaurant and you can get breakfast items at a fraction of that cost. Service is very good, professional and friendly. Less tha ten minute walk to Oxford Street (a main shopping street) and Marble Arch or Bond Street tube stations. Several buses that drop you 1 minute walk away from the hotel. There are the pros. The cons: Internet service is ridiculously priced. I told the GM that they should be like other hotels and offer free WiFi. The swimming pool and permanent health club is closed due to some dispute. Bummer. They have a very nice pool in the basement. You can get free privileges for the pool and health club at the Marriott less than 10 minutes walk up the road, do that! Don't go to the slightly farther Marriott by Edgeware Rd., though, the club there is no good. There &quot;cons&quot; shouldn't stop you from staying at Grosvenor House, particularly if you get a good rate.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great rooms great value (if you're using Marriott points!)	We really liked this place. The room was spacious with a very nice and large bathroom. The bed was super comfortable with excellent linens. We used points so we didn't get a park view but the hotel is very quiet. The tube is a bit of a walk to either Marble Arch or Hyde Park Corner. As with all &quot;upscale&quot; hotels - the charges for mini-bar or drinks in the hotel lounges are sick. Do they not want any business?	
Sep 21 2009 	Outstanding stay in London	My wife and I stayed at the Grosvenor House for 2 nights in early September. It was a truly enjoyable experience in every way. Internet service is over priced but that is the only exception to an experience that offers outstanding value. This is a beautiful property with helpful and courteous staff in a prime location. I recommend this grand hotel and would certainly return.	
Sep 18 2009 	Fantastic Hotel and Location	This hotel is located in Mayfair, one of the best area in London. Located right across from High Park, it is convenient by tube (closest station Marble Arch) and you can basically access all the hot spots by walking (if you don't mind walking 20 to 30 mins).The shower is the highlight of our room for us - an incredible rain shower with tons of pressure. Size of the room is enormous by UK standard. It is a true 5 star with true north american king sized beds. Through priceline.com - name your price, you will not get a better deal anywhere else, just make sure you book it as soon as it is available. We paid only $140 USD per nite, friends of ours try to book 2 weeks later and their price was $375 USD per nite -so grab it while you can.The only negative is internet access was extremely expensive 50 pounds per day so if you need it for personal use, you may want to take your laptop to the Starbucks on Oxford St.Our last nite ended perfectly with fireworks in High Park which we saw from our room.	
Sep 10 2009 	Wonderful hotel Great location	My husband and I stayed at the Grosvenor House for 7 nights, Aug. 30. The hotel was lovely. Fresh cut flowers were placed throught-out the hotel leaving a very warm pleasant aroma. Everyone, from the reception desk to the doorman, was exceptionally warm and pleaseant. Breakfast was included in our stay which made it even nicer. The room was very well appointed and large enough for two. We had turn-down service every night. The location was prefect across from hyde park (central london). We were within walking distances to the major shopping department stores (Harrod, etc.), shops, outside vendors and restaurants. For transportation we also used the tube and the Big Bus Company. Over all, we had a wonderful time in London	
Sep 10 2009 	Amazing location next to Hyde Park - Great spacious room - a few hiccups	My family and I just finished a 2 night stay at the JW Marriott Hotel. I absolutely love London and it's one of my favorite cities in the world. I enjoy trying out the different hotels in the city and have been in several now in different areas. The hotel got good reviews so I decided to book it while we were on our long European holiday. We arrived in the evening from a flight from Milan. Check in was easy and the check-in agent (Chi Chi) was really friendly as well as her colleague which was standing next to her and happened to be from Argentina so we chatted a bit with them.We requested a baby crib as we had our 13 month baby with us. She said they would send the crib right up. The hotel is really beautiful and the lobby is elegant. They had a fresh flower arrangement as you come in the back entrance. There is a front entrance on Park Lane but if your taxi or driver is picking you up/dropping you off they have a circular driveway in the back. The bellboys were very friendly and brought our bags up immediately (we had tons of bags as we were in Europe traveling for 6 weeks). We booked a Superior Suite and there was a hiccup when we arrived to the room. There was no electricity in the room. When the bellboy came up with our bags he said we probably weren't hitting the right switch. I joked with him that I probably spend more time in hotels then he did and seen every possible switch in a hotel there could possibly be.He commented he never saw this before and he worked there several years. Of course that didn't help us as we stood in the dark for 15 minutes with our baby. He asked us to call down to the front desk and report it. Of course it took a while to find a phone as it was pitch dark. We had to wait for 15 minutes for someone else to come up and they fixed it. It sounds like a totally isolated incident and it doesn't happen much so our bad luck.I commented to my wife that we were due for some bad luck. We literally had a perfect trip the entire 6 weeks from city to city. When the lights came on we were really happy with our room. It was very spacious and big and decorated very well. It was on the front of the building facing the Park and on the 6th floor. The bathroom was HUGE and marble. It had a nice bathtub and shower as well as hair dryer and a scale which we always appreciate when traveling so you can weigh your bags.We requested a King bed and the bed was VERY comfortable but keep in mind it's two twin sized beds pushed together. It didn't bother us at all but some people want a true King bed so if that is important make sure to request it.There was a big LCD TV and a desk and chair with a work area. There was LOTS of closet space as well as an electronic safe which was spacious as well. The room also had an iron and ironing board which is always nice to have in Europe as some hotels in Europe don't and charge you $15 to iron a shirt. Internet access was ?20 ($33) per day. Pricey but then again at almost all the hotels we were at in Europe it was very expensive for Internet access. They had a restaurant as well as bakery at the bottom of the hotel and room service but we never ate there, always opting to dine out.A handyman brought up the baby crib pretty quickly but he said someone from housekeeping was going to bring up the bedding and sheets and blanket for the crib. We were going out to dinner so we stopped by the front desk and told the girl that we were going out to dinner but the maid never brought the sheets for the baby and if they could leave them in the room. She said they would.When we came back from dinner and walking around they still didn't put the sheets in the baby crib. I called down and asked them to bring some up as the baby was already asleep. We waited about 25 minutes with no one bringing them up. It was frustrating. Finally I had to call again and spoke to &quot;Carlos&quot; who was very apologetic and I think it was him who personally brought them up. That was really nice of him but I wish they would have done it from the beginning. At a 5 star hotel you definitely need to be more responsive.That was the only two hiccups we had during our stay. Everything else was great. The hotel is VERY big. There is something like 494 rooms in the hotel. Make sure you write down which room you have before you leave as the floor plan can be like a maze. There are LOTS of rooms per floor and the numbering on them is scattered a bit.The location was amazing on Park Lane. You are just 2 blocks from the Marble Arch Metro Line. As you walk out the main entrance take a right and you'll run right into it. The concierge was always friendly and has maps.We spent one day in Hyde Park, which is directly across the street. It was great and peaceful. Our last day they stored our bags as we checked out at 12 PM and stored them for us until our driver came at 6 PM. All in all I'd recommend the hotel as it's beautiful and the rooms were very nice. The only thing they could improve on was the service response to guests. Hopefully my situation was isolated with the response and the electricity problem.	
Sep 9 2009 	Wonderful find in a top-notch location	Was a little worried about this property - but I can tell you that my standard room was adequate in size, the bed divine, housekeeping prompt and excellent, very powerful shower, better-than-expected restaurant - and what I liked most - excellent HVAC/air conditioning in the bedroom. I have stayed in other top-end hotels in London, and ended up being warm in the room even though the rooms were supposedly &quot;air conditioned.&quot; On the downside, the bill was messed up at checkout (internet charges that I never used for example!), no swimming pool or nice heatlh club factilities (although supposedly building them for opening in 2010) and the toiletries in the room were plain old standard - i.e., what I'd find in a Marriott hotel in a downtown USA property. In general, though - a solid property, beautiful environs, quiet, and excellent location. Walked everywhere right from the hotel. I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Sep 7 2009 	What a beautiful hotel	This was a wonderful hotel, absolutley stunning in all ways. The smell from the flowers in the lobby was gorgeous. We stayed in a corner suite which was one of the nicest rooms I'd ever stayed in and I have done an awful lot of travelling.The only downside was I found the price of the restaurant and bars to be extremely over priced (£6 for some toast) other than that I would definatley stay again	
Sep 7 2009 	Great stay	Just spent the weekend at the JW marriott Grosvenor House in London.The hotel has a great location in Mayfair with reasonable walking distance to most attractions.The hotel is really nice in every way, Everywhere was clean and well maintained.The service was excellent. We arrived early on friday around noon. we had booked a nonsmoking superior room, non of theese rooms were available yet so the receptionist offered us the option of an upgrade to a large suite that was on the smoking floor or we could wait for a non smoking room or even change later if we thought the room was too smokey. We opted for the suite that didnt smell much of smoke at all since the suite was recently refurbished and had all new carpets and furnishings. The suite was massive and beautiful with a large sitting room with 42 inch flat screen and really nice plush furniture. the bedroom and bathroom were also large and really nice. Our rate included breakfast which was of above average hotel standard, we had breakfast delivered to our room on our last day which I highly recommend. We also had a 3 course meal included at the restaurant that was really nice.Will stay there again on my next trip to London.	
Sep 1 2009 	A Wonderful Experience	My wife and I spent five nights here and we were very pleased. As soon as we entered the atrtractive lobby we felt this would be a pleasant stay, there were fresh flowers on the table giving the feeling of welcomeness. The staff was warm and friendly from the moment we arrived. When we entered our room we were pleased with the decor and the spaciousness. The bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet. During our stay the room was immacculately clean and orderly whenever we returned to it. The concierge helped us plan our daily activities touring London and provided valuable information on using the underground to easily get around.	
Aug 31 2009 	A great surprise in London	It's fair to say that I am a picky traveller, and points that are really important to me are cleanliness, good interior decoration, comfort, service and quietness. The hotel measures up in all these respects.We did change room upon arrival, as we had requested a non-smoking room, and whereas at first it did not appear to matter, in a short time the smell of cigar smoke from an adjoining room was overpowering. The first room also had two connecting doors.The second room matched expectations better, with no adjoining doors, a non-smoking floor, and what impressed me was the quietness of the door closing system on the room door, which although one of the most important features of any hotel design, appears lacking in many, (even great hotels). The room size is typical of a London hotel, but I had no high expectations, and was not disappointed.The staff were courteous and our late wake up on several occasions was not disturbed, and the room was cleaned/made up as requested when we left, for our day's programme whenever we set out, sometimes as late as 11.30 am until midday.We did not eat or drink at the hotel, but did make use of ice for our own alcohol preprandial, and the quantity of ice provided was substantial, free and delivered promptly.If the prices can be maintained at the current levels - we paid GBP158 per night all inclusive for a twin room - I would be extremely interested in using this again, but perhaps it is just a recessionary blip, that will only be fleeting.The hotel's recent refurbishment helps enhance the overall good impression that I received, and the bedding was to a high standard, and although very comfortable, smaller, and less firm than my own preference, but these are points that can be adjusted as required.	
Aug 26 2009 	Very nice but may not be a five star property	This was a lovely hotel, although I don't see it as a five star hotel. The caring service just wasn't there in the hotel lobby. The positives: My room was lovely, with an extremely comfortable king size bed. We received turndown service each night. Any request, for extra towels or toiletries, was filled by the housekeeping staff. I never heard another guest, although the hotel was busy. Any street noise can be drowned out by use of the air conditioner/fan Breakfast each morning at the Bour'deaux restauant was one of the best parts of our stay. The restaurant staff were always pleasant and caring, and the food was delicious. The list price is extremely expensive, but it is a pleasure if it is included in the rate. Location is good. We walked ten minutes to Marble Arch tube.The negatives: The concierge desk misdirected us on several occassions. Some front desk staff were not helpful. (Lobby staff could learn much from those working in the Bour'deaux restaurant.) Television station selection is very limited. (But I didn't visit London to watch television. ) Pool was being renovated, and was not open during our stay. Fitness center was poor and appeared makeshift; perhaps the permanent fitness center was being renovated as well. Cost to use business center was ridiculous. Plan to go elsewhere to check e-mail. We saw many Internet cafes.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good location and nice room	We had a great stay at Marriott. We were upgraded to a corner room which is quite spacious and quiet. The bed was very big and comfortable. It's certainly much better than another Marriott in London (Marriott Marble Arch) that we had stayed during this trip.	
Aug 22 2009 	Awesome hotel!!!	AWESOME Hotel!! Staff was outstanding food awesome!! Close to the Hard rock and lots of other things!!! Would go there again if I ever go back to London!	
Aug 11 2009 	AWFUL STAY SMOKE FILLED NOISY ROOM MATCHED BY TERRIBLE SERVICE - STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!	My husband and I stayed at the Grosvenor House Hotel on 1st August for 1 night to celebrate a special occasion. We booked this back in May and chose this hotel for it's reputation and because he is a Marriott Gold Elite Rewards member . At the time of reservation, we were not asked whether we wanted a smoking room or not but the miserable lookings receptionist at check in advised us that they only had smoking rooms left. As non-smokers we were both unhappy at this point but were actually pleasantly surprised that when we got into the room, it didnt smell of smoke and we decided to keep the room - our biggest mistake (apart from choosing this hotel!). The guests staying in the room adjacent to ours arrived back at around 11.30pm. Shortly after this, our room started filling with smoke and we realised that it was coming through the interconnecting door, which although shut, obviously didnt fit properly. We had to roll up blankets and towels to wedge into the gaps round the door frame, open the windows and have the air conditioning on full but still our room smelt absolutely disgusting. They started popping champagne and making a lot of noise and by 12pm, it was obvious that there were at least 4 and probably more like 6 of them in there. The noise got worse and worse and so we called down to reception to ask security to ask them to quieten down. Unfortunately, over an hour and a half and five phone calls later security had not checked on their room yet we got a knock on our door to ask us which room was making the noise - even though even at this moment they were having a full blown party and could be heard from the corridor! They did quieten down after security bothered to ask them to but were still going strong at 2.30am.With a room filled with smoke and very noisy neighbours, we did not sleep well and asked for a complaints form from another equally unfriendly receptionist on check out the next morning. Apparently Marriott do not have customer comment forms and since returning home, they also dont have any customer service contacts either as it took two days just to be given a phone number in Ireland that didnt exist. I called three times and waited over five hours for anyone at the hotel to call me back who then promised to investigate and call me within 2 days, which they didnt.This hotel could be lovely but it is relying on a reputation from yesteryear, which is does not deserve now. The location is great but our room was very small and very ordinary and for a rack rate of £260 per night, did not even include any shower gel or tea/coffee making facilities. No-one opened doors, explained the hotels facilities, carried our bags, showed us to our room - we were not welcomed in any shape or form and not one member of staff smiled the entire time we were there. The service from reception and concierge was terrible - inexcusable for any hotel - and the lack of any customer service at the time of our stay or indeed since is quite shocking. If , like us, you thought Britain had gone smoke free - beware - the laws for hotels are quite different to pubs and restaurants. There is nothing anywhere on the Grosvenor House website thats indicates that there is the choice of smoking or non-smoking and we would have chosen another hotel if there had even been the slightest of hints that we may end up with a smoking room.If you are looking for a luxury stay, a hotel where they look after or care about their guests or are trying to celebrate a special occasion (and ours was completely ruined), there are so many other hotels close to this one, you would be far better choosing somewhere else!	
Aug 10 2009 	Tiny Bathroom and Bedroom	I did this stay on points and I was apparently upgraded to a suite, but I have to say this was the most disappointing Marriott upgrade I have received in sometime. The suite had a nice living room, but the bathroom and bedroom were aweful.The bathroom was beyond tiny and had zero counter space. The bedroom was so small I could not get my suitcase into the room. This was not what I expected from a Category 8 Marriott property. My shower had no hot water on my first night and had to be repaired. The door of my room would not latch unless you slammed it, causing house keeping to accidentally leave my door ajar all day. I am amazed that I did not lose any posessions. The door latch also had to be repaired. I complained about these items and requested a new &quot;non-suite&quot; room but was told nothing else was available and the best they could do was repair the faults. Once the repairs were made, the accomodations were tolerable, but not what I was expecting. The executive lounge had minimal offerings for a hotel in this class. I liked the 24hr room service. The location is great, but I was not at all happy with this Marriott property. I prefer the much lower cost Marriot Marble Arch.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great location and concierge and bellman service was fantastic.	Upon checking in they tried to put us in a smoking room even though we had specifically requested non-smoking. We obliged by checking it out before refusing, but the whole floor and room reeked of smoke. Went back to reception and after much discussion, a non-smoking room was suddenly available. The concierge desk and everyone servicing it was extremely helpful throughout our stay. Location is near Marble Arch so we were close to bus routes and the Tube, and taxis were plentiful.	
Aug 7 2009 	Usual excellent Marriott standard	This is the first time we had used the Marriott in the UK and this 3-day trip was courtesy of Marriott Rewards.We were treated very well and received best wishes from staff for celebrating our anniversary. We even managed to move to a bigger, better room after the first night.We enjoyed the proximity to Hyde Park and enjoyed a couple of early morning runs there.The buffet breakfast at Bord'eaux was yummy.	
Aug 5 2009 	Over-rated	This hotel is like the beautiful girl in school with the nasty personality.The rooms and public ares are beautiful, and it is across the street from Hyde Park. The service, however, is not good and often condecending. If you decide to stay there dispite this, also be aware that they nickel and dime you for everything. Local calls are 1.25 lbs per minute, there is no free Wi Fi, and a light breakfast will run you about 20 pound (thats about 40 dollars0 per person. If you decide that this is acceptible try to get a rate on priceline for @ 200 per night.and don't be afraid to ask for a different room if you find that they put you in a tiny one.	
Jul 27 2009 	missing money met with unprofessionalism - dont expect 5-star service	for all intents and purposes the grosvenor house is a beautiful hotel. unfortunately the service is comparable to that of a 2-star. an envelope of money somehow went missing from our room. that wasnt even the kicker for me. security took down our information and told us they would contact us upon looking into the matter. they also said that if the envelope was not recovered they would assist us in filing an insurance claim. well, two weeks went by and i still hadnt heard from them so i took it upon myself to send an email. that email was met with a &quot;we regret to inform you that your money was not recovered. we hope this does not deter you from staying with us again.&quot; that was it. i emailed back asking about the insurance process. that was over a month ago. they never responded. call me crazy but that seems a bit unacceptable for a &quot;5-star&quot; hotel. ive never encountered such unprofessionalism, and to be honest i feel personally insulted that they would ignore the matter in such a way. needless to say i will not be recommending the grosvenor house to anyone. if you do stay there, lock up anything that matters to you. it really is a shame because the hotel itself is beautiful	
Jul 10 2009 	Very good hotel.Could be great.	Just had a week long stay at the Grosvenor House in London.The location is pretty swell(what one would call a good address)and the hotel is VERY large property with big meeting and banquet rooms.The lobby and public areas are spacious and well furnished.I found the physical plant to be just great.We were upgraded to a &quot;deluxe&quot;king room which was very spacious.Our room was an inner room on the sixth floor.This proved to be a blessing as their were several loud events in Hyde Park over our stay and we did not hear a thing.Bathroom was very lage and well furnished.Wonderful thick towels and the bath products(Nirvae-seems to be the JW brand standard now)were all replaced daily as needed(sometimes at turndown)This is one area we found the hotel a bit cheap as the selection of products(and the poor quality of the Nirvea brand)lis not what one expects in this calibre of a hotel.Both a toilet and bidet.Plenty of counter space.The powerful shwower was a treat.Plenty of storage space in the room with a large closet(plenty of hangers)and drawers.Both case and soft goods were of great quality.Bed was comfy and linens were of very high quality.The only thing missing was a lighter duvet(or blanket)for those such as myself who find the Marriott duvet much too heavy for summer/warm weather.Air conditiong(a blessing)worked well-maybe a little too well as the fan,even on a low setting,was pretty stong-making it a bit noisy but nothing unbearable.Elevators worked well.I can see how some might find the trek to some of the rooms a bit much but for us it was perfect.The only negative we encountered was the lack of training amongst a few(actually just three ) of the frontline staff people.The rest of the staff was great and very friendly.They are mostly non-british and seem unfamiliar with the city.We also found some of the staff(by no means not all but again all frontline)to be less than friendly/acommodating.With a little more work this property could be a solid five star-now it is a 4.5 at bestI would stay at this property again for the location and the good quality spacious rooms.	
Jul 7 2009 	Five Star Stay at the Grosvenor House	We are frequent visitors to London having enjoyed stays with many of the more recognizable hotels but quite simply, the hospitality aspect provided by the guest relations team at the Grosvenor House before and during our stay was nothing short of outstanding. The hotel itself is meticulously well-appointed and maintained, including the common areas and the actual guestrooms. Although the hotel is very large there is an undeniably warm and comfortable feel to the place, and that extends to the Grosvenor staff, all of whom are extremely accommodating. The Marriott team provided us with excellent service without being obtrusive -- a balance that is not always easily accomplished in the lodging industry. Guest services attention to detail is superior, right down to the coffee and cookies that were delivered to our suite with our morning wake up call. Both my husband and I got the sense that the staff had really gone the extra mile to make us comfortable. Now the only place we will stay at in London is the JW Marriott. We will go so far as to plan our schedule around the Grosvenor hotel’s availability!	
Jul 6 2009 	Great room great bathroom - a pretty good stay!	I checked in to my room on the 4th floor (what a maze, but I got there in the end) and immediately felt at home - rare for me in hotels. It helped that I was attending a function downstairs in the Great Room that evening.Plus points: Room size, comfortable bed, pleasant view over the street behind, good-sized bathroom including scales - a rare treat! Lots of storage space, clean and well decorated. I ordered a delicious breakfast (£27, room service), which included loads of pastries, jams, marmalade, butter toast, sausages, eggs, bacon, mushrooms, black pudding, tomatoes and tomato ketchup.Down side: Not as many toiletries as I have come to expect of a five-star hotel, but when I called reception they quickly brought me a requested toothbrush and toothpaste. The bar was prohibitively expensive, but there was at least free bottled water. TV was a bit cumbersome to navigate. I had a long wait at check in on arrival and departure.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Hotel - a Hidden Gem!!	This was a GREAT hotel. I'm am continually impressed with JW Marriotts worldwide. I was immediately upgraded when I arrived, but I got the feeling that all rooms, regardless of price, were fantastic. The bathroom was huge. My only comment was that, as an American, it took 2-3 minutes to figure out the shower - 4 knobs to twist. However, the location is superb, the staff is very friendly (some of the nicest EVER), and the property is gorgeous!	
Jun 28 2009 	Great trip and great hotel	We stayed at the Grosvenor House using our Marriott points for a stay of 8 nights. Upon checking in at 1:30pm we were told the room wasn't ready due to the hotel being full, but we could use the executive lounge because of my husband's Marriott reward status. We were in there maybe 40 min's before they told us our room was ready and gave us the keys. We have nothing but good things to say about the hotel. We had a king size bed, non-smoking room. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was above average in size. The room itself was very roomy and decorated in tasteful colors and well kept furniture. We did use the lounge everyday for breakfast, and some evenings for cocktails and appetizers. This was very helpful so we didn't have to go and find something every morning for breakfast. We were here for vacation and really have no complaints. Everyone was very helpful when asked for something. When we called every evening for a wake-up call for the next morning they would ask if we would like coffee or tea delivered to us for the morning. In past reviews there were some complaints of things being &quot;gone&quot; when they would come back to their rooms. I don't care what class of hotel you're staying in, lock it up if you can. If we left for breakfast just to go upstairs to the lounge for 30 min's we locked valuables in the safe. Anytime we leave the room no matter what hotel we are staying at, valuables get locked up. There were no problems with outside noise. Oh, and the tube is about a 5 minute walk. If you go out the doors in the back and walk up to Mount ST. and take a left then walk about 3 blocks there are a couple of good restaurants. Serafino's and Delfino's both were pretty good, but we liked Delfino's better and the prices were fair also. We would recommend this hotel for just about anyone. No complaints here at all. It was a great stay and would stay again.	
Jun 27 2009 	Okay but not even near 5 Star!!!	My husband and I stayed here last week for two nights. Our room finally appeared after walking along 8 corridors!!! We had never asked for a smoking room but we got one, thank goodness there was no smell. The room was okay, not large, but the bathroom was quite large with great amenities. The one bad thing for us was NO tea or coffee in the room, when have you ever been to a 5 star hotel in Britain that does not have tea/coffee in the room. We had to buy coffee from the cafe on several occasions, and was quite cold by the time we finally reached the room.We ate in Bordeau the first evening with my husbands reward certificate and when we booked some 6 weeks beforehand we had said it was our anniversary. They did nothing at all, or even pass comment!!!I was just back from 10 nights in the same named hotel in Dubai before arriving in London and this was what 5 star means!!! I have never in my life been treated the way I was in the Grosvenor House Hotel in Dubai!!! Grosvenor House London is not a patch on Grosvenor House Hotel Dubai!!!The breakfast was a bit disappointing as well. We use the Hilton hotels a lot and usually use them while in London, and it is exceptional! I have still to find the British hotel to beat the Hilton breakfast.The best thing about this hotel is its location, right in the centre of London.	
Jun 17 2009 	Very High standard for the UK	Hotels in the UK are not generally a great standard, but the Grosvenor was surprisingly nice and to a very high standard. I would recommend it highly. It was very modern and very high class it you want a good standard for London stay here not cheap though.	
Jun 12 2009 	disappointment of losing personal items at 5-star hotel	I have stayed in all types of hotels before and I have never before lost anything in any of these places. Although the staff was friendly at JW Grosvenor House (except security manager), they were not able to solve the mystery of disappearance of my personal items from the room. It partly ruined my vacation and I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone as I wouldn't want anybody to be worried about their things left in the room while they were out and about.	
Jun 11 2009 	Stylish Elegance Perfection.	Just back from a 3 night break in London. Stayed at the JW Grosvenor House Park Lane. Travelled with my husband. The whole experience was wonderful. The location is perfect easy walking distance to sights - Hotel looks onto Hyde Park. Tubes are only minutes away eg Marble Arch to the right while Hyde Park corner to the left. Buses stop on Park Lane, so your choice is endless. Hotel staff were excellent. Never had such a wonderful breakfast from a hotel. This hotel is a little bit expensive but considering the area it is worth it and don't forget Marriott rewards - we got three nights for two. Restaurants in the area are fab. Had a wonderful meal in KAI - by far the best chinnese meal I ever had. Worth travelling to London just for that. Aslo ate in Piccolino - italian restaurant just off Regents street (twice) wonderful food and staff so frendly. Excellent service	
Jun 10 2009 	execellent!	The location was fantastic, the staff was friendly and welcoming.The room looked as if all the furnishings were brand new! Room service was prompt &amp; delicious.The shower had the most complicated on/off system, but I was able to figure it out &amp; then enjoy the robe &amp; slippers in the room.	
Jun 9 2009 	Luxury in London has a new home	Stayed here over Valentines weekend and was immensly impressed. The refit has been completed and is a credit to the Marriott brand. The staff are attentive without being overbearing, the rooms immaculate, and having Corrigans restaurant on site means you bearly have to leave the building. However if you do it is perfect for all of central London's attractions and with Hyde Park literally over the road you could not wish for a better location.All in all I can't reccomend it highly enough.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great old hotel w/poor concierge service	My husband and I spent the Christmas and New Year holiday in London.Although we arrived early in the AM, the front desk staff was able to check us in.After viewing several rooms, we settled on a smoking room on the 4th floor.Thankfully the room had no residual smoke odor. The full english breakfast was wonderful. We found the restaurant staff very attentive. Our only complaint about the hotel was the poorly trained concierge staff and doormen. When we asked the concierge to book an afternoon tea appointment for us, he only dialed the number and handed me the phone. As someone who is used to quality and personal JW Marriott service in the states, I was quite frankly shocked. My second complaint occurred when we were leaving. The day before we left, my husband checked with the concierge desk about getting a taxi early in the morning to the airport. He was assured that it would not be a problem on New Year's Day. The next morning when we were leaving, we could not find a doorman and this was at 9 AM!!!! Nor could we find someone at the concierge desk. We had to get someone from the front desk to go behind the concierge desk to look for the doorman. Apparently he was too busy socializing with the concierge that morning. As I waited for my husband at the door, several other hotel guests came out of the hotel looking for a cab. After standing around for awhile, those guests decided to walk to the main street to look for a cab. Other than those incidents, I would say the hotel was acceptable.	
Jun 5 2009 	luxury has a new name	its one of a kind place to be in when your in london its excellent beautiful and classy	
Jun 5 2009 	Loved the location	Having just returned after staying a week at the Grosvenor House in London the experience was very memorable. The service was great and the location was superb. Situated in the heart of London in the posh Park Lane area opposite Hyde Park the hotel offers a family experience for all ages. Ideally situated for shopping, for outdoor activites for the children and for business meetings the hotel staff is courteous and well informed. I would recommend this place unhesitatingly to anyone visting London.	
Jun 3 2009 	Very Nice - nothing but good things to say	Stayed on Marriott points for 8 nights from 24May thru 1June. I'm Gold status with Marriott, so we were able to access the lounge as well.This was a thoroughly enjoyable stay. They upgraded us to a superior room on the 6th floor, though the view was of the roof of the next door building. The concierge was very helpful in getting theater tickets on Saturday night (great seats, great service) and the lounge was wonderful for relaxing, having a snack and catching up on e-mail for free.The tube was a brief walk (5 minutes to Marble Arch, a bit longer to either Bond St. or Hyde Park Corner), and buses stopped 1 block away. They've done a great job of refurbishing this hotel, and I fear that Marriott will raise the nightly point cost of staying there quite soon - so take advantage of a 5-star property for a 4-star price while you can!	
Jun 2 2009 	Great hotel if you use Priceline.	Details: We paid $153/night on priceline for a 5 night stay. We also got two additional rooms at the same rate for a single night for some friends. Service: Mixed results. The Good: A member of the concierge staff recommended The Guinea Grill on Bruton Place to celebrate our anniversary. Great place, just as described by concierge. Another member of the concierge staff booked our car back to LHR with no trouble. Luggage was promptly delivered to the room. I spilled soda on the duvet cover and housekeeping immediately changed the bedding.The bad: Unfortunately, one of the staff members at the concierge desk gave us directions to an antique center that had been closed for 4-5 months. He whipped out one of those glossy, touristy maps (you know, the ones that show Ripley's, Hard Rock and the like) and circled the Antique Center location. This same guy gave us directions to a pub for lunch that was closed. Not the level of expertise I expect from a concierge at a 5 star hotel. The Rooms: We got what we paid for - a guest room with a queen sized bed. The room had ample closet space. The bedroom was large by London standards, with a view of the generator. The bathroom was huge and beautiful, but it was the shower we fell in love with. One of the other rooms I had booked (also through priceline) for some friends turned out to be an upgraded superior. It was so large that the King sized bed was dwarfed by the room. The decor had a bit more character than the standard guest room. It had a pleasant view, but the bathroom was smaller and didn't have the same magnificent shower head that ours did.Other facilities: We had at breakfast one morning at Le P'tit Cafe, which was good. I used the business center for internet on two occasions (3 pounds per 15 minute session). Good: Location, bathroom &amp; price!Bad: Overpriced in-room internet options.	
Jun 1 2009 	Delightful week	My wife and I stayed at this wonderful hotel for 6 nights while visiting our daughter in London. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was nice--could have used cable TV. The different dining options were also very good. The location was excellent as we walked Hyde park every morning. We used marriott points to book this hotel and all went smoothly. We are looking forward to visiting London and this hotel soon.	
Jun 1 2009 	Perfect stay at Grosvenor House	I was a bit nervous with choosing the Grosvenor House for our first London vacation. Everything was PERFECT. The location is spectacular - it's nice and quiet, but a quick walk north brings you to marble arch - or a 10 minute walk south brings you to Buckingham palace. The room we got was huge(I am not sure if I got upgraded being Marriott Gold). Excellent staff and the facilities are spotless. Great pub around the corner called the Audley.If I go back to London - I would stay here again without a doubt.	
May 31 2009 	Great deal! Some tips	I just got back from a 1-week stay at the Grosvenor House with my family over Memorial Day weekend (also a holiday weekend for England). We got a great deal on Priceline ($175/night) and it was well worth the price. The staff, rooms, and hotel were amazing. The type of room that comes with the Priceline booking is a &quot;deluxe&quot; room which is rather small, but not too small for 1 person or a couple (might be tight for 2 friends though). We got upgraded to a &quot;superior&quot; room upon checking in though and it was huge! The rooms have EXTREMELY comfortable beds and really nice bathrooms. My only complaint was that there are no alarm clocks in the rooms so you're entirely dependent on the wake up call to get up in the moring (oh, and as said before, there's no coffee or tea in the rooms). The location was ideal, right on Hyde Park and only a 5 minute walk to the Marble Arch tube stop. One tip I'd give is to skip breakfast at the hotel (since it's incredibly expensive) and op for a the Pret A Manger cafe/brasserie right by the Marble Arch tube station which has very reasonable prices on pasteries and coffees.	
May 27 2009 	Now our hotel of choice in London.	Stayed for two nights to attend a wedding over May Day Bank holiday and we were very impressed.Location wise it’s pretty perfect, being next to Hyde Park is a great bonus on sunny days. There is a choice of two tubes at the top and bottom of Park Lane (about 10 mins walk). We caught the train to Kings Cross and the cab fare was approx £10 on a Friday lunchtime and a Sunday morning.We ate there for breakfast (very good) and once for lunch and cannot fault one thing. The staff were attentive and efficient.There isn’t much nearby shop wise so you’ll have a bit of a walk to nip out for a bottle of gin Marks and Spencer on Piccadilly is a 20 min walk.Our room was excellent. It was a good size and the bathroom had a Savoy style shower over the bath which was very efficient. Marriott, just one thing: stop charging so much for internet access! It's unforgivable.We won’t stay anywhere else now in London and we’ve stayed all over for work and leisure and are hard to impress.	
May 21 2009 	Disregard ALL of the negative reviews...if you are not satisfied it's because NOTHING will satisfy you!	I am a very tough person to impress and please, if I am to be blatantly honest. I have traveled the globe and have seen the best and the worst properties there are to offer.The property is very reputable and the clientele reflect it. The area is safe and clean.The only flaw of the hotel, if you will call it a flaw is there is no cable television and the selection of television channels are limited, but for a package price of 19.99 GBP you can have high speed internet and select movies.I HAVE to recommend a great little restaurant up the way on Park Street called &quot;ASK&quot;, which is open late and has excellent food. The staff is not only friendly but they make you feel at home, don't forget to visit them or it will be your loss. Cheers!	
May 17 2009 	Good location good price.	Priceline provided a great price for a three night stay. Very convenient for Oxford Street shopping, about 300yds to the Marble Arch end. An underground NCP car park immediately opposite that gives 1/2 price parking for 72hrs if you get your show ticket validated. Room was more spacious than is usual in London, huge bed, lovely bath. Lack of tea/coffee facilities the only drawback.	
May 15 2009 	Comfortable Stay	We stayed, using our Marriott points, at the Marriott Grosvenor House at the end of our two week vacation in Britain. The hotel is in a great location - walking distance to many of the London attractions and convenient to the underground. Check-in was easy. Internet is availabe but very expensive. We opted to purchase an internet card from the Business Center (90 minutes for 10 GBP) so we could check our e-mail, news and Texas Ranger baseball scores!Our room was nicely appointed although it did not have a coffee pot or electric kettle. The hotel was kind enough to bring us one to use during our stay. We did not eat at the hotel opting to eat at some of our favorite London restaurants.We have stayed in many of the London Marriotts over the years. This one met our expectations.	
May 5 2009 	One big step below the best London hotels	My wife and I stayed at the Grosvenor House for 5 nights. The rooms and the common areas are nice and reasonably well equipped, but some mistakes and delays in providing different services show that the hotel is not in the same level than, for quoting as example some of its more exclusive neighbours, The Dorchester or The Lanesborough.Anyway, the hotel has a good location, comfortable enough installations, as said, and for the price we got, around 160 pounds for a superior room, it's good value. One last comment: avoid the &quot;Deluxe&quot; double rooms, initially we were put in one and it was a very small bedroom with a queen bed and clearly oriented to be used as individual.	
May 5 2009 	Expected more	I reserved this hotel for my weekend trip to London because location, name and generous 3 for 2 offer. Location really is great on edge of Hydepark, close to underground and busy Oxford street and at same time quiet. However, even with correction for historical building, you feel wear-out.Room generally was OK for London standard, but tap in bathroom was moving in all directions and minibar was not freezing its contents at all.And we got half-empty shampoo bottles from previous guests.	
May 3 2009 	Grosvenor House is still the best but now you can earn Marriott points!	The Grosvenor House is one of the best hotels in London - with a fantastic location overlooking Hyde Park. It is now part of the Marriott group and has been beautifully refurbished - huge marble baths, great linens, all the amenities you expect in a top quality hotel. Everything is plush and comfy. I stayed there for a few days at the end of a business trip and it was bustling with Christmas shoppers - the atmosphere is certainly a bit more casual and hectic than when I stayed previously several years ago (the Marriott offers lower price deals to fill the rooms apparently . . . so it's full of Americans and not just wealthly locals who are more formal). The one drawback, which is typical of higher-priced hotels, internet service is over $25 per day. If you're a tea fan, you must try the afternoon tea service - we did this as room service and it was excellent.	
Apr 23 2009 	Nice location great service	We arrived by taxi and were quickly met by a bellman who took our bags. Speedy check-in and up to our room. Strange electronic key that plugs into the wall and then a doorknob in the middle of the door. We had a little foyer that led to the bathroom and bedroom. Very large, comfy king sized bed took up a large portion of the room. Good sized mirrored closet with drawers inside and a safe. Hairdryer, slippers, robes, shampoo, conditioner, soaps provided. Nightly turndown service. We did not eat in the hotel although there were a few restaurants and a smaller coffee/bakery shop. The hotel sits right on Park Lane a busy road that runs on one side of Hyde Park. Lots of high-end hotels, car dealerships and real estate sales. Short walk up to Oxford St and Marble Arch where there is a stop for The Original Tour hop-on/hop-off bus. Short walk to any public transportation. Taxis always available right outside the door on Park Lane.	
Apr 23 2009 	5 Star all the way	We stayed here for 3 night after our ceremony and the staff were fantastic (particularly Anna in guest relations). We had a lovely room and the concierge was really knowledgeable and helpful. I would definitely recommend.	
Apr 15 2009 	Amazing	I booked this hotel through priceline. The service was impeccable and the rooms almost too good to be true.The beds were super comfortable and I wouldn't hesitate to reccomend this hotel.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good hotel good location	Spent a nice weekend here. Was upgraded on check-in and room was very reasonably sized for Europe, comfortable bed and in a decent location. Good location on Park Lane, but it is a bit of a walk to any restaurants or pubs, and a good 7 minute walk to the closest Tube stop. For the same price I might go with the Marriott Park Lane or something further east. Only complaint (other than the usual exorbitant charges for Breakfast/ Internet/ parking) was the long wait on Check-in and out (didn't seem to have easy check out option). Only having 2 work the front desk was not sufficient.	
Apr 9 2009	Beautiful hotel and great location...	We stayed here 5 nights in April and it was wonderful. The rooms were so cozy, and quite. The bathrooms are large. You are within a 10minute walk to the tube. If you are wanting to shop while there, you are a 5minute walk from oxford street. It was a wonderful stay!One nice feature of the hotel room if you are coming from the states is they have an american plug in, so you do not need an adapter.The red bar stays open later than many of the pubs in the area that close at 11pm.	
Apr 2 2009 	Wonderful hotel and location	We stayed at the Grosvenor late March in a wonderful room on the club level with seperate sitting room, dining area and a great bathroom. Service was great, rooms clean, fresh, spacious and new decor. The only downside was some of the staff in the patio bar were not that great, but it was only limited to that one area - all other staff were very responsive.	
Mar 30 2009 	Outstanding hotel and staff	Stayed for four nights 22-26 March 2009 on a fantastic winning Priceline bid. Elegant hotel, superb service from the staff (including the butler who delivered room service), terrific and convenient location in Mayfair. Local brasserie on block down the street has wonderful breakfasts (at 50% less than in the hotel) and a nice local pub is also located one block down the street. Convenient to tube stations. Highly recommended.	
Mar 26 2009 	Everything you would expect from a hotel of this class	Very professional staff; excellent location; beautiful, spacious room; comfortable bed; good quality toiletries and towels in the bathroom. Highly recommended.	
Mar 26 2009 	Five star comfort	Finest night's sleep in an hotel bed I've known. Comfortable, quiet and delicious.I'd gripe about the £20 charge to connect to the internet, a £2.50 Mars bar, a £27.50 supplement for breakfast and other trivia but, if you can afford to stay here, you can afford to pay these bills.But the memory is of the comfort and the standards ~ which are exemplorary.	
Mar 24 2009 	GREAT STAY-- will stay again!	We had a great 3 night stay there last weekend! As soon as we arrived we were treated especially well (it was our anniversary)-- we were immediately upgraded to a corner suite with a gigantic king size bed, which we got the best nights of sleep on after long walks and sightseeing. The atmosphere is cozy and romantic and the staff is incredibly helpful--they booked London Eye tickets for us as well as mailing out post cards! The nearest underground is Marble Arch just up the street and highly recommend buying an Oyster card and using the public transportation as much as possible--a great deal! Overall, we loved the hotel and absolutely did not want to leave! Will be back again soon!!	
Mar 21 2009 	great stay in a great place	I always like the marriotts for their beds and this one has the bed in a great setting. Wonderful place on a great location and with great rooms. Friendly staff, good service, clean and spacious rooms with all amenities. Maybe a bit on the expensive side as there are others in this class that charge a bit (but not too much) less.... At least you know what you can expect.	
Mar 6 2009 	greedy and annoying	Even though my partner was welcomed as a returning guest we received a small room with a queen size bed that what obviously ment for single users (given the size f the room and bed, number of pillows, blanket and slippers etc) instead of a double room. The room was connected to another room by a door which let through all the noise. Kettle and tea must be ordered, dont except to find them in the room. It was very annoying that after two days the kettle was simple taken away, when asking the maid about it she told us to call room service. Every time we asked something we were told that the person we aks was not in charge and we should ask someone else which showed that the stuff does not feel responsible. I was particularly amused that the door man (who was acutally a young girl) would rather write text messages on her cell than opening the door. This hotel is simply too big, no one feels in charge, floors are long and smelly, you easily walk minutes from the elevator to your room with many doors to open, just to end up in a dark, small room with no view. The shower was impossible too: stained bath tub with impossible appliances. By the way: it is quite a walk to get to the subway.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great hotel would definitely stay here again- and be sure to priceline it!	Stayed here for a weekend in Feb, upon advice from friend of mine we made an offer on priceline which was accepted, a great bargain indeed for this great hotel. Staff are all very friendly and good service. Great location. Very nice and stylish rooms, ours happened to have a lousy 'view' onto the generators but that didn't really matter to us we only slept there. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars all around is that there was no complimentary coffee/tea / kettle in the rooms, which a true 5 star should have.	
Feb 11 2009	Great hotel	I went to London with a girlfriend for a quick weekend trip. We wanted to stay somewhere nice for a good price, so we Pricelined and ended up at Grosvenor House. The rooms were so spacious for two girls, the staff was so attentive and nice, and we loved the champagne bar. We ended every night with a night cap there! The view of the park is great, too. I highly recommend it.	
Feb 10 2009 	Wonderful hotel and staff	We stayed at the GH last Saturday night to celebrate my fiancee's birthday AND our engagement. We combined it with a meal at Corrigan's Mayfair - also excellent.Prior to our arrival I had contacted Katrin, the Assistant Guest Relations Manager, and she could not have been more helpful in helping me arrange the surprises for my fiancee.The hotel is in a great location and has the wow factor as soon as you arrive at the main entrance. Check-in was seamless and all the staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was very big, especially for a London hotel. It's obvious it has recently been refurbished to a very high standard. And the bed..........enormous! We had a room on the 7th floor close to the Executive Lounge. I'd gone with a room rate that included access to the Lounge and we made full use of it! Afternoon tea, pre-dinner champagne and canapes and then continental breakfast the next morning. All to a very high standard. One slight niggle - it would have been nice to have tea/coffee making facilities in the room for 1st thing Sunday morning rather than have to go to the Lounge or call room service.Apart from that, they seem to have thought of everything in the room - even down to an umbrella hanging in the wardrobe!Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and this terrific hotel just added to what was a very memorable weekend. Hopefully we'll be back!	
Feb 9 2009 	Gorgeous!	So clean &amp; tidy. Comfortable. Lovely breakfast. Conveniently located.	
Feb 1 2009 	An absolute gem	This hotel is simply wonderful. We spent a fabulous weekend there recently and enjoyed every moment.ARRIVAL. As our cab pulled up two doormen were instantly attentive, whisked away our luggage and assisted us in to the hotel lobby for check in. The next time we saw our luggage it was in our room.CHECK IN. Swift and efficient, and above all very friendly. Our prior requests had been noted and we got exactly what we asked for.A few days before our stay, we had received an email from the hotel, telling us that they were preparing for our arrival and asking if we had any special requests. A very nice touch.ROOMS. Our room was on the first floor(one of our requests was a low floor room).It was huge with plenty of closet space and drawers. Two easy chairs and a coffee table, together with a sideboard that housed a good stock of glassware, a mini bar, ice bucket and various snacks.On the other side of the room was a large writing desk with chair.The bed was enormous and if wished, housekeeping would change bed linen daily. It was also extremely comfortable.Inside the closet was a hairdryer and a shoe shine box. Extra pillows and slippers.It was a lovely change to have a 'free' hairdryer and not one attached to a drawer!Bathroom was large and beautifully furnished in marble, with a bath and power shower. Bathrobes were hanging on the door.We only had room service for morning tea. It arrived very promptly and with a smile.Our attendant was dressed in tails and offered to serve our tea to us. A lovely touch.We were entertaining guests on one day for pre lunch cocktails, room service provided us with a service trolley, beautifully laid with crisp linen, ice buckets for champagne and fresh flowers at no extra cost. A lovely touch again.We did not eat in the hotel or visit any of the bars. Breakfast was £26 each which is only to be expected in a hotel of this class.Just a short walk from the hotel we found a lovely little brasserie, serving from 8am until 11pm. Breakfast here was £22 for two of us and quite delicious.Also nearby is a small grocery store selling everything from daily papers to sandwiches and champagne! Location is simply brilliant too, with Hyde Park across the road and just a ten minute walk to Oxford Street. Knightsbridge is also walkable although we chose to cab it. A fabulous hotel.	
Jan 31 2009 	a very nice hotel	The Grosvenor House is well run. It is mostly staffed by young, friendly Northern and Eastern Europeans. The only Brit around was the concierge. The rooms and public areas are in beautiful condition having been fully redecorated over the past few years. The bathrooms are large and are finished to a very high standard. The beds are super comfortable with good quality linens. This is a very quiet hotel which is paramount to this reviewer. I have stayed at the Grosvenor twice in the last year. The location is good; the walk to the Marble Arch tube is about 5 mins. If you're price conscious, make sure you check a lot of sites for the best rate as they vary wildly. Be sure to get a rate that includes breakfast and all taxes. The full breakfast is truly excellent but wildly expensive if you pay for it. My only complaint is that staff can be a bit aloof until you engage them. I did not appreciate arriving by cab and having no one greet me nor offer assistance with luggage. That was a real let down and was a first for a hotel of this caliber. This is a very nice hotel and is very good value in the 4-5 star category if you shop around for a good rate.	
Jan 29 2009 	Another Wonderful Visit	Spent two weekends here recently, and it was as fantastic as previous visits. Renovations are almost complete and things are running very smoothly. They were still doing some painting of the rooms on the fourth floor, but it wasn't very bothersome once in the room.When we first arrived after an overnight flight, I was feeling ill. We were also very early, about 9 am. They sent us straight up to the Executive Lounge and made me some tea. They even checked us in from the lounge so that we wouldn't have to go back down to the lobby front desk. We were settled into our room within 20 minutes of arriving. Very nice concierge. (Thank You again!)They upgraded us to a Jr. Suite the first weekend, as the room we had requested was still occupied and they wanted to get us settled quickly. We got a nice little welcome gift of petit fours and wine. Personally, we both liked the regular rooms better, but I think that a Jr Suite would be nice for someone with children, or those sharing a room with a friend. There is a nice lounge area with television and sofa, and a separate sleeping area. Not really crazy about the red toile wallpaper, but it might appeal to some.... Unfortunately, I didn't take photos of the Jr Suite. Painless check out process and we went on to Bristol Marriott Royal for the week.The following weekend, our requested room was available. As I said before, the end rooms have more windows and just seem really spacious. The bed! Oh that bed is heavenly. Really nice amenities and they are restocked when your room is cleaned during the day, and again while you are gone for dinner. The Executive Lounge is a nice place to have pre-dinner cocktails or champagne, on the house. The food in the lounge tends to be more on the snack side, with a light breakfast or sandwiches available. The later evening desserts are great and shouldn't be passed by. Nice to stop after dinner and have coffee with Baileys and chocolate treats! We have always felt very safe walking around the area, even as late as midnight. A good sleep, and the rooms are very quiet. We never heard the first sound.While checking out early on Sunday morning, a very nice lady greeted us by name and handed us a bag of croissants and go cups of coffee to take with us. A very nice and thoughtful touch. A wonderful way to end another wonderful stay. It's only one of the small things that have earned this place a reputation as one of the top hotels in the world.	
Jan 27 2009 	An Enjoyable stay	For the price I paid 180 US $ it was excellent quality/price. As others have said it's just been refurbished so everything is new. I was there just before Christmas &amp; the lobby with all the white orchids &amp; gold decorations was beautiful especially with the fire lit. I don't know if the hotel was very quiet when I was there but I hardly ever saw any guests. The bars were always empty so there wasn't very much atmosphere about the place. For the same price I would definitely stay here again but if I had to pay the rack rate I would probably opt for another option as my double room was quite small.	
Jan 22 2009	Snide Front Desk	The front desk staff person was not interested in my concerns about connecting rooms, but she was interested in her superiority. Argumentative with the &quot;sniff&quot;. Leering doorman, inappropriate innuendos from service people who were called to fix the tv, smug concierge. They would like guests to feel as uncomfortable and unwelcome as possible, unless they are terribly wealthy. How weird. Who needs this attitude? I'm sorry royalty no longer uses this hotel, get over it!	
Jan 9 2009 	Excellent - so big!	We loved staying there! I had two guests stay with me during my four day stay and honestly the room was so big, everyone wanted to stay longer with me. Beautiful hotel, the bathroom was great and the closet huge. The tv was updated to a flat screen and the black out curtains really worked well for our sleep in day, January 1st. Yes everything is expensive there, soda, drinks, tea everything but I stayed in several other hotels over that next week and this hotel was outstanding.	
Jan 9 2009 	Luxury with bargain prices: loved it!	When I booked a room through priceline at Marriot Grosvenor House, in Mayfair, London, for US215 per night, I got very excited about it, but also s little scared. I loved the idea of a deluxe stay in a great spot of a town that I didn't know at that time, but that I knew I would certainly adore - as I did - , but I thought that maybe I was going to be sent to a &quot;discount room&quot;, like I had read in a few reviews, which would be very frustrating. So I have forced my expectations down and went for it. And everything was great, from the staff and the common spaces to the adorable room, the chic location, the bathroom, linen, everything. A five star, indeed.We had 8 perfect nights in London, an essencial rest, as we walked a lot, but because we enjoy doing that in the cities we like, since transportation is easy from the hotel: the tube and many bus lines at Marble Arch, about 500 metres away. The only con I could think of was the towel changing , that sometimes was mistaken, but that didn't really get to bother me, although I know it should not happen at a 5 star hotel.	
Jan 9 2009	Poor Experience - Still work to be done	Stayed at the Grosvenor House hotel for 2 nights between Christmas and the New Year - was upgraded to a Junior Suite on checking in which was a lovely big room, but the view overlooking the air vents in the middle of the hotel was shocking.Some basic things went wrong too, no bathrobes, no bottled water &amp; no tea/coffee making items - the hotel still has work to do.Staff generally were friendly - could access the Executive Lounge with my room rate and this was by far the best perk - a delicious Afternoon Tea, complimentary drinks including champagne in the evening and lovely snacks. Breakfast in the lounge was busy and had to wait for a table with no apology the inconvenience - choice limited but sufficient for us.Had to seek help as we could not get the televisions to work in the room but this was resolved, loud noise below the room turned out to the fitness room - nothing really could be done other than move rooms.A centrally located hotel with real potential but much work has to be done on guest relations, taking the experience up to J W Marriott standards. As with most London hotels, expensive drinks in the very deserted bar and little restaurant choice in the hotel.In my opinion, I have stayed in better hotels in London but perhaps my experience was an isolated incident - might check it out again in a few months when they have managed to get on top of their major issues following the upgrade to J W Marriott status.	
Jan 6 2009 	Excellent service very good hotel	Staying at the hotel was an overall good experience, the two best things about it were the room service and breakfast. The staff were also very friendly. Marriott GH Clearly deserves to be 5 stars	
Jan 4 2009 	Spacious and stately	The hotel is situated well in the embassy area and is a good base for shopping in a London with a very low Pound compared to the Euro. Five minutes walking to Selfridges at Oxford street and five minutes to New Bond Street. We have stayed here from 30/12 till 2/1.It is only after we have moved to another 5* hotel (the Grange) when we realized that the standard rooms we have stayed in was ridiculous large for a London hotel. The bathroom was about 3 times the size of the one in the Grange hotel. Unfortunately the heater in the bathroom didn't work. If we have complained, they undoubtly have helped us with a new room. Further the kingsize bed was approximately one a half times bigger and better than the one at Grange hotel. If you wonder why we have moved to the Grange hotel (2/1 till 5/1). The view we have there at 10th floor looking out to the London Bridge and Tower of London was amazing. That compensated the luxery and spaciousness, etc...So, for London this is an exceptional hotel in a good area for a price that is more than reasonable (€190).	
Jan 4 2009 	Really Good!	I have been to the GH before, but never stayed. The hotel has had a complete, very smart refurb and now really looks the part of a true, 5+* London hotel. Given that there are three other Marriotts within a 5 minute walk of the GH, they could seem to be competing with each other, but having stayed in the Park Lane and Grosvenor Square Marriotts, this does stand out as the best.I drove into the hotel behind an Aston Martin, and in my old Volvo, was definately ignored as the staff busied themselves around the smarter guests, and this did annoy me. I handed my keys to the doorman for valet parking (£40 - and although hideously expensive, really quite good for this area of London) and dragged my bags to check in. However, the girl at the registration desk could not have been more welcoming and charming, and the 5* treatment began. I was upgraded to a deluxe room, and sure enough it lived up to its name. Very large (esp by London standards, but even by US standards, this was a big room) and very well decorated. Very good finishes, exceptionally good aircon (but noisy), windows that opened, lovely restored antique furniture and huge Marriott bed. Very nice marble bathroom, but no seperate shower.We had cocktails in the Red Bar - very smart bar facing onto Park Lane, but there were TV's all over showing sport, which undid the exclusive feel. Service very good, cocktails even better.Ordered breakfast in the room. Expensive at £29 (for one!), but very well done - huge range, fantastic pastries and the best poached eggs we'd ever had in a hotel and good coffee. Internet not complimentary -hello!!!! Why? This is an expensive hotel - give it for free guys!The GH will appeal to tourists with lots of money and business people attending functions in the biggest ballroom in Europe. I would stay here again, but as I got this as a Marriott points freebie, I have to say, I probably wouldn't choose this at this price, when there is a 4Seasons and a Mandarin Oriental for roughly the same cost within walking distance. However, Park Lane is the best location in town - walking distance to Oxford St, Mayfair and Piccadilly and this place is very smart.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great	My wife and I just returned from a six night stay. Everything was super. The location across from Hyde Park and very close to Marble Arch/Oxford Street is excellent. The shower was hot and had a lot of water pressure. The TV had a wake up call system build into it. We had breakfast every morning at the Le Petit resturant (and two dinners also). I wish that we could have had a king or queen sized bed as opposed to two doubles pushed together. I missed having a chocolate on my pillow with the turn down service. The room was large. The bathroom was very large.	
Dec 29 2008 	Oh.. Ill never stay there again!	bad experience..Breakfast is the only thing that was good there.. Absolute mess!	
Dec 28 2008 	Marriot Comfort - London Location was good	Just back from a 9 day stay at the Grosvenor House. There is (walking distance) another Grosvenor Hotel at Grosvenor Square so be certain you are at the right location. This hotel: Very good (close to great) and consistant service from check-in to roomserviceing to dining to tea. Third floor room was larger than expected and was told this was standard size, king bed was awesome comfortable, elevators quick. Breakfast was included in our fare and included a buffet and egg chef. Lovely and satisfing enough to make this a two meal / day vacation. Marble Arch Tube is closest and a five minute walk. Oxford street shopping same. Wife and &amp; used taxis for the most part because we needed to maximize our time. Bedroom was so quite and dark we tended to sleep till 10AM, have a quick breakfast and bolt to our next museum. A cloudy December will find it near dark around 4:30PM by the way. Only one nearby pub and resturant other than the hotel one Dorchester and the other nearby 5 stars. Across from the US Embassy find Maze which was excellent. Safety: Felt very safe wandering around the area.	
Dec 19 2008 	great!	This hotel is great! The only reason that it is not higher is the list is that the it has been gutted recently and the poor reviews seem to relate to previously. The hotel has obviously had a complete make over and is lovely and totally well run. We really only had two complaints. Our room was an unbelievably long walk from the lifts and we kept getting lost and the food prices are a bit stiff. Otherwise, as I said, great. We arrived really early from the airport and asked if we could leave our bags but were given a room straight away and even upgraded in spite of being on a Priceline rate! The area is good being a short walk to Oxford or Bond Streets and lots of the famous London clubs are down before you get to Piccadilly.	
Dec 17 2008	Fabulous stay!	This hotel was great from the start - the manager upgraded us to a superior room and was so accomodating after we didn't like the first room (it was a smoking room and we are not smokers). Even though we were on the 3rd floor, we heard nothing from outside. The rooms are insulated for sound and so quiet. The doormen are always ready to get your cab and the concierge is very helpful. Our room was great. Everything was new and clean. The bed was very comfortable. They turn down the beds at night, have great up to date bathrooms and spacious rooms (unlike many other London hotels). We had a wonderful stay! I have stayed at other London hotels and this was my favorite. We got a deal on priceline for $175 per night, but I would have paid more to stay there.	
Dec 11 2008 	Nice hotel but not a good first impression	I stayed here as i was attending an award show with work. I was part of a group of 6 colleauges. When we checked in there was a mixup with the booking.we were asked for a credit card. before we could ask why the card had been swipped, when we did ask we was told that we had to pay. even though the confirmation we gave the staff member clearly said that the bill should go back to the travel agent. The member of staff then acted like we was an inconvience. she seemed to forget that we were the customers. while other guests were asked if they wanted a paper and a wake up call this was not once offered. a bad start and not the kind of service i come to expect from a 5 star hotel. On the plus side the rooms were very clean and spacious and other staff that i come came in to contact were very good and friendly most of them saying hello.	
Dec 5 2008 	Decadent and Pleasurable!	This was booked for me via the Priceline website and I was horrified to read that another Guest had used Priceline and felt they were treated differently by the hotel, and the staff. I can only think that this person was simply unlucky, since my experience of the Hotel was completely the opposite.I arrived to find I had been upgraded to a beautiful King Suite on the 8th Floor of this hotel. Wonderful rooms, spacious elegant and very quiet. I was actually disappointed to have to leave to attend a dinner engagement elsewhere, as I could happily have snuggled up in a robe, ordered in room service and watched a movie!I was particularly impressed by the unobtrusive manner of the staff.Breakfast in the room was great, excellent menu choices.	
Nov 25 2008 	Loved it!!!	I thought this hotel was absolutely great. It was my husbands 30th birthday and they upgraded our room and also left us a bottle of wine. Its touches like that, that makes a place. All the staff are really friendly. The hotel was also recommended to us by our taxi driver who told us it was better than the Dorchester - cant comment because I havent stayed there. The food in the restaurant is really good as well. The only thing it does lack is a good gym and when they do the turndown service at night a chocolate would be nice!!	
Nov 24 2008 	A really special treat	I was lucky enough to be treated to 1 night (afternoon tea and breakfast was included in the package) stay at the Grosvenor House Hotel. The staff were professional and keen to make the stay enjoyable. For 5 star luxury the package (£280) was fantastic. The hotel is in a great location, close to all the action on Oxford Street. Our room was at the back of the hotel and perfectly quiet. I would recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Nov 16 2008 	Gorgeous Five-Star Hotel	I booked the Grosvenor House for a couple of nights in November 2008. This is an impressive hotel. The public areas are expansive and absolutely gorgeous, and my room was very comfortable, with a distinct entranceway and a decent-sized marble tile bathroom.The take-out coffee and pastries in the lobby level are a definite plus, as you would have to walk a number of blocks before you hit a coffee bar - the immediate area around the hotel is mostly mansions and upscale car dealerships.It is true that they do not have enough Internet access in the hotel. I also agree that, although they seem to try hard and are very cordial, the service is not yet at the level of, say, the fabulous Landmark, which I feel is the best five-star hotel in London. But the location - near Oxford Street shopping - is excellent, and I would definitely stay at the Grosvenor House again.	
Nov 15 2008	Gracious but Modern. Loved it!	We stayed at the Grosvenor Park Lane Marriott as guests of a relative who is on the New Orleans Saints when the team visited London to play at Wembley Stadium. Therefore, WE did not choose this hotel. The Saints' staff (or the NFL?) did. However, we were VERY happy w/their choice! I am amazed at the bashing of this hotel that some have given it and have to wonder, were these people staying at the same hotel we stayed in? If so, we certainly had different experiences! It is in the upscale residential area of Mayfair, but it's not like you get the feel of it being all that much of a residential area (except that it's lot quieter than, say, Oxford St. nearby.) Hyde Park is across the st. It was very handy to shopping and dining, as well as restaurants. Both the Piccadilly and Bond Tube Lines were within an easy 10 min. or so walk. Oxford St., the main shopping st. in London, is about a 5 min. walk.Upon entering the hotel there was a lovely fragrance of calla lillies that were in tall vases in the lobby. The hotel is beautifully decorated and slightly more contemporary styled in the main public rooms than you might expect. There is a nice little deli/breakfast area that is good for quicker breakfasts or a snack, plus their main restaurant. The lounge is large and attractive. Elevators worked quickly. The banquet rooms were well designed and the food served at the 2 functions we attended in them were very good, as was their buffet breakfast on our last morning. We arrived around 1:30 p.m. on a Thur. in mid-Oct., but our room was not yet ready. They had us down for a king bed, but we had wanted two beds. My husband checked the room they planned to give us and it was quite small. They told us the only room w/2 beds they would have available was a smoking room. Someone we knew said they had been given a smoking room but it had NO odor of smoke whatsoever. So we accepted the much larger smoking room w/2 beds.The front desk was very nice about our dissatisfactions, and said our room would be ready in about an hr. and they would take our luggage up while we were away. We joined our daughter and her inlaws, and left the hotel for 2 hrs. or so. Upon our return, our room was ready. It was tastefully and elegantly furnished, and very comfortable. There was no smell of smoke at all. But our luggage had not been brought up. I called and it was immediately delivered. (The bellhop didn't seem to be the brightest star in the sky for sure! But that was minor.) This delay in luggage delivery and the time it took to get our room were the ONLY complaints we had about the entire 4 night stay. However, there was no stopper in our tub, and I love to take long, hot soaks after walking all around. The next morning I mentioned this to a staff member in the elevator who appeared to be a housekeeping supervisor. She asked me our room # and said she would take care of it immediately. After breakfast, not only had she taken care of that, but someone had replaced a burned out lightbulb in our foyer ceiling fixture, which had made it difficult to see when using the closet next to the front door prior to this. I was impressed that this was noticed w/out our mentioning it and taken care of so quickly!No matter what we needed, the staff was more than courteous and happy to help. They were not at all stuffy and were very friendly. The concierge desk was helpful on a couple of occassions and those there were usually able to give us good advice re: the particulars of various sights and destinations. If the person at the desk didn't know something, he managed to find out. It was cool to have doormen in top hats as well! (Just for photo ops to impress the folks back home!) I have to mention that on our last morning, I was late coming down to breakfast. My husband had joined others in a large dining room that was where a breakfast buffet was being held for the departing team and their guests. I had trouble locating everyone else, and was very late. Although I arrived just before it was being broken down, the staff urged me to take my time and enjoy my breakfast. One of them came over to us and carried on a very friendly and informative conversation, and there was NO HINT of my being rushed. Quite the opposite! I was told to relax and enjoy my meal, and they really seemed to mean it! I've not been inside of other hotels in London in this price range, which admittedly is above what we would normally be able to afford. But London is an expensive city and for the location and quality, based on hotels I did scout out in comparison, it was priced as reasonably as others in it's class and location. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and highly DO recommend it!	
Nov 4 2008 	Fantastic!	What a fantastic hotel - great stay! It certainly has transformed and this was my first stay since it rebranded to JW Marriott, a brand I stay with worldwide. The room was incredibly comfortable and spacious (rare in London) with the usual luxury of Marriott bedding.Service was second to none and we particularly enjoyed Bord'eaux - great for a leisurely lunch with some friends.	
Oct 28 2008 	Five star swish	Well maintained and comfortable room and bathroom. Breakfast quite good, though expensive. Reception staff polite and helpful. All front of house looked the part and well groomed.	
Oct 28 2008 	Should be TripAdvisor's No.1	This is a 5 Star Hotel, so you'd expect everything about it to be excellent....And it is. We were at Grosvenor House to 2 nights, initially occuping 3 rooms in both smoking and non-smoking sections of the hotel. All rooms were stunning. The hotel has recently been revamped, and all areas from the lobby and dining areas to individual rooms &amp; bathrooms are flawless. But it is the welcome and service of a young and enthusiastic team of the staff which sets this hotel apart. For instance, we'd additionally booked a fourth room for 1 night for my brother and his new wife (it was their wedding day and they checked in en route to Istanbul). Despite our booking being at a reduced rate, when we informed the hotel of the occasion, they immediately up-graded my brother's room to a fabulous suite with views over Hyde Park. Similarly, at check-in our requests for twin, king and queen size rooms were all immediately accomodated. Likewise, staff in the breakfast diningroom are courteous &amp; eager to please, taking a geniune interest in guests and meeting any dietary qwerks. Location-wise, the hotel is perfect; a 5 minute stroll from Selfridges &amp; Oxford Street, and immediately overlooking Hyde Park. And despite the proximity to the busy Park Lane, all rooms have sound-proofed windows, so there's no concerns about street-noise or sleepless nights! I've really searched to find fault with Grosvenor House, and there's nothing much to find; erratic elevators, maybe, but that's it. Defintely we'll be back.	
Oct 28 2008	Slightly disappointing...	Grosvenor House JW Marriott Hotel. Pk Lane London W1. 5* rated.2 night weekend stay. A Hotel review is based on a personal and subjective opinion.What may be acceptable to you, may not be to me, and vice versa.Location: Premium. Upscale Park Lane. Marble Arch Tube 5 mins. Oxford St shopping 5 mins away.Safety: Very good 8/10. Although big city common sense always applies.Check in: Good. Looked at several rooms to choose from. Staff helpful, mostly European.Property: A London icon. Re-branded as a JW Marriott Sept 08. Refurbished to a high(ish) standard. Period furnishings mated with modern technology. No wifi...shocking but true.Well furnished comfortable but small bedrooms. Luxurious bathrooms with marble, excellent rain shower, quality personal care products, quality towels, bathrobe etc.Room: Bed should be better for a 5* Hotel. Good pillow choice and high thread count sheets and duvet set. Not a true pillow-top, but rather an add-on soft top over a traditional mattress. I actually found it uncomfortable. Not up to the Starwood Heavenly bed quality. 6/10Conclusion: I wish I could say it was great, but overall, it did not live up to its legendary reputation or to the JW Marriott standard. A slightly disappointing experience. US rating: Solid 4 starStay again? Probably not. Value: Poor. 6/10	
Oct 15 2008	Beautiful hotel great location	We stayed here for 8 nights this month, using Marriott Rewards points. The hotel is beautiful and very elegant. In fact, more than once I felt as if I should apologize for the way we were dressed, since most of the people we saw in the lobby and common areas were much more dressed up than us!Our room (#568) was small (typical of European hotels) but very nicely furnished. Our view was awful, but that didn't bother us, since we were out sightseeing most of the day anyway. The bed didn't seem to be the standard Marriott Reviva bed, and was a little too firm, but did have a separate pillow top covering. There was a large closet and chest of drawers for clothes, and a nice TV (I think it was a 42&quot; screen).The marble bathroom was actually larger than I expected, with lots of counter space and nice thick towels. The only real complaint we had was with the shower. While there was a standard overhead showerhead in the tub, this was nonfunctioning. Instead, it had been replaced with a hand held contraption that was very difficult to use, as there was no way to attach it to the wall or anything. To make matters worse, because of the way the flexible metal hose was made, it tended to crimp and when that happened, startling changes of water temperature would occur. After a couple of days, I settled on a method that worked for me, and I share this for the sake of all the women out there - I would wash my hair under the bath faucet, then put the plug in the drain, shave my legs, take the plug out, and then, and only then, turn on the shower head and rinse off and get the conditioner out of my hair. This seemed to work okay, but I have to say, I was really happy to get back to my own shower!There are several restaurants and lounges in the hotel. We did a small breakfast at the little cafe most mornings, they have pastries, coffee (nasty) and tea (wonderful). The same place, Bord'eaux, has a sit-down restaurant as well, where we did breakfast one day and a light meal one afternoon, it's pricey (as is everything in London) but nice enough. We also did the afternoon tea at the Park Room one day, and that was wonderful. There are a couple of lounges, and we did drinks at the Library one night, very nice atmosphere.The hotel is located right on Park Lane in between Hyde Park Corner and Marble Arch undergroud stations. The neighborhood is very nice, very upper class and quiet.	
Oct 13 2008 	A Place to Be Pampered	Every positive thing that has been said about this hotel is true. The stay was a wonderful experience, and the staff seemed to do everything to pamper you. While I would not place the hotel in the category of the finest hotels I have stayed, it certainly did not disappoint.The only small problem I had was access to the internet. As I did not travel with a computer, there seems to be only two ways to access the internet. One was through the television in your room. There was a charge for the access. I did not mind the charge, however, manuvering through the internet with the television keyboard was difficult and clumsy. The only other way to access the internet was a computer located on the ground floor. The problem that there was only one computer, and I was never able to find the computer free of a user.	
Sep 19 2008	Grosvenor House by Marriott in London England	We recently stayed at this hotel, Grosvenor House, and were so impressed by the personal service we received. Can't say enough about this quality hotel. Location was great, service exceptional, food out of this world and just a GREAT hotel. Thank you, Grosvenor House for making our 8 days there so wonderful!!Barbara and Harlan HighsmithDenver, Colorado	
Sep 18 2008 	I love it!	It was the best experience for me since long time as usually London hotels compare to other destination not always the best. But I think and I am talking here about the service, it is 5 stars plus and I really felt that I am at home, And I think this property deserve to be a JW MarriottThere in no doubt I will stay in the new JW Marriott next time, because service, food rooms and stuff are all 5 stars	
Sep 15 2008 	The best beds ... ever	Stayed for two nights in Sept 08 for a birthday celebration, and we were given an upgrade and free chocolates due to the special occasion. Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful.The hotel has recently undergone a refurbishment, and as a result all areas felt clean and smart. The room was large and clean, and the bed was fabulous ... absolutely huge and comfortable as a cloud. We didn't eat in the hotel at all, but had a couple of drinks in the bar at the end of an evening out. As with other public areas in the hotel, we found the bar to be spacious and pleasant. Complementary selection of nibbles with our drinks was a nice touch.The hotel's location is very good (although a little far from the tube when carrying heavy bags): close to Oxford Street, Bond Street, Knightsbridge etc, and very easy to get to the West End.By coincidence the hotel hosted the Mercury Music Prize during our stay.Had we paid full price I would be a little disappointed with a couple of small things, but, as we secured a great deal via Priceline, we were happy with the 3* price for a 5* stay. Would definitely return.	
Sep 8 2008 	Dirty rude staff expensive and snooty	I booked a 5 star hotel through priceline for £105 and it gave us the grosvenor. I booked it for my fiancee's birthday and made the hotel aware of this when contacting them to request a king bed. I had also requested a room with some sort of view which they said they could offer if available at check in. For the price it all seemed good and my fiancee was very excited.One tip if you arrive by tube...go to marble arch and not hyde park corner.On check in we were only greeted at the desk. We entered from Park Lane which is not the main entrance. The main entrance is on a side road where you are greeted by porters dressed in top and tail. Reception were friendly and gave us our keys to the room after completing the paperwork. There was no offer for anyone to take our bags nor show us to the room.Entering the room it was small, but that was expected, and there was no view at all. The bed was pulled out and to on one side of the room and where the bed should have been there was plaster wrappers and other rubbish on the floor. My fiancee contacted the reception and 5 minutes later the male who ahd checked us in arrived at the room. He gave us keys to another room which was an &quot;upgrade&quot; and told us how to find it. Still there was no offer to take our bags nor were we shown to the room.Entering the second room it was slightly larger and this time it had a view of hyde park. We were happy with the move but still slightly disappointed with the level of service. Thirty minutes later we were getting ready to go out for dinner. I was in my boxer shorts and my fiancee was just taking off her trousers and in walks a maintenance man to change one of the outside light bulbs. No knock at the door, he just let himself in and then introduced himself to my shocked fiancee explaining that the housekeeping had sent him. Not wanting to ruin our night away we decided not to complain and continued to get ready for dinner. Looking forward to a nice shower i go to the bathroom and go take the bath mat from the corner of the bath where it was rolled up to find that it was covering a large number of pubic hairs which lined the top of the bath. This was now becoming a disaster but i still did not wish to spoil my fiancees's birthday further by constantly complaining so i washed them away myself. We then considered whether to order breakfast in bed and contacted reception to confirm the prices which are extremely unclear on the order form. It turned out that an english breakfast was £53 for two people and continental breakfast £42. The rest of the night went without any problems and we were having a lovely sleep in the large comfy bed until 8am when yet again we had an unwanted guest. This time in the form of a maid who again did not knock and simply let herself in and when challenged she simply replied &quot;maid service&quot;. She was quickly ordered to leave and we decided to put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; form outside and attempted to get back to sleep. Only 30 minutes later we were again woken, at least this time they had the decency to knock but obviously decided that it doesn't matter if you have a do not disturb sign on display. Needless to say we could not wait to leave and duly filled in their customer comment card. The only positive i can give is the comfort of the bed. Other than that there is nothing to make this hotel special. There was sick on the corridor carpet, both rooms were dirty, the staff rude and inconsiderate. Music has to be paid for even though most hotels above 3 star now provide free music and does not come cheap and there are no little nice touches such as tea and coffee.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great bed but skip the breakfast!	I have stayed here a few times, usually as part of a function package. This weekend we stayed just as private tourists on the hotels &quot;Discounted Escape&quot; package. The room was not bad value given the location and star rating of the hotel and was a nice size and well appointed. The bed was huge and fabulous! Excellent quality bed linen, fantastic mattress and plenty of pillows. Even though we booked a superior room the bathroom was rather small and it was disappointing to have a shower over the bath rather than a separate walk in shower. However my biggest complaint is the breakfast bill. Even though we booked a weekend package, our rate did not include breakfast. However that was OK once we realised the situation. what was not OK was being charged £3.50 for *each cup* of coffee over breakfast and £2.95 for a glass of juice! Even the round of toast we ordered to go with our poached eggs was charged separately! Also very naughty that the hotel adds 12.5% service and then leaves a space on the bill for &quot;gratuity&quot;! Definitely a rip-off which let down the hotel at the end of what had been a very nice stay.	
Sep 5 2008 	Very Nice London Hotel	We booked 6 people into 3 rooms for a 2 night stay at the Grosvenor House at the end of a 2 week trip to Europe. Having already visited Italy and France before arriving in London, we wanted a nice, luxurious hotel for the end of our trip because we knew we would be getting tired and dreading the trip back home. We certainly made the right decision! It's difficult enough to find a nice, affordable hotel in London and we thought that finding a nice one within our budget would be difficult. I sat at the computer one night on the name-your-price website and my British husband laughed at me as I entered $250/night for a 5-star hotel in the Bloomsbury/Soho area. I never expected my offer to be accepted, especially for 3 rooms, but we were lucky enough to get the Grosvenor House!!The rooms were all 3 exquisite with the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The front desk staff was very helpful and the location was superb. We did have a bit of a stressful check in as the taxi dropped us at the wrong entrance, so there was no one to help us with our luggage (6 people, each with a suitecase and carry-on bag). We had to wait outside with the luggage until a bellman was able to bring the trolleys around for us which took about 10 minutes, so make a note, don't get dropped off at the Park Lane entrance! The only other issue was with the restaurant/lounge in the hotel. After the theater we wanted a simple snack and some hot chocolate. We were 6 of the maybe 10 people there, so it certainly was not too busy. We order 6 hot chocolates at a cost of 5 pounds each, a cheese tray and a dessert tray, each 12 pounds. It took nearly a half hour to get the hot chocolate, which was powder mixed with hot water, nothing like the hot chocolate we had been accustomed to throughout Europe. It was about 20 more minutes before the cheese and dessert arrived, we never saw our server again. The cheese was supposed to be served with fruit, nuts, honey and bread. There was only cheese with bread we literally could not break. The dessert tray was to have several types of small desserts, there only a large slice of chocolate torte. We could not find anyone in the restaurant to complain to, so we went to the front desk and it was all taken care of for us, but still disappointing as we went to bed hungry!Everything else at the hotel was wonderful, would definitely stay there again, just not bother trying the lounge after the theater!	
Aug 8 2008 	Beauty and elegance	I stayed at Grosvenor House for a special night away, and it was certainly that. The hotel is beautiful and elegant, with the bedroom absolutely wonderful. All of the staff were great; They just seemed to dissapear into the background when you didn’t need them, but appear just at the right moment to order another drink, or your food. We ate at Bord'eaux outside on the Park Lane terrace which was lovely, and I cannot fault the food at all. Not knowing London that well, I wasn’t sure how close things were, everything seems to be on the doorstep, with Oxford Street only 5 mins walk! I have stayed in Marriott hotels before, and one thing is for sure... The bed is just the most amazing bed you will ever sleep on. They are huge and everso comfortable!! All in all, a luxury 5 Star hotel, quite rightly so, and most definitely worth a stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	luxury at its best	Just got back from a wonderful 5 night stay at this excellent hotel.I live a lot in hotels, and Grosvenor House tops the list when it comes to room comfort and service. The huge kingsize bed was so comfortable, the bed linen top quality, the place always spotless clean, this is one top Marriott Hotel. The breakfast buffet is a dream, such a wide array of fresh food and fruits to start theday right. It is quite pricey but definitely worth its price. Staff are friendly except for one drag, the young man (I forgive him though)at the reception who checked me in wanted to know exactly how much money I have on my credit card, bless his soul. I didn't think this was any of his business but he must have good reasons to have asked that. Overall, I would definitely come back to this hotel, I just loved coming back to my room after a day's shopping and a night at the theater. I slept like a baby, all 5 nights of my stay.	
Jul 15 2008 	A great experience	This hotel is undergoing a major renovation. The rooms that are in use are already renovated, and we had a spacious, well equipped room. Staff were friendly and extremely helpful. Facilities were outstanding. I would recommend this hotel highly to anyone wanting a great location and a luxury hotel.	
Jun 8 2008 	Excellent choice in London	My wife and I just got back from this wonderful hotel. The other reviewers have already addressed most of the great things about the hotel and location so I want to address the concierge lounge. What an incredible staff! These women made out stay so much better than average with their kindness and outgoing personalities.The breakfast spread was fantastic and they even served complimentary high tea in the afternoon that cost about $60 per person downstairs. In the early evening were complimentary cocktails (premium liquor) and canapes. After dinner, incredible desserts were served with access to the cocktails as well.Absolutely Superb!	
Jun 1 2008 	Greatly improved	I'd been to a couple of events at the hotel a couple of years ago, and although i didn't stay on those occasions, thought the public areas a bit shabby and faded.So when I was provided with a room here courtesey of a large computer company I wasn't really looking forward to it.But there's been a dramatic transformation recently: the large, spacious public areas are beautifully decorated; although about 20 of us turned up at once the Check-in service was efficient and friendly and created that all-important good first impression.My room was spacious abd beautifully-decorated, lovely marble bathroom and *the* most comfortable bed, itself the size of a small swimming pool. Luxury!Breakfast was very good, although at £30 you'd expect it to be.If I stay in London I usually try to save up for Claridge's, but that has become so expensive that I may try The Grosvenor House again.	
May 27 2008 	Beautiful Old World Hotel on Park Lane in Mayfair	The Grosvenor House is the perfect choice for those who enjoy the experience of an old world, luxury hotel. The property is stately and elegant. We were only in London for a few nights, but found ourselves not wanting to leave the Hotel...it was that wonderful! Staying at The Grosvenor House is like staying at one of the original Ritz-Carlton's....formal, elegant, but relaxed. We dined in the restaurant and on the terrace for breakfast and dinner. The staff was wonderful and overly attentive...making this stay perfect for our weekend experience. This hotel is a wonderful hotel for anyone looking for a refined experience in Mayfair.	
May 27 2008 	Impeccable standards	Just returned from a long weekend at this impeccable Marriott property in London. It was absolutely fabulous, and I found it reminscent of The Plaza (NYC) in many ways. From the time we were ushered in the door until the time we checked out, the service was excellent. The doormen were always helpful and friendly, the front desk staff did everything the ensure that we had a pleasant stay, even the maids were friendly when you encountered them. One night, we rushed back to the hotel to change for dinner, and the maid was in the process of turning down our room for the night -- she was very gracious and understanding, even though we were interupting her work. The lobby areas had a beautiful scent, and the front desk staff went above and beyond to find me the name and contact information of the distributor, as well as the name of the fragrance. EXCELLENT service.The room was HUGE, especially by European standards. It was well appointed, well lit, and extremely comfortable. The beds are the updated Marriott beds, and we enjoyed them after a long day of exploring London. The bathrooms are beautiful as well -- dual shower heads and a comfortably sized bathtub. Very well lit, but no outlets in the bathroom, except for a razor. There are 2 restaurants, a bar, and a small cafe on site. The bar closes early, as do most hotel bars in London, unless you are a guest. The cafe offers pastries, coffee, and small things to be taken away. We didn't have tea in the restaurant, but their afternoon tea service looked delicious! The location was also excellent. Marble Arch (central line) is the closest tube station, although Hyde Park Corner station is very close, too. It is directly across from Hyde Park in a very posh neighborhood, and we didn't have any trouble with noise at night. Everywhere we went seemed to be a short tube ride away in one direction or another.This is far and away the best hotel I have stayed at in London, and I cannot understand why it isn't rated higher than it is. I was extremely impressed and enjoyed my stay immensely.	
May 26 2008 	Great service!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel using Marriott Rewards. When we arrived they upgraded us right away. The room was bigger then I expected but the view we got wasn't as great as I had hoped for (not facing Hyde Park). The front desk was absolutely wonderful. We received a letter from them letting us know there was a TV outtage in the middle of the night and for their appologies they gave us free chocolates. The following day our TV was still not working so we phoned down to the front desk and they sent someone up to help immediately; the problem was fixed in less then 5 minutes.The hotel also supplies you with your own umbrella which came in handy the whole trip as it rained while we were there visiting. They also supply you with robes and slippers (I believe you can take the slippers home but I left them in the room).Overrall, I would deffinitely use points again and stay in this hotel when visiting next time (too much US dollars for me to spend!!!)	
Apr 30 2008 	All the Best of London	My Partner and I stayed at the Grosvenor House during a last minute trip to London and we were glad we did.The Hotel is more than charming and elegant - it truly is a jewel. Upon entry we were greeted like Royalty. Upon check in we received the room type we wanted with gracious smiles and the front desk agents even gave us a quick lesson on British Money.We loved the scent that was pumped into the lobby was great as well - it felt clean and welcoming.We got our Coffee and Pastry in the mornings from the restaurant and we were always treated wonderfully.The Concerige were also great and never gave us bad advice and because of thier great knowledge, we had an amazing trip.The location also cannot be beat - next to Hyde Park, the Underground, the US Embassy, and great shopping you are minutes away from all that London has to offer.The Grosvenor House was worth the extra money, and we will patronize them again without question.	
Apr 29 2008 	Decadent elegance...	I stayed for one night as part of my birthday celebration combining a West End Show with a nice hotel.The attention to detail,luxury &amp; customer experience was second to none.As part of my booking I could take advantage of the 'Executive Lounge' which served complimentary Continental breakfast. afternoon tea &amp; evening snacks including wine/champagne.What luxury &amp; what a hotel...well done Marriott ( I shall be back for more one day)	
Mar 19 2008 	My favorite hotel in London! Fabulous service 	I have stayed at the Grosvenor House for my birthday weekend in February for the past three years. It was acquired by Marriott &amp; has been undergoing a multi-year, multi-million $$ renovation which will be finished late in 2008/early 2009. The majority of it is done. When the renovations are complete it will be rebranded as the JW Marriott or JW Grosvenor House.This is my favorite hotel in London. The service/staff are excellent. What's the Mastercard ad? Priceless! They truly go above &amp; beyond to make sure their guests are happy, meet any needs, solve any problems (not that I've experienced any problems). I can't speak highly enough of the staff.The property itself is quite lovely. It's one of the grand dame hotels in London on Park Lane, overlooking Hyde Park. The lobby is large and elegant. Well actually the entire hotel is elegant, especially post renovation. You can take a photo tour of the property/rooms/bars/restaurants on the hotel's website.The rooms have been remodeled, and are quite nice. Especially the bed! Totally comfy; wish I had the same one at home. They have large flat screen tvs in the rooms. Room size varies, depending on type of room reserved. Bathrooms are marble. Hairdryers are provided. There is internet in the room, but at a charge. There is a mini-bar in the room. Room service is 24/7.I have elite status with Marriott, which entitles me to access to the executive lounge. The staff there, as per the norm, are cheerful &amp; helpful. They have continental breakfast in the mornings, some pastries mid-day, afternoon tea w/ sandwiches, cocktail hour with hors d'eouvres, and then evening pastries. They have a free internet terminal in the lounge, and free wifi is available if you have your laptop. The lounge is long, and in the far room there is a flat-screen tv. Lot of chairs &amp; couches to sit on &amp; relax.When I was there they had just opened Bord'eaux, a Parisian brasserie. The food was wonderful, as was the atmosphere. Bord'eaux also has a patio overlooking the park, so I imagine that it will be quite popular in the spring/summer/early autumn, to sit out there &amp; have a drink or a meal.Later in the year they're opening another restaurant, which will be run by Richard Corrigan (evidently a famous chef). In addition, they have LeP'tit Cafe, which is a small French cafe where you can get coffees, tea, and scrumptious pastries. Plus it has an area to sit &amp; read the newspapers, which are provided on a stand. There is also the Park Room, which overlooks Hyde Park. If you decide to do the afternoon tea, get a table by the window. Lovely views. There is also the Champagne Bar in the Park Room, the Red Bar (yes it's red), and The Library for drinks, meals or snacks.The location is a good one. It's about a 5-10 minute walk from the Marble Arch tube stop, or a 10-15 minute from Hyde Park tube stop depending on how fast you walk &amp; how much luggage you have with you. When I've stayed there I've just taken the Heathrow Express to Paddington &amp; then a cab to the hotel. But having easy access to the tube makes getting around London easy, and again w/ the location easy access to pubs, restaurants, shops &amp; sights. The hotel is only a couple of blocks from the US Embassy, and not that far from Oxford Street. It's in a residential area.Later in the year they are going to open up a full spa. Can't wait to try that next time I'm there. In addition they're also bringing back the hair salon. The pool/health club renovation is taking longer than expected, so that probably won't open until early '09. Short-term they've located the health club on (I think) the 2nd floor, and can make arrangements w/ other properties for pool access.I highly recommend this property to anyone staying in London!	
Mar 18 2008 	Good service but ....	Attended a &quot;Black Tie Dinner&quot; at this hotel &amp; was kindly booked in by my hosts - when I arrived all the computers were down but they still seamlessly checked me in.Once I got to my room none of the electrics were working but this was sorted in less than 5 minutes which I though was brilliant.All the staff were friendly &amp; helped with our &quot;touristy&quot; questions (including how to find Buckingham Palace!!)However I know we pay a premium for a good location on Park Lane but certainly wouldn't say it was 5* &amp; wouldn't choose as a hotel for luxury again.	
Jan 24 2008 	A little London luxury...	We decided to take our highly excited 3 year old to see Father Christmas in London. After a nightmare journey, we arrived at this wonderful hotel, where the challenges of our journey soon became a distant memory. The staff at this hotel were so child friendly, remembering my daughters name each time they saw her and really helping to make our stay memorable. The location was fantastic with easy access to Hyde Park as well as the shops in Oxford Street. As for the room service breakfast, an abolute treat for us all!	
Jan 22 2008	nice hotel	Booked this hotel a couple of months in advance and managed to get the room including breakfast for 2 for under 200 quid,arrived about midday, and was pleasantly surprised the room was ready, we got a business room, it wasn't massive but was very clean, tidy and had everything you needed, check in was easy and quick, no problems with the language barrier, impressive lobby area, 5 min stroll to oxford street and opposite hyde park. drinks aren't cheap here, vodka and orange was £9.50, bottle of bud was £5.25 so bring plenty of money, didn't eat here , as oxford st was so close, plenty of places outside to eat, bar staff very helpful, check out was easy, the grand room is just that very grand... building work didn't impede our stay, wouldn't have known any was going on...all in all a good place to stay..	
Jan 17 2008 	Very comfortable great location	Stayed at Grosvenor House over Christmas 2007. Hotel is undergoing remodel. We did not have a remodeled room, but ours was clean, well maintained and very, very comfortable, just the same. Very pleasant and helpful staff. Great location if you want a quiet area as respite from the tumult of London, but easy access to the action when you want it. I've stayed in five different London hotels in the last thirteen months. My two favorites are this and Chancery Court (which is very special.) The area here was preferable for walking (CC area is pretty dead on weekends, but both have excellent tube access.)	
Jan 12 2008 	Moderate	5 star location facing onto Hyde Park. Hotel under renovations. Rooms are decent if small. Public areas are grand. The hotel is missing something special about it. Maybe its the renovations. The hotel seemed empty to me over New Years in London.	
Jan 7 2008 	A Disaster ... Eevn the Second Time	Let's just get down to the good and the bad. This is aa competitive city with many great hotels, so when you charge up there with the best of them you need to deliver.The good is the executive club and some of the staff. The club is great, with some nice wine and canapes in the evening, great for pre theatre drinks, and a good breakfast every morning. Some of the staff are also top notch.Unfortunately, the bad overwhelms it. Service is generally awful ... for example, we highlighted a noise in the air conditioning to reception one evening, to be woken by a knock by enginerring in the early morning (ie 5am !) to rectify it !!! This can't be for real; at thiss time we just want to sleep ! Also, rooms are in poor confition where they are yet to be renovated; and the hotel itself is hard to get around while the hotel is being upgraded. In all, I have stayed at several good hotels in London. For the price, this is the worst I have been at.	
Dec 18 2007 	Hyde Park Heaven? Almost.	The reception was a little chaotic and there was confusion over our reservation. We endured what can only politely be described as communication problems and some of the staff at reception would benefit from overcoming the English language barrier. However, do not be dissuaded by your reception as this is a fine hotel offering a comfortable stay, so please read on.The hotel overlooks Hyde Park which is just across the road and is therefore ideally located for early morning exercise. It is larger on the inside than it looks from the outside. Our room was on the 8th floor and it took a good 5 to 10 minutes to reach our accommodation! I would recommend a porter guides you to your room as you could easily become lost!Our superior room was clean and very spacious, featuring a flat screen television, three fitted wadrobes as storage space, a well stocked mini bar and a large en-suite bathroom offering a wide range of high quality toiletries. It also featured a powerful, rainfall shower leaving you feeling refreshed for dinner in the evening and departure in the morning.The food was of a good quality and the restaurant staff were professional in their service.The checkout in the morning fell short of what I would expect from a hotel of this standard. Considering that the reception desk in a hotel is where potential or confirmed guests gain their first impression of the hotel, it is a shame as it leaves you misguided as to the much better service and facilities on offer within.I would like to extend special praise to Matthew at the front door for hailing a taxi for me, which was no mean feat in the Friday morning rush hour!	
Dec 4 2007 	Grand hotel	I stayed here with my parents and younger sister as my parents were attending a charity event in the hotel. Very good location with good parking facilities nearby. The entrance to the hotel is very large and grand. Whilst we were there half of the rooms were being renovated. Unfortunately we were in one of the older rooms and had to pass through lots of dusty building work to get there. Having said that the room was very large and comfortable and very clean, it was only the bathroom really that needed renovating. The rooms was an adjoining room with 2 bathrooms and two huge bedrooms, one of which had a large sitting area with 2 big sofas. As the hotel is massive it also seems to take a week just to walk to some of the rooms!! Breakfast was very good with a very large variety of foods. The only problem was that as the hotel was full due to the charity event, breakfast was very very busy, and my parents seemed to know everyone!!! All in all a very good impression and i look forward to returning.	
Dec 4 2007 	Massively overrated	This is supposedly a classic world class property. It certainly charges a world class price. Sadly, its design fatally undermines its promise. About half the rooms look inwards into 1920s light wells, lined in grimy wash brick, with the ground floor a nest of air conditioning plant which hums 24 hours a day. No-one would build a hotel this way today.Apart from the view (!) and the background noise, my room (a junior suite) was basically comfy and well appointed, but too small for the price. The bedroom was OK, but the sitting room was a narrow cell (four feet wide) with a sofa against one wall and a tv perched on the other, so hardly a space to entertain anyone. It was a bit of a pointless suite really.I ate out, but before I went out I had a wander downstairs. The red bar was icy cold - about 15 degrees. Either this was intentional or no-one cared.Frankly, if you are going to spend £400 on a room in London stay at the Landmark, or have the presidential suite at the Marriott County Hall. The Grosvenor has just had its day and needs a complete rebuild from the ground up.	
Nov 28 2007 	Brilliant service Great Room	We stayed here whilst attending the British Hairdressing Awards on the 26th November. Everything was great, the service was amazing and the rooms were lovely. We were on the Executive Floor, (well worth the extra cost), my daughter was in a normal room and even this was great - she felt like a princess.	
Nov 14 2007 	Amazing Wedding Day!!	I got married and had my reception at the Grosvenor in September. I arrived the day before to a very warm welcome, I was esorted to my room and was surprised but very pleased to be upgraded to a suite. The suite was complimentary the night of the wedding. The room was beautiful, and the bed was so comfortable. The day of my wedding they delivered a beautiful breakfast with a complimentary box of chocolates and a lovely fruit platter. My actual wedding ceremony went without a htich everything I asked for was done to a very high standard, the room was laid out and decorated perfectly. After the ceremony there were endless staff going around making sure guests glasses weren't empty. The reception was also amazing. The food, wine, table displays, menus, flowers were all perfect. I honestly couldn't believe how well it all came together, I expected a couple of gitches but not one thing went wrong. During the meal, the staff were very attentive but not intrusive. The floor manager announced everything on time and he was so helpful. I visited the hotel at least once a month for 8 months prior to my wedding. I was concerned that as a 5 star hotel it might seem intimidating but I never had a bad experience, the staff were always very warm and welcoming and very attentive. Prior to the wedding I had many meetings with the wedding co-ordinator who was so friendly and efficient and always set my mind to rest, she always returned calls and emails and kept me up to date on even the smallest of details. The hotel recommended the band (who were fab) the inhouse florist did our flowers which were so beautiful everyone wanted to take them away when the wedding was over. After a very long but perfect day we got back to our room to find it decorated with rose petals on the bed, floor and in the bath and they left us a bottle of champagne on ice with chocolate covered strawberries and a wonderful card! We had the most perfect wedding day and we wouldn't change a thing. Since our honeymoon we've had lots of cards and emails from guests saying it was the best wedding they've been too, best food, band and venue!! Don't be put off thinking that it maybe extremely expensive. We visited lots of venues in London and some 4 star not very nice hotels were more expensive than the Grosvenor, its a very big hotel and they can cater for the smaller numbers! Check it out you won't be disappointed.	
Nov 6 2007	Great Time	My wife and I stayed here for one night at the end of September. We had a great time.Check in was a breeze. Our room was very clean and comfortable. As expressed in other reviews, the bed was the most comfortable bed we've ever slept in. The bathroom was nice, but the shower was quite confusing! The overhead shower head was nice, but there must have been about 10 different levers you had to pull and turn in order to get everything to work right. There was a nice flat/widescreen in the room with plenty of channels.Drawbacks: only one computer in the lobby, and it was always taken up. Also, the food in the room was ridiculously expensive. We ended up walking to the gas station a few blocks away in order to buy a chocolate bar. You'd think they'd lower the prices a bit - it was a bit insulting! Further, there was construction at the hotel which was quite noisy and caused the pool to be closed. But this was on their website so we weren't suprised.We had a great time and would definitely go back. Although it will soon be a JW Marriott, so it will be much more expensive.	
Nov 6 2007 	Fantastic Place	Stayed here for a long weekend. The bed was the most comfortably I have ever slept in. EVER. Beautiful room, fantastic service from all the staff, but at a premium price. You expect a mark-up at the minibar but £2.50 for a chocolate bar? My only complaint would be the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room.	
Sep 5 2007 	1st Class Hotel	You won’t be disappointed if you stay at the Grosvenor House!! From the moment you walk through the doors you are looked after like royalty and the hotel looks fantastic after its much needed renovation. The hotel is in a fantastic location for sightsee, shopping and has gorgeous views across Hyde Park.	
Aug 16 2007 	First class	What a great hotel, the service is second to none the staff could not do enough to help, the rooms have been refurbished to a very high standard and the beds are one of the most comfortable i have slept on in a hotel. Great location 5 mins walk to Oxford street with all the shops one way, Hyde park just across the road and 10 min walk the other way brings you to Hyde Park corner. If you want a hotel that is a bit special for a treat this is the one to go to even though the hotel is still being renovated (not due to finnish until march 08) you would not know this is going on.	
Aug 12 2007 	superb hotel	i stayed in the Grosvenor house from the 8th of August for three nights and have to say it was one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in. The hotel is under refurbishment at the moment but that did not impinge upon us in any way. Our room was newly decorated of a very good size and what can I say about the bed - Magnificent so comfortable. Housekeeping was excellent and very discreet room cleaned each day and in the evening straightened out again bed turned down for the night etc. Location is brilliant five minutes from Marble Arch tube station about 7 minutes from Hyde Park station. Some really nice bars and restaurants in the vicinity try Benares on Berkeley square for fabulous indian cuisine - booking essential. We spoiled ourselves with lunch at Petrus which was a magnificent experience one of the best restaurants in London. I wouldn't hesitate to reccomend the Grosvenor house to anyone looking for a top class London hotel - not cheap but worth it .	
Aug 12 2007 	Nice Stay at the Grosvenor House	We had a very nice stay at the Grosvenor House Hotel. The location was perfect for sight seeing in London. We were able to have an early check in for our 2 rooms which was very much appreciated after our long flight. The beds were delightfully comfortable as well as the towels and robes. We barely noticed that the hotel is being renovated. The only issue we had, which was not a big one, was that our check out bill was incorrect for which they profusely apologized for..they made it up to us by having coffee for us for our early departure in the morning!	
Jul 25 2007 	Stylish Place	What can I say, Just a great experience from the moment you arrive, swift polite check in, Great bedrooms very well equipped, Delightful food, despite attending a convention with over 1000 guests. Buffet cooked breakfast in the morning, No one or thing was overpowering, Be aware though, drinks are expensive, £4.50 a bottle of water, £6.00 for a coffee. but you only libve once.Located on Park Lane, all tourist sites within walking distance.Will stay longer if the lottery comes up !	
Jul 6 2007 	Grosvenor House - fantastic!	When we arrived at the hotel, the chap at the Reception was very charming and check in was very smooth. Our suite was splendid. We were lucky to experience a newly decorated room - very luxurious and beautifully finished. We really were astonished at how lovely the new rooms are – quite delightful. The bathroom had one of those huge shower heads that you could stand under forever! We really enjoyed our breakfast the next morning - a great selection of fruits, cereals, pastries and a hot selection too. Not to mention great coffee!It was a lovely thought to fill the hotel Reception with pink peonies too – my favourite flowers! Just how do they find these things out?Staying at this simply lovely hotel really made our weekend special, and we would certainly choose this hotel again.	
Jul 1 2007 	English elegance at it's best	My husband and I stayed at the Grosvenor last night and can confirm that the hotel is looking fantastic now the renovtions are nearing completion. The room was oustanding, and we heard no noise and saw no evidence of work apart from some parts of the corridor boarded away which was no problem. We had afternoon tea listening to the piano which was very quintessentially English and can recommend the selection of scrummy pastries! The bed was amazingly confortable and the pillows and linen make you feel like you are sleeping on a cloud. Bliss. The staff were friendly and attentive without being overbearing and all in all we had a great time. A real piece of English elegance and history.	
Jun 26 2007	A great Hotel - worth the money !	OK it's a bit pricey but this is in London's Park Lane ! Location of the Grosvenor House Hotel is perfect for sightseeing or shopping being located immediately opposite Hyde Park and a short walk to Oxford St.I read all the previous negative comments and I'm happy to report that the renovations now appear to be completed. Our room (Superior class) was spacious and tastefully refurbished as was the en suite bath/shower room. Staff polite and helpful.Food great and excellent public areas. I recommend this hotel very highly - parking is also a bonus. The only criticism is that there were no tea/coffee making facilities in our room but this was provided immediately via reception and free of charge.	
Jun 22 2007 	Nice hotel great location	I just got back from four nights at the Grosvenor House. I had a positive experience, with a couple of minor hiccups. All in all, I would recommend the Grosvenor House as a comfortable, convenient place to stay in London.First, the hotel is in a fantastic location. It's located just down the street from the Marble Arch tube stop and right across the street from Hyde Park. The Mayfair neighborhood is one of London's nicest (and most expensive) and offers a lot in terms of restaurants and nightlife. Oxford Street and all of its great shopping is a short walk (2-3 minutes) from the hotel also.As most of the other reviews have noted, the hotel is undergoing a top-to-bottom renovation that is scheduled to last two years (although one bellman I asked about it said he thought it would take an extra year). As some areas of the hotel are still unrenovated, I can see why some of the previous reviews are negative. The hotel's former condition was pretty sad. In fact, I think most of the photos that Expedia has on its site are pre-renovation. The lobby is now really gorgeous and many of the other public areas have been renovated as well. The hotel has a very hip bar called RedBar which, as you may have gathered by the name, is done completely in red. It's very cool. There seems to be construction currently taking place on all floors of the hotel, but I did not hear much noise during the day. Maybe I was just lucky, but I did not find the noise to be an issue.I believe that the only rooms being provided to guests at this time have been renovated. My first room was nicely decorated, although a little small. It was a little difficult to maneuver around the bed to get to the window. The bathroom was really huge and had a great overhead &quot;rain&quot; shower. Unfortunately, during my stay the toilet broke and couldn't be fixed so the hotel moved me to a very nice room on the top floor. This room was larger than my first room (plus had a working toilet) and had a limited view of the city, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey. This room was also very nicely decorated and had Marriott's new bedding (as all renovated rooms do, I believe), which is really great.The staff are very friendly and accommodating. Everyone says hello and they go out of their way to assist with any request. There is a breakfast buffet served in one of the dining rooms (which has not yet been renovated) each morning. You can choose between the hot or cold buffet and the food was quite good. The price, as with everything in London, is high and better deals can most certainly be found if you wander out into the neighborhood a bit.In summary, I would definitely recommend the Grosvenor House. Once the renovations are complete, I think this hotel will be fabulous. In the meantime, I think enough has been renovated to make for a very comfortable stay. I had a very positive experience and would definitely go back.	
Jan 16 2007	Hope for change...	Overall my wife and I were disappointed with our stay for New Year. We were aware of the renovations taking place in advance. With the exception of our dinner being only warm due to the location of the dining area so far away from the kitchens we were not greatly affected by the renovations - this could be as there were unlikely to be any contractors working on New Years Eve!Most of our disappointment was really down to poor service - something that is not excusable even with the refurb. The dining service was not to the standard expected for the prices charged - for two of our courses my wife's meal was brought to the table a good 2-3 minutes before mine. We had also requested a copy of the menu in advance which was not provided, yet we subsequently found that it was a set 6-course meal that included some things that we didn't like. When we asked if we could order from the ala carte menu this was declined, but we subsequently found that we could have ordered room service from a fairly good menu! In hindsight... Gordon Ramsey has two restaurants within a 5 minute walk!My credit card was also charged after check-out for something that was not ours. I had no notification of this - I only found out when I saw the charge on my statement.I took the time and trouble to write and complain and received a very honest and good response from the Hotel Manager. This has placated me somewhat in the belief that they may have taken my feedback to improve the service they offer.On the positive side, we stayed in an Executive Room, which was a very good size with large bathroom. Whilst it is obvious that the decor is dated it was in very good order and still presented the grandeur you would expect from a 5-star hotel. The upgrade to Executive Room cost us about £70 extra over the standard room and is well worth it and excellent value for money. This included access to the Exec Lounge where we had intimate privacy, a lovely setting overlooking Hyde Park and free drinks (including alcoholic after 6pm), afternoon tea, sandwiches, canapes... You could not want for anymore - Highly Recommended.The location is fantastic - you just cross the road to be in Hyde Park... it takes 5 minutes to get to Oxford Street... buses run past the front of the hotel heading to Westminster, Trafalgar Square etc...	
Jan 1 2007 	Be Warned	We are loyal Marriott fans and timeshare owners who were sorely disappointed by the terrible state this property is in. We booked directly with Marriott and they did not warn us of the renovations, lack of amenities, awful conditions of the rooms. Perhaps in 2008 when all is complete, it will be nice but be warned that it is not in any condition for visitors now. My number one complaint (ignoring all the plastic on the floors, the noise, etc) was that the flimsy lock on the door was loose with the screws coming out ! Bad, bad, bad. I wish my camera battery had not died or I would have included very descriptive photos.	
Jan 1 2007 	Thirsty Traveller	The experience of staying at the hotel was not as good as expected. Lunch - in the 'library' consisted of stale sandwiches. When we expressed surprise that there were no bottles of water or tea/coffee making facilities in the room the reponse was that this was not standard in London?!	
Dec 17 2006	Absolutely Awful	I cannot express how disappointed I was with this hotel. I stayed for one night as I was attending a function in the Great Room. After paying £218 for a standard room I expected luxury, however, what I got was a mediocre, dirty, over priced hotel.I stayed on the third floor, and my first impression was that it smelt like an old hospital. I was woken up at 6am in the morning by the refurbishment works (drilling, hammering, etc), I rang reception 4 times but nothing was done.The breakfast was limited in options, cold and tasteless. It took ten minutes to get some toast! There was also a queue to get into breakfast which has been housed in a tiny room.On checkout we were presented with pre-printed vouchers worth £150 to say sorry for the inconvenience. The fact that they have vouchers pre-printed especially for the refurbishment says it all. The staff seemed indifferent to our compliant as they stated that it is known that the hotel is being refurbished. I could have understood the swimming pool being shut but not being woken up in the morning!This hotel is trading on its name not the quality or service-STAY AWAY!!!!!	
Dec 10 2006	Great Experience at the Grosvenor House	If not for the temporary loss of dining room due to renovations, our stay here would have been rated Excellent. The lobby lounge is doubling as the hotel dining room, which made for a somewhat uncomfortable meal (imagine your food being served on a small cocktail table, and at cocktail table height). We're aware that the price of large scale renovations can often be worse than this to guests, so not really a huge deal to us. We were welcomed to the hotel by several helpful and attentive bellmen who assisted with our bags, and gave easy, explicit directions for our rental car return. Check in was seamless, especially thanks to Christopher. Our room category was overbooked, and he offered us an upgrade with virtually no hesitation. Our Superior room was spacious, comfortable and had a very attractive decor. The bathroom was large and luxurious, and shower had excellent water pressure and temperature.Minibar/room service and temporary dining room prices are typically Marriott priced, as would be expected in a desirable city center location.And the location... FANTASTIC! Hyde Park right across the street, the shops of Oxford Street, chaos of Piccadilly and charm of Marylebone are within healthy walking distance and all the rest of London available by tube, with a stop a few blocks away.	
Dec 10 2006 	won't return	The hotel is undergoing major refurbishment, which we were not aware of on booking. As a result, essentially there are minmal services/amenities available. From the beginning...Unpleasant checkin; room along a corridor which smelt of my old student hall of residence; room small, tired, uncertain cleanliness. The bar is part of the refurbishment, the replacement temporary bar tiny with 4 small tables, 2 chairs at each. Asked the concierge for his advice on a decent cocktail bar - apparently the best place in Mayfair for cocktails is opposite a supermarket on Edgware Road. Having lived in London for 10yrs I doubt that very much. Not impressed. Room noisy -- bass from ? an event in the ballroom felt through the bed and heard through the pillows. Poor nights sleep. Breakfast limited and, other than the excellent made to order omelette, cold. Returned from breakfast, having left Do Not Disturb on our room door, to find room had been cleaned, badly. Glasses not replaced. At least 1 towel not replaced. Unsure about sheets. Unfortunately, the Grosvenor is in danger of irreparably damaging its reputation. Admittedly many of the problems may be due to the refurb but other hotels I've stayed in undergoing work have managed to maintain some standards, facilities, and service. They would be better off closing the hotel until all refurb completed before any more damage is done. At present it would struggle to reach 2 star rating yet still charging well over £200. They need to learn that having waiters wearing white gloves does not make a 5 star hotel.	
Nov 15 2006 	Refurbishment can't finish too soon	We stayed one night attending a function in the Great Room. The hotel has its own car park but you need to pre-book - otherwise there's an NCP under the Millennium, a little further and a little pricier.We found ourselves upgraded to a suite with considerably more living space than our own home, with aspects on two sides of the lounge and views over Hyde Park. However, all the space in the world can't mask the fact that once beyond the familiar public areas, the hotel is desperately dated and the ongoing refurbishment long overdue.We found the staff friendly and efficient, the minibar beyond expensive (£2.50 for a Mars Bar and £8 for a miniature gin) and, the following morning, the longest breakfast queue in London. With the normal facilities closed for refurbishment the alternatives provided this particular Saturday were woefully inadequate in space and staff numbers, resulting in a 30 minute wait to be seated followed by another queue for fried eggs. My advice if the normal dining areas are closed and you need to be away in the morning - get breakfast in the room.	
Oct 10 2006	Nice Hotel	After reading some of the horrible reviews this hotel received, I was very concerned about what I was going to find when I checked in. I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel lobby was gorgeous--5-star quality. The breakfast was excellent--fresh fruits, juices, coffee, pastry, omelet station, fresh made pancakes, etc. The hallways the rooms are off need work--I was a bit concerned when I walked to my room. But once in the room, it was very nice. Certainly would recommend staying.	
Aug 23 2006	Suckered by Marriott again	This hotel used to be a luxury accommodation - about 50 years ago! They've re-done the lobby, but the rooms were disgusting. The hallways smelled like a nasty bathroom, the carpets were filthy. The rooms smelled of old smoke but the window would only open two inches. The air conditioner barely worked. The crummy old tv only got five bad movies and then mid-eastern sub-titled channels. The whole place gave me the creeps so badly, I went down the hall to my children's room and slept with them. I've complained to Marriott and the Grosvenor House and gotten no compensation or apology for fradulent advertising. And this place was expensive, too!	
Jul 28 2006	Horrenous hotel - awful service- old - overpriced - don't stay	I visited London on July 21 and 22, 2006 and paid about 329 pounds a night for an awful room. This hotel is VERY OLD. The bathrooms are run down. If you turn the shower knob too much, the water will be burning hot. The air conditioning in the room was very weak.Service is horrible. Took a few hours to get a repairman to check out the A/C condition.Food is nothing special, there isa breakfast buffet, but selection comprises only maybe 10 items!Yes, close to the embassies and hyde park, but not worth the stay.I am an investment banker, I found this to be a horrible business hotel	
Jul 13 2006	Recommend not staying at this hotel	I would strongly recommend not staying at this hotel before refurbishment, especially in the summer. The air conditioning does not work well, the beds are very old and there is a musty smell in the bedrooms. Stay at the Park Lane Marriott (actually on Marble Arch) instead. It is new, clean and the service is excellent.	
Jul 5 2006	Being Refurbished - Should be Great Once Complete	Stayed at the Grovsenor House at the weekend. The property is now owned by the Marriott Group and is undergoing a substantial refurbishment (would have been nice to have been told this when we booked). This in itself didn't cause us any problems; but the impact of a temporary restaurant for Breakfast led to a queue on Sunday morning. In addition we suffered from serious flooding from the ceiling (looked like an air conditioning problem). The issue was dealt with swiftly and professionally and we were moved to another room with the minimum of fuss.On the whole the service is was good.It should be a great hotel once the refurbishment is complete (24 months times!)	
May 25 2006	Will be a Great Hotel!	We stayed just one night after attending a function at the hotel. Our room was spacious and very comfortable. However, it was very &quot;tired&quot; and in need of refurbishment, although it was spotlessly clean. Major renovation works are going on at the hotel, which caused endless confusion and we got lost on one occasion. Three of the four lifts were out of service when we left, so you can imagine the chaos that caused!The buffet breakfast was excellent, although it was expensive. The service at the hotel was superb, certainly the best service I've experienced in the U.K. Nothing about the service could be faulted.I'm sure the hotel will be superb once the renovations are complete, but at the moment it's disruptive.	
May 1 2006	Nice but rooms REALLY need a makeover	We stayed two nights 28/29 April 2006. There are major renovations going on. Indeed when we arrived the whole of the front of the entrance (on Park Street NOT Park Lane) was under going a refit and we had to use a temporary reception at the side of the hotel, which wasn''t very well marked. Check in was fine, but because of the works, you have to walk through the bar/restaurant to get to the lifts. The carpeting in the lifts needed replacing about 20 years ago. As you walk through the corridors to the rooms, it is obvious that they are overdue for refurb. The room was very tired, dilapidated almost, but lots of space. You walk into a small lobby with the bathroom immediately in front and the bedroom to one side. Lots of cupboard space, decent toiletries etc. A really powerful shower, that was slightly confusing until you realise which way the handles work. I manged to spray all over the ceiling on the first day! The public rooms are very nice, especially the Red Bar and the Park Room but the prices are outrageous. Over £10 for a pot of tea for two or £8 for a spirit (mixers extra). Breakfast was over over £20 but it was included in our rate and was very good (except the fried eggs!). Worth staying there and I'm sure that the hotel will be something else when the works are completed (and no doubt prices will rise to match). We enjoyed our stay, the room size seemed comparable to somewhere like a Shangri-La hotel, but not as nice. Most of the staff treated us very well, but we did share a lift with a very grumpy housekeeper. My companion works in the hotel industry and was not at all impressed with her attitude.	
Mar 26 2006 	Amazing room - if dated	Stayed here in a suite recently - it was huge and immaculate. Decor surprisingly dated though. Service from the hotel staff could not be faulted - much better than most London hotels.However, renovation is causing chaos. Would give it a wide berth until it's complete.	
Aug 9 2005	Great Stay in July at the Grosvenor House!	I stayed at the Grosvenor House with my family July 26-29 for vacation. I booked two rooms for three nights and had an absolutely fabulous stay. I checked in with some wariness because:A) I was using Marriott Rewards points.B) I knew the hotel was undergoing a multi-million GBP &quot;restoration&quot; and C) I had been warned by a friend that it was past its glory days. Despite these reservations, our stay was near perfect (with a few minor exceptions that I will note). Ankur, the front desk manager, warmly greeted me and was extraordinarily pleasant and helpful even after noting that I would be staying using Marriott Rewards points. Because of my status in the Marriott Rewards program, I was automatically upgraded to a deluxe room without even having to ask (and I would have asked so it was nice not to have to). Although, we were not on the Executive Lounge level, I was also given complimentary access to the Executive Lounge which significantly enhanced our experience. After check-in Ankur walked us all the way to our room. As a frequent traveller and a frequent hotel guest, I consider this to not only to be exceptional but astonishing in light of the fact that our room was gratis. With the warmth and congeniality of Ankur, we were certainly off to a great start. Our next pleasant surprise greeted us in our rooms. I asked for (unnecassarily as it turns out because they had already anticipated this possibility) and recieved two adjacent rooms with a door between them so we wouldn't need to go into the hall to go into our kids room. The kids standard room was spacious and exceeded our expectations. Our deluxe room was enormous (probably 25% larger than the kids room). Both rooms were very clean and well appointedBoth rooms had enormous and beautifully decorated marble bathrooms with aesthetically old-fashioned but modern chrome plumbing systems. I always find the british plumbing systems to be odd and amusing (including here) but after a little tinkering figured it all out. The shower/tub had one on/off handle for the tub spigot and another for the shower and hand shower. You switched between the shower and hand shower with the use of a diverter valve. However, the one ubiquitous feature of British bathrooms that I find not only odd but annoying is separate hot and cold spigots in the bathroom sinks. Alas, they even got this right. The separate hot and cold handles came out of one single spigot. The bathrooms even had a bidet, my first ever at a hotel. I also have come to expect that even Marriott branded hotels in the US will tend to have small to medium and at best semi-plush towels in the bathrooms. The Grosvenor House towels were huge, almost the size of a bath sheet, and very plush. There were terry bathrobes on the door which my daughters really enjoyed. As a part of the process of getting settled in, I requested that the door between the rooms be unlocked and that a roll-a-bed be added to the kids room so they wouldn't have to share the king bed. Within 15 minutes these needs were taken care of by the extremely professional and warm housekeeping staff on our floor that evening. (The supervisor was from Jamaica but, unfortunately, I failed to write down her name). With the roll-a-bed the kids room seemed a bit cramped but with the door between our rooms open the effect was that we were in a very large two bed, two bath suite. The hotel seemed to get all the details in the room right. The room featured a large work desk that included a 110V american style plug that came in very handy for charging my electronics. I only had one converter and one of my devices had a maximum input of 120V. We were also given complimentary access to the Executive Lounge, but in hindsight, I would have gladly paid for this upgrade. The lounge had a very nice European Continental breakfast with fresh fruit, breads (which could be toasted) jams and butters and a good assortment of personal sized boxes of cereal with both lowfat and whole milk. Here is where my kids (aged 7, 10 and 12) learned to drink tea in earnest because their was a wide selection of good quality teas. From 4:00 to 6:00 the lounge had a very nice &quot;cream tea&quot; with scones and clotted cream, finger sandwiches, biscuits, fresh fruit and an assortment of deli style meats, including salmon and roast beef and, of course, tea. After teatime they provide wine and an assortment of self serve liquors. I was concerned about our first breakfast in the lounge given that it is geared towards the business traveller, and was in fact greeted with a bit of caution by the host. After giving her our room number as proof that it was okay for us to be there, we had wonderful use of the lounge for our entire stay there. We had three breakfasts and two teas in the lounge and not a sour word or glance from either staff or customer. (It helped that the kids were reasonably well-behaved). Lastly, they have two computers set up with high speed internet access for use by the lounge guests. This came in very handy for checking email, blogging and avoiding the $27.00 fee for internet access from the rooms (15.00 GBP). Access to this wonderful lounge was one of the great things about our stay at Grosvenor House. A word about the remodeling project. There was very little about our stay that was affected by the remodeling. No dust. No loud noises. No inoperable elevators, no scaffolding out the window. The one negative impact for us was the fact that the pool was closed. One of the reasons that we selected the Grosvenor House was because of the pool. By the time we arrived the pool and spa were closed for remodeling. Apparently, while this temporary situation exists (and they confirmed it is temporary) they have a reciprocal agreement with the Marble March Marriott. It would be better if their agreement were with the Park Lane Marriott which has a pool and is only 3 blocks away. As it turned out, not having easy access to the pool was not a problem. After seeing the sites in London, we would have been too tired at the end of the day to use it anyway. This is the only inconvenience the refurbishment caused us. And considering how fabulous our stay was otherwise, I consider it to be a minor one. The only other affect you will notice is that they are having to &quot;re-organize&quot; some of the hotel for the project. The front desk is nice but it's location is temporary. The Executive Lounge has been temporarily moved (and as you can tell above had no impact on service). All things considered, the Grosvenor House is doing a remarkable job of keeping things running smoothly in the midst of their transformation. I think trip-advisor readers may be interested to know the reason for this transformation. The Grosvenor House is in the process of working towards re-branding themselves as a JW Marriott property, Marriott's premier brand. The Grosvenor House will be the first JW Marriott in Europe. According to Ankur, the standards required of service and the condition and quality of the property to recieve the JW Marriott brand are extremely rigorous. The staff is clearly working hard to begin to make the transition as they consistently proved themselves to be professional and hospitable of the highest order. Apparently, none of the guest rooms has been renovated yet which is surprising given how great they were. I asked about this and was told they were refurbished only 5 years ago. However, in order to meet the JW Marriott standards, the rooms need to be a certain color scheme. So they will all need to be refurbished eventually. I could see this causing them service issues in the future.Lastly, a brief discussion about location. The Grosvenor House is located on Park Lane right across the street from Hyde Park and an easy walking distance from the Marble Arch Tube Station and a bus stop. There is also a hop-on, hop-off Big Bus stop at the corner of oxford and Park Lane. It is very centrally located and is an easy walking distance from Oxford Street, a major shopping area. To eat, try one of the many ethnic restaurants on Edgware Road.Of our stay there, I only have two very minor complaint. 1) The evening concierge was little help. Our first night there, I asked him to recommend an inexpensive and family friendly pizza place within walking distance. The place he recommended was pricey and fancy (in other words not family friendly) and a bit of a haul. However, the place across the street fit the bill nicely (except for the distance). The next day, I passed a Pizza Hut that was only 3 blocks away. My several other experiences were similar. He was never rude but came across as mildly indifferent. The evening concierge had neither the warmth nor knowledge of the two day concierges we experienced while we were there. 2) The other complaint was that the television had no kid oriented channels on the television except for one in German (hearing sponge bob in german was amusing though). I consider both of these to be very minor complaints.In summary our stay at the Grosvenor House was wonderful. We will definitely stay there on our next trip to London and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 17 2005	Needs improvement	For such a famous grand old hotel things need to be changed, i know that there is a modernisation programme underway and i hope they finish it quickly. It's clean and comfortable i've given it a 3 star rating because it's meant to be one of the best hotels in the world but it isn't.	
Jul 14 2005 	On it's way to greatness but.....	The Grosvenor House is under renovation. We got booked into here when the Marriott Park Lane was booked up. I was at first very upset because the renovations, but they set me up with a nice room. There are many areas of the hotel which are very nice, while there are areas that are in need of renovation. The clincher on whether I would recommend it was the staff. They were some of the nicest I have ever encountered. If you can upgrade to the 7th floor, it has the nicest 'executive lounge' I have ever encountered. They had breakfast and snacks in the evening. They poured French Champagne every night! Way cool. The location of this hotel cannot be beat. So; it's recommended with reservations. Don't pay a fortune, but if you can get a good rate, go for it. Try to get on the 7th floor!	
Jun 30 2005	Grosvenor Hotel (Park Lane) is a Pit	With out a doubt the most run down, stinkiest hotel I have ever stayed in. Two other people were checking out - moving to other hotels when I was down at the desk to complain of my horrific room. It is being renovated and in 2 years maybe it will be nice- but until 2007 avoid this hotel. The pool is closed. The rooms smelled and were in disrepair.	
Mar 29 2005	Grosvenor House	We stayed six nights at the Grosvenor House on Park Lane,London on 3/12/05. The hotel exceded our expectaions. There is renovations going onwhich I new before hand but they did not inconvenience us at all. The room was huge and so was the bathroom which was also marble.The location is ideal. We could walk to a number of areas and attractions.It is very close to the Marble Arch which has bus and subway lines.We ate at a wine bar called FINO WINE BAR. It is just off park lane if you.are walking toward the Marble Arch turn right when you get to the MarriottHotel. Price was reasopnable and food and selection was exceptional. London is very expensive.	
Mar 9 2005	The Best Brekkie	I stayed here with my Partner and our twelve year old son.The hotel looked fairly impressive from the front and the reception lobby was huge and very grand.We found the reception staff very helpful and we were blown away with our room or should I say our suite.It was decorated in a very georgian, Laura Ashley style and spacious. It even had a walk in closet.The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in and we all found the pillows spectacular. I would love to know where they get them from.The bathroom was on the small side but perfectly formed with everything you needed.Lovely views of Hyde Park and reasonably quiet for London. It was about a 5-10 minute walk to the underground.The facilities were very good for a Central hotel as it had a lovely pool and jacuzzi that we all used.We would all have to say that the highlight was the breakfast. It was a breakfast fit for a King. I noticed that you would normally have to pay £25 each for breakfast but we got this included with our room rate. The hotel did not charge anything for our son.We got this night away for £105.00 but I would pay upto £140 for what we had.The only negatives were that there are no tea/coffee making facilities or a hairdryer and that room service/mini bar is very expensive.If we can get this hotel at a good rate we will certainly go again. We have stayed in alot of hotels over the years and this has to be one of our faves.Please note we have rated this excellent due to the rate we payed.	
Jan 8 2005	Being Renovated -- And Needs It!	Just stayed at Grosvenor House again for the third time. Each time the hotel gets quite a bit more frayed, which is why its now undergoing extension renovation that will take 2 years to complete. The common areas in the lobby at first glance are nice, but on close inspection are just downright filthy. The grand room in particular (there are mobile homes in the U.S. with cleaner/nicer furniture). Add a thick layer of cigarette smoke from all the smokers and you get what the English would call a most 'unfortunate' experience. Pray Marriott starts with this section of the hotel first when they restore the common areas. As for the rooms, we upgraded our room (paid) just to get into one that wouldn't ruin our trip (many windows are now covered by plastic tarp and scaffolding). Bottom line: I really like this hotel, but would advise staying elsewhere during the renovation unless you get a REALLY good deal (or you have a thing for scaffolding or construction workers).	
Nov 24 2004	Wonderful Experience	We used this hotel as our base for 7 days in November. I must say that our experience was for the most part excellent. We were concerned after reading some of the reviews and were pleasantly surprised. I would actually give it 4 1/2 stars. We did stay using points as my husband uses Marriott frequently on business. I felt this may have worked in our favor. After arriving at 10 in the morning we were directed upstairs for a private check in at a special facility. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a room and were invited to eat at the breakfast buffet they were serving. The staff was very gracious and helpful. We were on the 4th floor which had been renovated. The room was large and beautifully appointed. I loved the heated towel bar in the bathroom. We had engagements each evening so we enjoyed returning to a turned down bed and fresh towels. The king bed was two twins but we did not find this annoying. The location to tube stops was good and we used a great pub near there for evening meals 3 times. This was suggested by staff. We faced the side street but were high enough to avoid street noise. We did have the scafolding impaired view but expected this so it was not that big a deal. I would reccommend this facility and would love to return again. Prices in London are high. To get a high end hotel expect to pay twice as much as in the states. I would say in our large cities you are going to pay a comparable amount for a hotel of this quality. I am talking about the renovated part of this hotel.	
Oct 27 2004	Expected More	We decided to make the Grosvenor our homebase for our quick 4-day trip to London. We already had sticker shock from the near 2/1 USD/GBP exchange rate, but at a little over $300/night I expected more. I had also heard that the Grosvenor was a true luxury hotel.I would say that we lucked out with good weather during our time - if it was raining and we were forced to stay in our room, my review would be more negative.I will caveat this all by saying that I booked a package with an on-line service, and therefore my expectations were - as with all my on-line bookings - that we would get the slummiest rooms in the hotel. In true form, we ended up with a 2nd floor room looking at scaffolding as they are redoing the exterior of the hotel. We faced inward - toward where the taxis pull-up ... which I think was overall more quiet than being on the Park Lane side if you're on a lower floor. However, don't plan on sleeping in during the week as the doormen will start whistling for taxis at around 7am for people there on business.We had a king non-smoking room which was an OK size. This may be a US thing (haven't been to Europe in a while) but the &quot;king&quot; was actually two twin mattresses put together so you had to be careful to not fall into the crack.The hotel overall had a worn feel - like it would have been something spectacular 10 years ago, but the interior hallways are showing their age. We also had an issue with the electricity as a fuse blew out in our room, knocking out some of the lighting. They were prompt in fixing it, though.The room was serviced like a higher-end hotel, with room service coming by around 6pm each day to check if we needed fresh towels, turn-down service, etc. For some reason they did not provide new toiletries each day, though. (My experience with upper-end hotels is that even if they see that you have half of a shampoo bottle left, they'll automatically leave another new one).I will say that the location is excellent - immediately across from Hyde park and close to Marble Arch and Bond Street tube stations for easy access to other parts of the city. You certainly are paying for the Mayfair area in the price.In short, a good location, but we probably could have had a similar hotel experience for 50 pounds less a night at the Marriott nearby on Park Lane.	
Sep 8 2004	Hotel has seen better days	Has seen better days.I stayed at the Grosvenor House for two weeks I found the hotel to be old and worn. When I first got to my floor where my room was located I noted that the halls had an unpleasant spice smell to it all of the time. I think the smell comes from the Lebanese restaurant that services the Hotel. The first thing I noticed about my room was the lack of amenities that you would find in a US hotel. The room lacked an iron to press your clothes. The Hotel did offer a service to press your clothes at a charge pretty close to the amount that you could go out and buy new clothes. The hotel also lacked an alarm clock, however there was a timer on the TV that you could set to turn on at a prescribed time. My first night I left a wakeup call for an important business meeting the next day. I never received the wakeup and was consequently late for my meeting. When I complained at the desk they assured me it would not happen again. The next morning I received four wakeup calls to insure I was awake. After that I just used the alarm on the TV. When I made my reservations I had requested a King Size bed but found that the bed was actually two twins pushed together an to make things worse the beds weren’t at the same height so there was a noticeable hump in the bed. I found that the Air Condition in the room to be woefully inadequate to cool the room. At the highest setting the room stayed at about the mid to upper 70’s. Another problem was with the smoke detector, the steam from the shower set off the smoke detector no less then 5 times while I stayed at the hotel. One of the other things I found annoying was housekeeping coming by every night at around 8:00 at night to see if there was anything I needed. This is usually the time I don’t want to be disturbed. And it got to be annoying answering the door all of the time. By the second week of this I just put the do not disturb sign so they wouldn’t bother me. I didn’t find the staff to be overly friendly usually at a hotels you get a “good morning” “ have a nice day” or some kind of greeting. The only response I received from them would be if I initiated it.	
Jul 29 2004	we had an overall positive experience	We returned last night from 5 nights at the Grosvenor House. After reading the reviews on this site, we had some reservations about staying here, but the location and the price convinced us to stay at this property. Needless to say, we had zero expectations. The staff won us over within our first 20 minutes. We pulled up in a rental car, after driving around southern England for 3 days .(if you've ever driven there, you know what a harrowing experience that is!) We were happy to have driven into London and gotten to the hotel. Tony, one of the wonderful concierge staff, met us at the car and totally took care of getting the car returned to the rental company, as well as the congestion fee. That was the perfect welcome. We chcked in, requesting a renovated room (as suggested by a reader here). The registration clerk said she had a renovated room, but not one with a king bed, as requested. She claimed it had a queen. We took it; it was revovated beautifully, but TINY. The bed looked more like a double to me. We expected a smallish room; it was London, not the US. We tried to adjust the A/C, but the dial just kept spinning. We called for service, and a service man was there in less than 5 minutes. While he was checking the A/C, we called down to the desk to ask if we could see a roomn with a king bed, even though it wasn't renovated. The bellman was there again in leass than 5 minutes. The second room was much more spacious than the first, and attractively furnished. Yes, the upholstery on one of the chairs was worn in one spot; so what?The marble bathroom was elegantly appointed. The shower was great. The toiletries were first- rate. More towels? No problem; we called housekeeping and they were there in 5 minutes. Was the hotel perfect? Of course I could name some areas where they could improve. I can't believe people write in complaining about the cost of room service. Who expects room service or hotel restaurants to be reasonably priced? We asked the concierge to recommend some places for breakfast and dinner. They gave us lots of choices within walking distance, and we had fabulous, reasonably priced meals. The location of this hotel is terrific, convenient to busses, the tube, and restaurants. Yes, you must ask for what you want. If you don't like your room, ask to see another one. This is true at any hotel.	
Jul 23 2004	Truely Horrible	This hotel did not live up to our expectation. We were put in the apartment/suite wing of the hotel. The room faced an internal courtyard and our view for the next 5 days was into people's offices. We had no natural lighting. The sofas were old and stained and bedroom was small and smelly. The furniture was similar to those bought at a flea market. If the hotel says it has a/c, one expects it to work. We had one of those cheap portable units in our room. It made a lot of noise but it just didn't work. Continental breakfast was included in the room rate which consisted of one bread roll, a bowl of cereal and tea/coffee. Everything else was extra. Stay well away from this place.	
Jul 4 2004	This Marriott needs some attention to the details!	I stayed at &quot;The Grosvenor House&quot; for three nights in June 2004 with my two kids. It was clean and adequate but I can't overlook the few negatives. It was a great bargain because two of the nights were on Marriott points. The taxi drivers still don't know this hotel is a Marriott. They think you are going to the Marriott Grosvenor Square. You have to tell them &quot;the Grosvenor House&quot; to get to the right hotel. The Marriott part throws them off!The hotel is under construction like everyone has pointed out in recent reviews. The rooms were spacious with very nice bathrooms but the carpet was worn. Like another reviewer, I could never get the a/c to get the room cooler than 75 about degrees. It was rather warm at night but I was too tired to complain. Also, the room service is outrageously expensive. An order of croissants, toast, juice and coffee cost 30 pounds and was not very good. I joked with the staff when I checked out that I could have had breakfast at Brennan's in New Orleans with champange for less that the basic breakfast cost. I also caught a 15 pound overcharge for 2 kids ice creams. I quickly found the BP station nearby where I purchased bottles of milk and snacks for my kids to eat in the room. We ate pizza at the &quot;Ask&quot; restaurant nearby two nights in a row. The tube stop is a 5 to 10 minute walk. The bus stop is just a couple of buildings away.This hotel just didn't have the polish you would expect from a Marriott with such a great location.	
Jul 2 2004	Very Disappointed	We stayed at the Grosvenor hotel for a weekend at the end of February 2004. If you are visiting London and want to be centrally located this is not the palce to stay. The hotel itself was a disappointment and not commensurate with either its 4 star rating or the price. The entrance and lobby are lovely. The room was terrible. Carpeting and drapes had large stains. We asked to be moved as the temperature in the room was freezing cold, but were told there weren't any available rooms. The room wasn't warming up at all so two electric heaters were sent up!! We told the very nice young man from housekeeping that this was an unsafe situation. Thanks to him two engineers were sent up and confirmed that the thermostat was not working and the room was virtually without any heat. Suddenly another room became available. It was an improvement but not a huge one. The people at reception were useless and couldn't have cared less however the engineering and housekeeping staffs were excellent. We would not stay at the Grosvenor House again nor would we recommend it.	
Jun 30 2004 	The stay was nice	I stayed the Grosvenor House last week for 5 nights. The hotel lobby gives a very luxurious/grand impression as you enter it. When you check in, you should as for one of renovated rooms. The room I got was on the 5th floor which seems to be one of their renovated floors. My room was in excellent condition and had a king size bed, desk, some chairs, along with a 20&quot; color tv and ample drawer space. There is also a room safe available but I did not have an iron/ironing table in the room. The room size is modest but considering the room rate, you would think the rooms would be larger but this seems to be the norm for hotels here in London. The bathroom is also a modest size but everything was fairly new and in good operating order. The hotel main entrance side has renovation work on the outside and the construction noise started at around 730am every morning. My room's view was also hampered by the scaffolding/renovation work. This slightly bothered me but it was a minor problem for me but could be annoying if you like to sleep in. The Grosvenor has a nice work out facility and has an indoor pool. The workout facility has nice treadmills with LCD tvs and headphone jacks. There's plenty of workout weight machines but limited free weights. The pool is modest in size but long enough to swim laps. I had no issues with the staff and they seemed friendly. The housekeeping staff is prompt in cleaning the rooms and they tend to stop by in the afternoon/evening to change towels and turn the bed over. I stayed away from the bar and restaurant in the hotel as they were expensive.Alot to do within walking distance...Hyde Park is right next to the hotel and it's a good place to go running or go for a walk. There are several pubs within a block that have reasonable prices on food and drinks. The Marble Arch and Oxford St. areas have good shopping and good restaurants. There are 2 convenient bus stops and an underground station near the Grosvenor Park Lane hotel entrance (Hyde Park entrance side). The first bus stop is located next to the BMW dealership about 1/2 block on the left as you walk out the hotel. The other bus stop and Marble Arch tube stop is located about 2 blocks up on the right as you walk out the hotel. The buses at these stops are frequent &amp; usually head to Victoria Station or Knightsbridge areas. The Marble Arch tube underground stop will take you anywhere in the city. I purchased one of those 7 day unlimited bus/tube passes at the Marble Arch Station. A taxi cab from the hotel to the airport will cost around 45 pounds and takes about 30mins.	
Jun 16 2004	Work in Progress	I stayed here as part of a points reward. The e-certificates went flawlessly into the reservation - that was a relief. There is quite a bit of construction going on. There are scaffolds on both sides of the property opposite Hyde Park. It appears the entire southern section of the hotel is closed for serious construction. It did notice some power tool noise my last day - It sounded like someone was sanding or grinding a few rooms away from me. Upon checking in, I asked for a room that had been renovated (based on information posted here). The response was, &quot;all of our rooms are the same - the rooms that are renovated are all under construction. Uh, ok. I took the room they gave me on the third floor, facing Marble Arch. It was a very large room, with a King bed, but seemed a bit worn and dated. Worse yet, it smelled of smoke. I called down to the front desk and confirmed that they had given me a smoking room, even though my confirmation stated that I had a non-smoking guaranteed. I asked to be moved, and was told only double bed-sized rooms were open for my booking class, &quot;deluxe&quot;. I pointed out that my printed confirmation also stated that I had a king guaranteed. Upon that I was informed I had been upgraded into the next higher class of room that was non-smoking. The room on the fourth floor was very nice, but smaller that the previous one. It was obvious that this room had been renovated - the wallpaper and carpeting were newer, the bedding was also fresher, and the lights were halogen units built into the ceiling. Having stayed at the historic Renaissance Stanford Court in San Francisco, I thought the two properties were comparable as far as overall look, service and room size/decor. There were two things that I found about this room that I really didn't like.First - the king bad was actually two twins pushed together with a mattress pad (badly) covering the gap. Second, the air conditioning did not work very well. At its coolest setting and blowing at maximum, my room was 79 degrees F.Other than that, I did enjoy my stay, including using the health club. The staff were pleasant enough - prompt room service and great cleaning and turn downs. For cheap food options, there is a well-stocked BP patrol station/mini-mart the next block south of the hotel.I think it speaks volumes that Marriott hasn't put their name to the property yet. I would wait until they do to stay here.	
May 30 2004	Grosevenor House on Park---Loved it!!	As a first time traveler out of the U.S. we were totally impressed with the Grosvenor House. We were in a great neighborhood (Mayfair) loved Hyde Park, and were close to the Tube Station. It was a wonderful time for a first trip to London...I would stay there again in a minute if I was given the chance to stay again at those great prices. We were given an apartment that was a bit dated, but clean and spacious, we loved it. The staff was very helpful and we asked often for assistance! The neighborhood is perfect for walking, shops, church, park and pubs.Very impressed. We didn't eat much at the Hotel as it was slightly out of our price range, but so was most of the food in London resturants...pub food and cafe's fit the bill perfectly!	
Apr 27 2004 	Fantastic stay	Stayed here for 3 nights in April 2004 - very impressed, very friendly staff, immaculate clean rooms, good decent size. If you are lucky enough to get a refurbished room which my friend had, then you will enjoy your visit even more, although the 'normal rooms' were still excellent. Just a couple of very small problems whilst we were staying - my friends room service breakfast wasn't delivered, I had no towels &amp; when I called to request some, a porter brought me 2 small hand towels, not bath sheets as requested. We requested wake up calls which were never made, and I had no shower curtain, therefore my bathroom flooded everytime I had a wash.Overall though, the good points far outweighed the bad, and I would definatley recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London - but take into consideration the price - we had 2 x vodkas in the hotel bar at a cost of £16, breakfast is £20 and a cup of tea either room service or in the bar/restaurant is £5.	
Apr 7 2004	OK if your deaf	We didn't pay full price, so perhaps that's why we were abused. The hotel room we were given was extremely hot, with the airconditioning on full, but showing cool, we were not intitially bothered. We opened the windows and turned off the airconditioning when we noticed the cool air was hot!. There was noise, initially from the airconditioning on full, then from the road when the windows were open. We got the engineer up and he explained that the air conditioning didn't work. We could have the room pumping hot air or cold air but not with both options. When we returned around 11 o'clock to the room after a truly wonderful performance of the Mairling at the Royal Opera house we noticed the noise. We were underneath a noisy awful fan, this had been disguised before. We asked for a new room they showed us a few rooms including smoking rooms. In the end we settled for a room which was really cold, it had a portable heater in the corner. They said they would upgrade us in the morning and when we returned later in the day they showed us to a room, a junior suite which was right next to a great big fan. The fan was huge just outside the window of the bedroom. They managed to find us a smaller room than we had booked but OK. On booking out they when I asked for compensation I was told that the hotel would contact me by letter. That was a week ago and nothing has arrived. This is a bad hotel don't be tempted by the special deals. There are specail prices because this hotel is not to standard. It is a disgrace.	
Mar 27 2004	Don't pay full price for this hotel	I stayed at the Grosvenor house in mid-March 2004 for 4 nights. The mattress was good, the bathroom was probably superior to most you'll find in London. Thick, fresh towels were abundant, and the room was quiet. HOWEVER, let me say that the front desk and concierge staff are some of the most clueless and the rudest I've encountered anywhere, and I am a frequent traveler. They are not, for the most part, British. They are from parts foreign, and their accents preclude interpretation. The concierge looked about 19 and could offer no useful advice. I was rather amazed that a 5-star hotel, and a famous one at that, didn't hire the best-of-the-best for a concierge or for front desk staff. I think this place is on its way down. Fortunately, I was travelling on an air-hotel package deal through expedia.com, with a rate I'd locked in in Oct. 2003, before the exchange rate became prohibitive.	
Mar 12 2004	Overrated with surly staff	I expect a 5* hotel to be nearly flawless in all respects. The rooms were nice, the lobby attractive and the breakfast buffet excellent. however, the front desk staff was surly and very unhelpful. Messages were not delivered, the concienrge appeared to feel very inconvenienced when we asked for advice, and the wait staff in the restaurants was extremely slow and, if you can imagine, argumentative. The hotel appears to cater to the high-end business staff and not to someone vacationing in London...and even then I'm not sure they do the business clientele very well either.	
Mar 11 2004	Too expensive for a budget traveller.	Fair to say this was one of the most beautiful hotels in all of London. Very unfortunate that breakfast and coffee in the room is not included or affordably convenient. PRET Marble Arch offered the best food and value but was a 15 minute walk. Doesn't help when you want your morning coffee and to get it at the hotel blows your whole breakfast budget At $225 a night one should not have to expect to pay 21 pounds (thats about $42 US) each for breakfast.Ice, pillows etc available but required room service (and yet more tip money for basic needs)Concierge was excellent, very accomodating, and helpful. Sent us to destinations with full and accurrate information (brochures, prices, times, if reservation required, transportation, etc.)	
Mar 9 2004	Hotel in Desperate need of Maintenance	I've been to London several times before and this hotel did not live up to its four or five star status at all. I would rate it two stars based on its location, nice bar, and okay restaurant. On this 10 day visit, I was with a large group of about 150 and noticed that there were two very different classes of rooms. Some floors had been renovated, but I was assigned a room on the top floor which had not been renovated. The room was in need of a major clean up. I had trouble with the door lock every day and had the key replaced twice with no improvement. The carpet was very worn and the bathroom very beat up. The &quot;shower curtain&quot; was merely a bed sheet with holes cut for the rings. Towels were often delivered hours after the housekeeper had cleaned. The view out the window consisted of the other side of the hotel building and included a dead bird stuck in the wire mesh intended to keep the birds from flying down between the building walls. I would not recommend this hotel. The Marriott Grosvenor Square is better.	
Mar 7 2004	Feel like a celeb!	I stayed here for a my birthday last August (03) and had a fantastic time. The entrance to the hotel from the back is fab. I was surrounded by other guests expensive sports cars. Reception and all staff seemed to be french...not english which made me laugh but were all very helpful and polite. Was slightly let down by the room as we had paid the full price, which was quite alot for a london hotel. The main room light didn't work, our bathroom tap was fitted incorrectly so leaked whenever you used it. mini bar prices were slightly crazy....?8 for a jar of jelly beans c'mon!!! Overall i had a lovely stay, we didnt eat in the hotel but there were lots of great restaurants a taxi ride away. A theatre visit is a must see to complete the trip.	
Mar 5 2004	Too big too many problems	After 3 calls from the States, I had hoped they would have had our room requests taken care of prior to arrival. They did not. The shower dripped profusely the entire 4 days; we waited until 6 pm for housekeeping one day; had to request towels almost every day. We never received clean glassware during the entire trip. No safe in room as advertised. Service rating overall: horrendous; still disputing a charge on my card. I will defend the staff in the breakfast room...they were wonderfully pleasant and accomodating.	
Feb 18 2004	It was ok	We stayed at the hotel in July 2003 and it was ok overall. The corridors had this terrible musty, old smell though and there are stains on the carpets that one wouldn't expect to see at a high-end hotel like this. Our room had a horrible view of the back of the building (?) but the beds were ok, need to change the throw cushions though as it is going lumpy. Bathrooms are cleaned regularly so that's nice. Nice location, near the park and shopping district. Hotel staff were not all that friendly - no ready smile. Bellboys looked great though in their high hats and uniforms.	
Feb 10 2004	Poor poor service...	I have regularly stayed at this hotel over the past 4 months (about 15 nights in total) and finally managed to convince my company to switch accomodation chioce. The hotel is poorly managed, staff is insufficient, there is usually only 1 person at reception so you generally have to queue when checking in as well as when checking out, if you call the concierge at night the phone rings for ages and at the end there is no answer! Other negative experiences have included: no wake up call despite request, 1 hour wait for room service (dinner). Plus, the television sets are old and small and remote controls generally do not work. Too bad because the location is great... Try the Millenium Mayfair instead...	
Nov 3 2003	Excellent place to stay		
Oct 24 2003	Very Nice...		
Sep 30 2003	Clean yes classy no		
Aug 6 2003	Great stay		
Jul 17 2003	Great room great rates so-so service		
Jul 14 2003	Loved the Grosvenor House		
May 5 2003	Real nice...but expected more		
Apr 23 2003	Too stuffy!!		
Mar 1 2003	A wonderful experience		
Oct 28 2002	Check it out for yourself		
Jul 24 2009 	Sobriamente espléndido		
Jul 24 2009 	?????????????????????		
Apr 27 2009 	Muy buen hotel y buena ubicacion.		
