Nov 16 2009 	poor hotel - avoid if you can	I have stayed in Days hotels in different locations, but this one is a big disappointment. Room very small - which is okay for one night - but with no television, not one that works anyway. When reported to reception that TV does not work, did send someone to look at it but who did not know how it functioned or how to fix it. And that was that. One good thing I can say is that it is clean - which is very important. But otherwise a substandard hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Nice hotel but not worth the £125 rate	I managed to book a room at the hotel for only £51. The staff were friendly and the hotel very clean.Location wise it's a few minutes walk from Pimlico Tube Station and Tate Britain, but not much else around in the area so for eating out and such you may need to get the tube.At £51 our room for the night was good value, however if I had paid the £125 rate advertised at reception I would not have been happy. The room was very small and one side of the double bed was next to the window / radiator (pleased the radiator was off or it could burn).If you are looking at paying over £100 for a room in this hotel I do suggest you look somewhere else, you really can get 4 star hotels with huge rooms (in comparison) for not much more sometimes.	
Oct 28 2009 	Terrible service hotel room was given away	I must say our experience with the Days Inn Westminster was not good at all.We made a reservation months ago, and I emailed the staff that we would be arriving late.When we got there around 12 at night, they said our room was given away because there were problems with the creditcard and that the hotel was full.They said that the creditcard provided on the reservation was not valid and that they were allowed then to give away ouyr room.I didn't understand because I emailed them 2 days before arrival, and besides: they could have called us when they found a problem with the creditcard while checking our reservation, before giving away our room.So we were left with no hotel room in the middle of the night and the guy at the front desk was not helpful at all. When we asked if we maybe could use the internet to search for another hotel he told us that would cost 1,50 per 3 minutes!! Come again??How about some service??We were told there would be a triple room for us from the next day on. So we headed out, found ourselves a youth hostel and came back the next day.Yes there would be a triple room for us this afternoon,. GreatExcept when we got there in the afternoon all of a sudden there was no triple room and we got 2 rooms, so we had to split up. When I asked if we could then get a trtiple room for the next day the manager told us he could not guarantee that.Why?? They should be able to see in their booking system who's checking in and out and which rooms become available right?No wonder our room was not available when we arrived...............I think thye just gave away our room because we arrived late and they thought: &quot;better have the money than wait for it:&quot;The service was terrible and the manager did not appologize once for all the trouble they'd caused us.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	Five females traveling together, two were teenagers. We requested 1 double or twin room and 1 triple room. The triple room was very spacious and the double room was very, very small - the teens stayed in it. The location is excellent, walking distance to the &quot;tube&quot; and bus runs out front. Near Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station . It was very clean. I would stay there again and would recommend it to others.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very good value for the price	The room was a bit small and poky, with one of the sides of the double bed against a wall. Having said that, they'd used the space very efficiently, it was very clean, tidy, the bed very comfy and the bathroom immaculate, with a great power shower. Perfectly adequate for a night or two (if your from a country where your more space you may find it cramped, but in London space is at a premium!), and a convenent location. Do search around for a good price- direct at the Days Inn site was overpriced (£115), but searching on travelsupermarket.com we got a good deal (around £80) with 1800hotels.com. Budget in another £4 per person if you want to upgrade to full cooked breakfast (like us greedy-gutses!)	
Sep 26 2009 	Great hotel chain!	For a decent hotel group (have also stayed in the Shoreditch Days Inn) great value for money and really friendly staff.Recommended!	
Aug 24 2009 	Good Value for Money	We stayed for 1 night. The staff were polite, professional, smartly dressed and very helpful and foreign staff spoke good english, better then some english chavs.Room was clean with kettle and tea coffee facilites,iron and board, + hair drier.We paid £6.99 each for buffet breakfast which include cooked english breakfast, tea coffee, fruit juice, yogurt, toasts, crossiants and rolls! Eat n drink as much as you want!! Room was small but then you only go there to sleep so that was no problem. We stored our luggage before we got the room keys and afterwards as well which was added advantage. We will certainly stay there again	
Aug 21 2009 	Good value for the price	Quite ok hotel close to Pimlico underground. Quite far from other services such as shops etc though.Clean and very good value if you just need a place to stay when visiting London.	
Aug 10 2009 	A Step Too Far	Well 98 steps actually. That was the number of stairs climbed to get to our room as the lift was out of order for the whole week end (Friday afternoon until Sunday morning). I would be interested to know how long it had been out of order.The room was small but OK clean and nicely decorated, but very hot as it was at the very top of the hotel. There was an air flow unit above the bed but no remote with which to operate it. When we asked at reception for a remote control we were told it would cost an additional £10 to use the unit. Which in the end desperate for a good nights sleep we agreed to pay. Sadly no offer to waive the charge for the air con in compensation for the lack of the lift, this would have been a nice gesture. The water in the shower ran cold after only a minute, I did complete one of their maintenace cards placed in the rooms but received no feed back.So beware read all of the conditions relating to your booking. Our booking was a package deal.On the web page it shows the 'restaurant' with nicely laid tables, with cloths and cutlery, on entering the 'restaurant' down yet more stairs in the basement, the tables were formica topped and you had to help your-self to cutlery. The continental breakfast was included in the package, and a sorrier continental breakfast I have not seen in a very long time. Mini croissants, continental rolls, cereal, some yogurts, preserves oh (nearly forgot) delightful pre-packaged processed cheese, I think of the cheddar variety! That was it, no nice cold meats. The coffee (tasted like instant) was from a machine also dispensing tea and all other hot drinks and there was some orange juice and possibly grapefruit juice as well. But all was not lost you could have an upgrade to a full English for the additional sum of £4.Location was ok just a short walk to Pimlico tube station.Wouldn't suggest any-one stays here - well not at the top anyway!!	
Jul 28 2009 	Good value if you look for cheap hotel	This hotel is lovated on Belgrave Road among the cheap hotels and &quot;B&amp;B's. The location is not bad, about 10-15 minutes walk to victoria station. Bus stops right in front of hotel. The hotel itself is very basic. Rooms are tiny - two adults with their luggage can NOT fit. We had to move our suitcases all the time between the floor and the bed just to move around. Rooms are not dirty, but do not give you a feeling of freshness and spotless clean. The linnens and pillow were smelly (I had to spray my pillow with my aftershave). The mattress is very old, creeky and hard. The breakfast is OK, but a BAD value for the amount they charged for it.Staff was OK, neither good or bad. By nad large they were friendly enough, but not necessarily helpful.For the price we paid, it's good value, if you accept all the above as givens in a cheap hotel.	
Jul 9 2009 	I wish I could say I've stayed at worse	I'm sorry but from my point of view this is a terrible hotel, granted we arrived late on the Sunday night around 11pm, but checking in was an event in itself. Then Igot to the room, a bit smelly like yesterdays breakfast, I had to wipe the shower clean before I used it.It was also really noisy.But it is cheap for London and the breakfast was okay.I did notice as well that they didn't use the room I stayed in on the professional hotel photos. I wonder why?Beware though if you like a pint the bar closes at 10pm!!	
Jun 25 2009 	My suggestion: find another place	I really can't believe this hotel got so many high ratings here, that is one of the reasons we selected it. Our suitcases were searched while we were out, and a cheap trinket was stolen. Absolutely, use the hotel safe for valuables. The desk clerk really didn't care much when I told her. The bottom sheet was badly torn, a big chunk completely missing! the hole was about 12&quot; x 12&quot;, amazing they would put that on the bed. The bed sucked. No other way to put it. Just a terrible mattress. Small room, maybe 10feet by 10 feet.The staff are very friendly, but they actually know nothing of the neighborhood! It's amazing, first the desk clerk marked the wrong place on the map (the one they give to you for free) where the hotel is located, couldn't answer any questions about London, and didn't know the currency (absolutely true). Next day, another clerk, when asked if there's a good Italian restaurant around, assured me there was not, but said to walk down 2 blocks and turn right, there's lots of other good restaurants. Well, on the way, ONE block down on the same street (Belgrave), and VISIBLE from the front of the hotel, is O Sole Mio, an Italian restaurant, and it was great. The location is just so-so, most of the desireable London attractions are not nearby, so you need to take bus/tube to get to them, or be prepared to do some walking.I've been to London four times, stayed in 5 different hotels, this was by far the worst experience.	
Jun 23 2009 	Better Places to Stay	For London hotels, the size of the room and bathroom were good--though the step to get in to the tub was about 2.5 feet high! There was a lift to my room--thank goodness!The beds were not very comfy, but that was only a small complaint. However, if you are primarily interested in site-seeing, I'd recommend a location other than this one.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good base. Especially for first timers to London	Days Inn Westminster is a good base for central London, especially those visiting fot the firs time and wanting to be in close proximity to most sights. The hotel itself gets the job done, with standard European style small rooms, but with most modcons, including wifi at a cost. As I was staying on a pricline bid, I didn;t use the restaurant or other conveniences, bur was satisfied enough with a comfortable bed, ensuite bath, small desk, and small tv. As mentioned the hotel is between Vistoria and Pimlico tube stations. There's a Cafe Nerro around the corner thats opewn until 10pm, and a pub up the street.	
Jun 19 2009 	TERRIFIC!!	The room is small, the bathroom is small... but it's clean and comfortable and the staff are friendly and obliging. If you are planning on staying in your room all day, don't stay there, but it you are there to explore London, then this is the place. It's so conveniently located to EVERYTHING! A bus stops almost outside the door. There are two tube stations at your disposal. Pubs, restaurants, coffee shops, grocery stores all within walking distance. In fact, everything is within walking distance if you care to really sightsee! I would definitely recommend to all those who are ready to explore all that London has to offer.	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent Cosy Friendly Hotel	We booked this hotel online as we wanted something near to victoria coach/bus terminals. Its exactly 10 mins walk from Victoria Bus Station and 3 mins walk to nearest underground station Pimlico. The hotel is located on Belgrave Road, a beautiful Georgian Terraced street, its a clean quiet area, with alot of hotels, we definately thought it was the most attractive hotel on the street. Check In was quick &amp; efficient, Staff were very friendly &amp; helpful. Our twin room was spotlessly clean , very warm &amp; comfortable, rooms are quite small but are sufficient, bathroom was immaculate. Breakfast was served every morning and its a buffet style/ serve yourself idea. Continental breakfast was included in our rate, and guests can upgrade to the 'full English' cooked breakfast for only £4 extra per day!!! The full english breakfast looked very tasty although we didnt take it, and preferred the more healthy option. Dinner was available in the evenings from 6.00pm, the dinner menu looked very reasonable with a great choice of foods. There is a lovely Italian restaurant ' Pizza Express' just around the corner from the hotel about 2 mins walk, and also a nice indian restaurant nextdoor to Pizza Express. We stayed for 4 nights in June 09, the only bad part of our trip was the weather!! It wasnt awful , but I had hoped for more sun &amp; heat, I had to wear coats/trousers the whole time, -no shorts/t shirts.... For me the best part of the trip was the great location of this hotel, so close to the tube station, and only 2 stops away from Oxford Street for shopping. I couldnt have asked for a better Hotel &amp; would highly recommend it.	
May 27 2009 	Just my size	This hotel may not be for everyone, but it was absolutely perfect for my needs, as a single female on a quiet vacation seeing historical sights.The hotel is within walking distance to public transportation. I had a quiet fifth floor room with a single twin bed. So cute! It was the smallest, coziest hotel room I’ve ever seen. It reminded me of my childhood bedroom.The staff was friendly. The housekeeping staff were efficient and attentive. When I checked-out, the desk clerk asked me why I was on vacation alone, and I’m like “why not? I get to do things my way!”	
May 21 2009 	Small but good location and good value	For the price I paid (£35), I couldn't ask for better. Location is great - 5 minutes from Pimlico tube and 10-15mins walk from Victoria. Located in a quiet residential area in a road with lots of other hotels and B&amp;Bs. As a single female, I felt perfectly safe returning around midnight.The room and bathroom are small, but as the hotel is located in a terrace of old houses, you can't expect anything else. If you are looking for large rooms, go to a hotel built for the purpose.Breakfast is fine - toast/cereal/croissants/yoghurt/cheese with tea/coffee/hot chocolate from a machine. Also scrambled egss/bacon/sausages/beans/hash browns for full breakfast.Check in/out was fast enough, and staff were pleasant. Rooms were quiet. There was good tourist information in the rooms.The only quibble I would have would be the lack of security in the luggage room. You were given a key and left unaccompanied in the room, so anyone could interfere with other bags.	
May 13 2009 	Three Beds in a Tight Room	Located in the Westminster area of Greater London, the hotel is located along Belgrave Road, approximately 25 minutes walk from Victoria Station. Bus No. 24 makes a stop a block from the hotel. Belgrave Road is lined with many independent hotels and hostels along with a few pubs and variety stores. The hotel’s location is definitely a selling point for this property because once you arrive at Victoria Station; you will have access to the District and Circle lines plus other bus routes. The neighbour is clean and safe. The rooms are clean but they are typical metro-European in size, meaning they are small. Rooms are perfect for a couple or a family of three. Since we were travelling with three men on a business trip, the triple room was not very adequate. Basically we receive a room with three single beds that had no less than two inches between them and very little room to move about. Though the Shift Manager spoke with us in regards to this problem (and was very considerate) the hotel was unable to do anything for us since they were booked. Perhaps a free full breakfast would have been an adequate compensation?? Don’t expect large, luxurious rooms! Rooms feature a closet, small television with basic channels, full bath en suite, iron/press with board, electric coffee/tee pot and telephone. The hotel lobby features an internet access station at a “pay as you go” fee (a few p with give you a couple of minutes online). Continental breakfast was included with our stay which consisted of cereal, toast, juice, fruit, coffe/tea, ect. A breakfast upgrade is available for £4 which would give the guest the options of the hot breakfast buffet featuring scrambled egg, hash browns, bacon/ham, fried tomatoes, beans, ect. If you looking for pub fare, check out St. George’s Pub and The Marquis which are located up the road from the hotel, toward Victoria Station. Though the rooms can be small, if you’re looking for a place to shower and sleep then enjoy the sites of London while also getting the common qualities of the Days Inn brand (clean rooms, breakfast, Wyndham Rewards) then I would recommend this hotel. However this would certainly not be recommended if you’re not comfortable living in close quarters with your travelling companion (business, organized tour/group).	
May 4 2009	Broom Cupboard with en-suite shower	Just back from two nights here with my daughter. Booked twin room but, despite my protests, was given a &quot;double&quot; with bed pushed against wall, necessitating a climb over one another to get to the bathroom. Room was TINY-and cold- with a miniscule en-suite shower-room. Carpets were stained. Restaurant was ghastly: This morning the only transparent window was blocked by discarded soiled mattresses. Stomach-churning.	
May 1 2009 	Just an Inn	Getting a good value hotel in London is very difficult, and I guess this is an average £100 a night hotel. On the good side the room was spotlessesly clean, Continental Breakfast was good. The view from room 553 was good.The bad side: - Air conditioning, well not quite. There is a cooling unit in the room overwhch you have no control. Room size pretty small. Showering, not easy trying to stand in a dormer to shower. Can hear noise from the street.Worst of all the fire alarm went off at about 7.00am- - thankfully it was a false one, shame everyone seemed to have time to get dressed before rushing out.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Location	I stayed in the Days Inn Westminster for 2 nights last week. The hotel is located very conviently near Victoria Station ( about a 10 min walk) in a beautiful area of Westminster on Belgrave Rd. Reception and staff at the hotel were very friendly. We got a very cheap deal and that reflected in the room we were given. The room was tiny in the basement with the window opening onto a tiny courtyard where smells from the kitchen wafted through. It didn't really matter to us as we were just sleeping there and in fairness the beds were very comfy. Because natural lighting in the room was poor, all lights had to be turned on to make it look somewhat daytime.Other than that I would recommend the hotel. Reception staff very friendly. Free newspapers in reception everyday and they were very helpful with tourist attractions that are nearby ( Buckingham Palace, St James Park about 15 mins walk)So if its a cheap deal you've got.. be weary of the room you get! Some are tiny! But overall a great weekend and would definitely stay at the Days Inn again!	
Mar 13 2009 	Do not stay in room 106	Do not stay in room 106 unless you want to be woken up a 5.30 a.m. by the very loud noise of the kitchen extractor fan followed by the powerful smell of breakfasts being cooked. we did not sleep a wink after 5.30 &amp; our clothes smelt of cooking the next day.	
Mar 12 2009 	Size is everything	a disappointingly small room, probably only a single but with a double squeezed in. Would probably suit a single business person, but wouldn't want to spend more than a couple of nights cooped up in there. Had to balance the kettle on a `yellow pages and a `bible' to reach a plug!Other than that a pleasant enough hotel. Reception efficient and a good continental breakfast (full english available at an additional cost). Has a bar downstairs but we didn't use, so can't comment. Internet access in the reception costs £3 per hour. How do other hotels manage to give this free? Says a lot about the ethos of the company.	
Mar 3 2009 	Best value for money	We stayed for 3 days (27/2 - 2/3) and we are very happy with this hotel.Our check in and check out were very fast and the reception personel were all polite during our stay. We were given the room 360, which was a double room (not deluxe) and i must say it was larger than expected. Spotless clean both room and bathwoom. Hot water availiable whenever needed, still the fixed shower maybe a bit uncomfortable. And i would appreciated it if there was brush for the toilet. Amenities included hairdryer, ironing, showercap, nail care, liquid shoap for hair and body and shoe polisher but no tea facilities The room was a bit cold for me but maybe it was because i was sleeping near the window. Using the extra blanket made it fine. I don't know if the hotel was full booked but we didn't hear a sound all night long. Still our room was not located on the street side.When it comes to location, the hotel is near Pimlico Underground - blue line (3-5min walk) and bus station is almost outside the hotel entrance. Victoria is just a little longer but has tube, train and bus. So you can go everywhere in minimun time. Eating is not a problem as there are many coffee shops and pubs around. For breakfast try Cafe Mignon on Wariwick Str, english breakfast less than 6 pounds, really cozy and friendly.We would stay again at Days Inn especially when we paid less than 70pounds/night.	
Jan 13 2009 	Quiet Weekend Away	Ive read a few reviews about this hotel and honestly dont know what some people expect from some places ??I think this hotel was good for a number of reasons ... Price, Location and Excellent Transport Links. We booked this Early November and got 2 nights for £109... when we got there it was £140 a night ?? The hotel is located in Pimlico, which is a small district in Westminster. We flew to London Heathrow from Glasgow and getting to The City couldnt be easier. We got 2 Weekend Rail Tickets (£21 each) and this gave you access to both underground and the buses. The underground train (Picadilly Line) takes about 45 mins to Green Park Station and then its the Victoria Line to Pimlico and its round the corner from there. The hotel let us into our room at 12.45pm although we werent meant to get in until 2pm so that was a bonus as we got to drop our bags and head out.The room was on the small side as was the bathroom but its a base for sleeping ?? We had a double bedded room and it comes with hairdrier and trouser press is you need that sort of thing. The Bathroom had a large Shower cubicle but again not much room to move when two are in there.I couldnt comment on the Food served at the hotel as we never ate there but the staff were friendly and pleasant enough. The underground station is a 2-3 min walk away and the hotel is also served by the No.24 bus which stops directly outside the hotel. You couldnt ask for more !! Travelling time into the city is about 10 mins on the bus and roughly the same on the Underground given that you have to change trains a few times.Overall i would give the hotel a 8/10 for the Price Location and Excellent Transport Links.If i were to return to London then I would definetly book up for here again !!.	
Jan 11 2009 	Even for London - Disappointing	Taking my wife and mum-in-law to see a show in London, provided an opportunity to stay there the night, and having stayed relatively trouble free at Days Inns previously I thought I would give this a whirl. You expect a `standard' approach from chain hotels, which can be disappointing in terms of a `genuine' experience, but I'm a brit, so it didnt really matter. The hotel though was a huge let down.The hotel seemed in a good location, and in practice the surrounding area is rather nice, the common areas were clean, and the hotel pretty well furnished. So the negatives.. I called the hotel to ask about parking - because the website wasnt clear, and should have picked up at that point the key problem here - the staff. The girl on reception had a poor standard of English, and effectively couldnt wait to get me off the phone when I started asking about nearby parking options. Apparently there was a meter outside - cheers for that, other than this I was met with very long silences, I gave up and went to try and find one on the web.On arriving at about 1.40pm, the girl on reception told us our room wouldnt be ready until after 2 - we looked around to survey at least one other couple waiting - did we really have to wait for 20 minutes?... I suspect a tad more investigation might have found our room ready, she didnt even offer me the opportunity to check in, so you can gauge she hadnt even checked the reservation, 0/10 so far. We were given the key to the luggage room, the girl utterly oblivious to a 3 hour drive to the hotel, and 20 minute walk in the cold to the hotel from where we parked the car.Did I mention parking was an issue! £45 for 29 Hours at the nearest NCP. If you're driving, avoid this hotel.So, we come back, get to our room, sold as a family room, to sleep three adults. It was tiny, for the money we were paying. We went downstairs and asked if the hotel could get a cab for us, we were simply told we'd be better off trying our luck on Belgrave Road outside reception that if they ordered it would be a 15 minute wait, again bad attitude from the girl on reception.The night porter was worse when we got back. The machine swallowed a £1, and I advised him, he wasnt prepared to do anything for me, until my wife - by now fed up with these clowns, told him we were finally fed up with the attitude of the staff in this hotel, he proceeded to tell her to calm down, she quite rightly told him his attitude stank whereon he did give me my money back. £1 is neither here nor there its just the overall way the staff behave here which is the matter. The hotel management need to get this sorted. The hotel bar shuts at 930pm, the breakfast is £7 per head extra on top of the exorbitant fee, the walls were paper thin too. I could go on. But my final comment is simply if you want somewhere to put your head down close to Victoria Station, and don't care then go to this hotel. My belief is that a 2 star hotel should do the basic things well. Be polite to your customers, as polite as they are in a 5 Star, offer clean rooms of an acceptable size, and if you offer facilities then ensure they are managed and run to offer service which makes the guests stay a pleasant one.I originally gave this two stars - I'm deducting one, reading the above, and suggest if you feel the same way I do then avoid the place. I'll finish on a final up note - want a good breakfast for half the price of the days inn? and although i didnt have it Imagine nicer - walk up to the george and dragon en route to Victoria Station, we had a really excellent breakfast in nice surroundings.	
Jan 1 2009 	Overall Good Value	We have just returned from staying at the Days Inn, Westminster to celebrate the New Year. Having read some of the reviews i was a little apprehensive, however it was better than expected. a lot of the reviews stated that the rooms were very small, we must have been very lucky as we had a large room, 1 double and 2 single beds, room was very clean, bathroom was quite small but not a problem. Shower was very nice and hot which we needed as;The Major drawback to this room was the draft through the windows, appreciate the building is very old but even with the radiators on there was on constant draft, bearing in mind it was -3 degrees outside and probably not much more inside, so we had to keep layers of clothes on all the time we were in, we also had to use all of the extra blankets provided. obviously this wouldnt be issue in the summer!Breakfast was ok, continental was cereal/toast but for an extra £4 you could have full english! The best feature of this hotel is the location, very close to Plimico station with easy access to city. Also only £10 for a later check out 1pm instead of 11am. Decor is a little dated but when spending time in London you are not spending it sitting in your hotel room are you? Days Inn provides average accomodation.	
Dec 31 2008 	Really good base	Stayed here on a two night break with my Wife and 5yo Daughter. 3-4 minute walk to Pimlico station or £5 in a taxi from Victoria. Good location right on the Victoria Line. Area is really quiet and residential. Hotel was very clean and our room was quite spacious for a London Hotel. Breakfast was satisfactory and staff were pleasent. Will consider staying here again when in London.	
Dec 18 2008 	We thought this hotel was just fine!	We chose this hotel because we had some Wyndham Rewards points saved up, and we were able to redeem them for two nights at this hotel -- perfect length of time in London before we caught our train north. The location is great, near by two tube stations and lots of restaurants and pubs. Our room faced the front of the hotel with a view of Big Ben, the Parliment, and the London Eye. At night, when they were lit, the view was fabulous! We did not have any problems with street noise, however, we were right across from the lift which was semi-noisy at times. The room was an adequate size (compared to other European/British rooms) and we did have an air conditioner. I believe that you have to have the Deluxe room to have AC though. A few negatives were that the shower was positioned under an angled roof (I believe we were on the top floor) and my husband could not stand under the shower! I could barefy fit, if I turned sideways. Other than that, the room was comfortable, breakfast was adequate, and the staff was helpful and friendly. They even let us check in 5 hours early when we were totally wrecked from flying all night across the Atlantic.	
Dec 10 2008 	Nice little place	We booked this room as a reward night. We were worried about some of the comments about this place but we were very happy with our room. It was small but nice. We would stay at this Days Inn again.	
Nov 25 2008 	Dump	This is about the worst place I have ever stayed in - I got a single room the size of broom cupboard with a dip in the floor that I did not want to stand on for fear of going through the floor. Did not feel safe or secure there as a single female traveller. And for £120 a night!! I stayed the one night and went onto a 4 star hotel which was significantly cheaper. Plus the lift stopped working numerous times when I was there. The staff were pleasant but I think they are aware of the limitations of their surroundings. Don't even think about it....	
Nov 5 2008 	Perfectly Fine!	If your going into this hotel expecting the hilton or the marriot think again. This hotel is clean, basic and comfortable at an affordable price for london. We booked this hotel after scouring many sub £60 per night hotels for a cheap weekend in london. We picked this hotel as previous reviews have said it was exactly what we were looking for.The hotel is situated on Belgrave road in the quiet suburb of Pimlico. We we're a little apprehensive at first of staying here as we had never visted this area of london before but the hotel is on a street of townhouses and other hotels. The road that the hotel is on was rather quiet, we didn't hear any traffic noise during the night whatsoever.The hotel check in was fast and the staff we're freindly, we were given a room on the 3rd floor but we had to drag our cases up the stairs as the lift was tiny and as we're all fairly fit we could walk up the stairs rather than waiting.Our room was small but had a double bed, a desk, cuboard, tv, tea and coffee making facilities and a bathroom with shower. Even though it was small it was in good working order and most importantly of all, spotlessly clean! The bathroom came with soaps, towels and you could ask reception for supplies if you forgot toothbrush, shaver etc. To be honest with you for the price we paid we we're very suprised by the room. Its not the type of room you'd want to spend a week in but for 2 nights it was perfectly fine. Besides whos going to be stuck in a room all the time in london? Not me!The hotel is not far at all from the Pimlico underground station, but due to my poor navigation skills when we arrived it took alot longer than expected to get there, when i got my bearings it was around 5 minutes away and in the area there we're 2 pubs and a few supermarkets.Overall i would say this hotel is perfect for someone looking for clean comfortable accomodation and doesnt mind a smaller room.	
Nov 5 2008 	Give it a miss	If you have to go to London try and find something a bit better. It is basic, clean but English Breakfast is an extra £4 and the breakfast room is best avoided. The room as stated was clean but it was so hot, three of us stayed in separate rooms and all complained they could not sleep, turn down the heating or open a window. Staff are helpful but the one thing I needed was a nights sleep. I wish I had got up early and travelled the 3 hrs from home, would have felt better in the meeting.	
Nov 2 2008 	Clean and comfortable but small	My wife and I stayed over a saturday night in October. We're from the UK but don't stay in London often so we don't have much to compare against within London.We stayed in a double en-suite room on the 2nd floor. It was very clean and fairly comfortable, though quite small. It had very high ceilings. The room had a balcony that looked out on to the street below and the hotel opposite. I got the room for £70 through an online booking site which seems expensive but judjing from other reports, is reasonable for London. I noticed the front-desk price was double that which it certainly was not worth. I had to pay a £10 (refundable) deposit in case I used any 'extras'. I didn't see any 'extras' in the room except for the pay-per-view movie and adult channels.The room had a hot radiator though it was still cold in the room. There was an extra blanket and pillows in the tall narrow wardrobe which made the bed very warm. On the desk was a medium sized tube TV. Other things included: kettle, iron, trouser press, hair drier. The bathroom had a powerful shower with lots of hot water, though no bath. Everything looked spotless. Liquid soap was provided,but no toothbrush or toothpaste.It's about 10-15 mins walk from Victoria station or Pimlico tube on the Victoria line. It is on Belgrave road where there are lots of hotels side-by-side on the same and neighbouring blocks leading away from Victoria station, so if you like the location you might like to check out the many other alternatives. Next to victoria station is a supermarket that opens until late.The road did have some traffic, but it was very quiet during the night and we slept well. We could hear muffled conversation from next door and clear conversation from the corridor, though it didn't go on for long.Overall we thought we would stay again here again next time we visit London.	
Oct 31 2008 	cheap for london and ok ish	I chose the hotel by price and got what I paid for. The staff were nearly civil and the room was clean. You could just about close the door once your things were in the room. I saw one other room which was not quite as small.The TV and hairdryer were temperamental.If budget is your number one factor then this is ok for what it is, but dont expect luxury!	
Sep 29 2008 	NOISY room!	Like the reviewer below, I too had a basement room (LG6) and the noise was too much for me. I got the twin room for £47 which is good value but was attacked by loud noise from four directions: the kitchen (which starts at 6.30am), the laundry room, the violent banging of the fire doors in the corridor and hearing every footstep from the room above. So little sleep from 6.30am onwards, not helped with the amount of light that comes through the door. The room was dark during the day (being a basement room) but spacious enough. A remote for the tv would have been nice but, noise aside, it was good value for £47.	
Sep 1 2008 	You Don't Want To Spend Too Many DAYS INN This Hotel!!	I booked with Superbreak who claim this is a 3 star. I'd struggle to give it one!- The bar was closed at just after 11pm on a Saturday night- They charge extra for use of safety deposit facilities (charge is per container)- No a/c in rooms so it felt like a sauna. Open the windows by all means, but the hotel is on a busy and noisy road- Tried to charge me extra for a full breakast (even though my documentation clearly showed that my rate covered full breakfast)- Tiny bathroom. Sink is in a gap in the wall which I could only just access.This was certainly not worth the £88 I paid!	
Aug 27 2008 	Chill out Zone from the Madness of Notting Hill Carnival	Came down in full anticipation for the rigoours of party party at this year;s Notting Hill carnival. I was lucky to win a short break at this hotel. Really nice place, easy to find - from Victoria station 10-15min walk or 3 mins round the corner from Pimlico.Staff were friendly and welcoming. Free broadsheet newspapers, and WIFI in hotel lounge area. As I arrived early in the day, was unable to check in till 2pm. Nice to be able to store luggage in secure area while I went off and partied at Notting Hill.I got a complimentary bottle of wine waiting in my room which was a lovely touch. Rooms a little small for what I am used to, but it was very clean, and comfortable. Bed really comfy, and sjheets were clean - Important, as I have been to hotels where you really have to wonder. Not a problem here! I slept like a log. Nice view of London skyline at night with the illuminated London Eye. Couldnt get any decent photos because of some scaffolding at the back. window, but thats very minor.Breakfast - either continental or full English. My deal allowed me the full works, so I was not going to refuse now was I? t was all very good, and the restaurant staff , again very friendly and acoomodating. Check in and check out very smooth. Would I recommend to friends and family - Yes, I would - definately.	
Aug 2 2008	So-So	Area is not bad for exploring London, close to Victoria station (5-10 mins walk).I stayed in one of the basement rooms. It was next to the kitchen, so rather loud, and had almost no daylight. Kitchen sounds from early to late. In contrast to other reviews here my room and bathroom were relatively spacious.Found it a bit basic for a three star. Room interior was not too bad but could have been a bit more friendly and could certainly use refurbishing. Overall not too bad if you can get a good deal through one of the booking sites.	
Jul 23 2008 	The tiniest bathroom in the world	The main problem was the bathroom - it was so small I couldn't use the toilet with the bathroom door closed as there was about 2 inches between the door and the toilet. I couldn't sit sideways either because the sink was in the way. And I had to go back into the room to dry after a shower as there was only room to stand (just about). The bedroom was compact - ok for one but definitly not for 2 despite the double bed. The bed sloped towards the head (the old floors causing the problem not the bed!). Also the sash window wouldn't stay open and, as there was no air con it was really stuffy (I fashioned an escape!)The hotel was in a good location, near to Pimlico, the staff were ok and the view was good across to Battersea Power Station (from the 4th floor).	
Jul 16 2008 	Loved London	Hotel is about 15 min walk to Vicoria Underground Station or 5 minutes to Pimlico Tube and there is a Bus (#24) that gets you all the way thru London to the hot sights. This hotel is in a great location, Cheap eats all atound the area (Pimlico), Staff at the hotel are great, Hotel is older but is in good conditon and the bath and room are nicely kept but very small. Continental Breakfast was included in our rate and was good - don't bother with the Cooked - you pay and extra 4 pound and it aint worth it.	
Jul 6 2008 	Happy with Days Inn	Stayed at Days in from June 21st-25th 2008. Positives:Friendly staff - nice young man from the Ukraine. (evening duty) Room - we had the triple/family room. There is actually a sleeper sofa also in the room that is perfect for a young teen/child. I found it roomy enough (just don't compare it to American hotels)Close enough to Victoria Station which has everything from restaurants to tour buses, to railways...terrific. Buses run in front of the hotel which you SHOULD use to see the top sights....they are EVERYWHERE. Cost about $6-7 for a round trip all day pass..which you can use on ANY bus. All the top sights are close by (but not walking distance) - we could see the London Eye out our window. Negatives:Pumping the toilets until they flushed.No A/C in room (it can feel stuffy if you are used to an A/C blasting all the time) although the windows open up.It is in a residential/hotel area which 'shuts down' fairly early...there is a pub close by, but we found the pubs to be on the expensive side. VERY SMALL/SLOW ELEVATOR...fits about 3 people...we had 7 people with lots of luggage...OUCH. Lots of stair climbing for us.	
Apr 16 2008 	poor room	Check in OK but room on fifth floor and the smallest I have every stayed in. Double bed against the wall and barely enough room for two people to get past the desk and bed. The bathroom was totally unreasonable - barely enough room to stand at the basin and impossible to sit on the toilet with the bathroom door closed. Never before felt so cramped. We put up with it because it was only for one night but would not recommend.	
Mar 19 2008 	Really Decent Stay...Please Read On...	OK, Just got back...Here's the real dope on this hotel...Location of Hotel is about 15 min walk to Vicoria Underground Station and there is a Bus (#24) that gets you all the way thru London to the hot sights...Cause prices in the UK are ridiculous ($4 for coffee) , this hotel is in the perfect loca for You for the following reasons: Great supermrkt Sainsbury 5 min walk and cheaper eats all atound the area (Pimlico)...Staff at the hotel are great (Tim &amp; Tamara thanks for your help...) Hotel is older, but is in good conditon and the bath and room are nicely kept...Not a hotel if you are looking for 1st class, but my wife and I loved it...Watch out for other hotel in area....This one is the one to stay at ...Hope this helps...	
Mar 9 2008 	Average clean. Good Location for sights	Booked into the Corus Best Western and was informed on arrival that there was an unforeseen maintenance problem and that they had to close a floor and rebook me into the Days Inn across the road (stated to be of the same standard). I have never stayed at either hotel before so can't give a comparison. The Days Inn was acceptable though not startling. The room was clean and well equipped. A very good shower although the bathroom was also tiny. Every hotel I have ever stayed in, in central London has been a cupboard so the only other things to consider are location &amp; price vs. quality. I've read some horror stories re. bed bugs and filth in some other hotels on the same street, which appear to be better priced; maybe you have to put up with outrageous London prices for a clean broom cupboard. After a hunt round the web I got the price down to approx. £75 a night for two rooms for two nights with continental breakfast at the Corus Best Western (the one I booked). (£300 total). The advertised price behind the reception desk (walk in price) at the Days Inn was £150 per night . I certainly would not pay that for a room. I booked in this area (Victoria / Westminster) as we were going to the show in the Victoria Theatre, doing the London eye and general sightseeing. The location was excellent for all the above, all in walking distance.Note I flew on to Barcelona from London for a football game and paid £200 for 5 nights All Incl. in a four star hotel in Calella with 2 double beds a huge bathroom and balcony. (The mind boggles)London sucks of greed! The people are the most obnoxious and loud in the country. Must be the effect of being crushed into small spaces.	
Feb 24 2008	What a pity some staff dont give a damn	Good hotel if the right staff are on dutyDay 1 arrived room on 5th floor-no liftStaff grunted at complaintFood was pizza only despite quite a good menuCanned beer at 3 pounds a canBack again day 2 different staff- completely different hotel-warm-freindly-apologetic and a real joyWrote to Days Inn HQ in USA -promised reply in 7 days- still waiting despite 2 follow up lettersUse this hotel if you wish- I just hope you get the right duty personell-if not then good luck	
Feb 14 2008	The tiniest room....	This was the tinest hotel room I had ever stayed in as I only needed a single. And a single is what you get! But it was clean and nice, had a great shower too. Breakfast was included and was very good. Front desk people very pleasant and helpful. There was one bad night with a bunch of partiers across the street and the sound really carried up to my room but that wasn't the Days Inn fault. It was a short 7 minute walk to the VictoriaTheatre where I saw Wicked. Also quick walks to the tube station and Victoria station so close to central London. For London prices, I felt pretty good about the deal I got.	
Feb 1 2008	Take the ear plugs!	I stayed with a friend at this hotel early last month so that we could go to the theatre and have a few days sighseeing. It is very easy to find and has excellent transport links. We chose it due to its close proximity to Victoria. When we got there the reception was welcoming and clean. On arriving in the room it was very cramped for 2 people (not enough room to swing a cat). Yet, we were simply going to be sleeping there. So far not too bad.When it came for retiring for the night, I can honestly say I have never slept so badly in my life. The beds were comfortable but the noise was unbearable!!! It is next to a busy road and the walls are so thin that you can hear everybody else no matter what they are doing in dolby surround sound! The second night there were other guests screaming and shouting until 4am, making sleeping out of the question.At some stages we were quite uncomfortable with this noise as to young females and the doors of the hotel were just left open with noone on the desk after around 11pm. Food wise the breakfast was fine and filling. Stay here if you want a cheap base and can sleep through anything!	
Nov 21 2007 	Good location	Very good location, close to Tube stations. Very small room. Woke up from maids doing what seemed/ sounded to be construction on the floor above us. Nice balcony.	
Oct 22 2007 	Really nice hotel	We just stayed at the Days Inn Westminster for 5 days and were totally satisfied. The location of the hotel was great. It was one block away from a bus stop (#24) and a block and half away from the tube station. There is a great pub (left out front door of hotel, take a right at the second street) called Chimes. The Gallery pub by the tube station was good too. There is a little market close by as well. We felt safe walking to and from the bus and tube.The front desk staff was either really nice and helpful or indifferent depending on who was on duty.We had a triple with 3 twin beds. The layout of the room afforded privacy and we had plenty of room for our stuff. Which is great since we were 3 women touring London. The shower in the room had great pressure and the room was clean. The continental breakfast was fine. I would chose this hotel again.	
Oct 17 2007 	nice hotel but a few mishaps	nice clean hotel with lovely room, nice bathroom but a few things that ruined the stay. the pipes in the bathroom made an awful noise all night, the road is so busy and the single glazed sash windows meant the noise from the buses and planes kept me awake all night, along with the sound of the bathroom pipes. Also, i tried to iron my suit trousers for a conference the day after and the iron is sooo hot that it burned a massive hole in the trousers and when i was upset and panicking that i had no other trousers to wear to the conference (the reason for the visit) the staff on reception were not helpful at all and could only suggest that i pay 20 pound for a taxi in the middle of the night on my own in london!!! the day after, the hotel booked us a taxi to the conference (we had no idea where to go) and they told us it would cost 18 pound, It was literally a 5 minute taxi journey that did indeed cost us 18 pound and when we flagged a return taxi on the way home it was only 4 pound. Obviously the hotel has a special deal with a taxi firm and are totally ripping off people who are not familiar with london!! word of advice - do not let the hotel book you a taxi - go outside the hotel and flag one down.	
Oct 9 2007	An OK hotel	Theis is the second time I stayed at the hotel, and it is obvious that there are a lot of differnt rooms that has different qualities. In 2005 I had a larger large room with a very nice bathroom...that was on the main road side of the hotel, and therefore a bit noisy. in 2006 I had a tiny room with a bathroom that was tinier than on a sailboat, but the room was quiet and towards the rear of the hotel. My friend had a big room, but again towards the road. I found the employees very friendly, and helpful. The location of the hotel is excellent, with two tube stations within 5 minutes walk, one of Londons most friendly Italian restaurants (2 min), and a real Cider pub (4 min)	
Sep 18 2007	Urgh! 1 Night was plenty!	This hotel was booked for a business trip - its small, dingy and is no better than a b&amp;b. I arrived and was put ina single bedded smoking room on the 5th floor (£115 a night!) I asked for a room changed which was actioned quickly my new double room was better but still on JUST fitted a double and the room at teh front of the hotel was so noisey I hardly slept. I wouldn't go back. Although I did find the free on road parking after 6.30pm a bonus!	
Sep 11 2007 	Close to two tube locations	This hotel was not the best location - however it was close to two tube stations. The bummer was the nearest tube station was closed due to repairs the week we traveled. The reason for our stay there was because we required a QUAD room - there are very few quad accommodations in London. The room was tight for four people - very small bathroom - but clean. Cleanliness is the most important thing to me! We had a wee balcony overlooking a very busy street. It got quite loud at night, especially because our street was full of youth hostels. So young adults (if you could call them adults) would be out in the street all hours making loads of noise. I felt the concierge could have been more helpful - when asking questions they were very reluctant and didn't have any suggestions for supermarkets or eateries. This was our second trip to London - so we felt like we knew it pretty well. I'd have been a little put off if it had been my first trip. As for the breakfast - it was typical - not a bad price for a quick bite - but not the best English breakfast I've ever had.	
Aug 30 2007 	Pleasant place to stay	This hotel is convenient to tubes, Victoria station. Much has been done to upgrade this old former mansion. There was nice marble upgrade to bathroom. The lift is quiet and makes hauling luggage more manageable. Continental breakfast is included and very nice. One can upgrade breakfast include eggs, bacon etc at additional price. It is walkable with luggage from Victoria station but not for the weak. I was definitely having a workout lugging suitcases for 28 minutes.IT would be best to transfer to Pimlico Tube station and walk 5 minutes to Days Inn. Buy Day pass before getting on tube so that you can go back out to sight see after checking in hotel15 minute walk to Victoria tube, train and coach station. 27 minute walk to Buckingham palace. 5 minute walk to laundrette and Pimlico tube station. HINT: to take tubes go out front door to right to Pimlico tube station. It is closer than Victoria tub station. If you are going anywhere in central London it is still only a 1 zone trip although you will probably have to transfer at Victoria station. Look into day pass for tubes. The pub right next to Pimlico tube station is nice with good family food. If you book day tours through Evan Evans tours, you can pick up tour 15 minute walk on Vauxhall Blouvard or at Victor coach station.....Jack the ripper tour is different and 10 hour tour to Oxford University and Warwick castle was great.Victoria at front desk was a sweet heart and very helpful. You might want to request room away from front as street got noisy when pubs closed at 2:00 Am. Ear plugs are alway a plus in small hotels in London. Television was limited to 6 channels but if you are wasting your time watching too much Television while in London, you are doing something wrong.All things considered I would go back to Days In Westminster. I recommend it but only wish I had known all the things have posted when I checked in.	
Jul 26 2007 	Comfortable basic hotel	Comfortable, but tired accomodations. Very nice staff. Close to Pimlico tube and Victoria tube/train stations. We liked it as we were a family of 4(2 adults, 2 kids) and did not want to book 2 rooms so we got the 'Family Room' which was 1 double bed, 1 twin bed, and 1 double futon. The futon was broken but they fixed it. This room is quiet as its on the upper floor in the back, its the drunk customers coming home after the pubs close that is loud. Would stay away from the rooms in the stair well and on the bottom floor as they may be loud. Bfast is OK. Fruit, yogurt , dry croissants, tea, coffee and for 4 Euros more you can have a buffet English Fry up. Not the best English bfast I've seen. Also offered wireless web access in our room(had to pay for) but worked well. Wouldn't say 'no' to staying here again, but would like to try other hotels on this price range to see if any better. Good neighborhood as mostly residential and hotels. Some pubs and restaurants very near by.	
Jul 25 2007 	This was a good hotel until they forgot about maintenance	25/07/2007We (my wife and I) have just spent a week-end in this hotel. Now to be fair it wasn't all bad in fact there were many positive aspects toour stay. The room was of a reasonable size the hotel clean and the staf by enlarge pleasent and responsive to our requests and enquiries. Again the continental breakfast was adequate and facilities good. However when an hotel quotes in its lierature that their ethos is to provide good, clean accomodation at a reasonable price where everything works and then it doesn't, that irks. Our roomhad non-functioning lights, a badly cracked wash basin a kettle whichbroke down on first use and housekeeping who had not cleaned our roomby 2.00pm then obviously not everything worked. We had two doors to the room with a gap between to cusion noise which was very good. But one door didn't close properly on its automatic closure and had to bepulled closed while the other had fallen on its hinges and jammed against the upper part of the frame and again needed to be pulled closed with a hefty tug. Add to that the fact that an English Breakfast costs £4.00 extra for scrambled egg and bacon and this does not constitute good value either. Along with that was the frustration of a long narrow dining room with a buffet breakfast (either EB or continental) which meant shuffling up and down squeezing past other breakfasters to get to your selected table. Now the location of this hotel is good, near to both attractions and transport links and while we were there the area seemed pleasently quiet. But don't expect perfection or anything near. Things could be a lot better with a more responsive menagement and a good maintenanceperson. GM. Northern Ireland	
Jul 1 2007	Nice quiet location	Hotel was in a nice, quiet location. The neighborhood was cute and there were some nice little restaurants and pubs nearby. Very close to the underground and buses. The front staff was ok. Some people were a little rude but others were nice. We arrived early and they held our luggage for us. The wireless internet didn't work in the room but we were able to use the computer in the lobby. The rooms were very quiet and clean. The elevator wasn't working so we had to carry our luggage up the stairs to the 3rd floor. The rooms were an average size for Europe. The bathtub was nice and big. I would definitely stay there again. I recommend it if you are looking for something quiet. The neighborhood seemed very safe. About the other reviews about the lack of screens on the windows...we stayed in Dublin, Paris and London and none of the hotels or our friends houses have screens on the windows. I never saw any bugs anywhere. FYI...the hotel room doesn't have air conditioning.	
Jun 22 2007 	Ok for 1 night	Stayed at Days Inn just for 1 night. The area around looks very nice, Pimlico tube station is just 5 min from the hotel. Room was very small (but I guess its usual for London hotels), old fashioned, twin bed so small that I dont know how somebody really tall can fit into it. Bathroom was a litlle bit in a modern way, refurbished recently obviously...funny thing was when you wanted to turn the light on-there´s a small rope hanging which you pull!!! Staff ok, but could be better, elevator hardly working, in the morning I could hear people from other rooms..So, generally location was ok for getting quickly to tube and center, room ok for 1 night, but for longer I suppose I couldnt get used to it!	
Jun 21 2007 	Insects in the Bed!! and no refund!	As part of the last stop on my honeymoon, my wife and I chose to stay at the Days Inn Westminster UK on 80-86 Belgrave Rd. London, England SW1V 2BJ on June 4th &amp; 5th, 2007.. We had been to Iceland and Scotland without any problems and arrived at the Days Inn at 11:15pm. We were given the keys to room 364 and took the elevator which dropped us off on the wrong floor even though we had hit the right button. Upon entering the room we noticed it had no resemblance to the pictures we saw on the Expedia-Days inn website. In fact, the room did not even match the pictures on the brochure from the Days Inn lobby. In addition, the room smelled and the shower door was broken making difficult to enter or get out of the shower. Since it was late we decided to stick it out and stay, however lying down to sleep we noticed several small insects in the bed with wings. I tried to catch one but they would leap and were impossible to catch. Whether they were bed-bugs or flew in from the screenless window didn’t really matter to us, we knew we had to leave for health reasons. In fact I had been in the bed for about 15 minutes and I sustained a bite above my ankle (I have a pic but don't want to disgust people reading this). We packed up and went to the lobby for checkout around 12:15 am. The desk clerk Smadar was very unsympathic and said that we were getting what we paid for in a 3 star hotel. I said no hotel should contain insects and asked if Smadar would stay in a room with insects if he were on vacation with his family. Still, nothing seemed to get through and I was told no refund would be given so I had him call a cab and we left at 12:15am tired and disgruntled.We ended up staying at a Marriott which cost $475 US dollars per night.(compared to the Days Inn $214 per night). Days Inn gave us a refund for 1 night but with the night they charged us for plus the Marriott, cabfare ($25 US), and calls to the Days Inn Manager ($25) we ended up spending $570 in unforeseen expenses (not to mention the hours I’ve spent calling Expedia at work and trying to get a hold of the Days Inn Manager while still in London).Regarding the Manager, Mr. Ali Rizwan, I called the following morning from a payphone (June 6th) and explained my predicament and that a full refund would be needed given the hardship, insects, and terrible shape/smell of the room. He said he would need to check with his managers and call in pest control to check the room. I called several times from the payphone in London and he kept saying he had to check with his supervisors and that the pest control folks had not found anything. Given the insects had wings they could have easily flown out of the screenless window so this didn’t at all surprise me. Also, he said the pest control co. was under contract for Days Inn so finding bugs would be a conflict of interest and could result in their contract being nullified. Since I was flying home I gave Mr. Rizwan my phone # and e-mail address and he promised to contact me with his supervisors refund info. After a few days I had heard nothing which surprised me because he seemed professional when I spoke to him on the phone. Finally I called with my cell phone (Verizon charges me $1.50US per min.) and though I called during his hours (London time) I was continually told he was not there and that he would get back to me, I left my contact info. each call. Even writing this letter I have yet to hear back any info from him. Here is the call breakdown:6/5 Called from payphone at London Marriott (10 minutes)6/6 Called from payphone at London Marriott (10 minutes)6/8 (arrived home) Called from home with cell phone (5 minutes)6/12 Called from home with cell phone (5 minutes)Here is their “guarantee”: Days Inn guaranteeAs our guest, you can expect warm hospitality and clean, comfortable rooms where everything works, to make your stay trouble-free and enjoyable. We work hard to earn our reputation as &quot;The Best Value Under the Sun.&quot;·We are personally responsible and strive to ensure you have an exceptional stay with us. ·We are prepared to resolve any situation that does not meet our high standards. As your Hosts, we are empowered to meet your needs in a timely manner. ·We are proud to be your friendly, attentive and professional Hosts. ·Our greatest compliment is for you to return to us or any other Days Inn® location worldwide for &quot;The Best Value Under the Sun.&quot;I booked the trip through Expedia.com and have had even less success with their call center. I’ve called 6 times for a total of 1 hour and 40 minutes on the phone, the majority of this done at work. Each time I would be put on hold for several minutes then the rep. would try and call Mr. Rizwan to see if a refund would be issued, it was like I had to call Expedia to remind them to contact Days Inn! For the last call it took them 30 minutes to say that Days Inn would only issue a credit for 1 night and I asked to speak to a supervisor whereby I was told I would be on hold for 2 hours before getting through. It was like the rep didn’t want me to talk to someone over their head and while I was on hold she kept saying that I should just accept the 1 night refund and it was a good deal, I informed her it was not acceptable and left my phone # and asked for the supervisor to call me back and I never heard a thing from them after that. Here is my call log (all calls can be backed up by my Verizon statement if requested).6/9 14 minutes6/10 7 minutes6/11 9 minutes6/11 9 minutes (called x2)6/13 10 minutes (Reps name was Mabel)6/14 50 minutes! (Reps name was Sylvia and wouldn’t allow me to talk to a supervisor)Expedia GuaranteeYou can count on us to provide support throughout your trip. Whether you have questions about your itinerary, have a change in travel plans, or need help resolving a problem with the trip you booked, we're here to help 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Our job is to satisfy you!We guarantee that the travel you booked with Expedia will meet the descriptions on our site and in your itinerary (as confirmed on our site within 24 hours of travel), or we will work with our partners on your behalf to find a solution. We’ll take responsibility—at no additional cost to you—if we make a mistake booking your travel.Both companies did not meet their guarantees and failed at any degree of customer service and I was never given a refund.	
Jun 8 2007 	OK for the slim and agile!	It is in Pimlico not Westminster and is not close to anywhere. Having said that there are a few pubs and reasonable restauants nearby. Reception staff unwelcoming though breakfast staff great. Bar and restaurant had closed by the time I arrived at 9.05pm!The 'double' room I had was not only incredibly cramped but was designed so as to make the worst use of available space - you couldn't get at the waste bin because the chair in front of it was against the bed - you had to climb over the bed to get in. The shower doors were fitted so you could hardly get in.It was cheap and breakfast was quite good. If you are staying just one night and just want somewhere to sleep (and are reasonably agile and not too over-weight) then this could be for you.	
May 26 2007	Mary from SC says: Not as advertised!	The hotel is located close to Victoria Station which is the main hub for travel which was great but, very noisy. We could hear the other occupants in their rooms on either side of us and above us. Not to mention all the street noise and airplanes taking off in the early morning. We booked a room with twin beds but none were available when we arrived. The room was small compared to American hotels but it was clean. There were only 7 channels on their &quot;satelitte&quot; tv. The &quot;internet cafe&quot; did not exist. There was a computer in the lobby that had an &quot;out of order&quot; sign on it the entire trip.The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was sparse as the selections consisted of cereal, yogurt, cold rolls/croisants and cheese. In my opinion, this hotel is overpriced for what it offers. If you're just looking for a place that is located within walking distance of the sites and the station and don't mind paying a lot of money for it...go for it.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great for the Traveler	During my one week stay here, I always felt safe, which is something I treasure when I'm in Europe alone. The rooms are tiny by American standards but normal by London standards. My room had a nice, deep, clean bathtub that I used. The staff was extremely helpful -- My boyfriend arrived at the hotel before I checked in and they were willing to take his bag behind the front desk for the day. They were also willing to take a written message from him, which they gave me when I checked in. This was very helpful because we are those annoying Americans whose cell phones were useless in England. The hotel was close to the Pimlico station (about a 5 minute walk), a further walk to the Victoria station (about a 15 minute walk), and right near a bus stop that goes to Trafalgar Square, Big Ben, and Leicester Square. The bus was definitely the more interesting way to get around but not the fastest. I took the Underground to London Bridge every day for work and it was a hike, but this is a good place for tourists. Stay here. It's worth it.	
Mar 31 2007	Not an Inn and not in Westminster	This is actually in the B&amp;b hinterland between Victoria and Pimlico, and therefore a fair walk from either Tube station. Tatty decor, sparse breakfast in the basement. Lots of street noise if you have the misfortune to end up downstairs in Room 101 (I kid you not). Avoid.	
Mar 19 2007 	Good Value - Great Location!!	Fab location 10-15 minute walk from Victoria underground station, from the room I had on the top floor you can see most major attractions, from my bathroom window I could see Big Ben. The room was OK size wise but was very very clean and smelt fresh. All in all very good value for money would definitely stay again.	
Feb 4 2007	BASIC	Stayed here in December for 2 nights. This grandly named hotel is actually in Pimlico on a street where there are lots of other hotels, about a 10 minute walk from Victoria. The hotel is fairly basic but you get what you pay for. Rooms are quite small but clean and have a TV and tea/coffee failities. Narrow corridors and thin walls and do not expect a nice view. Breakfast is recommended and only GBP6.95 for full English. Staff friendly. Use this hotel as a base and don´t have high expectations and you will be ok.	
Jan 23 2007 	Okay for London	I stayed here for nearly a week in January and despite some doubts it turned out to be fine. The room I had was small but try finding a large room i tis price bracket in London. The bathroom was likewise small but everything was perfectly functional.I have had some bad experiences with Days Inns in the US before and was relieved that this place had none of the same problems. The staff were friendly, the breakfast was fine, the location is good and it is generally value for money if you just want a clean place to sleep.I had a minor issue with the heating as it is was of the fixed water heater type that is typical of London. With a bit of experimenting I managed to get the temperature okay.The only other issue was people smoking in the entrance way. I walked out the door into a great cloud of expired smoke and complained to the person producing the smoke. A minor yelling match followed regarding the rights of people to smoke where they please. It turned out that this man was actually the receptionist!I will stay here again however.	
Dec 31 2006 	Thumbs down	We stayed in Days Inn for one night. We booked our hotel on Expedia and paid $170 (including taxes).Although London is very expensive and $170 doesn't buy much, we were very disappointed particularly since we stayed in London again at the end of our vacation and booked a great hotel (Riverbank Park Plaza) for the same price!At Days Inn, we were given a room in the basement right next to a laundry (NOISY!!!, people coming and going and slamming the doors all the time). Additionally, the room's window overlooked stairs that went from the street down to the laundry (in the basement) where people sat and smoked (so you really couldn't open the window although in December it was not an issue). There was also a bright bright security light on those stairs and the curtains were not the greatest so the room was not dark at night. Also, since the stairs were accessible to the street, the room could have been easily broken into.The room was noisy. It was also very small. The bathroom was tiny. The room was reasonably clean.Finally, a fire alarm (?) went off in the middle of the night for a few minutes.Stay away from this hotel.	
Dec 4 2006 	Clean Convenient	This hotel is convenient and very clean. The rooms are rather small. I stayed in a double but the room felt like a tiny dorm room. If you need a clean comfortable place to sleep this will do fine. I did note that though the bathroom was clean, there was an occasional smell that seemed to be coming from the toilet, most likely a line or valve problem. Don't let this deter you because it may have been only in the room I stayed in. Bring your own shampoo as it is not provided, and if you don't like using liquid soap out of a dispenser bring a soap bar. The towels were bright and thick. The staff is friendly and accommodating. The #24 bus stop is right outside the hotel and will take you straight into Trafalgar Square or SoHo. That particular bus runs 24 hours a day. Victoria Station is an easy 10 minute walk. I stayed in this hotel because I could not find a very good deal on a 4-star property in Mayfair/Soho, as the exchange rate is not favorable for Americans. (The exchange rate is downright painful.) I would stay here again if a good deal on a 4-star was not available. S. Gaskins, Atlanta	
Nov 16 2006 	Clean and Comfortable	I wanted to stay i westminster area for 4 nights,I could not get the reservation in any hotel for my whole stay, so I made two bookings for first two nights in Quality hotel and last two in Days Inn westminster. I was not happy with my stay in first hotel although I paid lot of money, rooms were tired and very old. When I moved after my two nights stay to Days Inn, I was thinking on my way how this hotel would be as I paid much less then the first one. But I was surprised to see the quality of the hotel. It was very clean and very comfortable.Staff is very helpfull.	
Oct 29 2006	Not Great	I stayed here for one night while on business in London. We are only given a very small allowance (by London standards) so this was about all I could get, but the hotel was a bit out of the way, and the room was pretty small, with a barely adequate bathroom. The reception area was quite bare. Breakfast was okay.The hotel was clean, but overall just not enough going for it to make me want to consider booking there again.	
Sep 29 2006 	The Perfect hotel for our needs	We have just returned from a 2 week holiday in Spain. On our way home, we had a one night layover in London. I booked The Days Inn Westminster, based on reviews I had seen on this site, and also because of the location. I was very pleased with my choice. We flew into Gatwick, took the Gatwick Express train into Victoria Station and the hotel was a 10 minute walk up the street. Very convenient. The hotel rooms were small, but spotlessly clean and since we didn't spend any time there except to sleep, it was fine. The bed was comfortable, it was quiet and it had all the amenities needed for a one night stay (coffee facility, hair dryer, etc.) I liked the area because it was not a busy street, more like part of a community. There were 2 pubs up the street, and another street with several restaurant choices. We were walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, etc. so it was very convenient. The next morning, we checked out and they held our luggage for us in a lockup. We toured around a bit more, picked up our luggage, zoomed up the street and hopped on the train and were at the airport in 30 minutes. Very convenient - I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 29 2006 	A Good Deal for London	Given that London hotels are very expensive compared to almost anywhere else in the world, one needs to adjust expectations to the market. The Days Inn was fair value, very clean, easy to get to, within walking distance of Victoria Station, quiet and comfortable.I stayed for one night after having flown in from Australia and looked for a hotel within walking distance of key sights in London. That is exactly what I got. The room was small (but I have stayed in smaller rooms), but that is typical of this price range in London. If you do not want a small room do not look in this price range. It is within walking distance of Victoria station, unless you have a lot of luggage (in which case the rooms will be too small anyway).If you are looking for fair value, quiet, clean and safe. The Days Inn meets the need. Breakfast was good, staff were adequately informed.	
Sep 21 2006 	Not a good experience	We stayed for one night at this hotel and it was not a good experience. We requested a double room en suite and we got three single beds in a very small, dark and drab room with a small bathroom. The room was clean but the beds were very uncomfortable (you could feel the springs through the top of the mattress!) and the duvet was thin and you could not pull it up over your shoulders as it seemed fixed. We asked reception for a wake up call and this did not happen and the breakfast was very poor in the basement of the hotel. We phoned before arrival as we had booked for a full English breakfast and the guy on reception offered us a two for one deal (pay for one breakfast only) as there had been a mix-up at the time of booking. The staff in the breakfast room did not speak English very well and did not have any idea of the deal we had been offered so it took a long time to sort out! There was an American couple there with a similar problem and they were staying for a whole week!On checking out they tried to charge us for the full breakfast and it took a phone call to the guy I spoke to to sort this problem out. The staff were not helpful to the point of rudeness and seemed to want to argue the point. We would definitely not stay at this hotel again and would happily pay a little more to stay somewhere of a better standard.	
Aug 29 2006 	Location Misrepresented	The location of this hotel is grossly misrepresented. It is stated that it is behind Victoria Station as though it is close by. It's at least 1/2 a mile. We booked planning to walk with our luggage from Victoria - BIG mistake. No air conditioning - oh yes, an open window. Met another couple that had the same problem - expected it to be close. The good about it is that is very quiet, but don't try the restaurant. They really took us to the cleaners on the exchange rate. Would not stay there again.	
Jun 21 2006	Days Inn Westminster - great place to stay:)	We booked this lovely hotel over the internet last minute and got a double ensuite room for £49 pounds which also included continental buffet breakfast for both of us. The rooms were very clean and cosy and looked like it had been recently refurbished. The bathroom was abit small but had everything you could need in it and there was a tray with complimentary tea,coffee, sugar etc and a kettle for boiling water too. There was also a hairdryer so you don't need to carry one and colour tv!!!Considering it was in the centre of London and very close to Buckingham palace, Pimlico tube station and Victoria station, it was an ideal location and at a very good price as well. (By the way, they have there own website as well so if you are going to book this hotel I suggest booking online as its cheaper then just turning up on the day).Travellers Tips: If you are travelling around London get a day travelcard its very handy and you can use it for DLR as well if you are going to visit the Greenwich Meridian Museum. Also there is a really nice takeaway/chinese restaurant called Chopstix Exchange which is a short walk from the hotel if you're feeling hungry.	
Jun 7 2006	Good - but staff need training	The room and bathroom were clean and had adequate space for a stopover for the night before continuing travelling.A couple of problems - a double room ended up as a twin room!! - not a big deal - but it is annoying as I made a telephone booking, and would have most probably booked elsewhere if they had told me this.Secondly, check-in was slow and vague, and when we were watching TV in the reception area, the person on the desk kept switching through the channels!	
Jun 7 2006	Very pleasant stay at the Days Inn Westminster London	We had a really pleasant stay at the Days Inn Westminster Hotel in London, recently. From my first contact with the hotel, I found the staff very friendly. When I rang initially to make the reservation, I was asked if I had internet access. When I advised that I did have access, I was told that if I registered on their website and then make the booking online that I would get a discounted rate, which turned out to be £8 discount per room. The hotel itself is in a lovely location in London, and the room was spotlessly clean. Staff were equally as friendly in person at the hotel. Breakfast was included in the deal, which was again was perfect. I would certainly recommend the hotel for anyone travelling to London and it’s in a lovely quiet location, local tube is Pimlico, not too far from the centre of London.	
Jun 7 2006	Dont be fooled by the photos on Expedia.	I booked this hotel through Expedia and it was awful. I stayed here for two nights and it was the most miserable place I have ever stayed at. The rooms are tiny with hardly any space to move. No air conditioning (not even in the bathroom). and not very clean. It is 3 minutes away from the tube station but no where near any tourist sites. I certainly wont be going back there again.	
May 18 2006 	Convenient location	I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights and had no problems. It was very convenient to two metro stations and a lot of London attractions. The first night there I walked to Buckingham Palace, Parliment, Trafalgar Square, etc. It's in a very nice neighborhood and the staff was always helpful. The prices posted in the hotel were higher than the price I paid online, so if you stay here book ahead to get a good deal.	
Mar 15 2006	great value	Just returned for the second time from the Days INN Westminster, London and would definately go back for a third time.It was great value (we paid £75 each for 2 nights B+ B (continental which was great). If you dont mind small rooms and very small bathroom its great. Very clean and plenty of hot water-great power shower. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very pleasant. The no. 24 bus stops outside and goes right to Covent Garden, Theatreland and Leisceister Square. It runs 24 hours and comes every 10 mins. It is very quiet and If you are just looking for somewhwere clean to put your head at night it is excellent.	
Mar 10 2006	A PLEASURE TO CHECK OUT FROM!!!	Unhelpfull to the point of rudeness by staff. Exceptionally poor catering. Hair dryer, drawer and door of my ridiculously small, cell like, dingy and depressing room broken. Do not disturb sign on door ignored. The advertised 'free' newspaper is actually a backwater publication from another country. My companions room had been double booked. No help what so ever in lugging my 3 large cases to my room on arrival or from the premisses on checking out. Facilities - nil. Surroundings - shabby. Ambience - you're having a laugh!!!This 'hotel' is really little more than a hostel. I cannot imagine how thay managed to achieve a 3star rating, it must have been inspected some time ago by deaf dumb &amp; blind inspectors!! London has a huge variety of alternative places to stay most of which cost less and provide a whole lot more in the way of service. Its lovely when out tramping the streets during your holiday to return tired and worn from all the shopping &amp; sight seeing to the womb like glow of a comfortable &amp; relaxing hotel however in this case the sigh of relief occurred when we checked out!!! My advice - GO ELSEWHERE!!	
Jan 3 2006	Days Inn a good hotel	Room was clean and all services in the room worked well- lights, hot water, TV. Heating was fine in the room -it was freezing outside. Room was small but for one night it was fine. Hotel is in a good location - quiet and within walking distance of Victoria Station.	
Nov 30 2005	Basic Accomodations - Get what you pay for	1. We got a decent rate ($144 per night) but did not include breakfast.2. Very small family/triple room and very small bathroom with barely enough room for the one straight back chair in the room.3. Windows did not open, no airconditioning if needed in summer and no heat adjustment for us in November (we opened and closed thick curtains to adjust coolness!)4. Very quiet street, but blocks away from small stores or restaurants.5. Seems like a tired, small, hotel that offers a bed and bath and that's it.6. The two times we asked desk help for information about the area, attractions, etc: We were told to go to Victoria station information. I think they were fairly new in the country, too.7.6 blocks/12 minute walk from Victoria Train Station and Underground; 5 minute walk from Pimlico Underground.RESULT: If we come again we will pay more and not stay here.	
Nov 21 2005	Good experience here	I booked at room last minute on one of the dicount hotel sites, got a double with continental breakfast for £50.If you want a hotel in a lively area then this is not for you, however if you want to be away from the hustle and bustle then its fine. The hotel exists in an area of nice area made up of Georgian Terraces, some residentail others hotels. Its about 7 mins brisk walk to Victoria Station - go in the back way off Belgrave Rd its far quicker - and 5 mins from Pimlico tube station.The hotel was spotless, with the rooms looking as if they has been refursbished recently - though the standard rooms are small, try and get an upgrade.All in all a recommended stay.	
Oct 6 2005	It's OK	All in all, it was OK. The location was not nearly as good as I had believed from reading previous reviews. It is a good 10 minute walk from Victoria Station (DON’T try to drag suitcases from the train station). It is a short 5 dollar taxi ride. I also would not try the walk to Buckingham palace… unless you enjoy long hikes. OK, maybe once to see the sights if the weather is nice. The tube system is easy, but closest station is still at Victoria station. Cost 10 dollars to take a taxi to see Mama Mia (great show).The neighborhood is nice and quiet, and the hotel was clean and friendly. The rooms are tiny by USA standards. This is common in Europe, but still had to dance around the suitcases to get to the restroom. Had a room right off the lobby, and that was bothersome as beginning at 6 AM all you heard every 20 seconds was slamming doors. Other rooms probably OK. Didn’t use the restaurant as it was a bit pricey. A 5 minute walk had many selections close by. High-speed wireless internet worked great in the hotel, but, of course, was expensive. If you don’t already know, London is an expensive city.I would stay here again, but I think I would try one of the more centrally located Thistle hotels in a better central location, like Piccadilly Thistle. But I like staying near the central parks, shopping and theaters. You may spend extra bucks on the room, but will save it on taxis.	
Aug 27 2005 	Well Positioned and Good Value for Money	Got an excellent deal trough lastminuute (£40.00 for the night). This place is not the Ritz, but of its type it is excellent. The room was small with no air con, but was very clean indeed, with en suite shower room, heated trouser press and ironing board, tea and coffee making facilities and hair dryer.The hotel is superbly well positioned for tourists, being close to the Houses of Parliament, Buckingham Palace and so on. It has a restaurant, but I would suggest trying one of the large number of excellent restaurants nearby (particularly the extremely good Seafresh fish restaurant).Get a good price and stay here, if you are looking for good budget accommodation. You won't go wrong.	
Aug 22 2005	Very Clean and Friendly	We stayed here for a weekend break and had two rooms for a family of 5. The family room was a very good size, the twin room was very small but the hotel had managed to provide both rooms on the same floor at short notice. We were expecting to find the place perhaps a littled jaded and maybe not as clean as we normally find in the 4 and 5 star hotels we usually stay in but were very pleased to find this was not the case. The rooms were both very clean and well cared for with friendly caring staff. The hotel is very well placed for all the attractions and the Big Bus Company is just a short walk away - a good way of getting round the city with commentary and this can be used for 24 hours from buying your tickets. Also, at weekends, parking is free in this area and we had no trouble finding a space. The only gripe I have is the breakfast. If you book a room and it includes continental breakfast, you have to pay £4 to upgrade to full breakfast. They should include this in the price of the room to save conflict between staff and guests - one guest returned the hot breakfast to the trays when told it was chargeable and I am sure they were not the first to do this.	
Aug 6 2005	Be in the know	Days Inn London Westminster is a good location for the price, rooms were clean and the breakfast was quite adequate. There is no air conditioning; rooms and bathrooms are extremely small. Staff could be a bit more friendly and helpful -- seemed stiffly professional and dis-interested. The lobby is un-inviting but could be resolved with furniture rearrangement and a few soft touches.	
Jul 23 2005 	A welcome change	The last time I stayed at this hotel it was part of Comfort Inns, so I was aprehensive about booking in here.I must say the hotel has improved greatly, £7.00 for an all you can eat hot buffet breakfast is excellent for central London. I agree that the Internet via the TV is useless, but thank god the whole hotel is now WiFi wireless broadband.This must have been recently installed as I tripped over the engineer instaling on the top floor, as an applogy he gave me 2 hours free access which was a nice surprise.I agree with the other reviewer that the rooms at the rear are alot quieter and the staff were very helpfull.	
Jul 17 2005	A very satisfactory choice	After an extensive search of reasonably priced London hotels at suitable locations, we selected the Comfort Inn, because of its price, its location close to Victoria Bus Station (for Airport buses), and its having an elevator. We were very pleased with our choice; the price and location we knew, of course. The elevator was unnecessary because we had a ground floor room, and a quiet one at the back. The hotel was clean and well maintained, and we had no complaints, The breakfast was also adequate.	
Jul 12 2005	Clean Convenient Quiet Good Value	The staff was very courteous and helpful, and allowed us to check in early (11:30 am). The rooms are small, as is to be expected in Europe, but they were spotless. Our rooms were also very quiet as they were located at the back of the hotel, facing a residential courtyard. Rooms 260 and 264 are extremely quiet if you can get them. If not, ask for anything at the back of the property if you value peace and quiet. We did not try the restauarant or bar, so no opinion there. Location was very convenient. To get to Victoria station, go out the front door, turn left, and you will arrive in 10-15 minutes. To get to the Pimlico station, go out the front door and turn right and you will see it on the left two blocks down, five minute walk. If you are a big TV watcher you will be disappointed as they have only about five channels. Also, don't bother with the wireless keyboard in your room to access the Internet on the TV - it didn't work very well. You are better off using the computer in the lobby. Bottom line: extremely clean and a good value for the location.	
Jun 22 2005	Could find a better deal	My husband and I stayed at the Days Inn for two nights on a whirlwind Europe trip. I am pretty picky about hotels and I was disappointed at the quality of this hotel. I think you could surely find a better deal. The rooms were TINY (even by Europe's standard). It was a good 8-10 min walk from Victoria, which we used as our main hub. Pimlico was a much shorter walk for the Underground. They did let us check in early as I was tired from the long plane trip and the room was clean. The bed, however, left much to be desired. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel as we found it over-priced. Overall, the hotel is so-so. I wouldn't stay here again unless everything else in the surrounding area was booked up.	
Jun 16 2005	Small rooms compared to Prices	We stayed for 5 nights in March and we had booked regular room which we thought would be good enough for 2 of us. when we checked in and i saw the room size to my shock it was very small. i would say Motels in usa have better standards and size than rooms in this hotel. I had no choice and upgraded to deluxe rooms which were little better and was more expensive. it would be a good idea to confirm room size while making a reservation as it would be highly uncomfortable to move around. only good thing about this hotel is location. pimlico station is at 5min walking distance and at 2mins walk there is a bus stop for bus #24. this bus goes to victoria station and continues towards trafalgar square. it has a very good frequency like one bus in every 10-12 mins which was not at all bad. i would suggest to find a hotel near victoria station as it is a main junction and you get numerous bus to get u around london.	
Jun 6 2005	Value for London decent hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Days Inn Westminster for one night. The Days Inn Westminster was a pretty good value for London, and we wanted stay near Victoria station because we needed to take an early train to Gatwick for our flight to Italy. The room itself was decent, pretty clean, and though there were no towels in the bathroom when we arrived, we contacted the front desk and they brought them immediately and were appologetic. However, the room we stayed in was in the basement and not particularily cheery, so if it representiative of their other rooms, I would recommend the Days Inn Westminster for a short stay, or someone on a tight budget.	
May 31 2005	Ideal for short stay	This hotel is in a perfect position for seeing the main tourist attractions in London and for connection by coach or rail to Gatwick airport. Our room was very small but was very clean and quiet. We stayed three days and spent little time in the room so space was of little significance. The bed was not very comfortable but the shower was excellent. The staff were very pleasant and helpful.Our stay included continental breakfast which was perfectly adequate.It is not surprizing that hotels such as the Days Inn in this part of London are a little expensive. My wife and I are &quot;reasonably&quot; fit so we were able to walk comfortably to Westminster in a southerly direction and to Hyde Park in the opposite direction. I assume travel costs from more remote accomodation to the main sights would add to the cost of a cheaper hotel. We would have no hesitation in staying at the Days Inn hotel again.	
May 25 2005	Nice but too small	-Good location. In walking distance to many sites.- On a street with many hotels, including some US chains.- Has a small convenient store in one block, has a big food supermarket in about 5 blocks.- Many restaurants in about 6 blocks. - No refrig in the room, have to buy milk for baby several times everyday.- My double room is very small/tiny.- Clean, very.- Bathroom new, and clean, but smells bad without a fan.- Breakfast is &amp;6.95, just normal.- No pay phone in the building.- Internet access is expensive.	
May 19 2005	You get less than what you paid for	This hotel, which was converted from old houses sits in a location with a lot of other (cheaper) small hotels. &quot;Westminster&quot; is a stretch. The actual station for it is Victoria and then it's a 10-minute walk down a straight road. The hotels and hotels are full of teenagers coming back late at night drunk and causing scenes sometimes. The rooms are extremely tiny with some windows facing nothing in the back and no air. The TV has limited channels, less than one would expect. Cleanliness is OK. The elevator is too small. The breakfast is nothign special yet relatively expensive. The staff is somewhat curtious for the most part except the night manager. Has a compauter downstairs for internet access - a pound every 10 minutes. I would not stay here again - for the price you can find better accomodations.	
Apr 29 2005	Good location OK hotel	Stayed in &quot;family room&quot; - 1 double, 1 twin bed for 5 night stay with one teenager, one adult, one grandmother. Hotel was convenient to Tube, and about a half mile from Victoria Station complex. Room was small by US standards, but larger than many European hotel rooms. Bathroom small. Everything worked. Not immediately close to any tourist sites. 3 small restaurants within walking distance. No real restaurant at hotel, but offered Continental breakfast which was awful. Good for less expensive lodging option in very expensive city, but certainly no special amenities. If you want to do something other than merely have a room to sleep in, stay someplace else.	
Mar 25 2005	Average	Good location. Somewhat helpful staff. Small. Unimpressive. I was irritated by 2 things: They gave us a room that had 2 single beds. I asked why, because my hotels reservation says &quot;double&quot;. They claim they have the option...of course they do. They can charge someone else more money for the double so they hang on to it. They would not cash our American Express Travelers checks that were in British Pounds. You would think that your hotel, at a minimum, would provide this service. (do not bring travelers checks - NO ONE takes them - unless you want to pay an 8% fee) My wife and I are the furthest thing from snobs but we do expect some service and one double bed if we are paying over $200 per night(110GBP).Good:Housekeeping was great, bathroom was nice, room was adequate.Unknown:After reading the story about the ants(previous review) I emailed Days Inn Belgrave Road for an explanation. They did not respond. We did not eat at the restaurant.We're pretty positive people and did not spend much time in the room because there is lots to do in London, but I would recommend looking at other hotels on this street. There are an enormous number of places to stay on Belgrave Road and I have to believe you can find a better deal and keep the great location. If you end up here, you'll be fine, and have a great time!	
Mar 24 2005	Clean Good Location	We got a good deal on this hotel through an expedia package (March 17-23, 2005). The expedia photos are an accurate representation. The rooms are typically European tourist class, very small, as we expected from past experience. However, the room and bedsheets were very clean as was the bathroom. We probably got the worst room in the hotel--- ground floor, facing street; probably as a result of the great deal we got from expedia. I believe this was the only room like this, so odds are you won't get the same room. No airconditioning so do not book for summer months. Street is rather quiet so you can open windows without too much noise. Ten minute walk from Victoria Station, five minutes from Pimlico Tube Station. Did not use hotel restaurant. Staff OK. Fixed plugged shower drain next day.	
Mar 14 2005	Definitely a 3 star hotel	Days Inn Westminster has a pretty good location (in between Pimlico and Victoria stations) and some charm, but this is definitely a 3 star hotel. The rooms were old and not updated, but they were CLEAN. I wouldn't pay over $120 a night for this hotel.	
Mar 12 2005	Outstanding Location	We stayed at The Days Inn Westminister from March 6 to March 9, 2005. The room was not large but was comfortable for three people. The front desk staff was helpful. The housekeeping staff was excellent.The location was outstanding, a short walk to Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, Westminister Cathedral, Big Ben and many other major sights. There is a grocery store a few blocks away and many restaurants in the area. I would stay there again.	
Mar 6 2005	Ants in the pastry	We stayed there 5/04. We made coffee one night to go with drinks we had brought up from the bar and the dirty glasses and cups stayed there for four days! The coffee and creamer were replenished but the dirty dishes were left. I even put some trash in the cups so that they would realize they were dirty and the trash was taken out, but the dirty cups still remained! One morning we unfortunately decided to eat breakfast in the hotel restaurant. My husband took a bite out of the pastry and ants came tumbling out! Icky! When we said something to the waitress, without a word she wisked the plate away and we waited...and waited...and waited and no one came back to apologize, offer us a refund or anything. The hotel manager was not there at that time and we were going to say something before we checked out the following morning. Our transportation to the airport arrived a half hour early...another hotel error as they had arranged the transportation, so we did not have a chance to speak to the manager. When we returned to the U. S. I contacted the Days Inn Corporation and they said there was nothing they could do as this property was independently owned! It was a horrible experience! The only good thing was the location. An easy walk to the tube and some nice small restaurants in the area. Would NEVER go back!	
Feb 25 2005 	Not bad good price!	This was just a one night stay &amp; not a bad one! We payed only £70 which between 2 of us was a great deal &amp; it included full breakfast!It wasn't as nice as the pictures shown on the website but it wasn't awful. At first we thought the room allocated to us was pretty bad - small &amp; a bit shabby. Anyone larger than a UK size 12 didn't have a hope of fitting in our bathroom! But I think the small size of our room was particularly because I had requested a 'quiet' room as it was very out of the way also. If you don't do this you should be fine!It was one of the best nights sleep I have had in a hotel &amp; the bed was extremely comfortable! If I needed a cheap one night stay in this area again I would most definately consider this hotel!	
Feb 5 2005 	Much Smaller Than I Expected	I suppose for the price ($124/night) is was not such a bad deal, however, I really wasn't that happy at the Days Inn. Here were my issues with the standard double room I had (Rm. 156):a) I'm 6'1&quot; and my feet hung off of the end of the bed from my ankles downwardb) The carpets were dirty- after walking around the room a few times in my socks while trying to unpack on the first night, the bottom of my feet were significantly dirty (I didn't take my shoes off all day and the insides of my shoes, as I have verified, are not that dirty)c) The shower did not drain quickly enough (which measures 2.5'x2.5') so the water backed up even though the room was on the second floor (yes, Rm. 156 is on the second floor)d) The ceilings and walls are paper thin- I was awakened at 12:30 by the person above me and than awoken again at 4:30a by the person in the room next to me whom i assume was preparing to leave for the airporte) Rm. 156 faces the street and there is all sorts of traffic throughout the entire night on the street from people to automobiles and delivery trucks (because of [d], I was also kept up constantly throughout the nightOn the bright side, the staff was very friendly and accomodating, the pillow and mattress were comfortable and clean (even though it was too short for me) and the location is a mere 7 minute straight walk directly to Victoria station. For the great price, you just have to decide if you are willing to put up with the inconveniences.	
Jan 29 2005	Great price for the location small rooms...	Yes, the rooms are small but they are clean (most importantly, so are the bathrooms!) and the continental breakfast that was included was enough to keep us full until past 2pm. I had no problem with the Pimlico station, it was a 5 minute walk (7 minutes if you have a luggage slowing you down) from the hotel and you could transfer onto any line from there. Overall, not a big deal. The thing is, if you are only there for a few days, a lot of the major sights are nearby and within walking distance anyways: Buckingham palace, the Tate Britain, Westminister Abbey, Trafalar etc. The staff were courteous and helpful. The showers did not have a hot water or pressure problem that I heard was so common in English hotels.I would stay there again due to how central the location was, especially if I got the room rate of GBP61 for a double and breakfast again.	
Jan 23 2005	Perfect central London location on #24 bus route	For the price this hotel is a great London option. Three of us stayed here for 3 nights and got a 3 bed room for GBP33 each per night - no breakfast - though breakfast is available for an extra GBP5. Everything was adequate and it was warm, comfortable and clean with opening windows. The best thing about this hotel is its perfect central location. Arriving by tube is fine - 3 minute walk from Pimlico station - we rang the staff on arrival and were given easy directions. (Grab a pocket-sized underground map from the station to get your bearings - the whole of London is easily accessible if you go one stop to Victoria and change there - no problem). After that we bought a carnet of 6 single bus tickets (GBP6) and stuck with the #24 bus which is a fantastic 24 hour service which takes you through Parliament Square past all the sights (Downing Street etc) and on to Trafalger Square/Charing Cross Road - perfect for Leicester Square the West end and Covent Garden etc and is definitely the scenic option. The tube is great for going further afield otherwise stick with the #24 bus. There are plenty of cheap casual eateries in the area and a handy Tesco Metro and Sainsbury store nearby if you want to eat in your room or on the hoof. There is internet access in the lobby and cable TV and pay movies are provided. I will definitely stay in the Days Inn Westminster next time I go to London and I recommend it as a good budget option in central London.	
Jan 20 2005	clean but inconvenient	I stayed here for three nights and was impressed by how clean everything was. There were two heaters in the room, one in the bathroom so I never felt cold. The shower was tiny as expected. i'd say it was about 3x3. Never had the breakfast. 9 sterling for full and 5 for continental. You'd do better elsewhere. Pimlico station is a problem. First off, it's about a 7-10 minute walk to the station. It's only the Victoria line. Let me assure you, you always have to transfer to a different line to get to the sights except for buckingham palace (green park) Never again will I stay at a place that only has one line. A walk to Victoria is do-able but that's about a 15 minute walk. When you only have 3 days it's a problem. Also, transfers usually mean a lot of walking between trains. You'd want to save walking for the museums.	
Jan 17 2005	Clean	Having read numerous reviews of many hotels prior to our departure, we were forewarned of the small rooms in London. Yes, it's small, but works fine, but more important, the room was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was overpriced--we never ate there. Good place to stay if you're looking for less expensive hotel in area. Never used Pimlico tube, always walked to Victoria which was fine, and always used it, too long of a walk in cold weather to tourist sites. Would have preferred staying closer to Green Park or Westminster tubes and more sites, etc., but the price at Days Inn was much less. Staff was helpful. We would stay again.	
Nov 29 2004 	Just what the Doctor ordered	Nice, clean and comfortable hotel with helpful staff and a substabcial breakfast.	
Jul 13 2004	Great place to stay	Just got back from a week in England - stayed 4 days at the Days Inn Westminster. We were very pleasantly surprised! We knew it was not an expensive hotel, but I was very surprised at the size of our triple room - 3 twin beds in a very convenient arrangement. Really comfortable beds and two big windows that opened overlooking the courtyard. No noise at all - unlike some others who have posted on this site. Very, very clean (and newly updated!) bathroom, with a really good shower - one of the nicest I've had in my stays in England. For 3 women traveling together, we could not have been more pleased. Location - excellent for walking to most of the sights. Would stay here again if it keeps ups its standards!	
Jun 30 2004	Great Hotel for the Price	Stayed here for a week the beginning of June and have nothing but good things to say.It's not the Ritz but for a reasonably priced hotel in London it was really niceThe staff went out of their way to be helpful - when we showed up 2 hours before check in time, jet lagged and grumpy the desk clerk diverted the maids to cleaning a room for us. When I pointed out that the room we had didn't quite match the description for a triple (my husband and I and my 16 year old son were staying in a triple - the room we were given had no second bed - just a fold out couch) the manager offered us a choice of two other rooms with a second bed. After looking around we decided we liked our original room (the fold out couch was queen sized, the room on the top floor with a nice view and two windows).The hotel is one of several small hotels along a block of what was once townhouses. It feels much more &quot;Londony&quot; than staying in a modern hotel. The rooms are quirky - all different shapes and locations. The room was clean, the bath very nice.We rode the &quot;tube&quot; and buses everywhere. Victoria station is a ten minute walk, Pimlico a 5 minute walk	
Apr 23 2004	I fit right in staying in Pimlico...	I fit right in staying in Pimlico...5 minute walk to Pimlico Tube, 10 minutes to Victoria Station! Quiet neighborhood, everything you need from resturants to Pubs to hair salons, groceries and laundrymat, yet safe to walk at night with locals living right amounst the small hotels. LOVED the area. Stayed Days Inn Westminster, got an incredible deal, but Americans, I warn you, the rooms are SMALL, and that's just the way it is. I loved my hotel. Travel tips for London...LOTS of cobblestone! Wear tennis shoes... forget fashion. Don't miss the Eye... it's big but it's not scarry. Get the audio tours (some free)...too much to absorb otherwise. It's fun, it's fabulous... can't wait to return. 2 weeks doesn't even scratch the surface!	
Apr 15 2004	Great Location!	I read the reviews for this hotel and thought they were mediocre but the hotel exceeded our expectations - it wasn't a 5-star hotel but it was great for a place to sleep. We had gotten a deal through the internet which included the full english breakfast which was great. It was about a 5 min walk to victoria station which made for a convenient underground stop. The elevator is a big shaky but it worked out great overall!	
Mar 25 2004	Much better than expected		
Mar 11 2004	Satisfactory with one big caveat		
Jan 13 2004	not worth it		
Nov 4 2003	Great small hotel		
Oct 18 2003	Plain but Clean		
Jun 5 2003	One step above a dump		
Jun 5 2003	Una bellissima vacanza prenatalizia a Londra!		
Nov 2 2009 	Camere pulite e spaziose		
Sep 28 2009 	zona victoria station? consiglio questo hotel!		
Sep 5 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 26 2009 	Habitaciones excesivamente pequeñas y desayuno muy escaso		
Aug 15 2009 	ottimo hotel ritorneremo		
Aug 6 2009 	Albergo consigliato		
Jun 25 2009 	?????????????		
Apr 16 2009 	Le camere non sono piccole .....di +		
Feb 20 2009 	validocomodonn costoso		
Sep 30 2008 	Fuillez n'y allé surtout pas !!!!		
Aug 24 2008 	Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
Nov 29 2007 	Le camere piu' piccole che abbia mai visto!!!!		
