	FAB-U-LOUS	Excellent value hotel in great location. Called myself and negotiated great rate for bed and breakfast. Good size room (studio) with large bathroom. Clean and comfortable. Very good food especially the room service curry!! All the staff we came into contact with were helpful, efficient and friendly. It only took 15 minutes to walk to the Eye along the river passed the Houses of Parliament so great location. Was very pleased with this hotel and would stay again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great location	I attended a conference here and the event organisers also book us in the hotel. The layout of the hotel was a little different than you would expect with the reception being tucked away from the main entrance. My room was spacious, the bed comfy and bathroom was great.The only downside was the dirty looking carpets and the absence of an iron and ironing board in the my room.	
Nov 13 2009 	Let down by detail	I only spent a night here on business and so am unable to give any real detailed observations but here are some of my thoughts on the Park Plaza Riverbank.First impressions and the hotel itself looks great, from the lit-up exterior to the ultra modern reception and bar area. It is, like most Park Plazas I've been to, prone to extreme darkness inside and the windowless atmosphere could get to some but I don't really find this to be a problem.Check in was fine and the staff that I met were very friendly and more than happy to help - I'd left my scarf in the bar area on the previous evening and the chap at reception actually left his post to go and didg it out for me, so top marks there!Dig a bit deeper though and there are problems. The room, whilst being very nice, had simply not been cleaned properly. I had a massive stain on the carpet by my window and this is pretty much unacceptable for a four star so-called &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. I could not get either the lights or the tv to work poperly (lights wouldn't go off and tv wouldn't come on) - I would normally put this down to my own inability to work the simplest of technology until I learnt that a number of my colleagues (some who had stayed there on the same evening as me and others who had stayed there earlier) had exactly the same problem. I was also unlucky enough to have a window facing a main line railway and was woken a number of times early the next morning by the first trains running by, be aware of this when checking in and try and get a room away from the line.All in all, not a bad hotel but disappointing in that it really could be much better if it were to eliminate such minor details.	
Nov 4 2009 	Dirty rooms conflicting service	When we first checked in, I was excited....looked like a great hotel and check in was friendly. Then, I saw my room (and apparently I wasn't the only ones with the same concerns). The room was tidy, but not all together clean....specifically the carpet. I don't know when they last vacuumed or steam cleaned those carpets. Wearing my socks, within one minute, they were black. Noted that over the three nights I was there, carpet cleaning was not a priority (there were pieces of paper and hair left over from the vaccuum. Day staff were fine and actually quite good. Night staff was horrible. Rude, no smiles and one had the gall to ask for a tip after being rude. The night concierge had attitude and didn't send up a bell hop when we requested his assistance. Won't be going back.....a shame.	
Nov 2 2009 	Lovely hotel	Just returned from a weekend break at this hotel. The accommodation was excellent even although we did not have a river view ........ how long do you stay in your room on a break in London anyway. The bathroom with walk in shower wa particularly nice. My only complaint concerned the service in the hotel bar. Having been out on the Saturday evening we returned to have a night cap and waere confronted by an agressive demand to know if we were residents. When I said we were the barman demanded to see our room key - again agressively. Apart from this incident the rhe service was exemplary. I would return again	
Nov 2 2009 	Looks can be deceiving	From the website, the Park Plaza gives off the aura of a comfy, contemporary hotel with fab view over the Thames. Be afraid, be very afraid. I checked in, looking for a relaxing weekend full of sleep and shopping, but the minute I got to my room I knew it was not to be. The room was little more than 10ft from the tube lines and you could wave to the passing passengers - NICEI turned on my heels and headed straight back to reception to ask for a different room. The only one they could offer was on the 11th floor which the receptionist said was much quieter. Thus off I marched, and yes it was quiet but at the expense of roasting me half to death. The a/c was useless and the window was locked. I also discovered a vent to the right of my window that was constantly on the go giving off a low annoying hum. With no alternative I headed off to find some earplugs, but even with them stuffed in my ears I could still hear a drone from the vent at night. As for the bathroom, a light remained on even at night and if you didn’t close the wardrobe properly the light from that shone like the Blackpool illuminations. The bath itself was half under the bathroom shelf and the shower cubicle was like washing in a goldfish bowel. I found the staff very standoffish and unfriendly and the maids woke you up at stupid o clock with loud crashing &amp; banging. Relaxing this was not!	
Oct 29 2009 	Aims high falls short but still not bad	If I'd paid the walk in price of over £200 a night I would have been disappointed. The hotel is obviously trying to give the impression of a high class establishment but the devil is in the details:- Stuck on the side of the desk next to the bed is a sticker &quot;Embankment Stores 99p&quot;- the bathroom mirror has strange paint markings, - the window downlight makes noisy creaking noises as it cools down long after it is switched off (i.e. when you are trying to get to sleep)- the meal ordered up was missing one of the components listed in the menu- I had to drap the iron and the whole ironing board it is permanently attached to into the batthroom to fill it up with water - etc...Such details give the impression of a management culture whose heart into the job of living up to the standards the hotel superficially boasts.However I (my company) paid a negotiated rate of £125 - and at this price this hotel is the best I've stayed at in London.	
Oct 25 2009 	nice rooms - but disorganised	when I travel on business I look for a hotel with decent rooms, edible breakfast, and an efficient front desk. In this hotel the rooms are fine, bathrooms particularly good, the breakfast is also good. What let it down for me was the front desk - they couldn't find my booking - even when I showed them the confirmation - and I had to hang about while they phoned the booking agent. The best bit was when I said - just give me a room and I will pay for it myselfcan't do that sir we are fully bookedwell what is the point of phoning the agent?well if they did make a booking then we won't be fully booked any more!Nice view of Westminster from the room but if I were a tourist this is not a part of London I would select - well away from the West end, museums etc - apart from the Tate across the river	
Oct 20 2009 	Well presented contemporary hotel	I stayed here for one night, and it is certainly a city hotel that I would return to.The room and bathroom were very spacious, with a separate bath and shower cubicle (wet room style). The only downside to the room was that you needed earplugs if you didnt want to hear the train coming past your window! The lighting in the bedroom was quite subdued, so ladies if you need to put on your makeup you definitely need to use the bathroom!The reception area and bar areas are well designed with clever use of lighting.Breakfast the following morning was great, loads of choice of hot and cold food.Overall a nice hotel that is well situated for westminster/waterloo areas.	
Oct 19 2009 	I Did not need an Alarm Clock!!!	I stayed for two nights at the Park Plaza in October 2009 and I have to say that this was the worst stay I have ever had in London. As a regular traveller to London for both Business and pleasure I have stayed at a variety of Hotels but none as bad as this.The web site shows magnificent views over the River Thames. What it does not show you is that a lot of the rooms look out onto the Main Railway line south from London !!!. Trains run from 0500hrs in the morning until 0100hrs the next day. Added to this the toilet in my room broke down. The breakfast in the hotel was also very poor with queues for up to 10 minutes waiting to be seated. When I complained, I was not moved to a different room. This is not a Hotel for business people who need a good nights sleep	
Oct 16 2009 	Not designed for sleeping or washing	This is a very clean and smart hotel in a good location and the staff are pleasant. But I couldn't sleep, and that was really all I wanted. This was because strange random lights are stashed all over the room. An orange one, a green one, a flashing lilac one. The bathroom light doesn't go off at all. And there are no bedside lights, just horribly bright ceiling lights above the bed. So much of my night was spent wandering around in the dark with folded bits of cardboard trying to isolate and cover them. (They disappeared when I switched the main floodlights on although admittedly by this point I was disorientated due to sleep deprivation.) These desperate little expeditions were punctuated by howls and screams each time my feet or ankles collided with the vicious divan base of the bed. At one point rolling on bed, drumming fists, sobbing in agony and frustration.... Why would a room be designed in this way? A BEDROOM? I'm willing to overlook half of the bath being under the bathroom shelf. I could live with the extortionate £5 tray charge I had to hand over before the breakfast tray was mine (though sadly not the deep fried vegetarian breakfast - inedible), the fact it took 25 minutes to fill a lukewarm bath, the fact that I requested a smoking room and the hotel is entirely non smoking (had they warned me when the booking was made it would have been OK but they didn't). So yes, its fabulous so long as sleeping and hot water are not top of your list for creature comforts. Had the stay been longer than a night I'd have had to stay somewhere else. Never again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Absolutely fantastic top class hotel and service	I booked this hotel for a surprise for my partners birthday. Had previously stayed at the park Plaza County Hall which was also impressive but wanted to try the Riverbank. I was hoping to book a room with a river view but unfortunately this was unavailable at the time of booking. I explained that it was for a borthday and was told that we would be upgraded, upon arrival, should one become available. When we arrived at the hotel, we were both very implressed with the interior and the wonderful staff on reception. We were asked if it was a special occassion as a note had been left on our booking. We were then offerred the upgrade to a room with a river view. The room was very clean and comfortable. The view was amazing !!!! After taking our bags to our room, we went down to the bar to have a couple of drinks where we were again served to a very high standard. The decor and ambience in the bar was just what we wanted. The staff also arranged for a balloon to be bought up to the room in the morning with breakfast. Room service was very quick and all staff very polite and could not do enough for you.The hotel is in a good location, a walk along the river took you to the major attractions, the London Eye, Houses of Parliament etc.We really could not of asked for a more pleasant experience and wished we were staying longer. Will definately be going back.	
Oct 12 2009 	Contemporary Chic and oh so fabulous	Fantasic hotel on the Albert Embankment. Best check in ever, staff very friendly, polite and helpful.I was offered breakfast at a reduced price of £10 per person which I jumped at. Room was massive, super furnishing and a great size bathroom. Booked hotel through Last Min.com and paid £69 for a double room. Fantastic value for money.Chino Latino bar was really relaxing with a great staff who really know their drinks , te drinks come with a dish of japanese rice crackers, wasabi peanuts and the hottest wasabi peas I have ever tasted. I also had the tempura prawns which came with a creamy chilli sauce they were delicious.Room service was very quick we ordered two meals and they were delivered within ten mins.Upon check out when going through the bill I happened to mention that we didnt make breakfast as we overslept and they refunded my £20 !!!!!! Never before has that ever happened as it was our fault we missed it, So this was a really nice touch which made our break even more enjoyable.	
Oct 9 2009 	An absolutely wonderful experience	As we have always wanted to stay in a hotel overlooking the Thames, we booked an Executive Room with riverview which also included in the price the use of the Executive Lounge between 6.30pm and 8.30pm for free drinks (lager, red/white wine and soft drinks) and snacks (day 1 calamari, crudites and dips, day 2 meatballs, fish, pitta bread and dips). The staff in the Lounge were very friendly and efficient, as soon as your glass was almost empty someone was there ready to top you up. We would definitely recommend booking an Executive Riverview room as the views over the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben were absolutely stunning. As we wanted to wake up to the view, we were able to sleep with the curtains open as we were not overlooked from anywhere. The cost of the room was justified by the Executive Lounge as you were able to have as much or as little as you wanted to eat and drink and we were a little surprised that some people were only having 1 drink when everything was &quot;free&quot;.The staff at breakfast were very welcoming. On Saturday the breakfast was chosen from a menu which had a good variety of choice. We were also able to help ourselves to anything on the continental table (smoked salmon, cheese, ham, pastries etc). On Sunday, breakfast was self service from a table which included bacon, sausuages, eggs etc along with the choice from the continental table. The only down side to breakfast was that the coffee was extremely strong and thick and the tea was extremely weak and tasteless.The Park Plaza Riverbank was definitely one of the best hotels we have stayed at and we would definitely recommend anyone to go here for the same amazing experience which we had.	
Oct 8 2009	London to Glasgow	We flew in late into Heathrow and caught the Dot to Dot bus to our hotel on the River, the Park PLaza. London is fabulous in late MArch! We walked the Thames to the Eye, saw Big Ben and Parliament in the first hour we we there.Our first full day our friends arrived, checked in, we had breakfast and set out. Took the bus right in front of the hotel to Churchill's Museum, his offices during the war. Well worth the small entrance fee. We then walked to St. Paul's, gorgeous!!!Had lunch in the London Pub, rode the bus to Westminister Cathedral, not Abbey. A little sad and shabbey but beautiful nonetheless. Our friend came back to mass that evening then we were off to dinner at a pub recommended by the hotel concierage. It was great and local and vibrant.Following morning we were off to Glasgow and 10 days driving in Scotland. Can't wait to return!!	
Oct 2 2009 	really accommodating. very happy!	We booked a room via lastminute.com as it was my husband's birthday. We wanted to be tourists in our own city. Our 7 year old was also with us, and the hotel was more than happy to bring a rollaway bed into the room, free of charge. They called me a couple times to verify that, and I also called to check in about it the day before. Funnily enough, lastminute.com gave me more grief about it. The room was modern and lovely, but also cosy. the room service was very reasonably priced. The staff was international and ever-so-friendly, always happy to help.In short i would LOVE to stay here again and i WILL recommend this hotel to family, friends and collegues.I book travel for my business and I will definitely use this hotel for those reasons also.Thanks for a lovely weekend!	
Sep 30 2009 	Nice hotel	Myself and my mum stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. It is located a 10 minute walk from Vauxhall Underground Station and Vauxhall Bus Station.The hotel is easily accessible for the London Eye, Southbank and Big Ben etc. To get to other places in London the bus station has very frequent buses which take you almost anywhere.The hotel was nice and aesthetically pleasing. It was generally clean and tidy, with a very nice lobby. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were spacious and had everything needed for a comfortable stay.The breakfast package was nice but the dining hall was always very busy. They tried their best to accomodate everybody and put people in conference rooms (we dined in those both days) which were quiet and comfortable.The same sort of applied to the lifts also, every morning we struggled to get a lift down to breakfast, as everytime we called one it was full by the time it got to us on the 2nd floor.Overall a pleasant hotel which I would stay in again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Wierd lights and loud noises...	After reading some of the reviews on this site I was a bit apprehensive about staying here, as I was afraid that we would be given one of the rooms overlooking the train tracks. Much to my dismay we were! However before asking to change rooms I decided to see if the noise really was that bad. Much to my relief after hearing a few trains go by I decided that it really wasn't that bad.However the soundproofing inside the hotel is horrible! I could hear the person next door walking around their bathroom...running the water...etc...In the morning I was woken up early by the maids having a gossip outside my door...I pointedly put out my &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; however that did not deter them! From 8am on there was no point trying to sleep as every few minutes a different set of maids (or maybe the same ones again and again) would come and loudly gossip outside my door. Arg! The lighting in the room was terrible. I like to read before bed and my boyfriend likes to go right to sleep, but there was no bedside lamp! We had to have the overhead lights on, or no lights at all.And then...the strange light in the bathroom corner that does not turn out ever. Why? To waste electricity? I got to spend a lot of time thinking about the light while listening to the maids...goodie gumdrops!	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 1 night in September. I arrived late in the evening (10pm) and the receptionist was very helpful and efficient (helpful after a 5 hour train journey). I was given an upgrade to a riverside suite and had a fantastic view of the Thames and the House of Commons. I used the Gym but it was fairly basic - a few bikes and treadmills. Breakfast was fine but is the area I think could be improved the most.	
Sep 20 2009 	Good location enyoyed our stay after we asked for a change of rooms	Myself and my wife stayed here for 3 nights in Sept '09.We were attending a wedding which was being held in the hotel. First impressions the hotel was very clean, modern and inviting. Staff were friendly and could not do enough for us.On arrival our bags were brought to our room and initially the room seemed fine but two mins later we realised that the main train line passed directly under our room be it 10 floors down. The room also had some, but not all of its carpet replaced for some reason and it was not done professionally and I nearly fell over it on entering the room. it looked very ragged especially around the door. Also the shower had a curtain which was definetly in need of changing.That evening we asked for a change in rooms (never had to ask before in any hotel) and the staff gladly said yes but we would have to stay the first night in our room. We didn't get much sleep the first night due to the trains passing every 5 mins or so.The next morning we changed rooms and ended up in a very quiet location with a view of the Thames from the side. This room was finished to a higher standard and we had no complaints.Breakfast was very good with a good selection of hot and cold dishes. I used the gym which was adequate for a hotel gym. The wedding was fantastic. The reception was held in a room overlooking the river Thames. The setting was amazing. Food was very good and the staff very accommodationg.Overall a good hotel which i would recommend to others but was not happy with the first room which we ended up staying the first night in.	
Sep 13 2009 	In one word.....Perfection!	I have stayed at many 4 star hotels in London over the years, none of them compares to the Park Plaza Riverside. I was a bit worried when I booked it about the location as I wanted to be central for my children.....I had nothing to worry about, it was a lovely 10 minute walk along the bank of the Thames to Big Ben, London Eye and the houses of Parliament. The nearest tube station is only 5 minutes walk. We booked into a family Riverside View room, it certainly exceeded our expectations, we loved it. The room was very spacious with the children sleeping on the sofa bed in the lounge and a separate bedroom for my husband and I. The view we had was amazing overlooking Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. Robes and Slippers were provided for everyone, chocolates on arrival in the room, bowl of fruit and some little finger puppets for my children which I thought was a lovely touch. Again the bathroom was very modern and spacious with a bath and separate shower area. Shampoo, shaving cream, toothpaste .....you name it, was provided.The Flat screen TV was not working properly in the lounge area, I rang down and reported it and within 5 minutes we had a gentleman fixing the problem and even got a follow up call from reception asking if everything was fixed and working OK. I rang housekeeping for extra pillows again, within 5 minutes they were at the door.......the staff are so helpful and friendly, service is second to none.The restaurant &quot; Chino Latino&quot; is certainly the place to eat at......do not miss it, the food and again service is fantastic.All in all I can not say enough wonderful thing's about this hotel, everything was perfect.I would not stay at any other hotel in London. We all look forward to returning very soon.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 13 2009 	FAntastic Hotel..Best in London	Having stayed in several London hotels this year I have to say this is the best deal in town. The location is fantastic and the hotels exterior can fool you but on entering you are met with a stunning reception very swish and slick.the staf are very genuine and helpful and I never felt formal.They are there to help and they do.I paid les than 3100 for a double room with breakfast and I have to say it was modern stylish comfortable and very ggod value. the bathrroms and shoers are very cool.One drawback is the internet connection which is quite slow, Thee is no radio or alarm in the room and the TV has an over subscription to Arab based stations.Apart from that I sincerely think its the bestdeal in ton and I cant waitt o stay there again	
Sep 12 2009 	Modern Classy Hotel	Stayed here whilst in London, able to check in early to leave our luggage, room was very modern, flat screen TV and all the usual amenities. The interior of the hotel is quite dark and our bedroom was on the inside of the building so we never saw daylight!Room service was efficient and of good quality, staff were polite and helpful.As a place to stay on business I would recommend it, as along as you are going somewhere in the Waterloo/Westminster/Vauxhall/Pimlico area, although the buses and tube take you to other parts of London fairly easily.	
Sep 12 2009 	Close to Vauxhall Station	This is a very modern looking hotel, however the maintenance is not being kept up on it unfortunately. The carpets in the halls were dirty and stained and didn't seem to be clean. Our A/C was broken when we arrived, the drain in the shower was plugged and we needed to call the front desk 3 times to get them to unlock the refrigerator in the room.It is a 10 minute walk to the Vauxhall train and underground station which makes it very easy to get around London. There are not many restaurants to choose from at this location. There is a small pub down the street and the restaurant in the hotel.The hotel is located just south of the Lambeth bridge on the Albert Embankment (across from the Tate Britain museum)	
Sep 5 2009 	Excellent Service	We had a very pleasant stay at the Park Plaza Riverbank. It has a wonderful view of the Thames and is walking distance from Parliament and the London Eye. The only drawback was the distance to the tube station, especially when it was raining! I recommend becoming familiar with the bus system because there is a bus stop in front of the hotel, much more convenient. The concierge staff was extremely helpful (thanks Thom) and the rooms were beautiful, spacious, and clean. I would recommend this hotel to a friend and would love to stay at this location again,	
Aug 30 2009 	Comfortable hotel in great location	Recently stayed with my husband at this hotel. Booked through hotels direct on the phone. Great location on the South Bank, not right in the heart of all the bustle, but only a short walk away. On good bus routes to waterloo.Room was a reasonable size for London, clean, comfortable and staff were friendly. Would stay there again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent Service	Had a great stay, we booked a standard 'superior', room got there and they said we had a free upgrade. We were taken to a special reception area and checked in to a luxury suite, and wow was it Luxury, Living area with kitchen and large flat TV, All very clean and tidy. Very posh bathroom with walk in shower all Marble and Glass. Bed very comfy. Probably only get a free upgrade like that once in a lifetime but it was well worth the experience.Have stayed there before in a standard room, and it was very good too, but not quite the same Breakfast was excellent too.Will stay there again, there always hope we will get another upgrade I supose.	
Aug 26 2009 	Large Rooms Nice location for strolling poor room service needs repairs	I have lived here Mon-Fri for nearly a year, so am very much turning in to Alan Partridge (though not got the large plate yet).Staff - Excellent, always very nice, pleasant and helpful.BUT - The turn down service is annoying for me. They come at 18:30, close the curtains, turn ON??? the tv and tuck in the sheets. NO sweets on the pillows :((( hahaRooms - OK, will make it harder for me to get a room, BUTDON'T stay or take a room at the back, take ones closest to the road/rive/front.The back is Waterloo train station and Noisy.The best rooms are the ones that point towards Parliament.The inside/atrium ones are bit pointless as you have to keep the net curtain closed, so why come to London and have no view.They are in need of some 'sprucing-up'. Bathrooms need new seals around the shower doors, some power points a bit loose, drains in showers can smell a little. However they are large, cleanish and nice TV's. FOOD - Room service is poor. Sorry but only way to put it. If you stay and eat in your room, then you standard food. Fish is either rubbery, or doused in strong sauces (old fish???)Cafe Latino is amazing food. However if you are on holiday just eat out.Location - Ten mins walk from Vauxhall tube, 15 from Waterloo, which is fine for me.Great for romantic strolls along the river, to the Southbank, Parliament etc. (not that I would know).Isn't in the middle of it, but that can be nice after a hectic day shopping/site seeing, to have a nice stroll along the river.	
Aug 25 2009 	Lovely hotel	Stayed here to watch Ashes at the Oval- excellent location for this. From the moment we arrived (early yet room was still available to us) to the time we left we found all the staff to be friendly, helpful and the generally to be outstanding. Breakfast was a plentiful and varied buffet and our room was cleaned to a very high standard with the toiletries and towels replenished as required. We used travel cards to sightsee round London and used these on both the tubes( 5mins to Vauxhall Station - 15mins to Westminster) and the buses - stops either side of road opposite hotel which allow you to get to the vast majority of attractions with a minimum of changes - preferred the buses due to being able to see London as you travelled. As has been said before the rooms have varied outlooks- as far as we could make out even numbers seem to face into the courtyard so opposite other windows - odd numbers face out and range from the railway to the executive rooms with river views. Overall we can recommend this hotel and will be returning.	
Aug 21 2009 	Riverbank retreat	My partner and i stayed in the Park Plaza Riverbank hotel on the 19/08/09. Upon our arrival the hotel entrance was really lovely and the staff were firendly. Unfortunately, our room was facing the train station at the back which wasn't a great sight but never the less a really nice room. The bathroom was modern and clean. But the smell when we first walked into the room wasn't very pleasan, possibly because of the fumes from the station behind.We only stayed for one night so the breakfast was our only meal here as we ate out. The breakfast was very good as you could help yourself and if you are very hungry you can go back for seconds.	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice hotel location not too great	I stayed here for a mix of pleasure and business. I worked the day before and morning after and then headed out into London for the remainder of the day and the rest of the weekend. This is a nice hotel but the location is a little tricky. Better located hotels in London.	
Aug 17 2009 	Fantastic location wonderfully modern clean 	We were on an organised trip where we got dropped and picked up from this hotel and in between did what you liked. The hotel was a perfect location for walking into London along the embankment to the the area of Westiminster, hardly needed to use the tube at all. Hotel staff booked the coach load in very quickly and for those who wanted to get off sight seeing straight away were able to leave our luggage very quickly and smoothly. Breakfast was buffet style and served everything anyone would want!	
Aug 16 2009 	Not worth paying for an executive room	We stayed at this hotel for 1 Saturday night and paid for an executive roomThe only enhancement was additional shampoo, dental and shaving gearThe executive lounge was CLOSED - access is only available at 18.30 when they serve canapes which consists of meatballs and dishes of crisps with a glass of cheap wineNo newspapers , a vending machine for coffee and nothing else - very very poorNo paper delivered to the room either in the morningI would strongly advise not booking an executive and go for a bog standard as there is little or no differenceWe did let reception know this and they were sorry - great!Also do NOT pat for the on site parking at £30 which you cannot booki am glad we didn't as there is on street parking in all the street to the rear of the hotel free at weekendsWon;t stay here again and would return to the Hilton at Docklands once the Jubilee line is working at weekends again - much better.	
Aug 8 2009 	Nice location-hotel needs work	This hotel is located on the Thames River very close to Parliament and Westminster Abbey. Upon walking in the lobby we were very impressed with the decor and cleanliness of the hotel. Everything went downhill from there. We went to check in at 12 pm after taking a redeye flight from the US. We were told that if we waited two hours we would receive quieter rooms. We were exhausted from our travels but felt it would be worth the wait especially traveling with an 8 month old. We returned at 2 pm and were told our rooms were available. We were shocked when the doors to the elevator opened and were greeted by a filthy hallway. The carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned or vacuumed in years. There were greasy tire marks from the housekeeping carts and other filth all over. We were hoping the room would be better. Our room did not impress. The carpet in our room looked just as dirty as the hallway and our bed had hair on the sheets. There was also hair in the bathtub and sink. We were also in the back of the hotel where there are many trains that pass by all day long. We had no idea why we were made to wait two hours when we were in the noisy section of the hotel. When we called the front desk to talk about the problems, they offered to send someone to clean the room or pay an additional 45 pounds per night to have a quieter room. This is after we were already paying over $200 per night. We opted to stay where we were and have someone come clean our room, but after we were able to rest and get cleaned up from our travels. When we were leaving our room, someone was there to clean. I was hoping to come back to a cleaner, more inviting room. We came back to discover that the housekeeper had just cleaned up what we had used to get ready and that there was still hair all over. Upon returning from our trip, I filled out a survey about our stay letting them know that we will never stay in their hotel again. To my surprise, I received an email from the VP in the UK, but he was offering me a free three day upgrade if I paid to stay there again in the next year. Are you kidding me? My family will definitely not be returning to this hotel. We will be staying at the hotel we stayed at in Kensington-Earl Court area (Hogarth) previously. The rooms are smaller, but half the price and spotless. Please be wary of staying at this hotel.	
Jul 26 2009 	WONDERFUL STAY	took my son on a weekend to London this hotel was excellent staff very helpfull concierge was exceptional very knowlegeable ate in club lounge again staff excellent One slight disappointment non exsistant view although we did not spend much time in room it would have been nice to see the river.	
Jul 23 2009 	Awesome Hotel at a decent price	Booked this hotel by chance from one of the discount hotel websites and were pleasantly surprised. Definitely a four star hotel in my book. Hotel's decor was extremely modern and high class. Room was clean and a decent size with a brand new spa like bathroom. It had window even though it looked out at a wall. Didn't eat at the restaurant but it looked nice. Entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Definitely a good value for your money.Location may have been the only not so great thing about the hotel. While it is on the River and extremely close to Underground stations it was a bit of a walk from the nightlife. Cabs weren't hard to come by though and it was easy enough to catch one into the city.	
Jul 22 2009 	handy for the riverside and south bank	Good clean and spacious accommodation close to the Thames and in easy reach of the South Bank. not as well located as other park plazas in london, with a short walk to the tube (Vauxhall) and further to travel to find reasonable restaurants etc..The hotel is close to the Waterloo mainline tracks but i cant say i noticed. Also i might be wary of where you venture outside at night towards Vauxhall, otherwise no problem.Breakfast good value and choice.Free WI-FI.Room decor might not be to everyone's taste - a distinct oriental theme in the room i stayed in, with a life size geisha painted on the wall - I'm sure her jacket glows in the dark too - spooky!	
Jul 19 2009 	Worst 4 star hotel in London?	Stayed for one night, riverside suite. Door of double wardrobe fell completely off it's hinges upon entering room, narrowly missing me! This took an hour of a workman being in room to fix preventing us getting ready to go out. We asked to move but were told it was not possible. Bathroom had mould on ceiling all around shower the whole suite was not very clean and the carpet was very dirty and stained. Management seemed very unconcerned.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent hotel with relaxing surroundings but BUSY main railway directly behind hotel	We chose the hotel for a change of location to the normal stay in the city and so opted for this hotel on the River Thames.Arrived to a nicely spacious hotel reception and inviting bar lounge, we found the staff were friendly &amp; helpfull upon arrival.We were given a complimentry upgraded to an executive suite room and when we saw the room we loved it, it was spacious &amp; stylishly decorated. The bathroom was also spacious and had a bath with a seperate shower cubicle. Extra compliments were bath robes and shower/bath slippers and extra toiletries. The other extra room with the suite had a sofa, table &amp; chairs along with extra draw space and mini bar For a relaxed atmosphere we had low warm coloured lighting infront of the blackout blinds to the windows.However i heard and noticed from the view/windows we were directly below the main railway line form Vauxhall to Waterloo, my thoughts were being a light sleeper its gonna be noisy early in the morning onwards with trains back &amp; forth. I called reception for a possible room change taking this into account, but the hotel was busy so we could not change till the next day if we still wanted too. A room was reserved for us on request which was helpfull if we did have a restless night.I was right from 5am trains were or seemed to be operating every 3-5 minutes, disturbing my sleep to a point i was counting the trains go by hoping i would drift back to sleep. After we had breakfast we confirmed we would like to change our room and we were moved to a quiter room on the far side near the front. Although a lot smaller room ( probably a standard/typical room) it still had similar qualities like seperate bath &amp; shower and decor, although no bath robes, slippers or extra toiletries were in this room. It was nice though to have the Thames view &amp; a quite room away from the busy railway line. A good sleep was had that second night since relocating. Breakfast was excellent so much to choose from hot or cold, with plenty meat or vegi options catered for. We ate in the hotel one night and the food was again equally enoyable and reasonable, on offer that night was a pasta buffet for £8.50 but a glass of wine was £5 &amp; a now standard service charge of 12% also added In the hotel bar it was the same, price wise but that is expected from hotels in London but it was again a nice stylish bar with a relaxing atmosphere ideal for a relaxing drink before or after a night on the town.Bear in mind its location, when we went the Victoria line was closed for the whole weekend (Sat &amp; Sunday) for engineering works, so we had to walk everytime to Westminster to get connections to move around the city. I do recommend if your a light sleeper, make sure you request a quiter room from the moment you book it or at least when you check in espacilly in the summer.Overall a very nice hotel that offers that bit extra in comfort BUT do bare in mind the location, espacilly if engineer works do occur over the weekend &amp; with this hotel you do need to rely on the underground to get around the city. It took us around 20 minutes from the hotel to walk to the nearest tube station at Westminster if the Victoria line is closed for works.	
Jul 12 2009 	Best Hotel I have ever stayed in.	The friendliest staff, the most modern rooms, the best toiletries, fantastic location. what more could you want. This hotel would be suitable for anyone. Very quiet rooms. Fantastic Breakfasts. Fantastic bar. Just amazing. Ten Minutes from Vauxhall Tube Station and 15 Minutes from the London Eye and Westminster. Minutes from the Imperial War Museum and excellent tube links to Kings Cross, St Pancreas and Euston. Very Difficult to fault. May not be cheap but is certainly good value for money.	
Jun 30 2009 	great location friendly staff	I have now stayed at this hotel three times in the last two years. My first visit was for a competition I had won with Aussie Hair Care to stay the night and although I had not stayed before, me and my partner had decided to stay an extra night as we felt it would have been a wasted journey otherwise. When we arrived at the hotel I couldn't believe how nice it actually was and looks exactly as it did on their website. Each time that we have stayed the reception staff have always been friendly and booked us in promptly. If the room wasn't ready when we got there, we were able to keep our baggage with the concierge who was very helpful. The rooms are lovely and beds are extremely comfy, and after a long journey on the train, they are good to have a quick nap on before having a wonder round to see the sights. We have been on the London Eye twice whilst staying in London as its approximately 10 minutes walk, and a lovely walk it is too. You get to walk right opposite the houses of parliament and Big Ben and you can take some great photographs. You are also in walking distance of trafalgar square, covent garden and leicester square. You are close to a bus route too which will get you to these places if you don't really like to walk, but as we have stayed in the summer 2/3 times, the walk has been great. There is an amusement arcade, mcdonalds and the aquarium right near the london eye. I would definately recommend this hotel for your stay.	
Jun 22 2009 	Watch the 'river view' promise	Quite a good hotel with great facilities and super 'executive' package - great breakfast in 'private' club room.The big disappointment was that our 'Special Requirement' of a river view room was totally ignored and changed to 'if available' - that certainly wasn't the consumer expectation - it's this hotel's big differentiator - get them to commit - else don't stay there.	
Jun 20 2009 	grossly expensive.. tiniest possible rooms	leave aside its name.. its grand lobby area.. and the restaurant.. enter the room n u wl cry ur heart out wondering u have entered a 5 star room or just your regular tiny london hotel room.. like i said.. other than the room everything else is magnifique but then dont we spend most of the time in the room once inside the hotel.. rooms are really nothing much to write home about.. if one has to stay in a tiny room then why pay sooooo much.. better to stay in a 70 GBP room only rather than a 150 GBP one then.. it surely has it pros like its great location with big ben n london eye within 5-10 mnts walking distance... but being the prudent traveller i am.. i would rather recommend a cheaper hotel.. like the local UK brands and not the international ones like this.. 70 GBP for a similar kinda room is what i feel i would pay.. so next time when i was in London.. i stayed in a 70 GBP one for which i am posting a review too... n ws equally satisfied.. extra 70-80 pounds that i paid for this didnt gave me real value.. go for it if you are one of those ' i stay only in 5 stars guy' else move to a cheaper one..	
Jun 19 2009 	great hotel fantastic location	the place to stay in London ! across the river from the parlament &amp;view of BIG BEN !!! London eye in walking distance,and so is the imperial war museum &amp;Tate Britain .Did I mentioned the price? 80 euro/room .b y all means ,go there !	
Jun 16 2009 	First Class	Stayed at the Park Plaza on business last week and my first impression was &quot;WOW&quot; I must be in the wrong hotel............knowing the prices of central London hotels and the budget allowance my company allocates, I was sure there had been a mistake!!!But on checking my booking with reception they confirmed I was in the right place!!!!Check in was swift and my room was ready although I was 2 hours earlier than the advertised arrival time.The room was fabulous all dark wood and clean white linen and the bathroom was to die for.The bedroom and bathroom were spotless and the bed was very comfortable.Unfortunately I had a view of a railway line but not a big issue and reasonable double glazing meant I was not disturbed by train noise.My toilet broke, late on the first night of my stay ,but with in 10 mins of reporting the fault a member of staff appeared to fix it. When it couldn't be fixed immediately they offered me an alternative room and moved me with no fuss and lots of apologies. The hotel was conveniently located for me to attend all of my business meetings in the Milbank area, about a 10 minute stroll over Lambeth Bridge, and would be well situated for sight seeing around the Westminster Area for tourists.Breakfasts were good, a self serve buffet of cooked food, including vegetarian options, and a variety of fruits, juices, pastries and cereals. Tea and coffee were served at your table.Overall a first class hotel, with helpful, professional staff and a good London location.	
Jun 16 2009 	Hard to beat	Booked through Last Minute.com which, after hours of trawling the net, offered the best price. Rooms were very clean if a little small - but no smaller than you would expect for London if I am being honest. Nice to have a big/deep bath in a spotlessly clean bathroom. Location was good and only a fifteen minute walk to Trafalgar Square. Staff were very good and if I had to gripe about something it would have to be that the bar area was very, very busy in the evenings. Think a lot of people come to eat in the restaurant (which gets extremely crowded at weekends so you need to book even if staying in the hotel). The breakfast (which was definitely the most expensive I have ever eaten) was excellent. If I managed to get another good rate I would go back for sure.	
Jun 12 2009 	first class	great hotel,clean,friendly staff,walking distance to main attractions eg trafalgar square,westminster abbey,big ben ect,good breakfast,large rooms.beautiful view house parliament on river thames,quite rooms.good internet/business service,coffee machine and washing machine in room(apartment)restaurant and bar on site	
Jun 3 2009 	Great location and staff are brilliant	stayed here on business since Nov08 to May09 and the staff are great, they make your stay really welcome.The hotel is next to Lambeth Bridge, the one next to Westminster bridge so it's far enough away from Leicester Square / Soho etc, but close enough to walk to it within 15/20 mins. The walk is good anyway as you pass the London Eye, Parliament, Big Ben, Whitehall, Trafalgar Sq etcThe rooms are of a normal size, and beds are really comfortable, as well as the bathroom has bath and seperate shower (very modern)	
Jun 2 2009 	Loved the view towards river Thames	I was on a business trip to London and I stayed for about 50 days at the Park Plaza Riverbank. Mine was a room with a window facing towards River Thames and a clear glimpse of the BIG BEN!! It was so amazing to take a walk at evening along the bank of the river!The room services were extremely efficient and the ambiance was very attractive. Also the lounge experience was fantastic.In terms of connectivity to the nearest tube stations, a bus stop is just outside the main entrance of the hotel. Waterloo station is about 15 mins by bus.Talking of local attractions, London Eye and Big Ben are about 10 minutes walk from the hotel. It was my first visit to London and it would have been a very different experience if I had not stayed in Park Plaza. One of the closest memories that I am going to cherish all my life.	
May 26 2009 	The ‘Air conditioning’ did not work	My wife and I and friends stayed in a so called “Superior Room” BB on Saturday 24 th May 2009. This room was advertised as having ‘Air conditioning’ this is the room specification:-This room has 1 double bed or 2 single beds and accommodates 2 persons.These are beautifully designed bedrooms, complete with bespoke furniture; queen sized double / twin bed, plasma screen TV and CD/DVD player, two direct dial telephones, coffee/tea maker, desk and mini bar.All bedrooms are fully air conditioning and offer direct modem link, an iron and ironing board hairdryer and in-room safe. A spacious bathroom offers a separate bath tub and shower.Room facilities: Additional beds upon request, Air-conditioning, Baby cot, Bath, Coffee/Tea Maker, Connecting room, DVD player, Facilities for disabled people, Hairdryer, Heating, Interactive TV, Iron and ironing board, LCD flat screen TV, Maid service, Mini-bar, Non-smoking rooms upon request, Pay-TV, Room Service, Room with view upon request, Safe box, Satellite TV, Shower, Smoke detectors, Smoking Room, Telephone, Telephone in bathroom, Television, Wake-up calls, WiFi Internet connection, Wired Internet, Working Desk, ToiletThe ‘Air conditioning’ did not work. When we enquired at the reception, the answer was “it is still in heating / winter mode’. It was 25o C on Saturday and the room was very hot‘Air conditioning’ is what is says and should be available 265 days a year or they should say it is not In fact we did intend to stay for 2 nights but checked out after 1.This is not a 4 star hotel in our opinion We would not go back or sample any in the Park Plaza chain in London	
May 18 2009 	great weekend	Hotel and staff really nice,made my first time in london extra special.	
May 18 2009 	Good location for a Weekend stay	We stayed at the hotel for one night on 16th May 2009. We haid paid for the upgrade to an executive room for an extra £30. I would say that it was worth the money, but only just. You are promised fruit on arrival, a robe, slippers and a choice of pillow. In reality the fruit was an orange, an apple and a plum. We only had one robe, one pair of slippers and when we ordered a luxury pillow we were told that they did not have any!! Be careful as they promise free internet, but this is not through the TV in room you have to bring your own laptop. The room was very clean with nice fixtures and fittings. It had a great bathroom and a decent sized flatscreen. The use of the executive suite was also part of the package which provided free drinks between 6.30 and 8.30pm. This was a quiet bar on the 11th floor and was ideal to sit and enjoy a few drinks before going out. We also had breakfast in the Chino Latino restaurant which was nice as you did not have to queue. The breakfast was of a good standard although it was self service. The major problem for us was the temperature in the room. It was very warm. We were told that the air conditioning units had not been turned on so I hope they sort this soon. I would reccomend this hotel as our overall experience was good. The location is excellent as within a ten minute walk you are at the London Eye.	
May 14 2009 	Worst reception staff ever!!!	NOT RECOMMENDED FOR BUSINESS PEOPLE AT ALL. SLOWEST CHECKIN i have ever had. When i arrived to the hotel just after 2.30 pm I was told by the receptionist in a rude german accent that room is not ready and leave your luggage at concierge and come back later or we will call you if you want when your room is ready. I mean what the hell??? why are you advertising 2pm checkin then ???I was helpless and had to attend a meeting so had to go. When i finally came back at 5 pm to checkin at the desk another snobbish german receptionist told me that my handwriting was bad and tore the registration form and gave me a new one and asked to fill it again neatly. i mean rediculous when i asked why did she tear away the form i had already signed she mentioned that it is as per our manager we need to make sure that all forms are filled clearly in a good handwriting. I was like is this receptionst about to teach me calligraphy or is behaving like my school teacher teaching me to write clearly??? not acceptable at all. And then the next thing i was asked to fill in was my email address as a mandatory requirement apparently as per the manager to checkin. to what i said i dont have one just to avoid those junk mails these guys send as promotional marketing and i was told its not possible you dont have one?i can just go on and on anyway this was just the beginning of my stay so dont even ask about the rest and on the checkout i was not even asked how my stay was or any thing no basic manners at all and no customer service. the whole staff there including the manager needs to learn some english hospitality and culture and a thorough customer service training. not recommended!!!!	
Apr 29 2009 	We'd stay here again	Nice rooms, nice restaurant (kind of an Asian fusion), pretty good location on the riverbank at the Thames. You can walk if the weather permits to Buckingham Palace, and Piccadilly Circus. If you buy their exclusive premium (whatever it's called) the breakfast is pretty good and the evening beer/wine/snacks are too, I'd recommend it if it's in your budget.The service at the lounge can be a bit spotty (and I'm probably being kind). Also, they've got a little cafe in the basement with hours that didn't really make sense to me.Lots of jazz/smooth music throughout the lobby and restaurant/lounge which I like. There's one computer for internet in the lobby, kind of hidden close to the elevators which came in handy.Hey, I'd stay here again!	
Apr 27 2009 	The usual good Park Plaza standards	After arriving back into the the UK from a trip in Paris we opted to stay in london for one night. We book the hotel through there own website was a bit more expensive but i was short on time on the internet access in Paris. We got a good rate for a no cancelation fee. of £130 for one night, for a 4 star slap bang on the thames i didn't think seemed to bad. On arrival at St Pancras station we got the tube to the closest station it said on there website, Vauxhall station, 10minutes walk which isn't bad but we had a lot of cases and seemed an eternity till we arrived. When we arrived at the hotel our bags were taken when checking in which then i was charged for my room not when i booked it like i thought, no worries but it didn't state that.We had been upgraded to a River view room, same room as we book but just with a view. The room was very spacious, Clean and well maintained.The Views it offered were excellent even though it was lashing it down outside.The bathroom was Massive, Bath and a shower.The extra you get from these rooms are as follows (off there official website) :-Executive Rooms with river view and Suites at our London lodging feature the following additional amenities:Bose CD/DVD playerComplimentary morning newspaperExclusive access to the Executive LoungeFruit and water on arrival Luxury bathrobe and slippersOne hour complimentary in-room Internet accessPlasma screen TV with surround soundTwo telephonesUpgraded bathroom amenitiesYour choice of pillowWhich was a definite plus as it was free.It was a bit of a walk (15-20minutes) up to the London eye but that was only thing that i could find fault with.I didn't get to try the restaurant that was located in the hotel so i can't really comment.Would i return....??For a one night break in london defiantly. For a longer stay in london, if i got a good deal i would.	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent location!	The first thing that strikes you is the location of the hotel..It is on the Albert embankment on Thames just across the westminster parliament.. Also a stone's throw from London eye and waterloo stationTry getting the rooms that are facing the riverOne thing in which the hotel can be better is in internet access. There is NO free internet. This can turn off business usersBut overall a nice place to be!	
Apr 21 2009 	the best week end away ever	Stayed in this fab hotel for two nights ,as our son was taking part in changing of the guard at buckingham palace..Prime location to all tourist spots.We took a taxi to oxford st, and walked very easily to regent st, leicester square,picadilly circus,trafalgar square, whitehall,parliament st, and westminster,then we walked along waterloo pier where the london eye is and there was an array of street performers and buzzing with tourists etc,loved it ,by10 o clock we walked back to hotel amazed at what we d covered in 1 day!! get a map from reception ,as we did ,theyre free too ! this is a must to getting around yourself and an experience we ll never forget.theres a mini supermarket right next to the hotel for any essentials also,taxi fares can be cheaper than tube as we found out,and quicker.Going back home the victoria line was out of use ,so get a bus from vauxhall to victoria station then tube on the circle line ,which takes about 15 to 20 mins to kings cross.	
Apr 14 2009 	Huge wonderful rooms! Great location!	This was a great hotel! The staff was wonderful and very helpful. The location is hard to beat...right across the river from Westminster and Big Ben! The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Only draw back was it's about a 10 min walk to an Underground station.	
Apr 14 2009 	An affordable modern Park Plaza but a little out of the way	For those of us who live in Euroland, London is as cheap as it has ever been. Now's the time to go! When booking, I was delighted to find a truly affordable room at the Park Plaza Riverbank. To me, &quot;Park Plaza&quot; has always been an upscale brand. And this would be my first experience with this chain. I suppose my impression of this hotel is based somewhat on the expectation that we would be getting a luxury experience.The hotel is located just south of Lambeth Bridge and Lambeth Palace, on the south side of the Thames. The hotel is on a nondescript stretch of Albert Embankment lying between Lambeth and Vauxhall. The hotel is sandwiched between the Thames and the wide multiple-track railway line leading into Waterloo. Vauxhall tube station is about a 5-10 minute walk south. Going north it takes about 10-15 minutes to walk to Westminster Bridge (London Eye, Parliament, etc.). The closest tube station up this way is Waterloo. Vauxhall is the closest tube stop. It's walkable for most people with moderately light bags.The hotel makes a nice first impression, as you might expect from a Park Plaza. Intriguing art in the lobby. The reception was efficient enough. This is a modern, well furnished hotel of about 10 storeys. The room we got was modern, upscale and very clean, but not a &quot;wow&quot; kind of room. Flatscreen TV. Lots of closet space. The designer bathroom with black tiles was spacious and modern. Here was a bit of luxury.This hotel is roughly in the shape of a hollow hexagon. Of the six sides, it seems that only one or two sides face NW toward Parliament and have the spectacular views of Parliament. If I remember correctly, these were the rooms on each floor ending in -41, -43, -45 and -47. The doors on this side look better than those for the rest of the hotel. Clearly these are the nicer rooms.I didn't see the view from these rooms or the rooms on the other side, but from what I could see most of the outside rooms on the other sides did not have views. We had a room on the inside (an even numbered room). These rooms are supposedly quieter because they look onto the courtyard in the middle of the hotel. But this courtyard is rather small and the other rooms are not far way. The view we had was of other rooms, and they had a similar view of our room. I can't remember every staying in a hotel (of any quality) where I could actually see the other guests lying in bed. We ended up having to keep our drapes closed much of the time. If you value privacy, try not to get one of these courtyard rooms. I really value my privacy, so this detracted seriously from the enjoyment of the hotel. I should have said something immediately, but it took a day or two before it really started bothering me.Before long I understood why we got such a good deal on this room. The really great rooms with the views (the &quot;executive rooms&quot; or whatever they call them) are not going at these prices. It's the rooms on the other sides (without great views; not so quiet) or the courtyard rooms (lacking privacy) that are going at these great prices.This is a hotel that is designed to make the best of a strange location. It tries to be two things at once: a very upscale hotel offering great rooms for those willing to pay; combined with a standard hotel with rather problematic rooms for the rest.This dual mission is reinforced by the two breakfasts on offer. The spacious breakfast place in the Chino restaurant was empty and had salmon on offer. Needless to say, the punctilious Polish youth shooed me away from his little empire. I was to dine with the rest of the plebes in the overcrowded basement. And here they served a delicious, competent breakfast. They had the usual things you would expect at a breakfast buffet. Scrambled eggs were laid out in the buffet, but a sign said that you could ask for other eggs if you wanted it. The sausages were delicious. It was not a luxury breakfast and it was not extraordinary. Sorry to the nice people there who really provided great service, but I'm calling it as I see it. It was not the kind of breakfast I expected to get at a Park Plaza.London was absolutely packed with tourists. You couldn't really get away from it. Unfortunately we weren't the only ones with the bright idea of taking advantage of the cheap pound. Or is London always like this on a holiday weekend?This also applied to this hotel. Italians in particular seemed to be travelling in large groups of families and young people, and couldn't stop nattering excitedly, even at breakfast. After a while it got to me. It all became too slick, too international, for me. There seemed to be no British people around. Not the staff. Not the guests. It was not a quiet, upscale crowd, which is sort of what I expected at a Park Plaza. By the end, it didn't feel like a London hotel. Or even like London. However, as I said, it was tourist hell the weekend we were there. Perhaps it was like this in every hotel.There's not much in the immediate area of the Park Plaza Riverbank. A few restaurants towards Vauxhall. (And a few gay places I think.) Thankfully there is a wonderful, fully supplied corner shop about 25 metres away from the hotel. I've been to London many, many times before, and I see now that I prefer to stay somewhere that gives me easy access to some London street life, pubs, shops, restaurants, the tube, etc. This hotel doesn't really have that. As close as it is to Westminster Bridge, this hotel felt sort of isolated. There is not an awful lot in the immediate vicinity of the hotel. Getting anywhere required a walk or a bus trip. A few quick points about the hotel amenities. The bar was huge and the Chino restaurant offered an intriguing pasta buffet for £8.50, although we didn't personally enjoy either. The internet is free. It's fast too, especially in the business centre in the basement. There is no pool, no sauna, no wellness area. The gym on the 5th floor has about 8-10 modern-looking cardio machines of various kinds. No weights and no weight-training machines at all.The staff here were clearly professionally trained and provided great service. I must say there was a problem with minibar items and breakfasts wrongly added to my account, but you see that kind of thing everywhere. I'm giving this place 4/5 mainly because of the price-quality ratio. What else can I say about this place? It is a very proper hotel - a Park Plaza no less - offering comfortable rooms at a great price. That's not always easy to find in London. If you're just looking for an affordable, modern hotel somewhere in London, this might be the right place for you. I would pay particular attention to the room you get. You may need to switch rooms a few times until you find something suitably quiet and private. I am also sure that the atmosphere of this hotel probably changes completely during the week. I saw it on a busy holiday weekend.	
Mar 23 2009 	Park Plaza Riverbank - worth a look	We stayed here for a weekend and thought that overall it represented good value for money. We travelled to London by train and used the Victoria Line to Vauxhall which was about a 10 minute walk to the hotel. We had booked using a promotion through Travel Zoo which was offering a standard room including breakfast for £79 per night or an executive room for £99 per night again including breakfast. We chose the executive package as it was our wedding anniversary and when we arrived at the hotel on Friday afternoon we were pleased with the quality of the room. It was reasonably large by London standards, very modern and contemporary, with a great bathroom which included a bath as well as a walk in shower. Sadly we didn’t have a river view but equally we had not paid for one! We overlooked other rooms at the side of the hotel but that was no problem as its not like you have a balcony to chill on, so you don’t really look out of the window. I was just pleased that we didn’t overlook the railway line but I did wonder if maybe that’s where the standard rooms were. We unpacked and left the hotel for a walk as it was a beautiful day. We only got as far as the boat bar directly over the road on the Thames embankment, where we enjoyed a glass of wine on the deck, looking at the view of the houses of Parliament and the London Eye. While we were enjoying this, it occurred to me that our room had none of the executive extras I had seen on the Website, which wouldn’t have mattered if we hadn’t deliberately made the choice and paid the extra £20 per night. I did wonder if this had something to do with the fact that we had got a promotional rate but I still wanted to know what we had paid the extra £40 for. After we had finished our drinks we went back over to the hotel and I spoke to a guy at the Guest Relations desk. He looked up our room number and apologised and said he would sort it out and reminded us that we also had use of the executive lounge between 6.30pm and 8.30pm for complimentary drinks and snacks. I was then feeling very pleased that we had queried it. We then left the hotel again and took a five minute walk up the road towards Vauxhall station to a pub called the Rose where we had another drink and a meal. We returned to the hotel around 6pm and in our room was a tray with fruit, water and toiletries and on the bed were our bathrobes and slippers. Making the assumption that the standard rooms are overlooking the railway lines at the rear of the hotel then I felt that the extra £20 was worth paying. We then made our way to the executive lounge on the 11th floor where we had a couple of drinks each (wine and beer) There were some snacks, spring rolls etc but as we had not long eaten we did not have any. We then returned to our room to enjoy the champagne we had brought with us. We had requested at check in some champagne glasses and an ice bucket and these had been brought to our room earlier. There is an ice station on each floor so we were able to replenish the ice. There is a mini bar in the room and there is a small space in there for your own items - as with most mini bars if you remove any items you will be charged, regardless of whether or not you actually used them. The next morning we went down to the club lounge (level minus 1) for breakfast as instructed when we checked in. However when they looked up our room number we were told that as we were executive guests our breakfast was in the Chino Latino restaurant on the ground floor. Couldn’t fault the breakfast there, lovely surroundings, massive choice of cereals, fruits, yogurts, continental breakfast and of course the good old full English. No queuing and all the cooked items were hot. Left the hotel around 10.30am and wandered up to the London Eye which we had booked a ride on - about 20 minutes slow stroll along the embankment. Spent the rest of the day in Covent Garden and Leicester square before going to see Thriller Live. Had dinner in Piccadilly Circus and returned to the hotel around 9.00pm. Whilst out we noticed signs informing that the entire Victoria Line was closed for the whole weekend which meant that we had to travel back to Waterloo and walk from there - about 20 mins with aching feet after a day out - but hey I am still alive! Also we realised that this meant we would have to catch the train from Waterloo in the morning to get back to Kings Cross as the Victoria Line was not running at Vauxhall. A bit of a pain but not a major incident. Sunday Morning -another lovely breakfast in Chino Latinos, took the complimentary Sunday papers back to the room for a read and then checked out around 11.00am.To sum up, this hotel suited us perfectly, we thought it was in a good location for what we wanted from the weekend. If the Victoria Line is running it is only a 10 min walk and even if not, it’s a max 20mins to Waterloo with a lovely walk down the embankment overlooking the House of Parliament and Big Ben etc so really no major hassle. We didn’t use the hotel bar but I expect like any hotel it would have been expensive, however there are plenty of options outside of the hotel so you make your own choice about that. Our deal also included 50% off dining in Chino Latinos so that was probably quite affordable - however we didn’t fancy it so we didn’t bother. I would definitely return here or to one of the other Park Plazas in the vicinity as I feel it represented good value for money.	
Feb 26 2009 	Spoilt by one event	Have stayed at this hotel before, and think it is very well priced, and the location whilst not perfect is fairly handy. It is a shame that on this occasion we had some poor service which has somewhat coloured my judgement. Despite reporting and requesting that our rooms hadnt been made up (by 4pm) and that the air con wasnt working, they still hadnt been made up when we got back from the theatre at 11pm. The answer to the air con not working was to open a window. Despite that it is a good hotel, and for the price I paid exceptional value. Book via park plaza website for best deals 9not all that much more than a Travellodge!). The beds are very comfy and the rooms well appointed.	
Feb 24 2009 	liked the sentral location	its an excellent hotel my third time to London since millenium and my experience with Riverbank park plaza is the far best. It was a bit more expencieve than my earlier stay but worth every penny. CLEANLOCATIONNEW HOTELFairly spaciousNice Reception	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed for two nights in February. Hotel was very clean and rooms spacious. Great bathroom with separate shower and bath. Beds were comfortable and there was plenty selection at the Breakfast Buffet. Staff were helpful and friendly. Short walk to Vauxhall Tube station - Lambeth Walk exit and walk about 5 - 10 mins along the road at the same side. There is an exit for Albert Embankment but it is the other side of the road. London Eye etc are about a 15 minute walk from the hotel. Eating places are limited within the location of the hotel and the hotel prices are quite expensive. Free internet access in the rooms. The downside is the music - if you are on a lower floor this goes on until around 3.30am and the music for the breakfast room which is not loud in the breakfast room but can be heard in the rooms on the lower floor. Rooms at back o f the hotel have no views other than other rooms.	
Feb 12 2009 	It is value for money.	It was pleasent experiance with THAMES RIVER &amp; LONDON TOWER view.	
Jan 20 2009 	Lovely Hotel but ended up being a nightmare	Arrived on New Years Eve, 11.00am booked in knowing our room wouldn't be ready came back 6.30pm to find room still not ready. Went to the bar for free drinks and waited 1 hour till room was ready. Meanwhile our friends checked in and the hotel had lost their booking. The receptionist went off to find a manager who wasn't available. She came back and my friend went round the desk and looked at the computer and his name was there all the time with the booking reference number that he had given her. One hour later they got to their room.We went up to our room, rang housekeeping to ask for the bed for our son to be made up. It was a lovely large room but very cold. We all went to the Lounge for something to eat and had a lovely meal, with great coctails. Off we went to the New Years fireworks. Leaving our 16 year old daughter to get an early night because she was tired and had A Level exams early Jan. The fireworks were great. came back to find our daughter distressed because of extremely loud music coming from the disco below her room. Rang reception, asked to be moved, told the Hotel was full. The music finally stopped at 3.30am. On the booking form I had asked for a quiet room so there was no excuse. Got back to our room to find bed has not been made up it was eventually done at 2.00am. Got to bed but one of the lights wouldn't turn off. Rang reception again. They came up but said there was nothing they could do. I slept fully dressed because heating wasn't working. I never did get warm this was probably the worst thing of the time.I complained to the manager and we were moved to a beautiful suite with view of Thames but once again the heating wasn't working. They quickly brought us radiators which were great. The views from the room were amazing. I also managed to negotiate some money off the bill.So all in all it was a nightmare, one can put up with one or two problems because it was the busiest night of the year. But this was just too much.	
Jan 19 2009 	A lovely experience	Although the room (831) was a little warm for our liking (I can't believe I am moaning about being too warm in a cold January!) and the washbasin was a little slow in emptying, these were just minor points in a very enjoyable weekend. Lovely clean hotel, nice rooms and, their biggest asset, staff which really do go out of their way to be be pleasant, helpful and cheerful. They really made our stay a memorable one.	
Jan 12 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed in this hotel having seen a fantastic January offer on Travelzoo. Southbank is not normally the area we would stay, but the price was great and included breakfast. The hotel is about 10 minutes walk to Vauxhall tube station. The rooms are spacious, modern and very clean. The staff were all very friendly. The hotel bar was lively when we returned to the hotel at about midnight. It's a modern bar and certainly worth a visit to relax after sightseeing. The breakfast is a buffet style breakfast, with a good choice of breakfast items.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great value high class hotel	My wife and a friend stayed here in December for one night as part of a Theatre break. Hotels in central London were completely out of our price range, so it was good to find this one reasonably priced and only a short tube ride into town.The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Vauxhall tube (10/15 minutes from Waterloo - but a nice walk along the river). It is a modern property, and clean and well-appointed. The rooms were bright and clean - as were the bathrooms. Rooms were of a good size with an excellent entertainment system, including pay-as-you-go internet. The bar was excellent too- and the bar food wonderful (and not expensive). Quite why anyone would actually need to use the restaurant was beyond us!One small thing - the hotel is near a busy railway line, so if you are easily disturbed, ask for a room at the front of the hotel (you'll probably get a nice view too (I dont know if they cost more though).All in all, we were really glad we found this place. we've stayed in the big central London hotels before and found them to be over-priced and not up to much. The Park Plaza Riverside is somewhere we will definitely return to.	
Jan 6 2009 	Not As impressed As Last Time	We arrived after a 3 hour, freezing train delay and I was looking forward to hot relaxing bath. Upon arrival I was advised I had booked a twin room instead of a double, which I accept was my fault. However they only had the one room available with a double bed apparently, which turned out to be a disabled room. I have nothing against this but there was no bath and the room was smaller (Having stayed here before I knew what to expect)Another problem was the no heating in the bathroom.. On a weekend where the temperatures where as low as -6 in a completely tiled room was not pleasent at all any time of day.Room service food arrived barely warm and was not very nice compared to eating in the restaurant donwstairs.Good points where the reduced noise from the trains. Dont know how they have improved this but we were again at the back of the hotel but this time no noise at all from the trains passing :)With the cold weather we had a number of lay-ins. Not enabling the room to be cleaned at the normal times. After leaving the room after 3PM on all three days we arrived back late at night to find the room was spotless, beds made, clean towels etc Which I was very impressed with.The hotel is still as smart and clean the staff are helpfull and I would stay here again as I know im partly to blame for the room.N.B Do not waste £5 a day on the built in internet on the TV! There is a computer in the reception you can use for free.. Slightly Hidden. Just ask them where it is if you cant find it.	
Jan 3 2009	Large rooms	The room was much bigger than expected and compared to other london hotels I have stayed at. The front desk was only able to give me a double room in the disabled floor which meant no tub but it was fine. The water pressure in the room was weak and the hot water was not very hot but overall the experience was good. The heater worked well and the hotel was only a 10 minute walk from Vauxhall tube station.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed here for our 6 year aniversary got a great deal through the website , exec room with river view including breakfast and 50% off hotel restaurant.Upon checkin we were advised the room wasn't yet available but we were delighted to be upgraded to a suite. We left our bags and went off shopping arrived back to a beautiful suite.We went to the club lounge for evening drinks and canape. Only wine and soft drinks, a little dissapointing.We had booked dinner in the hotel restuarant so made our way up. We handed them the 50% voucher and were seated. 2 mins later the waiter came over to advise the voucher had expired. I told him thats odd we had only checked in. He sorted it out. The food was amazing , I think I had the duck it was really nice and their cocktails were delicious I recommend the Mohito.After food we got the bill but noticed the 50% was not taken off again we had to advise the waitress. she was very appologetic and immediately ammended it. Even with the 50% it was a little expensive but worth it , I would not have paid full price.The only other little niggles were I was told they didn't have any other pillow other than feather , which i'm alergic too. I told them I found that hard to believe. Eventually after numerious calls they brought a foam pillow up.You can have breakfast in chino's if you have an exec package however they didn't have us on there list so I had to sort it out with frount desk who again were appologetic for not correctly advising the restuarant.Service was extremly slow had to wait 30mins for toast e.t.c but food was good.So in summary a very nice hotel , spend extra to get an exec room with a view it is worth it. Service was poor. I can accept one mistake but numerious ones means lack of service becareful make sure you get everything with the package you booked something which Hotel guests should not have to highlight. Still though a great hotel!	
Jan 3 2009 	Loved the Park Plaza - Excellent Location	Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in Nov-Dec 2008, loved it. Great location, could walk to everything and view over the Thames was worth the cost. Would stay here again	
Dec 31 2008 	Certainly very nice hotel to stay in	I do stay in this hotel on regular basis as it is close to our London office.Positive things:-Very good rooms and they all are exactly the same, therefore no &quot;room lottery&quot;-Good beds with very-very soft pillows-Always very clean-Staff are very polite-Good breakfast (haven't tried the restaurant)-River view (expensive rooms)-Quiet (compared to many other London hotels)-Large TV with many channels-Free WiFi internet -Nice big bathroom-Everything is modern and in good conditionNegative things:-A bit far away from local points of interest, so it is always a taxi ride or long walk-When they give you cheap room with a river view, you will have 10% river view and 90% railway view. So don;t bother with river view, get inner court view, this is quieter-Once I asked for my shirts to be pressed - and had to iron them myself once they came back. Do not use that service - they can ruin your shirtsOverall, my proffered hotel in London at the moment - I would stay there for the business as well as private trips	
Dec 28 2008 	Nice place to stay	It's all good here: everything smart and new, especially for the fairly reasonable rates usually available. The breakfasts and the cocktails are much better than most. Apart from the river, little to see or do within 10 minutes walk - but hang on... within 20 minutes you have absolutely everything: Big Ben, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, London Eye, Shakespeare's Globe, Tate Britain &amp; Modern. No tube stations within close walking distance (Vauxhall about 10 minutes) but buses stop right outside the door every five minutes night and day.In winter the air-con's switched off - which sounds fair enough unless the room's constantly too hot (at least 25 degrees C I reckon). Bathrooms rather tiny but at least a proper tub and separate shower. A perfect choice if you're into the modern/minimalist look and can find a decent rate (less than about £150 a night would make it a good buy compared with others in London).	
Dec 12 2008 	Much commendable one glaring black mark	The location, staff, food and accommodations at the Riverbank are mostly commendable, with poise and aplomb openly displayed in a friendly manner.I counsel being careful to ascertain the location of your room, as the rear is just above the railway and our room window in 2006 was on a central air shaft, facing other rooms.Breakfast was provided, and the buffet was nearly sumptuous and was well-tended. The un-muffled din, small tables and uncomfortable seating were the only weak points.The one thing I cannot get past, in stark contrast, is the clearly immature and obviously un- or under-supervised Concierge desk, staffed by inattentive, adolescent boys. They turned away 3 attempted deliveries to me because my name (which I gave him twice, in advance) is not the same as my wife's, under whom the room was registerd. The attitude displayed, on each incidence, was surprisingly undisciplined and dismissive.Otherwise, the service, ambience and amenities are superior. However, due to my impression of lack of competence at the Concierge desk, I would not recommend staying there.	
Dec 9 2008 	Loved that Hotel	We stayed here with my husband for one night.....it was our first time in England...and we loved that Hotel.....Reception area is beautiful as well as bar...it is very romantic there during the evening time...We didn’t try food there, but cocktails they’ve made -Mmmmm!!!!!Staff is very helpful, the gave us a late check out next day, as our flight wasn’t till 20.00..Room was nice, comfy beds. It was back facing room, so it was very quite....We suppose to have a bottle of wine on arrival, but there was none in the room when we checked in, I ask receptionist, and it was sorted quickly.We really enjoy our stay there and we will definitely come back to this Hotel....	
Nov 19 2008 	Great styling but a little noisy	We stayed one night in a standard room at The Park Plaza as we were attending a function at the hotel on Saturday night. We parked in the hotel car park which is small and under the railway bridge a short walk from the hotel and we were slightly concerned about security but it seemed to be well fenced and fairly secure.Having read the reviews I made a point of asking the reception desk if we could have a room away from the trains - the receptionist went to enquire with a colleague and said she would see what she could do. We ended up being towards the rear of the hotel on the 7th floor so were still quite close to the trains - so not hugely impressed with the reception desk, although I was impressed with the soundproofing and after consideration we decided not to ask to change rooms. The room itself was large and well furnished and spotless. The bathroom was nicely appointed and again very clean. We had no view from our room other than of another building and the train line. The bed was very comfy and lovely and warm. My husband said he could hear the lift going up and down in the night (even though we were well away from it) and we could hear the trains but it didn't stop me getting a good nights sleep and I am quite a light sleeper.I would stay at the hotel again if we were attending another function there but otherwise I would try and find somewhere a bit more central in a quieter location.	
Nov 18 2008 	very relaxing	Stayed here for 2 nights, very much enjoyed our stay, the room was modern and very clean. There was an iron burn on the carpet and the room was quite small. Breakfast was very nice and well cooked. Drinks were expensive but thats London for you! Staff were very good and obviously well trained. Happy weekend!	
Nov 10 2008 	Good Location Big Rooms Brilliant Food!	The hotel isn't in the best location for the tube, but there are plenty of buses about. The rooms are big, with strange orange lighting (which you can turn off), clean and comfy. The staff are all friendly. The noise of the trains in the back rooms is muffled but audible so if you're a light sleeper take ear plugs. The restaurant is one of the best in Europe, if you can afford it, but if not the Club Lounge food is fantastic although the service is a bit slow.	
Oct 19 2008 	Fanfastic stay	My wife and I have just come back from a weekend stay at the hotel. When we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff and were immediately informed that we had been upgraded to their 5 star accommodation at no extra cost. The room was'nt quite ready for us so to compensate for the inconvenience, (which was minimal), we were given free drinks in the bar. The suite we were given was beyond our expectations, it was more like a fully equipped apartment, immaculately clean &amp; modern. Its worth mentioning the nice little touches that added to being made to feel important, such as after coming back at the end of the day to find the bed made down, music playing in your room &amp; chocolates on the pillow to welcome you.To summarise, a great hotel &amp; staff, a great location &amp; great value, a real find. Desperately trying to find an excuse to stay again.Mr &amp; Mrs Crayford,	
Oct 15 2008 	A poor cooked breakfast at the end of a sleepless night	Nice public areas and a friendly concierge and a smart looking room were all a good start. The room was at the back of the hotel.There was an annoying low level extractor hum coming from somewhere which was mildly annoying when I went to bed at two, however the trains traveling past were unbearable. They were very audible and from six it was constant roar for rush hour. The net result was I had next to no sleep. Breakfast was uninspiring but the cooked breakfast was inedible. The only bad cooked breakfast I can ever remember anywhere.In my opinion this hotel fails in the most basic requirement of a hotel, i.e. you can't get a nights sleep in the place. If you can't get a room on the front away and from the lifts avoid this place, otherwise it should be fine I imagine	
Oct 4 2008 	Nothing special at all!	The hotel was extremely average. Our room felt like it hadn't been cleaned properly, there was an iron burn on the carpet and there were no little extras to the room at all - just the usual tea making facilities (not even any biscuits). The room was tired and in need of some TLC, when using the toilet roll, the holder fell off the wall.The positives were that the room was large in terms of London standards, the staff were pleasant and it was a lovely walk along the Thames to the Millenium Wheel on the sunny Sunday morning - of course the weather can't be guaranteed ;) We are a young couple who used the room as a base so it did for us but if you want something special, go somewhere else.	
Oct 2 2008 	Becoming a favourite.	I have stayed at the Riverbank on a number of occasions and can recommend it. A large modern hotel, the rooms are excellent - larger than most London hotel rooms and with large bathrooms. Very well equipped (including DVD player) and some rooms have great views. Breakfast is comprehensive though the cooked version can be a bit lacking in freshness if it has been on the hotplate too long. You will need a large bank loan if you want anything from the mini-bar so I recommend the little shop almost next door which stays open until 11.00 and stocks most things.The only real disadvantage for many people is the location - it is a fair distance from the nearest tube and there are only a limited range of eating places in the immediate vicinity.	
Sep 26 2008 	Good location fulfills all needs	We stayed here before leaving on a cruise. We arrived early and the staff was helpful in finding us a room that was available early on a Friday afternoon. It's very centrally located, we walked to the Houses of Parlament for a late afternoon tour, then found dinner. There were a number of nearby bars, one of which we visited later in the evening and met a number of people leaving on the same cruise the next day.This was my 3rd time to London, both by location and service this is the best place I've stayed. I would certainly stay there again.	
Sep 26 2008 	Uninspiring...	I recently stayed at the Park Plaza Riverbank for two nights with my partner; we were in London celebrating our anniversary and so booked an 'Executive' room for two nights.The hotel promised much and was in a good location.However, the experience was utterly uninspiring: this hotel really is nothing special. What's more, there were a series of niggles and minor irritations which somewhat spoiled the occasion.The most blatant error was that our sheets were not cleaned after the first night. We returned from the city to find that the room itself had been cleaned, and fresh towels provided, but that no-one had seen fit to change the bedding.I've stayed in pokey hotels and apartments for less than £50 per night where the sheets were changed daily with metronomic precision; so why not, when I paid over £200 per night?Also annoying was the 'Executive' package itself - and the associated promotions.We were supposed to have been able to access the Executive lounge, with drinks and canapes included, which would have been nice, as the view from our room was of the walls of an apartment block (presumably) and a dirty side street...But we couldn't get in.Nobody picked up the phone when I called to query this; then, when we asked at reception, they informed us that drinks were to be served instead in the bar.The bar staff knew nothing of this and we left quite disappointed.Breakfast was also quite dismal - and similarly confusing. (It is served in three different places and we were shuffled between them all.) And, although we sat down towards the end of the allotted slot for breakfast, the staff seemed to actively want to get rid of us.The overall package - comfort, quality, service, etc. - was average (at best) and what I would expect for about a third of the price. For an outlay of £420 (for two nights), I expected a lot more.Definitely not recommended!	
Sep 23 2008 	Well worth a try	I booked the hotel through lastminute.com (one of their mystery hotels) for £300 (Thu &amp; Fri) in an executive room. Given that the rate includes a full breakfast and free drinks &amp; snacks between 6.00 &amp; 8.00 pm it was a bit of a bargain. We had a (very) partial river view room on the 10th floor which was very quiet. They wouldn't upgrade me to a river view room, even when I offerred to pay the difference in price (very odd).The hotel is quite new so all furnishings are immaculate. The design of the bedroom, the quality of the bed and en-suite are all first class. The aircon is effective but noisy on any setting.The executive lounge was closed and so drinks/snacks were served in the basement club lounge - the other half of which was full of coach-party guests - not very conducive for a quiet drink.Breakfast for non-executive room guests in the Club room looked pretty horrendous; breakfast in Chino restaurant was much better, but the tables would be much too close together for dinner.Check in / check out was efficient. Be careful when you ask the concierge to call a taxi though; make sure you get a real black cab. The porters appear to have an arrangment with a firm of unmetred minicabs that lie in wait outside the entrance. They take your bags to one of these guys, who, when you get to your destination, proceed to demand double the normal taxi fare. Beware.Mangement should put a stop to this scam.	
Sep 19 2008 	Room for improvement	Hotel is in prime location , adjacent to the Thames . Rooms at the front have excellent views of Houses of Parliament , rooms at the rear are next to a railway line and have terrible views of industrial areas . Many of the young staff are foreign and their command of english is not always good . Bar was understaffed and they were rushing about , which does not create a relaxed atmosphere . The continental breakfast was far better than the full english , which included tinned mushrooms , watery scrambled eggs and bacon rashers that appeared to be boiled . Overall disappointing for a hotel of this class .	
Sep 15 2008 	Not what I expected	After staying one night nearby in a Premier Inn for £68 we thought we would splash out and stay in a luxury hotel for a night. Ok, so we booked through a London discount hotel website, but when we turned up, the desk said they did not have my reservation entered on their system. Luckily I had a printout of my reservation so they grudgingly gave us a room while they checked it out. The receptionist refused to believe that we were entitled to breakfast and said we were room only.Eventually, after about half an hour, they found our booking and agreed that we were indeed having breakfast.The room was beautiful, although it was at the back of the hotel overlooking the main railway line (approx 25 yards away) into Waterloo. In spite of the triple glazing the sound of trains could be heard all through the night. Breakfast was good.So - lovely hotel but ask for a room at the front overlooking the river. It will set you back a lot more but at least you'll get some sleep.	
Sep 15 2008 	Good for business traveller	I frequently visit London and I think this hotel is one of the best hotels for business travellers. I have stayed here twice and I like the location and modern facilities.RemziTurkey	
Sep 4 2008	Just not as good as it could be	I stayed here for a night on business, and everything about the hotel isn't quite as good as it might be; the receptionists were too busy to attend to guests when I checked in; the room - which was great - had a sheen of dirt on every surface, cigarette ash on the floor (in a non-smoking room), drink stains on the furniture; housekeeping came barging in without knocking 3 times in as many hours; the room key had been disabled when I returned in the evening; the 4 bar staff were too locked in conversation to actually serve the guests... All little niggles but a surefire sign that someone needs to fire a rocket up the management before standards slip really badly.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great stay... no buts	Stayed here for two night... was upgraded to riverview without request... simply stunning. Staff was helpfull and professional at all times. One of the most stylish, and cutting edge hotels in London... Chino latino restaurant highly recomended, one of the best dining experiences in a long time (bring cash).This has been my fourth stay, (on one occasion Amy Winehouse was also a guest at that time, altough not much was seen of her) and each time this hotel has surpassed my standards, truly worth the premium...	
Aug 26 2008 	Very Clean and Modern Hotel at Good Location	I just got back from a 1 week stay at this hotel and I was pleasently surprised by this modern, clean, quiet and friendly staffed hotel. I highly would recommend staying at this hotel and it's worth the extra few $$. The location was very convenient to everything...tube, busses, Eye, Big Ben and there was a small convenient store next door to the hotel which was not over priced and was great for picking up snacks and bottled water. Cash station is right next door to the hotel as well. Telephone booth in front of the hotel. A pub and few other restaurants were located about a block down as well. Recommend the Portugese restaurant, good food. Just don't be surprised but there is a male Gay bar as you go towards Vauxhal Station but it didn't seem to be happening until after 10pm. Did not know it even existed until walking back to the hotel from the tube one night. The rooms are a bit small but the bathroom was great....very big and very clean. It had a separate tub and shower and plenty of counter space. We got the breakfast package as well and the buffet every morning was properly served...no matter what time we went down to eat they always had plenty of food and the service was top notch. The wait staff was alert and polite and quickly responded to personally seat us and serve us coffee/tea. The whole hotel is extremely modern and updated and clean. I have to say this hotel did nothing wrong. The entire staff from the front desk to the restaurants all made our stay comfortable and I would definately stay there again and recommend it to any of my friends that are visiting London. This hotel I give an A+ in all areas.	
Aug 16 2008 	AN EXCELLENT EXPERIENCE	The location of thiis hotel is ideal for a visit to the london eye and other top attractions. Located alongside the Thames near the Lambeth pier/ bridge it took us a gentle ten minute walk to the London Eye and this was with a 4 year old and 2 year old in tow. . The checking in was very quick and simple and the staff were all very friendly .The concierge desk was very busy but they are very efficient and know their stuff so don't be affraid to get as much information as you can .Our stay was part of the executive package and our room was very spacious, clean and modern.The executive lounge was closed but executive packages were still catered for in the lower lounge area . This was a very nice experience with complimentary drinks and canapes. It was very relaxing and the staff were very accommodating and efficient. Breakfast was served in the Latino restaraunt and and A la Carte menu was on offer. Once again all staff were very efficient and friendly. The breakfast was very nice with a good choice for adults and children. Overall we were very pleased with our choice of hotel, it covered everything we wanted from a good location to hotel amenities and we highly recommend this hotel. Thanks to all the staff for ensuring our visit was so enjoyable. .	
Jul 30 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed in this hotel for two nights and it was super. On the other side of the river from most of the attractions but was easily accessible by the tube. The room was spotless and very modern with great attention payed to detail. Lovely toiletries, fruit plate, slippers etc provided and we were just stying in thier basic room! View from the hotel over the river at night is really quite beautiful. Some of the rooms at the back of the hotel are perhaps a little close to a railway line, so when booking I would suggest that you ask for a room at the side or front. Great service in the bar downstairs, although a little pricey - around £17 for two spirits and mixers. Overall I would recommend this hotel to all and will make a point of returning myself.	
Jul 30 2008 	Pillows to die for	I stayed one night in this hotel in early July with other colleagues. The bedrooms were lovely and it is a real pleasure having a separate shower and bath rather than the usual over bath shower common in many London hotels. The pillows were the most comfortable I have had in any hotel and would have really liked to bring one home! Breakfast was good and freshly cooked. My room overlooked the rear of the hotel so it wasn't good but for one night it was fine. I didn't have dinner in the hotel but my colleagues did and said the food was very good.My only gripe was the long wait we had to check in to the hotel. It got to the stage where staff brought drinks for those in the queue so not an ideal start if you are on holiday or in a hurry to get to your room.I would stay here again but perhaps try and get a room with a river view.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great hotel for business and sightseeing alike	I stayed here for several weeks on business and had a thoroughly pleasant experience. The staff was helpful, food was good, and price reasonable (all things considered for London). Location was good in its own way (close enough to walk across the bridges to see the sights, but not right downtown with the hordes of tourists). I met two very nice HR staff from the hotel who were extremely hospitable and friendly. That experience made me respect the high caliber of staff the hotel attracts which is apparent from the courtesy and professional with which they carry themselves. Overall, five stars. Couldn't ask for much more in a hotel	
Jul 24 2008 	great hotel - central located - but still in a quite area - excellent for long s	We stayed as a family in this hotel for 12 days partly business partly private. The hotel is great, luxery rooms. very pleasant staff working the hotel. rooms are clean. we really enjoyed staying in London fro such a long period	
Jul 22 2008 	Good spacious hotel request river view upon booking	I booked a mystery room via last minute.com so got a superior room at quite a bargain rate. I requested a river view on booking (about 2 months in advance) and although they seemed to have forgotten, they changed us to a river view room on the 8th floor (I'm pretty sure it was not an upgrade) when we asked again at check in. It had spectacular views of the Westminster, especially at night (room 841). the room was spacious, with a large lounge room with a flat screen TV. The mini bar is locked unless you leave a credit card imprint with them (there is a very sensitive sensor in the fridge which deducts from the credit card every time you move an item from its spot). There is near no room for personal items to be left in the fridge. Having said that, there is an ice machine on each floor which was very handy. there is also a flat screen TV in the bedroom as well. The bathroom was also fantastic, with a large selection of toiletries, a separate bath and shower. There was a complimentary bath robe and pair of slippers. The only strange thing about the hotel was that when we requested an additional bath robe (they gave us one for a double room), this was denied flatly for no explained reason. On the second day, housekeeping also gave us two cactuses which was a little strange.The concierge and check-in staff were very nice (especially a man called Tom). The food at Chino Latino is also very good, and comes at a reasonable price with a 25% discount given in the room. All in all, the room and service was fantastic. The location is within walking distance to the London Eye. It is about 10-15 minutes walking distance from Vauxhall and Lamberth North, which is not the most convenient with luggage (there is a bus which you can take for one stop from Vauxhall station to the hotel).	
Jun 18 2008 	Excellent Location and Service	I am constantly amazed at the things about which people complain. The negative comments in some other reviews of this hotel are generally churlish at best. I found it to be clean, well maintained, and friendly. The service was excellent and cheerfully rendered. Our room was clean, spacious and comfortable. The concierge, Thom, was a great help with some problems associated with a tour company and with dining recommendations. The location was as good as I could possibly have wished. It is only a leisurely walk to any destination in the Westminster area and not much further for others. The Vauxhall Underground station is nearby and serves as a good departure point for many city locations. The restaurant was quite good, if a bit pricey. However, there were many fine and quaint places to eat within easy walking distance or, at most, a short cab ride.It is true that the railway route to and from Waterloo station goes right behind the hotel. However, I made sure to get a room away from that location and had no noise problem. Moreover, there is a convenient ATM right next to the hotel entry and a mini-mart adjacent on the other side. Not to mention the phone booth just outside the cab area (important if you want to make overseas calls with a calling card and not pay the hotel fees). Very convenient. All in all, an enjoyable stay and highly recommended.	
Jun 3 2008 	Very disappointing; room not cleaned properly; strong smell of cigs	Booked into this hotel by my company; map wrong so I alighted at wrong Tube and arrived shattered and near collapse (medical reasons). In spite of my obvious distress, was not asked to sit down while checking in, sit down check-in desk only feet away. Was upgraded though to river front room; told that my &quot;normal&quot; company room would have been at the back overlooking the very busy rail lines and I wouldn't have got any sleep! Room was a very long walk from the lift (furthest room away, and remember my state!). VERY strong smell of cigarette smoking (non smoking room and corridor) and carpet hadn't been vacuum cleaned properly; after complaining, room was freshened by spray. Otherwise very pleasant room.Hotel very distant from London eating places so visited the expensive Asian type &quot;fushion&quot; restaurant (with 25% discount card from room). Meal was very good and service excellent and friendly (not owned by hotel). Breakfast was included in my rate and was good with very good staff.Called and spoke to duty manager about the room issues, check-in and a number of other things; listened politely; did nothing. On return home, quite by chance, found out that hotel had debited my card twice; no apology though it was put right.Probably a good hotel but &quot;careless&quot; management?	
Jun 1 2008 	Fantastic view and service to match	I travel to London on a regular basis and its hard to find a good hotel in London without paying 300 GBP plus. Riverbank Park Plaza is a great find. Rooms are contemporary fresh, SPACIOUS bathrooms, plasma screen and wifi in rooms. A room for the business traveller. The hotel bar was again very modern and stylish with a great vive. Chino Lationa the main restaurant was a great place, fun, great food, stylish...I loved it!	
May 23 2008 	Nothing Special	The Park Plaza is located on the Albert Embankment a fair trek from the tube. The double room for single occupancy was an adequate size, the comfortable bed with 'pillow menu' is recommended - such a shame insulation between rooms is not to such a high standard. Or the fact that the hotel backs onto the train lines (there are at least seven of them) into Waterloo and fronts a busy dual carriageway. Well proportioned bath room - towels were fine if a bit on the small side. Plenty of essential toiletries provided. My worst gripe is breakfast, £2.50 for two slices of toast with jam is an absolute disgrace but no one cares. £3.00 for burnt coffee was also a rip off.	
May 16 2008 	Very pleasant stay	We stayed at the Riverbank Plaza for a long weekend and had a very pleasant stay. We booked it as a &quot;mystery hotel&quot; through lastminute.com and had a very nice surprise! The location is convenient, the London Eye was only 10 minutes' walk away and there was a grocery store right next to the hotel for buying fruit etc.Staff was very helpful and professional and made our stay enjoyable. When I found I was allergic to the feather cushions and requested synthetic pillows from the front desk they arrived straight away. Concierge was helpful too and advised us as to which tubelines were closed during our stay. There are trainlines right behind the hotel and unless you have an executive suite your room will face the trainlines and not the river. However, I'm a light sleeper and still didn't find it much of a problem. Room service was good too and not too expensive. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated in Japanese style. Bathroom had a tub and a shower cubicle, complimentary toiletries and was spotless. Hairdryer and ironing board also provided.I can recommend this hotel to anybody who needs a stylish and confortable hotel close to Westminster.	
May 16 2008 	River location but not always a river view!	With a hotel located only a few yards from the Thames, you might well think you would be enjoying a wonderful view of the river and nearby Houses of Parliament; not the case I’m afraid, with the most views being of a wall of windows or a busy railway track. Fortunately for me, having read Trip Advisor members’ reviews, I was prepared for my view of the ‘wall of windows’; however, as it was only for one night and my boss was paying, it was not a real issue for me. That aside, the hotel does have a wonderful ambience, feeling spacious and clean. My standard double room was well decorated with all the usual facilities you would expect from a 4 star establishment. The lighting was especially imaginative with strong orange lighting over the heavily netted window. The separate shower and bath was a nice touch of luxury and the large bed was extremely comfortable. There were some disappointments: there was virtually no hot water at 7.30 am which made my morning shower a chilly affair! The plates at breakfast were cold and so my scrambled egg ended up at the same temperature as my shower. The TV remote control did not work. Also, as is usual, the Minibar was exorbitantly priced with a can of coke priced at £2.50 and a Mars bar at £1.50! I probably would not stay at this hotel again unless I could be guaranteed a river view (or someone else was paying).	
May 15 2008 	Really Ropey - what a shame	Booked this on lastminute as an executive room but then found out on check in that had to pay an extra 35 quid - rip off and stress ful. Had issues with room service not arriving, check in being 30 minutes delay - meaning we ate in the restaurant only to find in our room there was a ticket for a 25% discount! Rang reception to sort out a problem with the minibar - my husband moved some things around but you get charged if you touch stuff, but on check out found out they'd done nothing - and another time we rang for something and again were lied to.Then we arranged a late check out only to have a cleaner barge in and tap her watch angrily at us. To add insult to injury the receptionist then said she would make sure we had some compensation and haven't received a thing!They lie. They're rude.Don't go here or go being prepared to complain loudly. I wouldn't have posted this but they didn't even get in touch with our compensation - I think that's appalling service.Go to Novotel they're much better.	
May 14 2008 	Good Value Weekend Rate	Good value hotel 5 - 10mins walk from Westminster and Waterloo. Probably a 4*, with decent sized rooms and bathrooms, all furnished well with Wifi in the rooms.We booked the &quot;Enjoy the Weekend&quot; rate which was around £120 for a superior room, continental breakfast, late checkout and free bottle of wine. Room very clean, breakfast was varied and fresh (we paid a £4 upgrade to full English). I would recommend that you include breakfast in the rate, as it is very expensive at £13.50/£17.50 for continental/ English.Only small downside is the lack of nearby tube station. The Victoria line was suspended when we visited so could not use Vauxhall, but I think even this station is 10 mins away. We had to walk along the South Bank in very warm weather with bags (but to be fair, it is a lovely walk past the London Eye and Houses of Parliament and we could have got a taxi). Otherwise, absolutely no complaints.	
May 8 2008 	Nice hotel great staff fantastic restaurant	This hotel was booked for me as a surprise birthday present and turned out to be a very pleasant surprise indeed.We had a superior room which was very nice with a very comfortable bed (although i wasnt a fan of the very squishy pillows - but that may just be me!). The bathroom was lovely and spotlessly clean, as was the rest of the room. We didnt have much of a view though - only of the train tracks, although the train noise was very minimal.The only complaint regarding the room was that the air conditioning didnt seem to be working, and even when we turned it down to the lowest setting it still blasted out warm-ish air. After calling reception about this they sent an engineer up within 5 minutes which was impressive (at 1am as well), but after taking a look he mumbled something about the main powerplant and said he would go and sort it out - which he obviously never did because the problem was still there. This was temporarily solved by the engineer opening a window for us - which i am sure is against many H&amp;S guidelines as we were on the 7th floor, and also meant that train noise increased. This wasnt really a major problem for us though as we were barely in the room - out seeing shows etc, in the hotel restaurant/bar etc. But if we had been spending most of the time in there it would have made much more of an impact because the room was too warm most of the time.The best part of the hotel is the restaurant, which is also open to outside guests. It is fairly expensive - around £20ish for a dish, but well worth a visit with the headchef there having previously been the head chef at Nobu. We received a 25% off voucher for a meal in our room which was a nice touch, and that combined with excellent food and fantastic service - the staff were attentive without being overbearing - made for a very enjoyable meal.This hotel is definately worth its 4 star rating and has a great location, and if we hadnt experienced the air con problems i would have def rated it a 5.	
May 4 2008 	Noisy	Booked hotel as part of a lastmin.com package deal with theatre tickets.I booked this as a surprise few days in London for my partner’s birthday.Room was nice and the room service staffs were very friendly.The reception staffs were not very friendly they just seemed like they didn’t want to help you. The noise pollution was unreal both of us could not sleep properly for 2 nights! For the price of £249.00 it should have been stated before booking!!!!!The position of the hotel was good but as you only stay here to sleep not impressed.	
May 3 2008 	Not the best hotel in London......	We booked and paid for our stay online, and we wanted a room with the view facing the River Thames, so this seemed like the perfect hotel. When we arrived, we gave our confirmation to the reception guy, who informed us that the room we booked was not available!He told us he would upgrade us to a better room, free of charge, which we thought was good.When we got to our room, we looked out of the window to find we were only about 10 feet from the mainline railway tracks....Even with the TV blaring, we could still hear the trains going past every 5-15 minutes, which was very noisy. also, whenever anybody used the hot water, we had a high pitched noise going right through the room! Needless to say, we had an almost sleepless night with the trains going past, and not very relaxing as we would of hoped for.We would not go back to stay there again !! If anybody is booking this hotel online, I would urge them to be very wary, as they may not get the room they pay for.	
May 1 2008 	River view suite	I initially made my booking for this hotel through last minute.com. The price for 2 rooms seemed very reasonable and although the hotel was at a secret location the reviews looked good. Upon being given the details of the hotel I checked there regular prices and was suitably pleased, however this booking seemed to fall outside there guaranteed lowest price online guarantee.Prior to our arrival at the hotel we upgraded our room from an exec double to a suite with a river view. We were charged £100 by the hotel for this upgrade. I have to say I was very impressed with the room and view. The suite comprised of a large lounge area with desk, sofa, flat screen TV (although a little small for the room size) and plenty of other bits an peices. The view through the floor to ceiling window really was a treat. There was then a seperate bedroom with another TV and plenty of storage space. The bathroom had everything you would expect for a hotel bathroom. Our friend also stayed in the hotel and it is worth noting that he got an upgrade from the standard (Superior) double to an exec double. It should be noted however that these are exactly the same rooms but some extras are the reason for the £35 upgrade charge. For this you received bathrobes and some bits and bobs for the room. You also got breakfast included and access to the executive lounge.The hotel itself was very pleasant and the breakfast really good. I took the advice I had previously seen on here and eat downstairs. The access and additional feature of access to the executive lounge was a bit of a let down. The room is fairly small, doesn't have any view of the city that you would want. The complimentary drinks offer was only between 6pm and 8pm and the snacks were few and far between. All drinks however were served by the dedicated waiter although I suspect this may be to stop those wishing to get there monies worth of drinks.We did use the hotel valet parking and although not advertised there is a £26 a night fee for this. In summary I have to say it really was a great stay and I would recommend it to others. If you can manage the extra fee for the river views it really is a treat.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great Concierge services.	Great Concierge service....Thanks Thom.	
Apr 13 2008 	Be careful where they stick you!	Having just returned from a virtually sleepless Saturday night I feel sufficiently moved to write a review. Don't get me wrong, it's a very nice hotel, impressive reception, smiling staff (although I'd like to see how they justify a £17.50 breakfast, but I digress) - just watch out which room they give you!We thought that our luck was in when we were upgraded to a suite (room 303) - how wrong could you be...As you will note on the maps, there are six lanes of railway tracks directly behind the hotel, and the woeful sound insulation in our suite made us feel like we were attempting to bed down in the middle of St Pancreas station. The trains clatter on until about 11pm, and start again relentlessly at 5.45am - even earplugs didn't drown out the clatter. Seriously, I am not overstating how loud the trains were.My partner and I had paid for this hotel through Lastminute as part of a theatre deal and if I had paid full price for a suite I would be demanding my money back.You have been warned!	
Apr 8 2008	A Nice Hotel	Located on the bank of the Thames River, it has a terrific view of Big Ben and Parliament on the other side. The rooms are small by american standards but ALL rooms are small in the UK. The hotel does feature 3 restaurants- one in the bar and another 2 off the lobby. The location is a bit far from the crowds and touristy places but cabs and buses will quickly get you wherever you want to go. It is clean and quiet with very helpful staff.	
Apr 7 2008	Woke up with flea bites!	This was our second stay at the Park Plaza. We were very impressed the first time around with the huge suite we were given and beautiful bathroom. It was a fantastic deal too at only £100 through lastminute.com.However, this time, we were left sorely disappointed. We decided to pay slightly more and upgrade to an executive room (which included a full English breakfast) but what a mistake that turned out to be. The room was half the size, had four or five ciggarette burns in the carpet, a broken toilet seat and a very unattractive view of the railway track.We tried to make the best of it and did have an ok(ish) time until the following morning.....however, when we both woke up we were covered in flea bites! We are not really the type to complain but both felt that the amount of money we had paid, together with the poor condition of the room and the flea bites did warrant enough of a reason to highlight this to the reception staff. The person we spoke to initially didn't say too much but advised the Guest Relations Manager would come and speak to us. Half an hour later, she turned up and said she had sent a colleague to check the room - almost implying we had made it up. My boyfriend then showed his bites and I did too and there wasn't really much they could say. As we had pre-paid through lastminute.com, we were not allowed a refund on the hotel bill but they did waive our parking charge and discount our room service bill by 50%. I was fairly disappointed with this as I felt our complaint hadn't really been taken that seriously. We were also offered a free upgrade the next time we stay, however, I think that the likelihood of us going back is pretty low!All in all, a good hotel, if you get the right room with a decent view but I think the majority of rooms need a big upgrade along with the hotels staff.	
Mar 27 2008 	An excellent time was had in an excellent hotel	I was lucky enough to stay at the Park Plaza hotel over the bank holiday Monday during the Easter period. I stayed there with my girlfriend for our first anniversary. We were lucky to stay in this hotel as we paid for it through lastminute.com through the mystery hotel section. We paid for 1 night's accomodation in a suite for £75 and it was worth every penny. Unfortunately we didn't have good views out of our window as we faced the railway track rather than being on the opposite side of the hotel which faces the houses of parliament and the river Thames. On occasion we did hear the trains passing by however this didn't cause too much of a disturbance to us. We used the hotel as a base to explore London. The hotel is a 10 minute walk to the houses of Parliament and approximately the same to the London Eye. The underground system is in easy walk ing distance from the hotel and is a very convenient way of exploring what London has to offer. The hotel was amazing value for money at £75 for the night. I would stretch to £90 for the night at this hotel, anymore and I think it would be hard to justify. The breakfasts and food items on the menu seem over priced and not worth shelling out for when you consider that there are hundreds of eating establishments in central London. For the business user I could see this as a perfect hotel to stay in. For personal use it is very good and of a high standard although a little pricey if you have to pay the full asking price.	
Mar 27 2008 	Eggcellent	Stayed for 4 nights over the Easter weekend. Got a great rate of £79 room only plus taxes with the hotel. Checking in and out was seamless, didn't have much interaction with the staff other than that. Very close to Vauxhall Station which makes everything within easy reach; once you have your oyster card, you can spend all day on the underground. As mentioned the Victoria Line closes around 10pm but any night were out late we got a taxi for less than £10 from Leicester Square/Piccadilly. The walk along the river embankment is very nice and well worthwhile if you don't mind stretching your legs.Hotel room was modern, comfortable &amp; spacious and with a slight river view which is probably as much as you get without upgrading. Large bathroom with separate shower and bath. Room included mini bar, safe, iron &amp; ironing board, hair-dryer etc. Both were spotless on arrival and everyday on our return no matter how much of a mess we'd made!I wouldn't classify this as a touristy hotel, but then it's great to escape from the crowds in the evening after battling them all day. However given the friendliness of the staff I'm sure they would be able to help with any requests.	
Mar 26 2008 	Ok base for city break	This is a modern hotel situated about 5 minutes from Vauxhall tube station, I got a good deal through lastminute.com, not sure if I would pay the goign rate for thsi hotel.Check in was appaling, very slow and un-organised, everything seemed to take ages. The rooms are actually quite nice, but make sure you dont get a room at the back of the hotel. These rooms face on to the main line to Waterloo and it gets very noisy until quite late at night. Our room had an LCD TV , the internet access is via a seperate handset which is a complete waste of time, pages dont fit on the screen correclty and the keypad is so slow, dont waste your money on this, use and internet cafe in town.Dining, the menu was ok if you like Pan Asian food, its not that cheap but inline with hotel prices in London, we didnt use the restaurant as chose to eat out. The Portuguese restaurant near the garage is amazing and well worth a visit. You can catch a No.3 bus into the city or walk to the tube.Overall its an average hotel a little isolated from the city, but it doesnt take long to get there, ideally situated for the London eye	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Hotel	Booked with Lastminute.com for the Easter Holidays. Had a great weekend. Stayed in Executive room, great extras.Couldn't fault the hotel. Good location with bus number 77 stopping right outside which takes you as far as Waterloo. Friendly and helpful staff. Would stay here again.	
Mar 24 2008 	Very nice hotel	My husband and I stayed for 10 days at the Riverbank Park Plaza during our Honeymoon to London. The lobby is beautifully appointed and the staff seemed very friendly. Hotel has a restaurant and very interesting-looking bar with contemporary décor. The hotel room was smaller than many American hotel standards, but was spacious by European standards. The en suite bathroom was well kept and spacious, but did lack extensive counter space for toiletries. The room itself was very attractive, with one exception – visibly stained carpet. Aside from that, the room seemed clean and was comfortable after we acclimated to the more compact size of London hotels. A few points for American travelers to keep in mind – we learned this the hard way – there is no clock, alarm or otherwise, in the hotel room. Apparently, that is common in Europe. Take a travel clock with you. On a positive note for the American traveler, a few US standard outlets were included in the room! While there was a hairdryer included in the room, it has a button that must be firmly and continuously pressed to run it. I found that made it very difficult to maneuver for styling and I ended up buying a regular one at a local drug store. Neither my husband nor I cared for the room service food, however, we paid a little extra for a package that included breakfast on the executive level. The breakfast was pretty good and included enough options to satisfy just about anyone from continental options to hot eggs and sausage. We were disappointed in the way the hotel handled WIFI access. You were required to pay extra for access and it was limited to one hour per day. The hotel sits right on the Themes with some views of Lambeth Bridge and Parliament. 10-15 minute walk to Vauxhall tube station was fairly convenient for public transportation within London. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would return to the Riverbank Park Plaza!	
Mar 19 2008 	park plaza	spent a night here...certainly a nice hotel but they push the &quot;near houses of parliament&quot; tag a bit much .While it is quite close to parliament,I doubt many roooms have the view of the houses of parliament that appear on their website and in their literature in the rooms,ours certainly did not,we had a view over eight railway lines.Luckily we only stayed saturday night.I would imagine that weekday noise from trains would result in early awakenings.I think they started about 0600 hrs on the sunday we were there.Other than that we had to ask twice for the complimentary wine which we were meant to get.We had no problem with the very good quality of the hotel,ordered room service which was good.£7.60 for two pints of lager including a service charge (thought that was a bit cheeky) ....Would certainly consider a stay at this chain of hotels again	
Mar 17 2008 	Wonderful Views	Stayed here after a late night meeting in Westminster. Its a 10 minute walk across Lambeth Bridge from the House of Commons. Easy to find from the directions provided although the hotel signage is low key at night.I didn't check in before the meeting so arrived late (11:30) pm only to be told there were no more doubles. For a nanosecond I thought they might taxi me to their sister hotel at County Hall but instead they upgraded me to a 9th floor river view suite.The view was excellent across the river to the House of Lords/Commons, Big Ben and (just about) the London Eye. The suite was first rate, very contemporary and spacious. TVs and DVDs in the lounge and bedroom. Bathrobes, slippers, full sized wardrobes, iron and ironing board, tea and coffee making, lots of free TV channels. The bathroom was also excellent and sacrificed function for form with a bath and separate shower in a black polished granite design and lots of free toiletries including shoe polishers, combs, razors, toothbrushes etc.Breakfast in the morning was included in the rate although it was served in the Club Lounge, a subterranean affair with no natural light and a buffet on par with Holiday Inn Express. It was quite busy with business travellers and looked a bit understaffed although the staff worked hard to keep everyone supplied with coffee etc.Fast and accurate check-in and check out. First class experience provided you can pay for teh river view. Otherwise you can only hope for an upgrade!	
Mar 11 2008 	Great hotel comfortable and helpful staff	Just returned from a business trip to London and stayed at the Park Plaza (March 2 - March 8, 2008). Overall, I really enjoyed the hotel. Very clean, bed was comfortable, room had everything I needed and was even very spacious. Bathroom was spacious as well with separate tub from shower. Only downfall I can state was minor and that was the shower drainedd extreemely slow almost to the point of spilling over the edge. Staff was helpful and very accomodating, especially since they let me into my room at 7:00 am when I checked in (arrived at LHR at 6:00 am) I would definitely recommend this hotel.Pros: Clean, spacious, comfortable and a very helpful staff.Cons: non really...Other things to note. Closest tube stop is about 5-10 minute walk. The hotel website says Waterloo is the closest station however the closest station is Vauxhall. Waterloo is more like 15-20 minute walk away. And the Vauxhall stop is on the Victoria Line which currently shuts down at 10:30 pm, so if you're out later than that and want to get back, you might be stuck with a cab.Buses can be caught right in front of the hotel as well.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great Price for Weekend Stay - Fabulous Location!	We were fortunate enough to escape to London for a few days in February 2008, and got a great deal on this hotel! We paid just under $150 per night (including taxes) which we thought was a steal given the location and amenities.The doorman, Stephen, was fantastic to us! He gave us lots of tips on things to enjoy in the area, and really helped us make the most of our short visit.Our room was clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was modern and roomy. Even though our value-priced room was on the back side of the hotel, we didn't hear anything at night (i.e. trains) from our 9th floor room.The check-in experience was great for us, but I felt sorry for the couple checking-in next to us. Their agent wasn't nearly as helpful or polite as ours! We arrived around 11am, and they were able to put us right in our non-smoking room as requested. Bonus!We didn't eat at the restaurant (I was stunned breakfast for two would be 25 pounds), but there are lots of choices nearby. If you head out the front doors and go left, there is a great pub a few minutes away called The Rose. They have decent food, a nice atmosphere, and it is filled with locals which is nice. Also, it's very reasonably priced.If you walk out of the hotel doors and head to your immediate right, there is a small grocery store with fresh bread, snacks, beer, wine and incidentals. Quite convenient!We were but a 10-minute walk to the London Eye, very near lots of sites and attractions, and close to the tube. All-in-all, a great location!Beware, the tube is running on a greatly reduced schedule with many lines and stops closed on the weekend. We had quite an adventure getting home one night!We had a great experience here, and for the price would highly recommend it to others.Cheers!D	
Mar 10 2008 	great stay	we stayed on saturday 8th march 2008 in 3 double rooms.i booked it very last minute directly with the hotel.i had shortlisted the hotel but hadn`t booked as it was slightly above our price range so i rang the hotel directly and they gave us a rate of £101 per room including continental b/f, a bottle of wine per room and late checkout.(i explained we were all celebrating our anniversaries)the hotel is directly over the road from the thames and from outside you can see westminster / london eye.only executive rooms have this view,we read reviews about it being near a train track so i requested quiet rooms and we had room 710, 725 and 727.they explained our room 725 was slightly larger and it certainly was a better sized room and it had the addition of a settee and table and if you looked to thwe left you could see the river.when we arrived we were told the rooms would be ready at 12 but we went off to shop and returned at 2 anyway.as you go out the hotel entrance you turn left to the nearest tube,vauxhall,which took us 4 to 5 mins to walk to.not a pleasant looking area,just roads,a garage a couple of small shops and a motorbike shop.entrance and lobby very nice,very helpful and friendly concierge,check in quick,rooms are quited neutral colours but everything was spotlessly clean ( i work as a wedding planner and housekeeper so i am known for being over fussy) but i couldn`t find any fault in any of the rooms.within a minute of us going in someone came with a very nice bottle of wine and glasses.bed very very comfy,shower cubicle separate to bath was so clean i didn`t even see the one side - it looked like it was open.all black slate and marble with trendy style sink etc, and white towels and chrome fittings.lighting was good.only gripes ? the hotel is very very close to another building that looked like apartments and you were directly opposite them although there were blackout curtains which was private at night but the bathroom was facing the window and had slightly opaque frosted large doors so had to close curtains on that end of room (windows were floor to ceiling and our room being slightly bigger they were also the whole side of the one wall which was nice.one other thing is we should have asked for 2 key cards as you have to keep it in to keep lights on so when i was in bath,hubby went to one of the other rooms to get me something andtook the card with him as i wouldn`t be able to let him back in but it meant the lights went off ! overall would stay again and recommend.oh and the breakfast room was in the basement which is a shame as i`m sure they could have put it on a floor facing the river to make the most of the view but this room has no windows but was extremely pleasant and clean with very nice selection and was buffet style so we were able to have as much as we wanted.	
Mar 4 2008 	Good City Centre Hotel	I stayed here for one night mid-week on a business trip. The hotel was in a handy location for me and the room was lovely. Bed was very comfortable, breakfast fine, service and staff very good. I wasn't in the hotel very long - perhaps 12 hours in total (6 or 7 of which were spent sleeping) so I didn't eat dinner in the hotel or relax in the bar but the bar looked quite inviting and funky. All in all a very pleasant stay. I would stay in this hotel again.	
Mar 4 2008 	Good hotel good location	I stayed at the Riverbank Park Plaza 13-15 February on a business trip, along with a colleague. I was very impressed with the hotel and would certainly recommend it. The location was ideal for our course in a building close to the houses of Parliament.We arrived early on the Wednesday and the hotel stored our baggage for us whilst we attended our course. When we returned in the evening check in was smooth and my colleague was able to request a smoking room.The room itself was lovely. It had everything required, including a safe and was kept clean and tidy. The bed was very comfortable and the shower was heavenly. Complimentary toiletries were replenished as I used them. We were lucky enough to have rooms that were not at the back of the building overlooking the railway line. Guests that stayed in these rooms complained of the constant noise.There was a variety of choice for breakfast (I believe we had the full breakfast option as opposed to the continental style). Fruit, yogurts, pastries, cereals, cooked breakfast etc.We did not eat at the restaurant as we had been warned the food was overpriced. Instead we walked both nights to the Leicester Square/China town/Piccadilly circus area. The walk was very pleasant along the river and passed some well known tourist attractions. Even for someone like me who does not like walking, it was within a reasonable distance.Overall, a very pleasant stay and I would certainly return.	
Mar 3 2008 	We love the restaurant	We have stayed several times at the hotel and simply love it. We have used it for business and for weekend stays. It is a modern, very chic hotel with a super service and one of the best restaurants (Chino Latino Brasserie) we have eaten at in London. This is very unusul - a hotel restaurant that has a really super top kitchen. The rooms are spacy with comfortable beds, and if you have booked a river facing room, the view is spectacular. You can keep track of time on Big Ben and see the lights along the river. The service really is excellent, professional and friendly and the decoration is modern and a cross-over of modern Europe and Asian style. We will most certainly come back - the situation is excellent and we feel very welcome.	
Mar 1 2008 	Not bad but Executive supplement questionable	Having got a cheapie flight we spent one night here whilst taking in a show.We paid for the Executive upgrade which I'm really not sure is worth the money - the exclusive executive lounge is a bit bland and the only refreshments are on offer are tea and coffee. (The free wine is only available 6 to 8 when most people will be out!). We had to have our breakfast in the main restaurant as the executive lounge was full.Good hotel and I can't complain about it but as I say not sure the Executive supplement is worth while.	
Feb 29 2008	Nice hotel but very pricey	Just returned from the hotel, attended a conference and in all honesty it would not have been my choice to stay there as it's pricy, there are alternatives I would have used if I had the opportunity. The hotel is what you expect for this level of cost, clean, tidy and decorated in a Japanese theme, breakfast is very good but you expect that to be for £20. Food in the restaurant was pretentious and too expensive and nothing very special, beer was overpriced and limited to a tasteless Japanese brew.Only real positive attribute were the staff, courteous and extremely friendly.	
Feb 28 2008 	Hotel could not do enough for us	I booked this hotel as it was new, it seemed very clean from the images and the trip was for a special occasion.From the moment I contacted the hotel to ask what they could do to help make this occasion special, I knew I'd made the right choice. They came back immediately with package options and were very friendly in correspondence.When we got there, we were greeted by very friendly check in staff and when we arrived in the room, there was a hand written card wishing a happy birthday from the manager and a bottle of wine. This personal touch was very welcoming. We rang down for a corkscrew and a hotel member of staff was there quickly, also asking if they could be anymore help.When we went for dinner at the hotel restaurant later that night, the waiter we had could not do enough for us either, even arranging a small little cake and sparkler, free of charge. Then he proceeded to seat us on a sofa in the main bar and take our wine and glasses there. The service was amazing.Overall and coupled with the late check out as requested, I have to say that this hotel has the best service I have been to so far, from correspondence, check in, to check out, they could not have done enough. I have been to a lot of countries and stayed in a lot of hotels, but I will definitely be coming back to this one	
Feb 18 2008 	OK	We had high expectations of this hotel but to be quite honest it was just a mediocre hotel. The first room we were given was still being serviced (even though we checked in way after the 2pm check in time). The next room we were given was ok but little things like the hair dryer was missing (which we had to wait ages to get a replacement). The hotel is quite a distance from the true hustle and bustle of London although the tubes made it fairly easy. Not that easy to find from Vauxhall station (unless you know London very well). Exiting the station with the bus station in front you need to take a right and this is Albert embankment. The hotel is about 500 m along the road.	
Feb 3 2008 	Amazing Experience!	I had the most pleasant stay at the Park Plaza Riverbank Hotel in London just recently. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel; everything was perfect from check-in to check-out, especially the staff! What a great crew! I arrived an hour prior to regular check-in times, yet they were very friendly and accommodating, taking care of my luggage while I went for a walk in the nearby area. The doorman was exceptionally friendly and chatty, giving great tips on where to go. (Very nice neighborhood, clean and safe.) I made my reservation directly with the hotel website, and opted to upgrade to one of their Executive rooms with a river view, something I certainly recommend to avoid the not so great view of the backside. And how this payed off! The front desk set me up in room 1045, with the most spectacular views of Houses of parliament, Big Ben, the river Thames and the London Eye. It could not have been any better! The room was spotless, spacious and very inviting and modern. Moodlights in the floor- to ceiling-windows really gave a fantastic ambient atmosphere at night, and again the view at night was even more awesome. The Media Centre was easy to use, with movies available on demand (surcharge) a varied choice of popular international and domestic tv-channels and music on demand, every genre available. And what comfortable beds! Also note there was a pillow-menu, great feature!The bath was also large and bright, with separate shower and tub. Also in the Executive package were nice amenities such as vanity kits, combs, soaps etc. Room service was fantastic, and it took no more than 15 minutes to receive a well prepared and tasty dish at a reasonable price. The woman who brought it over was again a great example of the friendly staff, all being genuinely interested in the well-being of their guests, something you don't often come across these days. Also, your television comes equipped with a keyboard to surf the net or check your mail, but it might be a bit tricky to get used to. If you would rather want a real computer, their business centre located on the lower level is absolutely outstanding with everything you need and great assistance from staff. All in all I cannot recommend a better hotel in this area. Some people have found the distance to the tube a bit lengthy, yet you still FEEL as if you're in the very centre of all the action and come on, it's only a ten minute walk:) I will definitely stay at this hotel on my next visit to London!	
Jan 29 2008 	Disappointed	Stayed here just for 1 night in January 2008. I stayed here on the back of some good reviews from colleagues, but to be honest I was disappointed. Check-in was fine, a huge reception area adjoining the Chino Latino restaurant. My room was on the 2nd floor right on the corner of Albert Embankment and a side street. First impressions were tainted by two single beds, I was looking forward to a double. The TV didn't work and I had to call for assistance, which to be fair was quick and sorted the problem (cable had dropped out of the rear). The bathroom had a light which stayed on continuously (why!?) and I failed to find a 2-pin shaver socket! Heating is controlled from a wall console and is efficient. Room was clean and tidy, no trouser press but an iron and ironing board in the wardrobe. Tea and coffee provided but no biscuits. Beds were comfortable but the night was spoiled by the noise. Trains at the back and the London Fire Brigade live next door. If you are a trainspotting, fire engine enthusiast you will love it. I did not eat in the restaurant but chose room service. This was efficient but with a 30 minute wait. They even phoned me up to advise on progress and when it came it looked very nice. Unfortunately the meal was served on an icy cold plate which soon turned the entire meal cold. Bar prices are a scream, but the Rose (down the road) is nice. Don't be tempted to walk beyond the Tinworth Street bridge and into the park area. (Mugging Central.) Main roads are fine. Breakfast takes place in the basement. The room is light but no nice views of London to start the day. I had been told this was a really great breakfast selection, but the City Inn across the river knocks spots off this. I asked for tea, got a nice china teapot - with just hot ater and some tea bags. Strange. No offer of toast, you have to help yourself by the look of things. Food was fine, but nothing outstanding. Check out was quick and plenty of cabs outside. As for the walk to Vauxhall Tube, its only about 10 minutes. The walk takes you past the Madeira Cafe, which is a far better option for breakfast! Good honest food at sensible prices. If you have the option of a hotel to stay in, go the the Westminster City Inn. It's much better honestly.	
Jan 29 2008 	Not the best for a 4 star hotel!	My mother and i stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in November, it was chosen through the travel agent we booked through. For a 4* hotel i would of expected the room to be clean when we got there, there was a rolled up pair of men's socks under the bed - these remainded there until we left! The staff were very rude and expecially 'Steven@ in the dining hall for breakfast, was very very rude on the last day of our stay. The prices for a drink in the hotel were outrageous - for a bicardi and coke and JD and coke we were paying £20 were in the pub (the rose) down the road we paid £12. Would not reccommend this hotel for people.	
Jan 24 2008 	Impressive	Modern hotel with all usual facilites. Good oriental restuarant and lively residents bar.	
Jan 20 2008 	nice and expensive!	Stayed here for two nights, Friday and Saturday nights, and was very impressed with the surroundings and the ambience. The hotel rooms are well appointed and the beds are very comfortable. Ta and Coffee making facilities are within the room and are regularly replenished. The rooms at the rear of the hotel overlook a main railway into the nearby Waterloo station and those rooms can be noisy if you are on a lower floor.Had a few drinks in the bar and for 1 lager and 1 Southern Comfort it was £12, so if you are watching the pennies then drink elsewhere! There is a pub to the left of the hotel as you exit the front door called The Rose which was quite nice for a few drinks.For two nights, room only I paid £230, breakfast is an extra £14 pernight per person.The location of the hotel is on the opposite bank from the Houses of Parliament and about a 10 minute walk from Big Ben.	
Jan 16 2008 	Very comfortable	Stayed here for one week in September 2005. Very modern hotel on the Albert Embankment overlooking the River Thames. Nice view of Parliament and Big Ben. Very clean and comfortable room. The DVD player was a nice extra. Very friendly staff. The only minus here is that it is a bit of a walk to the nearest Underground station at Vauxhall.	
Jan 15 2008 	Wonderful View of Houses of Parliament	Last time we stayed here we were next to a noisy lift shaft and they offered us an upgrade this time to compensate. We had one of their 'Riverview Suites' which had a phenomenal view of the Thames, Houses of Parliament and Big Ben from the 9th floor. There was a large comfortable sitting room, big bedroom, contemporary bathroom, all the usual trimmings with executive package (bathrobes, fruit, bottled water), TV/DVD/internet etc. The breakfast was fine and we could have also had complimentary drinks and nibbles in the Executive Lounge pre-dinner which is a nice touch. So, no complaints at all this time, we had a lovely weekend. The hotel is walking distance from Parliament Square, Tate Britain, London Eye etc, and buses to the West End which take about 15 minutes. One good tip if you're on a budget or don't want to eat in the hotel - there is an excellent Portuguese cafe and restaurant a few minutes walk away at Vauxhall (under the railway arches) where you can eat generous portions of delicious food (including wonderful cakes and pastries baked on the premises) in a friendly atmosphere for a very reasonable price.	
Jan 13 2008 	Excellent stay at the Park Plaza Riverbank	Had a great stay in January 2008 - good location near to Vauxhall tube station, but close enough to walk over the bridge where all the action is.Check-in, check-out, and general customer service was excellent. Standard of room was superb, extremely clean and high-quality.After reading reviews about the noise of trains, I made a request on my booking to be as far away from the railway line as possible. The hotel was accommodating, and we received a room to the side overlooking an apartment building. It is my understanding that you need at least an Executive Room to have a river view. From our room location we were not disturbed by the trains at all.My only complaint was that if you didn't fancy Asian food in Chino Latino, you were stuck because the other restaurant was shut that day without any warning (menus were still displayed in the hotel lobby). I suspect this is not a regular occurence.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great view from Suites	Just spent weekend in one of their suites overlooking the Thames. Big Ben and Houses of Parliament floodlit- every London tourist's dream view and you can walk there in 10 minutes. Vauxhall tube is 10 minutes the other way and I was in Oxford street in 30 minutes.Agree about the big beds-very comfy but bathroom nothing special- I do NOT want to see myself in a huge mirror whilst on the toilet and then not be able to put makeup on as lighting is not good enough. Nowhere to hang smalls either as washer drier no good would melt them. That saying the self catering area is well equipped and good quality kit.Continental breakfast not very exciting for the money so I will bring my own stuff next time. Noticed a convenience store a few doors away too. Not a sushi etc fan so would pass on the restaurant. Plenty of other lovely places in London if you do some research anyway.Soundproofing quite good compared to most London hotels and even a country mouse like me could sleep. Great base for a weekend or few days in the capital if you can get a good rate.	
Jan 6 2008 	Lovely Hotel!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Park plaza for a night a week ago. It's a nice clean hotel as soon as you enter. The staff were nice and helpful, and conceierge looked after our luggage whilst we had a drink in the bar before checking into our room. The room we had was a great size and came with beautiful furnishings. The room had an en-suite clean bathroom with both bath and separate shower cubicle.Overall our stay at the hotel was very pleasant, I would stay there again!!	
Jan 3 2008 	Park Plaza?? Impressed.	My wife and I recently came up to London for the night to see Swimming with Sharks, starring Christian Slater, which was absolutely brilliant in case anyone is thinking of going. So we decided that rather than try to get a late train home, we would stay in a hotel for the night.The hotel we tried was called the Riverbank Park Plaza. The Park Plaza chain we have tried before and were quite impressed, so we hoped it would be as good if not better.Upon arrival at the hotel, we were immediately impressed. It was in a lovely location overlooking the houses of parliament, Big Ben, and the River Thames.The Lobby was large and clean, and the staff were very friendly and helpful. After check in we were given the key to our room, and made our way up. As we entered the room, we were a little dismayed, as the bed was all messed up, and not made, and there were used glasses scattered around the bedside tables, as though the room was still occupied. We went back down and explained to the check in staff, and they could not be more apologetic, and sorted us out another room immediately, which thankfully this time was very nice.The rooms are spacious, and clean, and the bathroom is a very good size too. You have a t.v., internet access, and a dvd player in your room if you wish to use them.After we got back from the show that night, we decided to try the bar in the hotel as it looked lovely when we walked passed it upon arriving. The decor was beautifully done, and it had a very cosy feel to it, with a good variety of drinks on the menu. The only criticism I do have with it though, is that, as you would expect in London, the drinks were not cheap, but they also put on a service charge to bring your drinks over, which I feel is a little harsh considering that is actually there job anyway. However, that said, The bar was very pleasant.Check out could not have been easier really, and they were quite happy to let us leave out luggage at the hotel after check out, while we went shopping for a few hours, all of which was no extra charge.Overall I think the hotel was good, and I would recommend the Park Plaza chain, as this was our second successful one.	
Jan 2 2008 	One of the best	I stayed at the Riverbank for New years Eve, and day. I would have loved to stay longer. As the branch Manager of a UK independant travel agency. I have become very critical over the years of some five star establishments. I have to say The Park Plaza Riverbank, it up there on my top lhotels list. This beautiful aprt hotel has a warm and welcoming feel. The staff warm and genuine. The rooms excellent. If I had a couple of extra days off work I would have stayed. In fact I came home and tried to rebook for the same dates this year. However the rates are not yet released, for this period.This five star establishment, would suit anyone looking to feel comfortable with, but have the five luxury. I have stayed at a couple of the Park Plaza hotels and too date not have let me down. Well Park Plaza for getting things rightShirley O'Connor	
Jan 1 2008 	Not a bad choice	Staff is nice and helpful, as they allowed me to check-in early at 7:00am. From the hotel lobby to the room, I can really rate the hotel's cleanliness as excellent. Room is at reasonable size, looked like newly decorated and, the most important thing, no bad smell 'coz many hotels in London are really old. Hotel is a little bit away from the tube station, but it's only less than 15 minutes walk from Vauxhall station, or a few bus stops ride from both Vauxhall or Waterloo station. For the breakfast, both continental and full English breakfast is available, but I would recommend the full English one, as having some hot things in the morning always makes a day much better. On my check-out, helpful staffs again, as I was allowed to check-out at 5:00pm. Given the reasonable price, modern lobby, clean room and nice breakfast, it would be a lovely choice for my next possible stay in London.	
Dec 23 2007	nice hotel	Originally booked for Park Plaza County Hall which wasn't finished and transfered to this hotel. We got a good deal at County Hall which they honoured.After reading reviews on tripadvisor we were worried about getting a noisy room, so we emailed and asked for a quiet room, which we got ( We also got upgraded to an exec room, with a partial river view)The Hotel was in a good position, within easy walking distance of Vauxhall, and Westminster Bridge. It had a small convenience shop next door.The room was a good size, with a dvd player, and a good sized bathroom .There was no razor point in the bathroom, but housekeeping brought an adapter up for us.Staff were helpfulBreakfast was a buffet, and you had to ask for fried eggs, which were cooked to order. It was very nice.	
Dec 15 2007 	Suprisingly good service/location	I've booked an overnight stay at Park Plaza Riverside and was very pleased with the service. I arrived with my partner and queried about overnight car park and this was dealt promptly.The check-in was pleasant and quick. The staff were very friendly and informative and we were upgraded to a 'riverside view' room for free but to be honest you would really have to look for that elusive river-view among the building/apartment opposite the window. Setting that aside, the room was very clean and modern. I was suprised to see the twin beds were placed side-by-side as to make a double bed (I was later told that this was a common practice) which made sleeping a bit uncomfortable.The hotel is a 5-min walk to Vauxhall Tube Station and you can also catch a bus just outside the hotel. There's also a service station down the road for snacks and drinks.Overall, I was very pleased with my visit and would stay there again next time I'm in London.	
Dec 12 2007	One of the best hotels i have stayed at!!	What a fantastic hotel!!I stay in hotels at least 3 days a week around the country every week and this hotel without doubt is in my top 3 of the best places i have stayed.The staff were exceptional and the room breathtaking. i was upgraded to a suite over looking the river. Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful!!!I really really recommend this hotel!!	
Dec 8 2007	black mold found	My mother and I took our very first trip to London in September. Our second day there we both started getting sick with a fever. The third day I couldn't get out of bed and ended up going to St. Thomas emergency room where I was diagnosed with a severe case of sinunitis. I was put on antibiotics. My mom was still sick but wasn't seen the same night. We we returned to our room at the Park Plaza Riverbank I was looking to hang a shirt and that is when I saw it. Black mold over the shower. I had been going into the bathroom to steam it in an attempt to breathe better and it made things worst. I took some pictures and called the manager. He was extremely rude and didn't seem concerned. I had to fight him to get him to move us. We were in room 729. When he finally found a room he didn't call us, just sent someone up to move us. We hadn't even packed yet. The bellboy gave us 15mins. Once moved the manager never came to speak to me or to see the toxic mold in the bathroom. He was just going to use clorox, wipe it away, and put someone else in the room. I was outraged. My mother was finally seen on Saturday, 6 days later due to an increasing fever. She had a hard time walking, and it was clear there was fluid in her lungs yet the doctor in the ed never listened to her lungs, just gave her antibiotics. We returned to the States the next day and my mom saw her regular doctor. It turned out she had bacterial pneumonia and her doctor said it was caused from breathing in the toxic mold in our hotel room. Our trip was a nightmare and the Park Plaza Riverbank needs to be inspected by whatever agency looks into this sort of thing in the UK	
Dec 8 2007	Great Hotel	I loved this hotel! The location was great and the rooms were nicely equipped and very modern. The view wasn't so great-another hotel room, but it was just a short walk to Big Ben and Westminster Abby. We also went to the lounge one night which was very stylish.	
Dec 6 2007 	All good for me...	I was put in this hotel when presenting at a conference and my employers never normally go four star, or whatever this is, so i was pretty impressed!THe hotel has a good location, as others have mentioned, although the walk from Vauxhall tube can be a little nervy for a lone female in the dark - the Thames Path not seeming that pleasant.Good check-in with polite staff, spacious room, really comfy bed with lovely cotton bedlinen. Swamky bathroom - but I too noticed you are unable to switch off the light, which seemed strange.My TV worked and I had an iron. Hairdryer was a bit dodgy though!Breakfast was fine, though they were a bit disorganised and when the lounge was full (at 7.30am) had to send other colleagues to the restaurant upstairs.I add to others' advice that if you are booking this yourself, ensure you request a room away from that railway line - unless you are a very heavy sleeper or planning on getting so drunk you won't notice!	
Nov 30 2007 	Good Location excellent standard of rooms	The hotel is in a great location and easy to get around by taxi, Harrods about £8 one way. Not far from the London Eye. The rooms were excellent, clean and comfortable although watch out for rooms looking out onto the railway track as you can hear the trains passing by. Breakfast was good was it worth the £25 for two, I would say if you can go out and explore there are places near by. There is a store a few meters from the front door offering snacks, drinks etc. worth going there rather than spend £2 on a cola from the mini bar.Would I stay here again, yes.	
Nov 24 2007 	Noisy poor to negligent service overpriced - stay elsewhere !	I've had to stay at this hotel 5 times now, because it was the only one the travel agent could get me into in central London - and this despite the fact that after my first experience, I've always requested to go anywhere BUT the Riverside Plaza. I'm not usually the complaining sort, but after my first stay, last year, I complained about the lights in the room not working; there was no iron / ironing board in the room (there's supposed to be one in every room); I was ignored at breakfast and had to wait half an hour for a coffee; and the noise of the trains kept me awake half the night. None of the problems were fixed during my stay.On my next stay I was upgraded to an executive room. The decor was fine, but as I was getting changed for a shower, a maid entered the room and despite my protestations, wouldn't leave: she didn't appear to speak a word of English. In the end, I had to throw a towel at her to get her to leave. When I complained at Reception about someone bursting into my room and refusing to leave, I was told that it couldn't have been housekeeping because they finish at 6pm - and the incident had happened after 6pm. It never became clear why the maid was there - maybe she thought the room was empty... and my complaint was never answered, despite a promise that the Management would look into it for me.The next time seemed fine, until later in the day I came down with food poisoning and was off work for 3 days. The only place I had eaten on my own was at the breakfast buffet at this hotel.The time after that, I had to complain about a lack of iron and ironing board again (a recurring theme). The service was poor and - another recurring problem - it's impossible to turn off the bathroom light, which shines under the door and is very annoying.This last time, they upgraded me again. When I got to the room, there was a tray with dirty dishes and half-eaten food outside. I stepped over it to get into the room. When I left an hour later, it was still there and I had to ask at Reception for it to be taken away. The TV failed to work - I had to get someone from Reception to sort it out. There was no ironing board or iron in the room (again). At breakfast, I saw the waitress test the temperature of the food on display - this was at 7a.m. Her colleague (clearly a trainee) asked her how often the food was checked this way - she replied (within earshot) that she was supposed to check it at least twice, but was usually busy, so only bothered to check it once at the start of the shift. Given that the food is under &quot;heat&quot; lamps from 0700 to 1030, work it out for yourself. Each time I've sworn never to stay there again - this time I really mean it and if it means not going on a business trip to London, or staying in a nearby city instead, I'll willingly do it. The Riverside Park Plaza certainly does not get my vote. Spend your money elsewhere.	
Nov 18 2007 	Handier location than might be thought...	As a hotel booking elsewhere got messed up an online search earned a bargain stop-over at this place. Albert Embankment doesn't immediately spring to mind but you'll have a good view down the Thames towards Parliament and the London Eye. Perfectly comfortable, well-appointed room and the bathroom was modern,clean and well-equipped. I had a room change yet in both rooms the TV did not work - and as the internet connection depended on the TV this was a bit annoying. Not least when you have a deadline. But the front desk and the maintenance guy were helpful and apologetic. Breakfast was surprisingly dire and is served in a basement &quot;Club lounge&quot; - not cheap if it is not included in your rate it might be best avoided and pickup a breakfast elsewhere. A good base for visitors, shoppers and business people you are a few minutes walk from Vauxhall underground and overground stations and so well-connected to London's public transport system. There is a 5th floor gym but given scale of the development a pool would have been welcome. Check with the front-desk re your room location : if you leave it to them not surprisingly you'll get a rear facing view and that's onto a railway line. There are good blackout curtains if you're sleeping late and on the whole noise insulation is good. Very helpful front desk.	
Nov 12 2007	Both good and bad	No guarantee of not being at the back of the building (ie facing the rail tracks) unless prepared to pay £70 for an upgrade to an executive room - all other rooms face offices or similar at close proximity.The hotel seemed to be over heated, and in the room the air conditioning to cool the room was ineffective and noisy, while opening a window made train noise worse (is it safe to have a fully opening window on the 9th floor?). Not a very restful night's sleep.Breakfast was not ideal - queues to be seated, queues to get food. Staff had to be asked 4 times for tea and coffee. Cooked breakfast, although replenished regularly was cold and basic. I appreciate that they were busy (at 10.15am) - but while all other aspects of the public areas were superb this was a real let down in terms of quality and service.On the whole this is a modern, reasonably well located hotel (though a fair walk to any nightlife) with all mod cons - attractively designed and furnished with a great bar and restuarant. Fair warning of views and noise levels would be appreciated and someone really does need to address the breakfast situations on busy mornings.	
Nov 8 2007 	Good hotel but be prepared to walk!	The instructions I received on booking this hotel suggested it was within walking distance of Vauxhall tube. This is true but it's a 15 minute walk and not that easy to find! I felt this was a little misleading. Anyway, we arrived early but our room was ready and we were allowed to check in.The hotel is very grand and impressive. We were dealt with by very friendly and helpful reception staff. We were in room 922 which was just a standard room rather than executive room but it was spacious by London standards, spotlessly clean with a nice big bed and good quality furniture. Definitely worthy of it's 4* rating. The only problem we experienced was the noise from the nearby lifts. This was a constant whirring that we eventually got used to but had we been staying for longer than 1 night I perhaps would've asked to move.In terms of location it felt like a very safe area to walk around at night and is fairly close to a lot of the main sightseeing attractions, which was good.I booked the room for only £80 at lastminute.com and would definitely consider staying again at that price but if I had to pay the hotels advertised rates I would look for somewhere closer to the tube.	
Nov 7 2007 	We loved this hotel!	My husband and I stayed here for a Saturday night at the beginning of November 2007. I booked directly with the hotel and got a good rate. On arrival at Saturday tea time, we were sent to a second reception desk which deals with the club/residence and found we had been upgraded to an executive suite! Well, we entered the room and both just laughed! It was the most amazing thing I have ever seen - a massive bedroom with full length windows over looking the Thames, a fantastic bathroom with a shower big enough for about 6 people, a bath and loads of lovely toiletries. Also a fabby sitting area with tables, chairs, a desk area and again full sized windows. There was also a kitchen complete with a table, microwave, washing machine (!!), tea, coffee, complimentary water etc. We then found what we thought was a connecting door to the next room which had been left open - but no, this went through to a twin bedroom and another lovely bathroom - I began dreaming about how fab it would be to have enough money to live in this suite for a month or two! The bar is lovely - we got given a voucher for two complimentary drinks. We did not eat in the hotel, but walked along the south bank and ate in one of the restaurants just along past the London eye. It was a beautiful walk and we stopped at a bar on a boat along the way. Breakfast was taken in the executive lounge - the cold buffet was fine, but I did not touch the hot food - it did not look appealing and looked like it had been sitting there for ages. I felt sorry for the waitress who was continually on the 'phone to the kitchen asking for more hot food to be sent up. If I stayed again, I would eat breakfast in the restaurant. We got a complimentary paper delivered to our room and appreciated the late check out of midday as we chilled in the room for an hour or so after breakfast. I had no complaints about the location, but I love the south bank area. The hotel is about a 7 or so minute walk to Vauxhall tube - not hard to find at all. I would definitely stay here again - the staff were friendly, the suite fab too!	
Nov 5 2007 	Good mid-range hotel if a little variable	I've been staying at the Riverbank for quite some time with work and overall I have to say I'm pretty pleased. The rooms are a reasonable size, the beds are comfortable and food isn't bad either...I've also had a few mixed experiences with rooms, mixed-up reservations and mis-billings that prevent me from lavishing the highest praise on this hotel.The best advice I can give anyone checking into the Park Plaza is to ensure that you ask for a &quot;quiet location&quot; room as the rooms next to the railway are intolerably noisy, with trains running in and out of Waterloo every few minutes into the early hours.On the whole there are many worse places you could stay in London, and from this hotel the houses of Parliament, the London Eye and Waterloo Station are within walking distance.	
Oct 24 2007 	Lovely hotelexcellent stay!!!	We got a great deal for the park Plaza Riverbank from lastminute.com for £79.We arrived at the hotel in the afternoon and check in was smooth.The receptionist offered us the Executive package for only £35 and we got an Executive room with bathrobes,slippers,fruits,water and extra toiletries. We also had complimentry pre-dinner drinks in the executive Lounge.We had dinner in the Chino Latino restaurant which was delicious.I must say everyone we dealt with was very welcoming, friendly and professional.Our room was clean and spacious. We had an excellent stay and i would recommend the park Plaza Riverbank to all my friends and family and I will definitely visit the hotel next time I'm in London as well.	
Oct 11 2007 	No Hot Water	I would not recommend this hotel.On arrival I was upgraded to a 1-bedroom suite. The room offered no privacy as an office building overlooked it. When you looked to the left there was a view of a railway line that was noisy whilst the trains were running which seemed to be all night. If you craned your neck to the right you could see the Thames. The room itself was clean and modern. At 9am I attempted to have a shower but was unable to get any hot water. The front desk advised they had had a problem with the boiler overnight but it had been fixed. It was suggested if I had to go to work I should go, otherwise I could try later as it would take time for the hot water to get up to the 8th floor. At the time of check out there was still no hot water. The front desk kindly offered to waive all charges I had incurred. I had not incurred any charges and they were then unable to explain how the charges had been booked to my room.The hotel is close to St Thomas hospital and nothing else, there are no pubs or restaurants nearby. The nearest tube stop should not be considered within walking distance nor is it anywhere that somebody who is staying at a 5 star hotel would wish to go.	
Oct 3 2007	Time to unwind after a busy day in London	After arriving in London early morning struggling with Luggage we made our way to the hotel, to be greeted by the the the door man we were able to leave our luggage at ten o`clock. The hotel front of house staff were very helpfull and friendly. The appearance of the hotel was excellent. When wanting assistance with travell the concierge staff were very knowledgeable advising on the best form of transport to use and were able to tell you the sites in London. The rooms were comfortable and room service was always on hand. The most outstanding thing for us was the bar and restaurant. The atmosphere was realaxing in the bar. The restuarant was something to experience, hard to describe the word which comes to our minds is &quot; OUTSTANDING&quot;. We were not sure what to order, the staff explained everything we needed to know, able to tell us what was in each dish. We were not rushed in any way but services was on hand when needed. The wine waiter was very knowledgeable. We enjoyed our stay and will return.Jay and Amanda Drake	
Sep 23 2007 	They Need to Get Their Act Together	The hotel is well located along the Thames however getting to either tube station – Vauxhall or Waterloo – is a bit of a hike, about a ten minute walk. If it is raining heavily you might consider a taxi especially if you have luggage at the time. I attended the hotel because of a conference being held at the hotel. Check in and check out was efficient, although check in was a bit slow, but I had a trainee (said so on her name tag). The room and bathroom were in good shape and clean. Daily room service was spotty. Sometimes all toiletries were replaced in the bathroom, sometimes not. Breakfast included in my room rate was OK with hot and cold foods. However, the restaurant staff rushed me out and discouraged second helpings by almost immediately removing your plate and utensils after taking my last bite. One time I went back for seconds and received the evil eye from the staff.The hotel restaurant, Chino Latino, was excellent. Very good service and food.Apparently the building had problems with the exterior ceiling. The front entrance was closed mist of the time, causing guests to make a circuitous exit and entrance to the hotel. The blocked front entrance was not well marked.Business services were abominable. Voice mail in the rooms did not work. When I called the front desk to advise them of this, they only responded by saying they would send the concierge to my room to pass a handwritten note to a colleague in another room. I paid for wireless Internet access and hardly ever got a connection. Even the hotel staff tried to make the connection work on my laptop, but could not. The explanation was that the hotel was so full that their Internet system could not handle the Internet traffic. I think they were correct because twice I was able to get a brief Internet connection at 1am. In today’s world, that response is unacceptable. As a (good) response to my problem, the hotel gave me free access to the business center computers and recharged my Internet access for an additional 24 hours. I am not sure I would stay here again unless the hotel’s business services are brought up to the 21st century. By the way, the hotel was opened only two years ago.	
Sep 17 2007 	Modern stylish hotel with friendly staff	We booked this hotel based on reviews from this site and its location. We were going to London to see Brian Wilson at the Royal Festival Hall - the concert was fantastic and being just a short stroll from the hotel was great. Prior to check-in I had requested a quiet room, having read some of the reviews about the rooms at the back of the hotel being noisy due to the railway line. The day before we went I called the hotel to enquire whether they have any smoking rooms, which they do. So we were allocated a quiet smoking room and were very happy - there was even a partial river view. On arrival we requested a late check out and that was also 'no problem'.The Riverbank Park Plaza is extremely smart and modern and we found all the staff very friendly and helpful. We booked the online Executive package which gives you an Exec room (obviously!) and extras such as fruit, mineral water, bathrobes, slippers, extra toiletries etc and the use of the Executive Lounge on the 11th floor. The lounge serves hot drinks 24 hours a day and between 6-8pm there's free wine/beer and soft drinks plus crudités and snacks such as hummus, guacamole and dim sum. There's also breakfast served in there although we ate in the main restaurant and there was a good choice although no Eggs Benedict sadly.We had room service as we needed to eat early whilst getting ready so we ordered pizza and garlic bread. Not at all classy! They arrived late but were hot, fresh and tasty. The garlic bread (which was delicious but we like it strong and it certainly was!) arrived 10 minutes later with a genuine apology and I don't think we weren't charged for it. Also, having stayed in many London hotels with work, the prices on the room service menu were very reasonable. I can highly recommend the cocktails although at £7.50/£9.50 each they aren't cheap. Luckily we got a scratch card on check-in and both won a freebie (although I suspect 'everyone's a winner'). I enjoyed a Raspberry &amp; Mint Margarita (delicious) and my fiancé had a Dusty Mexican (tequila with Mexican orange liqueur and dark chocolate). If like us, you usually opt for a cheaper hotel in London but fancy splashing out and treating yourself, I would definitely recommend the Riverbank Park Plaza. It may be a little out of the way for some but we loved being by the Thames.	
Sep 16 2007 	Trains keep you from sleeping	I booked this hotel through Trafalgar Tours to extend my stay in the UK after completing one of their tours.For the rate of $395 Australian Dollars per night I assumed I would be treating myself to something special.Obviously not everyone is going to be lucky enough to get the Thames river views of the House of Parliament but what they don't mention anywhere on the Park Plaza website is that the rooms on the left hand side of the building are 15 metres from the main railway track.Trains rumble by every other minute and you can feel the vibrations as well as hear them.In a premium hotel I've also become acustomed to the broadband internet being free, the company website touts the availability of the broadband but doesn't mention it will cost 9.95 pound per day. I didn't even have to pay that much in Moscow one of the most expensive cities in the world.It is also quite surprising that the bathroom has only shower facilities, no bath.	
Sep 10 2007	Loved the park plaza	We booked this hotel as a Travelzoo promotion, upgraded to Executive package and would thoroughly recommend it. Previous posts suggested that it is out of town but we found the short walk along the Embankment to Westminster only took a few minutes and in fact didn't use the tube all weekend. It was easy to drive to and the car was speedily valet parked if a little expensive at £26 a night. Room was great although the river view was a little exaggerated (on tiptoe peering sideways). We used the Exec. lounge for drinks and nibbles(very limited) and used the 50% off voucher to eat in Chino Latino in the evening. Only disappointment was the toiletries - no conditioner! In all a lovely stay and would use this hotel again.	
Sep 8 2007	Amazing view overlooking Thames Parliament Big Ben London Eye.....	Stayed here twice in August. First for 2 nights, then did some traveling to Oxford and Bath, then came back for 4 more nights.If it had been any sort of bad experience, I would have cancelled my second stay. I had enquired about airport pick-up service and the concierges were very helpful in describing all of the various alternative means of airport transportation and then making the arrangements when I had decided on car service. The driver (Bob) met us and was soooooo pleasant, informative, and interesting to talk to. (We requested him for our trip back to LHR at the end of our trip.) So, that was a very auspicious start because I was having doubts about taking the trip, what with the terrible exchange rate for the USD, the recent terrorism in the UK, and then the record floods in Oxford area. Being cheerfully welcomed by Bob, was a relief. Anyway, the bellmen at the hotel were very efficient at the hotel and check-in was easy, so we were in our room pretty quickly. The room we had was huge with a fantastic view. But I'm most picky about and what is most important to me is how CLEAN the room is. I was thrilled that it was very clean. So, two thumbs up from me on the cleanliness factor.What I liked was that the hotel was in a quiet area, but still really conveniently located. The public bus stop is literally outside the door. The Original London Sightseeing Bus stop is right at Lambeth Bridge, which is a couple of short blocks' walk. For the tube, I found that Vauxhall (on the Victoria Line) was a quick walk to/from the Park Plaza Riverbank, but when my son was tired, we took the bus for 1 stop directly back to the hotel. Better yet, right at the Vauxhall tube stop (which has a lot of buses, like a mini terminal), there was a Starbucks. Also, there is a very pleasant bus info center aboveground and then inside the tube station, the ubiquitous info window was always helpful. Next door to the hotel is a convenience store, a pub was a block away (didn't eat there, but it looked decent), and directly across the river was a Pizza Express restaurant. Had breakfast in the dining room. Some days it was a breakfast buffet and there was loads of variety and some days I ordered my entrée off the menu. The host/manager who greeted me every day was always on the go, looking after everything and trying to make sure everyone was taken care of. I also had room service and besides being the usual expensiveness of room service, everything was fine and the food was delivered quickly and tasted fine.Every time we'd leave the hotel, we would see the doorman. He was omnipresent. He was always smiling. I would categorize him as &quot;jaunty&quot; in his purple uniform and top hat and quite &quot;Willy Wonka-ish&quot;---(the Johnny Depp one) --I mean this as a compliment! He was always there to hail a cab for us and to open the taxi door. I know there's plenty I'm forgetting to include, but these are the highlights.Oh, I know. My husband used the business centre and also the hi-speed internet access in the room. The in-room safe (big enough for his laptop and our other valuables) was useful, too.Bathroom was large. I would definitely stay here again.When I get my pictures organized, I'll try to add photos.	
Sep 3 2007 	Hotel ok service could have been better	I stayed in this hotel on the evening of the 1st September after booking it through Travelzoo on a special deal. The deal included 2 free drinks at the hotel bar + 50% off the cost of food in the Chino latino restaraunt. Check in was a little slow &amp; we were told that our vouchers for the drinks &amp; food would be sent to our room as they were not ready for us to collect at reception which was fair enough. Room was fine clean &amp; not too noisy. Came back in the early evening expecting the tickets to be in our room but they were not so I had to ring down &amp; remind them. It was a good job we were not in a hurry as they arrived approx 30 minutes later. Sunday morning started a little earlier than we had expected due to an early morning alarm call at 5.30am (that we did not book) I explained to reception that we had not requested an early morning call but he refused to listen to me. 2 minutes later we received another early morning call as you can imagine I was not at all pleased to get a 2nd one, I decided to take the phone off the hook so as not to be disturbed anymore. My overall experience of the hotel was that it was in a good location,clean &amp; modern but the little niggles tarnished what should have been a fabulous experience.	
Sep 2 2007 	Fabulous hotel	Stunning hotel. Although out of centre is only like 10 mins walk to the london eye, westminster and easy to get around.the rooms were gorgeous lovely and clean and even though we were in a room by waterloo station was not that noisy really. Just think your in london do you really expect peace and quiet???? defo stay here again. i stayed at the victoria plaza before but would say this is slightly better although Victoria one is nearer attractions.	
Aug 24 2007 	Genuine service	I have stayed at this hotel more than 30 times when visiting London on business.Although a little out of the centre and not really handy for a tube station, it is only a pleasant stroll from the hotel along the river and over Lambeth Bridge to the Houses of Parliament or along Albert Embankment to the attractions of the South Bank (theatres, restaurants, London Eye etc).Forget the poor food that you might normally expect at a British hotel, the Park Plaza's food is restaurant quality (the fillet steak for £19 in the Club Lounge is superb) and the Chino Latino restaurant (East-West fusion) in the hotel, next to the bar, is a destination in its own right.Avoid rooms whose numbers end in 24 (124, 224 etc), these have a wall adjacent to the lifts and you'll hear them rumbling past your room. Room 1124 is the worst for this as it's next to the motors at the top of the hotel.Even-numbered rooms at the back of the hotel on the lower floors may be troubled by noise of trains passing but you soon get used to that. Rooms that face in rather than out are always pretty quiet.The rooms are purpose designed, all double-sized, modern and comfortable with a decent flat-screen tv and dvd, glass desk and a minibar that has a small shelf specially for your own stash.Wide bathrooms of polished black granite have separate bath and shower and plenty of space. On the ground floor, there is a cool, modern and spacious bar.So, when in London, faced with a choice between checking into a cramped converted victorian building with rooms shoe-horned in and in the midst of honking traffic and revving buses ... or a pleasant, purpose-built, spacious and relaxing modern place to stay ... I go for the latter, the Park Plaza on the Albert Embankment. So do cricket teams visiting the nearby Oval.	
Aug 19 2007 	Clean modern hotel	We booked through lastminute.com and wanted a fairly central hotel at a reasonable price. We stayed Fri-Mon and booked an executive room as we were in London for my husband's 40th birthday and wanted to make it a bit special. I was aware, due to the reviews on here, that we may be allocated a room with a view of the railway tracks but as neither of us are particularly bothered by noise we were happy enough with this. Check in was swift and curteous but as we had arrived early our room wasn't ready, which we had expected. We were, however, told we had a lovely room with a partial river view. When we returned to the hotel later on we picked up our room keys (again service was fast) and were thrilled with our room. We could see the Thames and parliament and there were no trains to be seen. It would have been nice to have this view from the bed but unfortunately when in bed the view was of a building. Never mind, this is London after all.The robes, slippers, fruit and water that were included in the package were all there as expected. There were plenty of toiletries and they were repenished as needed. Although there were tea and coffee making facilites in the room we didn't use these, but we did pop into the exectutive lounge for hot chocolate in the early hours. The room was clean and well maintained. The only minor negatives were that there was a scorch mark from the iron on the carpet and the toilet cistern sometimes kept running after flushing, but this was not audible from the bedroom. The water pressure in the shower wasn't great, but that is the same in most hotels. It was good to have a seperate shower cubicle rather than a shower over the bath.It was a pleasant 10 minute walk along the Thames to Vauxhall tube station, however on the Saturday the whole Victoria line was closed, which was a little inconvinent, but that's just one of the things you have to accept if you visit London at the weekend. It's not far to walk to the London Eye and a great selection of restaurants on the south bank. I only had breakfast the first morning, but my husband had breakfast all three days. We ate in the executive lounge and it was pretty standard fare, but OK. Two of the three evenings we were there we went to the lounge for drinks and snacks. Each evening drinks and snacks were served from 6-8pm. There was red or white wine and beer as well as soft drinks, along with a selection of dim sum, cheese, crackers, crisps and olives. The lounge was adequately replenished but unfortunately the drinks fridge didn't work, so I stuck to red wine. There was also a drinks machine providing hot drinks 24 hours a day as well as a computer with free internet access. Given that breakfast was included I'd say the executive rate was worth the extra cost.We didn't use the bar or restaurant, but they looked lovely. Contrary to previous reviews we found the service to be friendly and efficient and when we visited all the lifts were in working order and there was no wait. All in all we liked this hotel and would stay again if the price was right.	
Aug 18 2007 	Great Experience at the Park Plaza Riverbank	Travel Agent recommended and I adored this hotel. It was brand new, and the rooms were quiet and we had a great view of big ben. The concierge was excellent. I wanted a quiet hotel where there wasn't a lot of hustle and bustle and where we'd feel safe. This was ideal after coming from the states and needing to adjust to the time zone. I wouldn't stay anywhere else next time we visit London.	
Aug 17 2007	Ten Cheers for the Park Plaza	When our seventh floor London flat was flooded (burst pipe) and uninhabitable for over a month, we moved into our local Park Plaza Riverside for the duration. It turned out to be the best thing we could have done for ourselves.Albert van der Westhuizen, Senior Guest Relations Manager, showed great sensitivity to our unhappy situation, and helped us considerably by moving us into a lovely suite with river views. The front desk staff were also pleasant and helpful; adding weeks here and days there, as our deadlines to move back home kept changing.We'll never forget their kindness. The Park Plaza is lucky to have such a great crew. We will recommend them to everyone we know.Christine and Jean-Michel	
Aug 16 2007 	Maybe a lottery with the rooms?	Having stayed here recently and subsequently read back over the reviews; I think it maybe is down to room location as to how much one enjoys the experience.The hotel's location is great - no doubt about it. A comfortable walk to the many attractions of the south bank. I thought service was excellent throughout and one could not fault the room in terms of comfort and cleanliness. Reception checking in and out was professional and friendly. The bar was impressive and, again, waiter service was prompt and courteous.So, maybe the rooms overlooking the railway are to be avoided and if this can't be guaranteed - think again about booking. But overall I thought this was an excellent hotel and would stay again.	
Aug 11 2007 	Disappointing	Disappointing from start to finish. The hotel location, while near the London Eye, Downing Street (the other side of the Thames), there isn't much around the hotel itself. Check-in and check-out were icy. At first glance the room appeared tidy, however, the carpet was stained, bed sheets torn, the walls scuffed. In fact, had to request slippers as the floor was too dirty to remain barefoot. My room had absolutely no view. If you must stay here, book a room with a view of the Thames, otherwise your view will be of the hotel well or train tracks. Housekeeping never seemed to get it quite right with consistently late service. Tissue paper is apparently at a premium, having to request another roll (rather than being replenished with daily service). Phone did not work without interference, despite having it replaced. The TV was nice but required working knowledge of electrical engineering and if not on, the sole clock and the internet did not work. At least one elevator was always down, often having to wait 5 minutes or more. The restaurants were understaffed and, like the room, nothing special and disappointing. Not even a good cup of coffee, something I look forward to when in Europe. If I were not traveling for business (and compelled to stay there), there would be absolutely no reason I would stay at this hotel. While the hotel may look nice, the website pictures do not tell the whole (unfortunate) story. Annoyance after annoyance. London is a spectacular city, enjoy your evenings elsewhere.	
Aug 10 2007 	Comfort and Joy	I was directed to this hotel via a weekly newsletter that I receive: ~Travelzoo. Excellent deal offered and as it then turned out the perfect location for our desired activities (Tate Britain, Modern and the Hayward). The walk along the river to and from these destinations was stunning (weather good thankfully) as was catching the Tate boat between the two galleries. Would recommend this.From the moment we arrived at the hotel, the service was excellent. Any member of staff consulted during the time of our stay could not have been more helpful. We had a room without a view, but as a result, was wonderfully peaceful. It was spacious, clean and well equipped. We availed ourselves of room service for breakfast and this too was excellent.I would stay here anytime and particulary if I wanted to be in that part of London.	
Aug 7 2007 	Superb location for business or pleasure!	This is a lovely modern hotel efficiently run. Friendly staff, eager to please.Rooms are very comfortable, very clean and well appointed. Plasma TV/DVD/IT access as standard. Large bathroom with full size bath/shower PLUS level access walk in shower.We booked an 'executive room' without knowing the benefits. MIneral water, fresh fruit, biscuits, all day refreshments in an executive lounge, drinks &amp; canapes between 6pm-8pm and a quiet breakfast room. I throughly recommend this to everyone!!Fantastic cocktails served with a variety of complimentary nibbles - olives, chilli crackers, mixed nuts &amp; savoury biscuits. Both restaurants looked lovely. Unfortunately we did not try 'Chino Latino' but it looks fab and there were people waiting for it to open! We ate in the other restaurant (cannot remember the name right now) three different meals, all very impressive and reasonably priced.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great for trainspotters	Was booked into this hotel as I needed to give presentations nearby early the next morning. Arrived late so was &quot;upgraded&quot; to a suite (Rm 303). Should have guessed all was not well when girlfriend asked, when I phoned home, &quot;What's that noise ?&quot; The train noises stopped at 00:40 in the morning - they started again at 04:40. Looking out in the morning I was able to see the earwax of the traindrivers as they used the seven track railway just outside the window.The conclusion to this tale is that half the hotel should be called Riverside the other side Trackside.Oh yes and there was no iron in the room.	
Aug 2 2007 	Comfy and peaceful	Stayed in an executive room via a special offer on Travelzoo, was able to check in on arrival at 9.30am as the room was ready and found the room to be comfy with dressing gowns/slippers, fruit, vanity items, water, coffee etc. Air con was lovely as the weather was hot so great to cool down after a sticky day at the cricket. Bar was very trendy with attentive staff, had a great nights sleep with cool room with air con and it was very quiet, we heard nothing all night and I am a light sleeper. Was given a choice of breakfast in Executive suite which was continental or restaurant downstairs for a la carte also included in our package so we ate downstairs, the breakfast was lovely and really set us up for the day. Vauxhall tube is about a 5 min walk which then takes about 15 mins to central London.	
Jul 24 2007 	Pleasant stay	Organised a special trip to plaza for my husbands 40th birthday surprise. Booked the executive package with all the trimmings. River view room was fantastic looking down the Thames . Room was spacious and comfortable we had room service and the food was wonderful and not to over priced. We had a few niggles like on the second day we could not get into our room so we had to go and get key card changed the coffee etc wasnot refilled when the room was cleaned no newspaper etc these are only small complaints but at a four star hotel they really should get it right. The staff were very polite. Enjoyable stay	
Jul 11 2007	OK but poor sound proofing	Overall a pleasant stay, had an executive room, ask if River or Railtrack view, £25 per night upgrade for River view which is worth it. One problem, very poor sound proofing between rooms, could hear upper floor talking etc most of the night and next doors TV at 6.30am in the morning. If you are a poor sleeper, I would not recommend this hotel but very good location for most attractions, such as the London Eye etc.	
Jul 7 2007 	Wonderful find!	Terrific location near London's Waterloo Station, across the river from Parlament, Big Ben, etc. Also near London Eye and both Tates. New facilities, very comfortable rooms, nicely appointed.	
Jun 30 2007 	Great room but terrible breakfast!	We stayed at this hotel for one night in June 2007. Upon check-in we were asked if we would like to upgrade to a room with a view for an extra £50. The upgrade included breakfast served in the Executive Lounge on the top floor. We thought that this sounded like a good deal so we upgraded.The view from our room was amazing - we looked out on to the Thames and could see the Houses of Parliament really clearly from our window. Our friends had a room facing the opposite side of the hotel and they looked out onto train tracks and were kept awake at night by the noise from the trains.The room was large for a London hotel and the bathroom was enormous! The decor was modern and the room was very clean.The only bad thing during our stay was that the breakfast in the Executive Lounge was the worst I've ever had in a hotel. There was no hot food available when we arrived, other than some burnt looking baked potatoes!? The cold selection of food was extremely limited and they seemed to have run out of juice completely. Eventually some Eggs Benedict arrived and were put out on the buffet. Unfortunately these were stone cold and were simply placed over a small flame in an attempt to heat them up! All in all very disappointing and we felt a bit cheated. Our friends had breakfast in the main restaurant and it sounded great - so be warned, if you have a package that includes breakfast, see if you can eat it in the restaurant rather than the Executive Lounge!	
Jun 27 2007 	Shame about the view	I stayed at this hotel in June 2007. It's quite a modern establishment and definitely has tones of 'Hotel Babylon', especially the bar. Staff were courteous and friendly. The room was fine - lovely bathroom. One drawback was that the view was over about 12 railways. The soundproofing was good though. We were a little disappointed as the blurb boasts of the views down - river to Big Ben. Public transport is a little iffy too.	
Jun 25 2007 	iffy	Booked this hotel as top secret choice on last minute, got a good enough deal and was quite pleased to hear on checking in that we had been upgraded to a suite. Kind of wish they hadn't bothered..When we got to the room the mini bar was locked (stayed locked through out our stay, but this didn't stop them from trying to charge us for a number of items from it). There was mould and dampness in the main wardrobe, the skirting was crumbling and it smelt awful so that stayed closed through out the stay. As mentioned in a previous review the bathroom light didn't switch off so we also found an alternative use for the (single) complementary robe. Despite the lack of AC in the bedroom and the hot weather that weekend, the windows in the bedroom had been locked which was made all the more frustrating by the presence of the balcony, so also did as the previous reviewer did and slept with the door to lounge open. The house keeping in the room was very poor- previous guest's choclate wrapper in the bed side locker, red wine splashed all across the living room wall. On the plus side the quality of the breakfast is good, the reception staff were very good and the design of the hotel is good. Strangely despite all my criticisms I would consider staying here again if the proce was right and hope that I ahd just been given a poorly maintained room. Riverbank Palza if you read this you really should take a look at the wardrobe in room 1021 this problem should not really be occurring in a relatively new building.	
Jun 24 2007	Very confortable	Hotel booked by Trafalgar for our tour.Very clean, very comfortable beds, modern rooms.View of the train rails, not very nice but a room is for sleeping and we slept very well. Even if you could still hear a bit the trains passing. We didn't mind, it helped us go to sleep, go figure.A lot of amenities, tea, coffee, full bathroom products, modern audio/video system. Nice restaurant. Close to the parliament, metro (underground) and the London eye. Don't try to exchange money early in the morning, if they don't have the exchange rate they will send you to the ATM outside. Concierge very helpful and knows the good pubs.	
Jun 24 2007 	Lovely hotel in a great location	Stayed for 4 nights in this hotel in June 2007.Our room was very modern with a spacious bathroom and all other amenities such as TV/DVD, tea/coffee, safe, iron etc. The staff were very friendly and approachable. The continental breakfast was okay, but felt it was let down by limited choice and poor quality ingredients eg diluted orange juice and cheap cereals. My only other gripe is that each bed only had one pillow and the beds were so hard that I did find it difficult to sleep.Overall though I'd definitely stay there again and would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jun 17 2007	Perfect for the weekend travelers.	Have just arrived from a stay i Riverbank Park Plaza, London. A fantastic hotel just by the River Thems. Not far from the london eye and many other attractions. It took us 10 minutes walk to the London eye. Very nice rooms, light colors and modern furnitures. The bathroom was &quot;Wow&quot; all in black and white.The resturant Chino latino had delicous food. Everyone in the staf was very serviceminded and helpsam.This is a hotel we will come back to.	
Jun 17 2007 	Enjoyable stay	I booked my 4-night stay through Lastminute.com's Top Secret Hotels, and decided to plump for the executive package, as this, including breakfast, cost the same as the hotel's Web rate for a standard room. On check-in I received a surprise: I had been upgraded to a suite! The suite consisted of a lounge with a desk and chair, sofabed and two comfy chairs, and a large cabinet with a minibar and a flatscreen TV. The bedroom had a comfortable double bed, and was clearly supposed to have a TV, but it had been taken away for repairs. The bathroom was modern, but dimly lit, and had a shower with very good pressure and a separate bathtub. There was a light over the bathtub that wouldn't switch off, and despite my calling housekeeping nothing was done about this. I solved the situation by placing my complimentary robe across the door opening, blocking the light.The complimentary mineral water and fruit that came with my package wasn't in the room when I arrived, so I had to call and ask for it, but it arrived quickly. I found housekeeping to be very diligent, except for the bathroom light. When I called to ask what the TV situation was in the bedroom, they kept insisting that they would be happy to come and move the TV out of the lounge, even though I said that I was just inquiring as to the situation. The bathroom sink leaked, and this was also dealt with while I was out. I didn't experience any of the problems with lighting in the bedroom that I had read about in previous reviews, so I had no trouble reading in bed. One minor gripe is that there no air conditioning in the bedroom. I solved this by sleeping with the bedroom door open. Otherwise, the air conditioning worked well.Unfortunately my worst fear from reading the reviews came true. I was given a room facing the train tracks. Luckily my suite was on the 11th floor, so it wasn't noisy enought to be a problem while I was awake. Unfortunately I'm a light sleeper, so I was woken by the trains rumbling by at 4 am, but I managed to fall asleep again.Breakfast in the executive lounge was excellent. During the week, breakfast was fancy: Eggs Benedict, sausages with bacon rolled around them, potatoes, and all the other traditional components of a full English buffet. At the weekend, yummy scrambled eggs replaced the Eggs Benedict. I only made it to the early evening wine and canape evening once, but they served lovely dim sum from the Chino Latino restaurant.We had one meal at Chino Latino. It was a mixed experienced. The food was excellent - especially the plum tatin dessert. Unfortunately one of our starters was cold in the middle. They took it back, and after about 15 minutes we received a new starter - half the size of the original. We complained again, and ended up getting our full starter together with the main course. There were some apologies, and we were handed off to a more senior server, possibly even the maitre 'd, but no complimentary drink or dessert, despite this delaying our meal by half an hour.I chose express checkout, so that went smoothly. That is, after we called down to reception and asked why our bill hadn't been slipped under the door.All in all, for the price I paid, I'd definitely stay here again if I could be sure that my room wasn't facing the train tracks. I've discovered that the hotel now advertises riverview rates on their Web site, so I might consider doing that in the future. Except for the bathroom light, all my queries to housekeeping were dealt with very quickly. And the location was excellent! There's a bus stop right in front of the hotel, which is handy from travel to/from Waterloo. Lambeth Bridge is practically next to the hotel, and has a bus stop that takes you right up Regent Street.	
Jun 13 2007	Extraordinary!	Hello!We strongly recommend this hotel! This Easter we spend three nights at this luxurious hotel. We were very well treated. The staff was helpful and friendly. For example, they helped us with bustickets and our son´s birthday celebration, early in the morning! The rooms were spacious stylish equiped.We also strongly recommend the restaurant., Chino Latino Brasserie! It was an extraordinary experience, the food as well as the staff. They were so nice and treated us to a glas of champagne because of our wedding anniversary and our 50th-birthdays.Håkan and Birgitta Arin with children, Matilda, Nils, Amanda och Anton, Strandv. 8, 571 38, Nässjö, Sweden	
Jun 11 2007 	Great Weekend	Had a great long weekend at the beginning of june to which this hotel contributed. Upon check in staff were very helpful and efficient. We were in our room within 5 minutes. The hotel was sleek and modern with a welcoming atmosphere.We stayed in a superior room and had no complaints, plenty of room for 2 people, with a comfy bed and LCD television with plenty of channels. Iron and ironing board was provided and proved very useful. There was also a safe provided within the room free of charge which was a bonus. The bathroom was very nice with a seperate bath and nice powerfull shower, most importantly it was nice and clean!!!The room was very clean and fresh, housekeeping came in every day and we always came back to a welcoming room.We ordered room sevice and food came within the stated 25 minutes, again staff very friendly and the food was very nice at reasonable prices.The location of the hotel was great with lovely views. It was just short walks away to many local attractions and around 5-10 minutes to the nearest tube.Check out was again quick and easy. The hotel was happy to hold on to our luggage while we went out for the morning and collected it in the afternoon when we were due to catch a train.Would reccomend this hotel and would return to this hotel again.	
Jun 5 2007	Gorgeous hotel!	Just returned from a three night break at the Riverbank Park Plaza. Like many others, we booked this via lastminute.com's 'top secret hotel' and got a fantastic rate for our stay. First impressions were good, friendly staff and beautiful decor. Our room was perfect - big comfy bed and a spotless bathroom. Unfortunately we did not have a room with a view of the Thames - this was available via an upgrade, but this would have doubled our holiday price so we decided against it! We overlooked an office block, although this didn't bother us as we weren't in the room much, and we were in close proximity to a train track which was noisy during the day, but luckily didn't keep us awake at night.The hotel is about a five/ten minute walk from Vauxhall tube station on the Victoria line, or about twenty minutes from Waterloo station. There is a small off-licence close to the hotel incase of emergencies! A leisurely walk from the hotel along the Thames brings you out at the London Eye and Aquarium, with beautiful views of the Houses of Parliament on the way.We would definitely stay in this hotel again - would recommend it to anyone who would like a base set back from the general hustle and bustle of central London, but wants ease of access to the centre.	
Jun 2 2007	the best ;0)	ABSOLUTELY STUNNING - my friend &amp; I booked 2 rooms at the Park Plaza riverbank hotel last WE - we were with Adrien (10) &amp; Noé (9) - we had the warmest welcome ever, the staff was absolutely lovely, the rooms with a view on the 7th floor were an adventure in itself for the kids...&amp; the mums (we came back home with drawings of the London Eye, Big Ben, the Thames &amp; the fish, the fire station which is next door...:0) The room impressed them more than the Star Wars exhibition, which wasa terrific experience too, as well as the London Eye ride. We appreciated the late check out VERY MUCH especially since it was pouring down with rain &amp; we could see Big Ben get wet as we were watching a DVD in the room, lying on the most comfortable &amp; thickest mattress I've ever seen. The bathroom was a real pleasure: massaging shower, big bathtub, stunning deco. The welcome fruits were quite...welcome. The bar tenders at the Cafe Latino were SO nice &amp; handsome too! The served the best cafe Latte. The bar is very 'branché' &amp; the view fromthe Thames room, where an Indian wedding was going on is a wonder to the eyes (we were lucky to see the most glittery &amp; elegant outfits &amp; dresses while waiting to do the check-in or upon taking the lift) 25' walk to the Waterloo station (7.50£ by taxi) was real handyMost of the 'things to see' were at walking distance. The grocery store nextdoor has everything you need &amp; the tenants are really kind. The fire station also nextdoor is the 3rd busiest in Europe - &amp; although we ddidn't hear any alarms, we got to visit it with the kids thanks to the kindness of these great fire fighters.  We'd like to thank ALBERT, Senior Guest Relations Manager, for all the warmth, kindness, attention, great service &amp; good humour we received during our short stay. Thanks for making it happen: a WONDERFUL rainy WE in an amazing hotel. We will come back for sure...Without the kids ;0)MERCI from BelgiumValy &amp; AdrienVirginie &amp; Noé	
May 29 2007 	Very good London Hotel on South Bank	My husband, myself and my parents just returned from two nights at the Riverbank Park Plaza in London. I booked the two rooms on LastMinute.com and got fantastic room rates for this holiday weekend. The hotel is located on the South Bank of the Thames, one block southwest of the Lambuth bridge, within site of the London Eye and Westminster. The hotel is very comtemporary and 'trendy' with an upscale modern-Asian fusion influence. The rooms are nicely equipped with large comfortable beds, flat screen TV with DVD player, computer desk and internet access, minibar and coffee/tea facilites in the rooms. The bathrooms were fabulous - large with separate modern shower and tub in marble &amp; chrome decor. Lighting in the rooms was very nice - automatic light in closet with personal safe, recessed amber lighting above windows, light blocking draperies. We paid extra for breakfast on a special weekend rate ($25 per couple per day) and were very disappointed. While there was a variety of cereals, pastries, fruit and full English breakfast fare offered, the food was not well prepared - scrambled eggs were watery and cold, pastries were stale, service was slow. There are two restaurants available for lunch/dinner - one is the Club Lounge offering traditional food that was unfortunately not open on Sunday or Monday during our stay, as Monday was a bank holiday. THe other restaurant is the Chino Latino Brassiere, an upscale restaurant offering Asian-Mediterranean foods in a contemporary fusion decor. Unfortunately, there are no other restaurants in the immediate vicinity of this hotel - you either eat there or be prepared to walk at least two blocks or take a taxi. We did order room service on the first night - it was delivered within the quoted 30 minutes and the food was very good. I would return to this hotel IF I could get another great deal on the room rates; otherwise, I would look for a hotel closer to restaurants/pubs, etc.	
May 27 2007 	Riverbank Plaza Hotel	We stayed here for a single night on a Friday as we were going to a gig in London. The only fault I could find was the queue to check outon Saturday morning at 11:30. Everything else was excellent. We booked through lastminute.com and got an excellent deal. After the gig we couldn't find any decent food, so had room service, well afterthe main restaurant had closed. We were served after about 30 minutes, with a very nice meal, and reasonably priced.	
May 21 2007 	Stylish Hotel but lack of attention to detail holes in the sheets!	Took my boyrfiend to stay here for one night in may. Got it as a secret hotel on last minute, but guessed at the hotel from the description. Got an executive room and breakfast for £124. At first the hotel looked great, really stylish and the reception staff were so helpful, however got to the room and problems began to arise.....we arrived late afternoon and had dinner reservations so had to get ready in quite a rush, the bath did not hold the water! called housekeeping, very rude and 25 mins later i just had a shower! got back to the htoel and found SERVERAL holes in the sheets like mice had been at them, woke up the next morning and our key card would not let us go in the executive lounge(which was small and dingey), all in all this hotel was hassle! my advice pay an extra £40 or so and go 5 star, in london the difference is really noticeable!	
May 18 2007	excellent riverbank	Dream room. Fantastic view over the Thames. Very clean room. The experience staying in the Hotel was excellent and very luxury. The hospitality was all over outstanding and an example of how it should be.When I had a question the staffs helped me quick and were very reactive. The next time I stay in London I will definitely try to book a room in the Park Plaza Riverbank London. I would recommed this hotel to everyone!!	
May 5 2007	Excellent value	We stayed at the Riverbank plaza for one night in may (the night we got engaged) and was very happy with all aspects. excellent value for money ,top class room and Very clean. All staff were very helpfull and polite. We would recomend this hotel to anyone.	
May 3 2007	Park Plaza Riverside London- positive experience	We where looking a quite long time to find a high quality hotel with resonable pricing. But at the end we found the Park Plaza Riverside, which was a very good choice. The location was very good with a superb view. Rooms been very clean and staff was helpful and friendly. Definitively one highlight is the bar and stylish restaurant at the lobby. We enjoyed beeing there.	
Apr 29 2007 	A Connecticut's Family Great Experience!!!	The Riverbank Plaza was everything you would expect from a first class hotel and more. Our room faced the river Thames with beautiful views of Westminister, Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. In the evening they were illuminated and the reflections in the river were gorgeous. If we didn't have plans for sightseeing we could have just stayed in the room and drank up the panoramic views.The hotel is very convenient to the London Eye, a short walk up the Thames, Waterloo Station another short walk and we could stroll across one of the bridges and be in the West End or Big Ben in about 15 minutes or so. The walks along the Thames are fabulous, you can actually walk all the way to London Bridge on one side and back on the other side. The hotel is in a quiet area so its very peaceful to come back to. There's a small grocery store a few steps away where you can pick up wine, fruits etc.The staff went out of there way to make us feel comfortable and the buffet breakfast was more than adequate with a good selection of hot and cold foods.The concierge was most helpful with any questions that we had.We would without question stay here again. It was wonderful!	
Apr 26 2007 	Exceeds expectations	Overall, I had an extremely pleasant experience at the Riverbank Park Plaza. I got a weekend special of 76 GBP which included breakfast. Althought I was traveling alone, I had a double room (no view) but I did not get the &quot;railroad&quot;view that others complained about. In fact, the view was to the interior of the building. However, in London, who stays in the room? In any event, the room was high-tech -- DVD, plasma TV, internet, room lights do not work unless you insert your room key card in a special slot @ the door. The room was decorated in modern, clean lines with leather and black painted wood furniture. Bathroom has a separate shower, a &quot;huge&quot; tub and all new chrome faucets with granite floors and countertops. While some have complained that it was not close to the sights, I found I could walk across the river to the Houses of Parliament in five minutes. London Eye/County Hall is about a ten minute walk up the Thames and the river is literally right outside the front door of the hotel. If you're doing London on a budget, there's a small grocery store adjacent to the hotel that sells wine, liquor and other grocery items.Finally, if you want to go sightseeing, the local sightseeing company stops about 1 block from the hotel and will carry you all over London for about 22 GBP. The sightseeing pass is good for 24 hours and allows you to use it on two different days. I am definitely going to return to the Riverbank. I had a great stay in London.	
Apr 21 2007 	Very Modern Feel	Went to this Hotel on Easter weekend as part of theatre package wityh Last Minute.com. Hotel was actually not named on LM.com but with a bit of research it was easy to find where we might be staying. Overall felt it was a good deal.Hotel 15 mins walk from Waterloo or Pimilco tube stations or 10 minutes from Vauxhall Tube on the South Bank opposite the Tate Britain, very easy to find as only building that has hotel type frontage.Hotel also appears to form part of apartment block for longer term residents though they have their own entrance.Customer service was very good at reception, with our bags being looked after pre-check in so that we could see the matinee show. There were a number of weekend offers available on check-in that would allow us free first drink though this was difficult to completely understand as the receptionists accent was very strong. Good service though.We were located on the 9th floor in room that gave just a glimpse of the River. Room comfortable size compared to other London hotel rooms, with high standard of fittings, large lcd Tv and DVD player, internet acccess.Went for pre meal drinks in the cocktail bar. Prices were what I would expect though did feel strange not seeing the cocktails not being made front of house. They were made behind a stained glass window highlighting the drinks.Went to get a meal in the lounge downstairs, however this was fully booked, be warned. Decided to give the in house Chino Latino restaurant a go. Food I would say was not terrific value given the standard, very Sushi/ sea food orientated. Service was very good.Cannot comment on breakfast as we both felt £17.50 each was too much for breakfast when we don't eat that much.Good base for a weekend in London if you like modern hotels.	
Apr 20 2007	One of the best....	Park Plaza Riverbank, London! Great Hotel!Good location! Excellent staff! Easy to find! Restaurant was excellent! Fantastic rooms!Overall it was a fantstic experience and one of the best hotels that I visit!	
Apr 15 2007 	fabulous hotel	Stayed with my husband and two children for 3 nights from 10th to 13th April. Husband there on business and thought as it was school holidays we would make most of it and join him. Hotel was great...spotlessly clean, staff very friendly and helpful and breakfasts great.Location overlooking the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben was perfect. Great walk along the Thames to the London Eye of about 15 minutes. Nearest tube station was Vauxhall on Victoria line about 5 mins walk.We had interconnecting rooms so kids had a room of their own. Rooms were cleaned to a high standard each day although a little on the warm side. Breakfasts were great , buffet style with hot and cold choices.All in all we had a wonderful time and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 3 2007 	Stunning Views and Fabulous Food	Riverbank Park Plaza is a really stylish, chic property despite having almost 400 rooms.Our bedroom was very comfortable with an absolutely stunning view overlooking the House of Commons, Big Ben and the River Thames. The room itself was very well laid, everything you needed was there including an iron and ironing board which is a godsend if you are anything like me - packing at the last minute with no time to iron anything! The bathroom was spacious with a seperate bath and shower and a decent selection of toiletries. Overall, not too bad at all.Had diiner in the hotel restaurant 'Chino Latino' and it really was excellent. We had several different starters to share including Tempura Prawns which were fantastic. The Black Cod is to die for, better than Nobu which is not surprising considering the hotel have poached the chef from there! (padon the pun) Really, you should try it out when you are there or just go for the evening, you won't be sorry. The bar area was packed, but not unpleasantly so, plenty of seating and attentive service. I can recommend the Watermelon Martinis.Overall, as large corporate hotels go, Riverbank Park Plaza was a very pleasant surprise. The location could be better, but it was a great place to spend an evening.	
Apr 3 2007 	Great Hotel Below Standard Service	This is great looking hotel, and wonderful rooms and facilities inside, the executive upgrade is well worth it with the drinks and canapes in the lounge in the evening and a more relaxed breakfast experience. Location wise the hotel is good especially if you are happy roaming along the southbank and not adverse to a little bit of a walk rather than immediate access to underground network - although its still only 5 mins away.The downside - the service was slow and not particularly welcoming. Many mistakes were made with our room, our bill, mistaking our deal etc. Restaurant staff in club lounge were really friendly and up beat though.All in all we would recommend this hotel for a long weekend just be prepared for the slightly below average service!	
Apr 2 2007 	Futuristic Hotel	Having stayed regularly at the City Inn in London I decided to move and give the Park Plaza a go. And was I glad!! Just like the City Inn the location is excellent and easily accessible.Upon arrival I was greeted by concierge who helped by from the taxi. The entrance hall is very impressive and contemporary. The reception staff were very helpful and I was quickly booked into my room. The lift leading to the room was amazing with star style lighting. Everything was really futuristic, something you would expect to see in a hotel in Tokyo.The room was fantastic, very clean with a huge bed, flat screen and a media centre. This was much more than expected. The bathroom was even better with a large bath, separate glass shower cubical, halogen spotlights and beautiful black floor tiles.My only minor complaint was surrounding the minibar. Basically it wouldn’t open and when I rang reception I was told it would be sorted in two minutes. Twenty minutes later I rang back and was told it couldn’t be opened because I didn’t log my credit card number. I find this quite odd as I had a room allowance but was told that its part of the system! What was really strange was the fact that I could order drinks via room service without any questions.Breakfast was a buffet style service and provided plenty of choice which was very welcome. The service was excellent and I was given a table in no time.Overall this is a fantastic hotel in an excellent part of town. Really conferrable with good service most of the time. I would definably recommend this and I believe it’s a better bet than the nearby City Inn.	
Mar 30 2007 	Nice Hotel shame about the location!!	A nice hotel but not exactly close to the train station as they said! A good half hour walk from Waterloo if I am honest. Room was nice, staff ok but bar was expensive (yes I know it is London) and the coffee's we ordered were luke warm. We paid £99 for our one night stay on lastminute.com but I would recommend you contacted the hotel directly as they seem to be ably to do a better deal direct. Breakfast is £17.00 per head which is pricey (again I know it is in London). Overall the stay was nice but I would sooner stay a little closer to the tube I think as with the weather not being great it did take a while to walk to Vauxhall (by far the nearest station).P.s. Would appear if you wear a suit in the bar you seem to get noticed a lot quicker - considering the price the service there was not quick for those dressed more casually.	
Mar 28 2007 	Like sleeping in a train station poor service the executive package is lies!	Rubbish!Trains every 30 seconds or so RIGHT in front of our window, staff were unfriendly and arrogant when we complained. We booked the executive package which gave us access to the exec lounge and &quot;drinks &amp; snacks throughout the day&quot;. At one stage there were a few biscuits in a box and that was all, staff told us&quot;&quot; Oh no,it only opens between 6-8&quot;Disorganised, unhelpful, misadvertised, rubbish. All the effort has gone into the decor, no-one gave a damn about service.Do yourself a favour &amp; find another place to stay!!	
Mar 26 2007 	Excellent hotel	The hotel is ideally situated just across the River Thames opposite Big Ben and Houses of Parliament. A stylish, chic hotel of a very high standard. Excellent breakfast, staff very helpful and professional, cannot do enough for you. When staying over in London again will definitely use this hotel.	
Mar 25 2007 	Comfortable stay with some service issues	Hotel search for our 3 week London trip was dominated by the requirement for high-speed in-room internet access and under $200USD/night, within 10 mins to a tube. Various searches (laterooms, venere, londonview, hotelsrus, etc) lead me to the Riverbank Park Plaza. I contacted the hotel directly and received a great quote of 69 GBP/night for 2 adults. It was a special winter promo package rate for &quot;Non Smoking superior room, internet access, full English breakfast voucher for &quot;Buy one get one free&quot; to use in bar, 50% discount on food only in restaurant.&quot; Location: between Waterloo (15 min) &amp; Vauxhall (5 min) tubes. It was pleasant walking the embankment towards London Eye, Westminister every day. Check-in: Callous. The Riverbank web site advertised that &quot;Each room is equipped with state-of-the-art facilities including high-speed Internet, fax &amp; modem points, flat screen televisions, EU/US power sockets, direct dial telephone, a large work desk, mini-bar, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, laptop safe plus movie &amp; music channels on demand.&quot; Since they didn't charge extra for these other amenities i was quite surprised upon check-in that they would be charging us extra for the 24-hr internet access. ESPECIALLY since i had specifically emailed and verified with staff prior to arrival. When i showed them the email print out, the staff manager on duty simply shrugged and said the employee who had been corresponding with me was wrong, and there was nothing more to be done.We were still focusing on the bright side: 69 GBP with breakfast included was still a great rate for a business hotel in London. The hotel was in a great location, and there was a cool, hip bar/resto (Chino Latino) in the lobby to use our voucher.Room: 9th floor. Sleek, dark, modern furnishings, with jewel toned upholstery. The bed had nice firm pillows, crisp, cotton sheets, and fluffy comforter. Room was spotlessly cleaned every day, stable temperature with an adjustable thermostat. There were multiple plug-points (multi-region too) under the desk, which was really handy since we had 2 laptops and 2 cell phones to charge every night. What was a MAJOR disappointment and problem during our 7 day stay: the internet was down for 3 business days. It was an issue wit the ISP, which was not within the hotel's control. This time, the management was responsive and refunded the internet charge. Bathroom: was fairly large, modern fittings (large square sink, black/white tiling and steel fittings) about six steps between the loo and tub directly across. There was a shower stall (roomy, with glass door, excellent pressure) as well as a tub. The room did have a horrid view - situated on the side of the building, there was a tall office building with lots of windows, directly across from our room, with the train tracks towards the back. I'm not sure if we were just heavy sleepers during this trip or if the windows are double-reinforced, but the noise from the tracks did not bother our sleep. Breakfast: each morning, we went down to the ground floor, past the business center, to the cafeteria where the complimentary breakfast was served. It is a large room, with a sitting area with couches as well as cafeteria style tables/chairs. Pleasant staff greeted us, verified our room number and seated us promptly. Coffee and tea were served at our table, and refilled appropriately. Spouse ordered egg-whites every day (off menu) and was accomodated without fuss. The rest of the breakfast was buffet style/self-serve. There was one station with scrambled eggs (egg beaters), heinz beans, whole steamed mushrooms, bacon &amp; sausage. There was a 2nd station with an assortment of breakfast pastries (croissants, fruit cake, muffins, danishes - all fresh from somewhere, everyday), fruit salad (water melon, apples, grapes, oranges, berries, melon), stewed prunes &amp; figs, yogurt, muesli, white and dark bread, 3 types of cheeses and the usual assortment of orange &amp; strawberry jams. There was a juice station: apple, orange &amp; grapefruit. For a breakfast-inclusive rate, this was a good spread. My carnivore spouse got his fill of egg whites, bacon &amp; sausage and topped it off with brekafast pastries and juice. I was perfectly happy with the fresh fruit salad, muesli, yogurt, mushrooms and beans and muffins/croissant. Overall: we loved the location. Have great memories of our walks on the embankment. Chino Latino was cool to hang out at, and conveneint meeting place for quick get-together with business associates. Close proximity to Waterloo made it really convenient ot catch our Eurostar connection to Paris on the last day. Our room was fine for us, and aside form the cold reception at check-in and the ISP blip for th 3 days, we had no issues with our stay. During this trip we also stayed at Sunborn Yacht and Sumner Hotel. The Riverbank had better breakfast, the Sumner had reliable internet access, the Sunborn had reliable internet, average room with an expensive, poor quality breakfast.	
Mar 20 2007 	Fantastic 	I stayed at this hotel on 2nd &amp; 3rd March 2007 for my husbands 30th Birthday. I booked direct on hotel website and had a good weekend rate. Arrived at hotel 13.30 and was able to check in straight away and to our surprise upgraded to their 5* accomodation section 'Plaza on the River' and now had an executive suite. This was amazing seperate check in desk, champagne on arrival etc. The room was fantastic. It was our own little flat for the weekend. Had FULL kitchen facilities right down to dishwasher and washing machine. Dining Table and Chairs, Leather Sofa, Huge bed, Walk in shower, Flat screen TV you name it, the room had it. We had room service breakfast the two mornings, delivered and all set up for us. Turn down service with chocolates each evening. Those little things make all the difference. It did to us anyway. The hotel was very modern and chic. Quite expensive for drinks in hotel £12.50 for a pint of lager and a vodka and lemonade but you are central london, so that was expected and at a 5* hotel. We didn't use the tube at any time, we walked everwhere, as long as you don't mind walking - Good Advice - Wear comfortable shoes - I had to buy a new pair. I think you see more sights that way. A taxi from Paddingon cost us £8 there, but £12 on return because of traffic. A taxi into or from covent gardens/leicester square in the evening was anything between £7 and £11 depending on traffic and which route the driver took. This seemed to be the area to be in the evening. Saw Phantom of Opera also on Sat Eve - Amazing show !!!! Amazing Hotel !!!!!! Great Weekend !!!!!	
Mar 14 2007 	the good the bad and the ugly!	Booked on a special from last minute a couple of weeks ago....THE GOODvery impressive reception,bar and stylish and spacious bedrooms.Had dinner in the resteraunt(asian/western fusion) and it was surprisingly good,far better than I'd hoped for and not too pricey.THE BADNot really the ideal position to enjoy the nightlife.The telly was on the blink,The rather funky looking shower had nothing more than a drizzle(I had to run around to get wet!),Only one cup for making the tea,the window's were fitted with locks I couldn't open,and no hairdryer in the room(we asked but it never came).THE UGLY The room(as i'm told all standard rooms) overlooked the railway line and the bins,trains were pretty constant.	
Mar 14 2007 	Great Stay	Had a lovely long weekend during a Spanish bank holiday that allowed going back to London for a few days. The hotel was recommended by a friend and we are still gratefull he did that. Staff was very warm and welcoming - made us feel at home. At some point requested additional towels and less than five minutes later we were given 5 freshly washed towels. Great service.Rooms nicely firnished and we were lucky to have a riverview room - a true kodak moment! If some people complain about the hotel being off track we disagree. It might be a five minutes walk to the next tube but busses and taxis are available and when in London you will appreciate having one of the most splendid walks alongside the Thames in front of your doorstepp. Working in toursim myself in Spain I can highly recommend this hotel - well done.Eddy from Palma de Mallorca	
Mar 8 2007	Great value great location!	I booked the Riverbank Plaza online at Lastminute.com and got a great deal, I needed a hotel close to either Waterloo or Vauxhall stations and at £100 for a Monday night I thought it was a bargain.The location is fantastic, literally a 5 minute walk to Vauxhall.I was early arriving at the hotel and thought I would have to put my bags in with the Conceierge, but at 11.30am I was able to check in and move into my room.The rooms were spacious and modern, the beds were large and comfortable. The bathrooms were huge with a seperate bath and walk in shower. Plasma TV, internet via the TV, mini bar, all the things you'd expect.The gym was OK, just some cardio equipment, no free weights or weight machines.The only grumble, but I knew about the possibility of it before I arrived, was my room backed onto the train track, so the noise of the trains was a slight problem, nothing that some ear plugs wouldn't solve.I will definately be staying at this hotel again, having previously stayed on the other side of the river I will be booking in next time I'm in London to party as there are a number of excellent (gay)clubs in the area: Crash, Fire and Area: and being able to stumble back to the hotel and not bother with taxis!	
Mar 8 2007 	Lovely hotel shame about the view	Was a really lovely hotel! Room was great the only prob was where we was in a superior not a executive room we had a view of building work and a railway track! Made me and my parnter feel cheated because it had said views of all theselondon attractions did not state you had to stay in the executive room! It gave me the feeling of ' well they are in a lower class room, so lets give them the view of a railway track.' I undertand you get waht you pay for but the superiour room does not come cheap!I was very dissapointed the hotel is not in walking distace of anything apart from a 15minute walk to the train station that you have to walk unless we stayed in a counted the number of trains that went by!	
Mar 5 2007	Great Location Excellent VFM	Stayed here on Saturday night and booked it as a last minute secret hotel bargain and what a treat it was. Room was ready when we checked in at 2pm, which was unusual for a London hotel. The room was spacious, the bed was really comfy and after a bit of a false start, we got the hang of the flat screen TV and wireless internet stuff!! Lovely bathroom - deep bath and separate shower stall.As we had an executive room, we got a tray of goodies delivered including slippers, fruit, biscuits, mineral water and exec toiletries that went straight in my case to come home!Exec lounge on the 11th floor offered free drinks between 1800 - 2000 and breakfast was served there on the Sunday morning.OK, so we didn't have the best view in the world but we didn't stay there to look out of the window - we were out and about enjoying London and watching the flat screen when in the room.The only downside was the slightly whiffy smell of pee in the corridor. It looked as if something had been spilled on the carpet and then cleaned up, but the carpet hadn't dried out properly. Again, not a great big deal.Would definitely stay again.	
Feb 8 2007 	Railtrack view!!!!!	I have only just returned from staying at the Riverbank Plaza, in the Albert Embankment which was booked through my business contacts. Arriving at 1230hours my room was still not available until after1400hrs. This proved a problem as I had afternoon appointments, and it would have been nice to freshen up prior to these. I finally got my room on the 9th floor, and was very disappointed to find a variety of body hair in my bed. Things got worse as after finally getting to sleep I was awoken at 0530hrs by the trains running outside the window, which did not stop until it was time that I had to get up. Breakfast was very good and checkout was no problem.My advice to any visitor to this hotel is get a river facing room or stay at the sister hotel - the Victoria Park Plaza in Victoria, which has better travel links. I appreciate that there are many happy reviews, I would be the same if I would have had a different room.	
Jan 30 2007 	Riverbank Plaza	The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Vauxhall station. We arrived early but were delighted to learn that our room was ready. We booked an executive room using a special winter promotion the hotel was running. Unfortunately although the receptionist did try she could not get us a room with a view though she did say our room was on the quieter side of the hotel. The room really was no bigger than other rooms we've stayed in though we liked the bathroom with its walk in shower. The only view from the room was of other bedroom windows opposite - good job the curtains were of the blackout type!The executive package enabled us to visit the exec lounge for refreshments during the day and in the evening for canapes and complimentary wine. We didn't like the exec lounge: it looked a bit like a canteen, was odd shaped with had no atmosphere. If they'd built this at the front of the building with its fantastic views, made it larger and had some soft background music playing it would have been great. However the complimentary canapes and wine before going out were a wonderful bonus. The beds were reasonably comfortable although one gripe was that the window in the room was locked shut though there was air conditioning. Heating though was good and we never felt cold. As promised, the room was quiet.We were disappointed (though secretly relieved) the next morning that the exec lounge was full for breakfast with a 10 -15 minute wait so we went to the club lounge. Breakfast was the usual standard hotel fare.We visited the bar after our theatre trip but found it very smoky.Overall impressions: an imposing hotel with great views if you can get them. In our experience paying extra for an executive room is not worth the money. Although we enjoyed our stay we felt the hotel lacks a bit in atmosphere and warmth.	
Jan 23 2007 	Excellent	Staying at this hotel gave us nothing else but a memorable stay. Everything from the checkin til checkout was great. As my father had his 70th birthday we got a upgrade and the rooms were very tasteful. We recommed this hotel for your stay i London and you will not be dissapointed.Best regardsJohan	
Jan 17 2007	great full and excelent	The hotel was perfekt lokated and a perfekt near the river Thames, with lovely view over too Big Ben and the Parlament.It`s close too the subway and Oxford Street with all the perfekt shooping.The restaurant food was very tastefull and beatyfull arrenged. We had our breakfast att the lounchclub on 11 floor, the breakfast taste very good and had lots of different kind selection on the breakfast meny .The room was great and veiw form the River Thames.My wife and i had a greatfull tripp too London over a weekend and the staff was very nice and helpfull to us.We can senserly rekommend this Hotel and we will come bank again.This is a very pleasant hotel to stay att and the food in the restaurant you shouldend miss becaurse it is so good.	
Jan 16 2007	Fantastic views - great service	This is my second stay in the Riverbank Park Plaza - a very clean, thoroughly modern hotel within 10 minutes walk to Vauxhall Station.On my first stay, I was allocated a room at the rear of the hotel - backing onto Waterloo railway line - so the noise was rather intrusive. This time however I was allocated an Executive room at the front of the hotel with, in my view, probably one of the best views down the Thames towards Westminster &amp; the London Eye.Rooms extremely well appointed and the separate shower cubicle in the bathroom is a great, if uncommon asset in London hotels. Executive upgrade is well worth the money - as previous guests have written, it includes access to the Executive lounge but also allows you to choose breakfast in the Chino Latino restaurant (far superior to that served in the main restaurant) or in the Executive Lounge.Although some previous reviews have suggested poor levels of service, my experience has been that levels of customer service are exemplary - polite, friendly and very efficient. A combination of well appointed modern rooms, superb views and excellent customer service means that Riverbank Park Plaza may take some of my custom away from City Inn on the other side of the river - if I can be sure of securing a room at the front of the hotel.	
Jan 16 2007 	Elegant AND Friendly	For those who like a modern and elegant London hotel, and also appreciate a genuinely friendly attitude from efficient staff. The location is super, on the south bank, away from the usual unlively hotel areas. The view of the river and the Houses of Parliament is splendid. The rooms are wonderfully comfortable and the breakfast has everything one could want from an English establishment. We will be back soon!	
Jan 12 2007 	Stay for the view of House Parliament and Big Ben!	We booked 2 superior rooms included breakfast for 94 GBP as weekend rate deal. It was good value, but the rooms was very small and no view or view of another building or - even worse -face the tracks. The trains are running constantly and all day long. Having feel bad with the view and noise, we up graded it into executive room with view for additional 50 GBP each rooms. And suddenly, our stayed become beautiful and I wished I could have stayed longer. These impressive rooms have stunning views of the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben and the London Eye. The Executive room with view was not too big, but it is equipped with state-of-the-art facilities including high-speed Internet, fax &amp; modem points, flat screen televisions, EU/US power sockets, direct dial telephone, a large work desk, mini-bar, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, laptop safe plus movie &amp; music channels on demand.As Executive level guess, we got benefit from having exclusive access to the Executive lounge on the 11th floor with complimentary breakfast, all day refreshments and evening drinks and snacks. The breakfast has not much option and the service just everage. Compare to St James Sofitel breakfast, our previous days stay, it was not comparable.If we ever go back to London, I would stay at this hotel again, but I would like to stay at the room with view.	
Jan 9 2007 	room ok but customer service less than acceptable	The person on the phone from the hotel gave us the wrong directions to the hotel and it took us a lot longer than it should have. In the end we had to get a taxi. (they should have stressed that there are 2 tate galleries, we did not know!) if they did not know they should have passed us on to someone that did know.So we got there too late for drinks/ nibbles included in 'executive' package. Something to watch out for.. you get 1 hour of internet on exec package. We asked at reception and logged on to internet on tv for half an hour and found the next day they wanted to charge us 4.95 which made me quite cross. (cannot remember exact amount but it was about five pounds) apparently i hour is for Wireless. If I stayed again I would not get executive package.Bar staff in hotel bar were moody and receptionists not much better. The words that spring to mind at the time were 'computer says no' !	
Jan 8 2007 	Superb.	This is a first class hotel. The location is excellent, about 5 mins stroll from Vauxhall tube. The room was excellent, we had an executive room, but no river view. Breakfast was great. We didn't fancy the menu for an evening meal, but on the way to the tube is a fab Portuguese restaurant called Pico, great value!If I had to pick a bad point it would be that we had no robes in our room on arrival and had to ask for them. Thats it, everything else was just as you would like it to be.	
Jan 8 2007 	GEt what you pay for	Location was my main problem as it is a good 5-10 min walk from vauxall station and about a mile and a half to all the sights like Westminster - would have preferred to be more central Staff were really nice and the rooms were really clean and well decorated. Downside was the occasional noise from trains even though I was quite far from the rear of the building. Noise from neighbouring rooms was pretty bad- especially when they are having [--]!!I honestly would try to stay elsewhere if in London again but as a secret hotel on last minute.com its not that bad	
Jan 8 2007 	Could not fault anything	Stayed at the this hotel for one night and I wished I could have stayed longer. Booked directly the day before and having done the usual searches found it cheaper to actually book direct with hotel. There was nothing I could fault. Check in was quick and friendly. The room (double) was ultra clean and modern, bed and bedding extra comfy. In room safe, tea/coffee making facilities, iron and board, flat screen TV, DVD, internet access etc. Black and white bathroom with walkin shower AND seperate bath. Bar tastefully decorated - very modern with low lighting/leather seating/fresh flowers and waiter service. Unable to comment on the restaurant as we did not eat there. Having said that if we go back (and I am sure we will) I would like to sample the food. One thing that I was very pleased about was the late check out - 12 o'clock. This meant we could have a bit of a lay-in instead of the mad dash to shower/dress and out by 10! Check out was quick and easy and the walk to Waterloo Station took us 10 minutes along the embankment. I would definatly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 2 2007 	Good Enough	We stayed at the Riverbank during Christmas week and were impressed with the decor of this hotel. The rooms were very clean and the maids did a great job everyday.We upgraded to a bigger bed, however, the room was still small. I was very concerned about previous reviews which indicated that Vauxhall Tube Station was a good 15 minute walk. This is true, however, there is a bus stop just outside the front of the hotel which takes you right to the Tube station....I could not believe no one else mentioned this. It was so easy. Take the 77 or the 344 bus and when you are coming back to the hotel...get off at Vauxhall and walk to Bus Stop &quot;J&quot;, and the bus will drop you off right in front of the hotel.The breakfast was decent....not really worth 25 extra pounds per night....it would probably be cheaper to buy it separately. Internet is not free....do not get the in room internet, the keyboard is horrible and very hard to navigate and get anything productive done. The business center charges 4.95 pounds per hour to use their computers.If we ever go back to London, I would stay at this hotel again. The service was good. Rooms were clean. At night, it was quiet. It is appropriate for families as well.	
Jan 2 2007 	I Work in the Hotel Business	We just got back from our stay at the River Bank Park Plaza. I work at a top Las Vegas strip hotel as a customer service representative, so I know the hotel business. Do yourself a favor and DO stay at this hotel. First and foremost, the service is absolutely FIRST CLASS. Our every need and concern were attended to professionally and in a timely manner. (Another review expressed dissatisfaction with the staff. They must have been staying at a different hotel! The service could not have been better! Perhaps it was the way they interacted with the workers, but it was as good a service as one can find. They were not aware that I'm in the hotel business, by the way.) The hotel is situated right on the Thames. Our room had a fantastic view of the river, The Eye and Big Ben. The room is superb. The bed is comfortable, good sheets and all of the up-to-date amenities one would expect to find. The entire property was new, modern and extremely clean. There is a cool, hip bar. It's very close to the Underground. We could not have asked for anything better. River Bank Park Plaza will DEFINATELY be our choice for our next stay in London!	
Dec 31 2006 	Great hotel	We stayed in Riverbank Park Plaza for two nights and paid $370 including taxes. Great value!!! The hotel is on the Thames, 15 minutes from Big Ben and London Eye on foot.The hotel is modern with the usual amenities available at a 4-star hotel. At $185 per night in London, given the location and the room, it was a great value.The bathroom was great - both a tub and a shower stall.	
Dec 31 2006 	TOP HOTEL	We went to London for a few days break between christmas &amp; new year &amp; decided to book the Riverbank Plaza after staying at another Park Plaza hotel in Cardiff.We found that hotel excellent &amp; thought the Riverbank must be as good. How right we were !The hotel is 1st class. Its situated slightly out of the centre of London but its only a £5 taxi ride away or a 10 minute tube. The nearest tube station is Vauxhall &amp; the hotel is a 5 minute walk from there. There isnt much around the hotel apart from a few bars &amp; shops, but its situated on the river front with excellent views of the Thames, Houses of parliament &amp; the London eye.The hotel is very modern &amp; trendy(typical of the Park Plaza hotels).The bar &amp; restaurant looked great but we were out so much that we didn't get a chance to sample them,so we can't really comment on the food etc. However there were always plenty of people in them.The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful &amp; the concierge will bend over backwards to help you. We just booked a standard room which was very reasonable for the rating of the hotel.We didn't have a river view but if you paid extra you could have a river view.But because we were out so much,by the time we got back it was dark,so didn't think a view was neccessary this time. The room was very clean &amp; trendy,with a seperate bath &amp; shower, LCD TV,Air con etc.If you rang room service they were there within 5 or 10 minutes. We highly recommend this hotel &amp; would definately stay there again.	
Dec 30 2006 	absolute first class	Stayed at this hotel just once and what a treat. Really great rooms and if you are lucky will have a view of the Thames and Parliament. A Very nice hotel which I would recommend to anyone. I will return, A lovely walk along the south embankement to Westminster Bridge. Also saw Lisa Riley at Check out!	
Dec 30 2006 	Good rooms bad service	This is a stylish hotel with a nice bar. Good location. The executive rooms with a view are big and beautiful. The standard rooms could look directly into another building or - even worse -face the tracks. The trains are running constantly and all day long. The big problem of this hotel is the service on all levels. Most of the staff is friendly but nobody really cares. Many of them are simlpy unprofessional or untrained. One example: We stayed over Christmas and we knew that their restaurants would shut down for three (!) days the night before. By chance. You get informations in small pieces - if you get them. I would only recommend this hotel if you book an executive room with a view and if you can take care of yourself. If you like hotels in which the staff is polite and greeting you and taking care of your needs this is not your hotel. All in all we enjoyed our stay but we will not come back.	
Dec 13 2006 	Fantastic stay at The Riverbank Park Plaza	I don’t know where to begin…..I booked the Riverbank Park Plaza for my sisters 21st Birthday last weekend and can honestly say it was one of the greatest weekends I’ve ever had. We booked 3 River facing executive rooms and one Riverbank Suite for 8 of us. Upon arrival we were greeted by a very friendly doorman who pointed us in the direction of reception. We had to queue for 10 minutes but this was only because a coach had just arrived. A very friendly trainee checked us and gave us our keys to our rooms. The rooms were absolutely fabulous as were the bathrooms – separate shower cubicle as well as bath. Our Suite had a separate lounge area which was extremely spacious but best of all were the views!!! We were extremely lucky to have blue sky and sunshine even if it was a bit cold. Every room had clear views across the Houses of Parliament and down towards the London Eye – it was fabulous and well worth the upgrade fee. I believe the back rooms of the hotel overlook the train tracks into Waterloo so if you can afford the upgrade it’s well worth it.The hotel itself was very modern and beautifully decorated – Before going out for the evening we had a drink in the bar and the bar staff were lovely. Breakfast the following morning was superb….a huge selection from fruit, pastries, yogurts, cereal, and of course hot full English….As it was my sisters birthday we organised for the hotel to make a cake which we’ve all said was the best chocolate cake we’ve ever tasted….utter heaven!!! So if it’s a special occasion then definitely request the hotel to make a cake – it was worth every penny.Lastly one of the best attributes of the hotel is the Guest Relations Manager Albert. I contacted him prior to my arrival and he was the most helpful accommodating member of staff that just made the weekend extra special.I would recommend this hotel to anybody of any age. It was only a £5.60 for a black cab from Waterloo and £10.20 over the river to Piccadilly Circus so fantastically situated. If you fancy a brisk walk Sunday morning after breakfast then I strongly recommend coming out the hotel – turn right out the hotel and when you get to the bridge 50 yards in front of you walk down the steps so you are next to the river. Continue to walk along the river past the London Eye, The Tate Modern all the way to Borough Market and continue up to Tower Bridge – It’s a fabulous walk. If you don’t fancy the walk back then jump on the speed boat for £4.30 back and get off at Tate Britain which is opposite the hotel on the other side of the river and just walk over the bridge – This walk made our weekend complete!!!I can’t wait to return back to the hotel.	
Dec 12 2006 	Fantastic Service	Booked Hotel on Last minute web site and have to say that the service we received from all staff was excellent. Check in was quick and efficient and they also allowed us to check in at 10:00 am. Room was clean and trendy with a view of the river. All facilities were excellent, especially meal in club lounge, which was very reasonably priced. Location of hotel was also good and with just a 15 minute stroll you are in the centre of most things. Would recommend hotel to friends and will definitley stay there again.	
Dec 4 2006 	Executive upgrade made all the difference	Situated just across Lambeth Bridge and opposite the Houses of Parliament this hotel is in a prime location to take in probably the most well known building in the world! Great if you can get one of the suites overlooking the Thames, maybe not so good if your room is at the back of the hotel overlooking the the eight-track rail line.Our room was at the back of the hotel and, although we could hear the trains passing, it did not disturb us. We travelled to the hotel by car for a weekend stay. Overnight parking is £26. Check-in was extremely busy on our arrival and it did take quite awhile to get through the process. We booked through Priceline and got a good deal with their 'Name your own price'. The hotel offerred us a £25 upgrade 'executive package'. This included, special toiletries, robes, slippers, fruit, complimentary canapes and wine/beer in the 11th Floor Executive Lounge (between 6 p.m. and 8 p.m. ) and complimentary breakfast - at £12.50 each we found this excellent value.The room was stylish and modern with quite a large bathroom. It was good to have a separate shower but the absence of a bidet let it down slightly. There seemed to be a problem with the hot water during our stay, it took to an age to come even luke warm and I am not sure it would have been hot enough to have a bath.Overall a good stay at the price we paid - not sure I would want to pay the full price though.	
Nov 28 2006 	Very Poor Service for a 4 star hotel 	Very pokey room ( executive room )....and service with a smile does not come natural to this hotel, even when you tip the staff !....the front desk was a nightmare on check-in....disgruntled guest from Cambridge UK.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great Modern Hotel	We didn't actually book this hotel but were changed here from the Sherlock Holmes Hotel last minute.The hotel itself is great, very modern, the staff are very helpful, the room was very big etc but from our point of view the location let it down.We had booked the other hotel due to the central location.. unfortunately something which can't be said for this hotel. The nearest tube station is Vauxhall which is a good 15 minutes walk away... not great in the rain! We had to get taxis in the evening which is expensive.. especially when you hadn't planned for it!Overall this is a great hotel as long as you don't mind being South of the River. I'm sure the river view rooms are great but unfortuatnely we didn't get one!	
Nov 21 2006 	Best Customer Service !!!	I have stay in Riverbank last week and had a very bad start with a water leake in my room but Cedrik the duty manager apologise and room move us to a Suite with amazing view to the river and that definatly made up for it and even better after 45min some one knock at the door it was room service with a complimentary bottle of wine and an apologise letter for the inconvenience from Cedrik with is direct number in case we need anything. We are definatly coming back to Riverbank on our next trip to the UK. Highly recommended.	
Nov 20 2006 	Excellent Visitors from Western Australia	We my partner and I arrived on the 6th August for five days and were treated with the upmost respect by all staff. Our room was at the right side and we could see the river. We did not have any noise at all. Room was on the 3rd floor,big and very clean. On the Thursday the terriorist threat happened and the Conceirge Joe and his staff were excellent. Well done Guys. They pulled out all stops to help as I was flying to Vienna next morning and not sure if I had a plane. We were able to leave luggage also with Joe and his Staff.But on the return trip two weeks later the office front staff were so stressed and not experienced that it made it so hard to get back in. Far too many people trying to book in and they were rude to staff. Our room was not ready and we had two nights in two separate tickets. They the office staff made a mess of the booking, which really made it not nice.Meals were excellent and the breakfasts were great.We would stay there again and found it was easy to catch a train or bus as we liked to walk so 10 minutes did not worry us.	
Nov 15 2006 	great if you like trains	The hotel looked great and was suprised to be upgraded to a suite. The suite was excellent with a lovely bathroom. I was overlooking the train lines but thought I was safe on the 10th floor. at 0420 the following morning the trains started running and continued nonstop, this ruined the experience for me.the breakfast the following morning was poor and the wait for a table was not acceptable.Due to the noise outside I will not be staying again	
Nov 13 2006 	Amazing hotel!!	I felt I should add a review here after reading so many and finally using the ones I read about this hotel to make my booking.I have to say that me and my girlfriend have just spent Saturday night (Nov 06) in the Riverbank Plaza and the experience was amazing. The hotel is immaculate and very smart, well designed and decorated. I took peoples advice to book a River view room early and we were very lucky as im sure we were given one of the best rooms in the hotel! We were on the 10th floor and the view was nothing less than amazing!! (ive attached a pic). The room is very contemporary and is very plush with a comfy bed, lcd tv and great bathroom.The check in desk was a little slow, but when serving they were very helpful. The concierge was extremly helpful and phoned over 20 restuaraunts trying to help me get dinner reservations!I think that anyone who wants a quiet hotel in central London is a bit mad! This hotel was far from noisy but you should always expect a bit of noise in this sort of area. Personally we had a great nights sleep.I think you get what you pay for, and this room was certainly not cheap, but it was an amazing experience and I would highly reccomend it to anyone.	
Nov 7 2006	Bad experience	I booked a guarnteed river view room directly from the hotel for eight nights and paid an extra amount to have the view. When I checked in, the front desk told methat they are fully booked and they don't have available river view room!! I replied that my reservation was guarnteed and what is the meaning of GUARANTEE!!!! They promised to get me one in the morning and offered me a nice looking suite but I couldn't get rest because it was just over the railways and trains are passing by every minute, it was really NOISY. In the morning they found a river view room for me and promised to move my bags to the new room. They didn't, I moved them after they gave me the room in the afternoon!I think the building wasn't designed to be a hotel because you will feel and hear every movement not only in the room above you ut the whole floor above you and the rooms next to yours. That was it. I checked out after my second night in the hotel instead of EIGHT nights. The hotel front desk didn't even bother to ask WHY?Actually, I heard too many people complaining to the front desk representatives and it was really significant.To be fair, here are the pros and Cons:Pros:1- great view with only river view rooms (ONLY)2- nicely decoratedCons:1- badly managed2- noise comes from everywhere3- location (nothing nearby, no stores or resturants)4- transportation (specially if you use buses)5- over priced	
Oct 30 2006 	Sylish Hotel on Thames	Booked a secret deal lastminute thought the review section named the restaurant so with a web search we found the name of the secret hotel. We were slow checking in the early afternoon even with 5 staff on the receptions, just a timing issue. The Executive double room on 11th was nice stylish and the usual small size of modern hotels. Comfortable bed, good TV, ironing board in the cupboard and tea/coffee selction available. The bathroom was excellant -clean and fresh -with separate shower and bathWe were missing the freebie items which we reported and they were duely there when we returned. Also the room had been set to very cold with the AC, not necessary and environmently friendly for this conscienious age.The bar downstair is trendy and quietly busy, but expensive even for London. Breakfast was nice, not too busy as most people don't have it included. Continental seclection was good but not as vaired as some. The Full english was ok, though the fried eggs were not properly cooked on top which is sloppy. Our tea and coffee did not come immediately, we had to ask twice more and no-one offered us toast which we had to request.Location was excellant, with a travel card the buses to Vauxhall or Waterloo were regular, opposite was the old Tate museum with it's clipper service downriver. Okay, not dead centre but who wants to be near all that noise and so many people. Definately a relaxing hotel and very plesant, and we would go again.	
Oct 29 2006 	best thing to happen to Vauxhall	I work in the Vauxhall area and have used the Riverbank Park Plaza for numerous work related and social events. I remember when it opened there were a LOT of start up hitches with the staff and service levels - not many people who stayed there from my office were impressed. Some of their issues, which have already been raised such as proximity to rail tracks I doubt have disappeared. However, I have always been lucky enough to get a riverview room, so have enjoyed the brilliant views like others and missed out on the bad side. The executive lounge is nothing special as a room, but it is nice to have a quiet area outside of your room to read the paper, have a drink - complimentary beer/wine/cheese in the evenings. The bar is extraordinarily expensive, even by London standards but the good news is there are a few good pubs, bars and restaurants in the area now. On the walk from the hotel to Vauxhall tube you have Madeiras Bakery &amp; Cafe, an Italian wine bar that does good, cheap pastas, Pico Bar &amp; grill - fantastic for Tapas &amp; Sagres, one street back you have the Lavender Pub (down the street between the petrol station &amp; Maderia) which has a relaxed atmosphere and good gastro food. There are also now a couple of gay clubs and bars in the area. I've always founf the staff helpful and frienly at the RBP be it for business or leisure.	
Oct 24 2006 	The perfect choice!!!!	We stayed at the Riverbank last weekend. And I have to say, after staying in London for so many times, I was overwhelmed with what we got for 90 Punds per night. A very cool and comfortable room that was absolutely quiet, a huge and clean bathroom with luxurious amenities. And despite some negative reviews about the service, we had a warm and professional welcome and were treated more than nicely. There was no queue at check-in and check-out and both took less than five minutes... If I came back?? Definitely. Stayed at &quot;grand&quot; hotels such as Park Lane Hilton, Park Lane Sheraton and the Millennium Hotels before, but no one was as good as the Riverbank Park Plaza.	
Oct 24 2006	very modern / good hotel	this hotel is spotless clean , luxury surroundings nice big bedroom and bathroom bedding and towel spotlessly white and clean , drink in hotel bar expencive , choice at breakfast not as good as some hotels i,ve stopped in . but over all this is a great hotel. i will definitely return here .	
Oct 22 2006 	A great contempory Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night on business back in June. I have nothing but praise for it, it is a new hotel so everything is very clean and modern.The room has a plasma tv and the bathroom is spotless.The bar is great and the restaurant serves great food.	
Oct 22 2006	Pretty good but not for tall folks	Stayed here the first 2 nights of a Trafalgar Tour. Checkin was confusing as they did not seem to understand that my partner (male) and I wanted 1 room together. Hey, this is London in 2006, isn't it? The hotel was nice, though we ended up with a room on the 1st floor that faced the railway tracks. One odd design note (at least, I thought it odd): the ceilings were noticeably low--about 7 ft [2.1m]--in most of the hallways and rooms of the place, which made it seem a bit cramped. Not a good place to stay if you're tall, I'd say. The other major complaint was the dismal state of the exercise room. It looked like someone was in the midst of setting it up when the hotel was being built, and then forgot to finish the job. Location was OK, though rather a long walk to a tube station. The lobby lounge looked good, but was too smoky to enjoy (such is most of Europe). At least there is a small food market a short walk from the hotel's front door, which was a plus for us jet-lagged Californians. Oh, and the television *is* rather confusing--it has to boot up like a computer before you see anything on-screen--but we did manage to figure it out. Our card keys had to be re-coded after the first night, which was another technical glitch.	
Oct 17 2006 	Nice but the tellies don't work	I stayed here twice over the past fortnight in different rooms each time. The rooms are spotless and modern rather than the chintzy, frilly nylon sheets look of many London hotels in this price bracket. Call me a philistine but the &quot;art&quot; works around the place are unusually trippy - I had a painting of a 7ft doll carrying a snarling lapdog in one room -glad I didn't have a hangover. A 6ft green umbrella had pride of place in the second room... The staff are really friendly and the breakfast is great. The one problem I had both times is that the TV doesn't work. There seems to be a design fault with the cables which cut out or just don't work at all. Its all very well having a posh flatscreen TV with internet access but if it doesn't switch on you are sat waiting for the repair man for a couple of hours staring at the four walls. In 2 stays I've met the TV repair man 5 times in total. I feel like I'm stalking the poor guy. So, if you're going out on the town then stay here but if you're having a night in go elsewhere where they have a working telly.	
Oct 16 2006	Great hotel highly recommended	Stayed for one night at this hotel. I've stayed at other hotels in the same chain and this one was just as good as the others.Check in at the hotel was chaos when we arrived, they were ill equipped to cope with two coaches, however when I checked in later the staff were attentive and friendly. Our room was on the 4th floor, no particular view although you could see the river and the railway line. The railway line didn't cause any disturbance although it could be heard. Beds were extremely comfortable, bathroom was fantastic, and a good choice of TV channels.I loved the location being out of the city and on the riverbank, within easy walking distance of the attractions of the southbank. Although appreciate comments that apart from the hotel there are few shops or places to eat in the area. There was a good selection of food at breakfast and it was always well stocked. The staff were all polite and generally the hotel was very clean.A good place for a London city break. Although I think room location within the hotel could affect your opinion. Other people in our party experienced road noise, railway noise, or music until late from the function rooms.	
Oct 11 2006	Nice!!!!	Once again the Riverbank Park Plaza was a perfect choice in London. Good service and a big great room with a view to kill for.. Second time at the property and I will come back!	
Oct 2 2006 	Great Value Great Hotel	We booked the Riverbank as it was close to our dinner engagement, didn't expect much, just wanted a bed for the night.How pleased we were to have that view! Looking East along the Thames, London Eye to right, Westminster Palace to left, stunning!!!We paid £139 for room, parking and breakfast - although I think they got that a bit wrong, they do seem to have their fair share of new people at the front desk.A bottle of champagne (Perrier Jouet) only £40 at the bar - Chino Latino - the bar snack menu is superb and good value.Don't bother with club lounge on 11th floor, if you must, then check it out before you pay, it's not worth it!When I go back I'll do a deal on the parking with the doorman - Stephen - as most people were slipping cash to him rather than paying the £26/day fee.Highly recommended.	
Sep 25 2006 	Serious staff issues	The front desk staff at this hotel are the worst I have come across in many years. The initial person I approached upon arrival flat out refused to check me in (despite having nothing to do), telling me I had to see her colleague at the other end of the desk, who had a queue of people waiting in front of her. Both women were rude with questionable English-language skills. The whole check-in procedure was unnecessarily lengthy and inefficient. Check-out was painfully slow as well and was carried out with no hint of customer-facing friendliness, no questions as to whether the stay was alright, no smiles, nothing, as if it was all too much of a bother for them. The actual room (away from the train tracks) was fine, nice sleek bathroom, comfortable beds etc. The location is excellent, 5 min walk to Vauxhall tube. It's reasonable value for money paid. However the whole enterprise is seriously let down by the utterly incapable and inefficient staff. There are better options in this part of town at the same price.	
Sep 17 2006	Nice Hotel mediocre location 	The hotel was clean &amp; located in what seemed to be a safe and reasonably convenient area for sightseeing (near Parliament &amp; Westminister Cathedral). To prevent the room from smelling like mildew always leave the air conditioning on. From the American perspective, I did'nt think communication would be as difficult as it turned out to be; English obviously was not the primary language of most of the hotel staff (or for many of the service workers in London for that matter). Another nit is the food available in London. While the hotel room service was timely and the room service staff were polite, it's advisable to ask what is included in the selections (a club sandwich included cajun chicken, mustard &amp; a fried egg). The salads, while not plentiful, were not bad (only one, unfamilar dressing was available) and the chicken was acceptable, but all the beef related products had an unusual taste (possibly due to grass fed vs corn fed cows). In addition to not being satisfying, the food was expensive. Also, be advised that EVERYTHING in London seems to close by six PM.	
Sep 15 2006 	Hotel 4 star the staff 2 star	The building is beautiful, but most room do not face the river. The front desk was staffed with trainees that needed help.The bus boys are the concierge they are helpful but not professional with giving help about town. The room maid did not replace a tissue box when she was left an empty one (she removed it). The breakfast is a joke, high price and poorly cooked. There is a food store just to the right as you go out the door. Location is very good, you can walk to many things or take a bus across the street.	
Sep 13 2006	Fantastic view	Stayed in one of the rooms with a view over the river thame, fantastic. Great ambience and friendly staff and very funky main bar as well. Will definately come back again.	
Sep 12 2006 	Very Nice Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for two nights, once at the beginning of our trip to France/Belgium, and once at the end. We chose the hotel because of it's proximity to Waterloo Station and the Eurostar. The first night was a &quot;getaway&quot; package which included breakfast and a bottle of wine for something like 89 pounds, while the second night was a AAA rate of 79 pounds with no breakfast.The hotel is very new and quite nice! The staff was friendly and the check-in/check-out process was smooth and expedient. The hotel (including the bar/restaurant) itself has a very modern, &quot;chic&quot; feel to it.Our room seemed relatively spacious for European standards, we had room for our luggage (two big suitcases), and there was a desk next the bed and a very small sitting area. The flat screen TV was nice and offered a fair number of channels. The bed was very comfortable and both of our rooms were VERY quiet. I'm a light sleeper to begin with and normally wear earplugs when traveling, but I didn't have to in this hotel. I had read some of the reviews which stated that the rooms facing the train tracks may be noisly, so I requested rooms that did not face them. Both of our rooms face the interior of the hotel (windows looked onto other rooms with a small &quot;atrium&quot; open to the sky for light) and were very quiet, so I was pleasantly surprised.There are virtually no restaurants/hotels in immediate proximity, and the closest tube station (Vauxhall) is about a 5-10 minute walk. However, this was ok for us. It's right across the street from the Thames, and just a short ways down from Parliament, so the view at night is very nice!We walked to/from Waterloo station, about 15 minutes, along the river at night and felt relatively safe (warranted or not). You basically walk towards the London Eye, then head away from the river a block to Waterloo. It's a nice, scenic walk on the river.Overall, a very nice hotel and a reasonable price for London. If you want something clean and modern, and don't mind walking to get to restaurants, this is a great hotel with a nice view!	
Sep 10 2006 	One night at the RIverbank	Got this hotel on Priceline for $150 including taxes (but no breakfast) for one night based on proximity to Victoria station for our early morning trip to Gatwick. Our room was very clean and spacious. The bedding and pillows were exceptionally comfortable. Hotel was filled with tour groups and it was a little noisy in the evening and the line to check out in the morning was really long. Pretty setting, but not as convenient to Underground and smaller neighborhood restaurants as other hotels we've stayed in.	
Sep 8 2006	Good Value But Not Impressive Hotel	This hotel is well situated - a 15 minute walk from Waterloo station. It also is very affordable for London and the rooms are very modern, clean and comfortable. The rooms also have very nice new washrooms. The basic rooms are what you would expect from a higher end hotel.In all honesty, I think you get more than you pay for with these rooms. I paid about 115 pounds for a standard room.My criticism of the hotel is the check-in and check-out staff are very slow and give off a snootiness that one would expect at the Ritz. The problem here, however, is that this hotel isn't the Ritz and you get the distinct feeling they don't really care about you.I specifically asked if they could please give me a room that was away from the train tracks that run passed the back of the hotel. Given that I had a basic room, they could have said &quot;no sorry we can't do that with your room.&quot; But instead, they said &quot;sure no problem&quot; and then proceeded to give me a room right by the train tracks. If a hotel tells me they are going to do something for me, I expect it to be done. I was exhausted and only staying overnight so I left the issue alone. Also, there is nobody in front of the hotel (at least not that I saw) to help with luggage or hail taxis for you. In addition, once I found a doorman and asked for a taxi to which he replied &quot;oh the hotel has a VIP car service that we offer and our driver is right over here and he'll take you there right away.&quot; I declined initially as I thought it would be quite expensive and all I needed was a basic taxi. The doorman said &quot;no please take our VIP car - it's the same as a taxi except it's here right now and no need to wait for a taxi.&quot; I figured this was the Park Plaza so if they said they offer this comparable taxi service than I was comfortable in believing them. Not surprisingly, it turns out they charged me about 50% more than a taxi - charged me a seemingly random flat rate - no taxi meter in the car. Given that I asked for a taxi and they told me this service was the same thing, I was not impressed that they tried to take me for a ride of a different kind. It was only a few extra pounds that they charged me, but I planned on complaining to management upon my return. Too bad the counter was so busy - I again gave up and just accepted it but I'm not impressed with this hotel's service. But it is a good deal for the room you get.	
Sep 7 2006 	Lovely hotel shame about the view!!	Excellent service, courteous staff, lovely rooms.Breakfast was exellent, with lots of choice.5-10 minutes walk away from Westminster bridge.Had a room over the railway line initially but was moved to a quieter room the next day, an upgraded room too with bath and walk in shower!! Would definately stay here again.Excellent base for exploring London.Shame there was no view of the Thames but wasn't really expecting one, not without paying the £50.00 per night supplement!!!Overall very good.	
Aug 28 2006 	Good for me but.........	I recently stayed at this hotel in a River View Excecutive Room which had fantastic views of Big Ben, Houses of Parliment, London Eye and also the river. The room was fantastic and the view even better- must be one of the best &quot;Rooms with a view&quot; in London.The hotel is only a short walk from Vauxhall tube and there is a garage very close to the hotel with an off license which sells wine, beer and spirits a lot cheaper than using the mini barHad a meal in Hotel Restaurant, Chino Latino - excellent food and cocktails but very expensive. Breakfast is OK served buffet style.Now comes my gripe. Reception staff and checking in and out proceedures are poor. They took my credit card details and insisted that I pre -signed for an extra £25 a day for extras which would be adjusted up or down at checkout. First time I have experienced this. This proceedure was causing chaos at check in with other people. My room was assigned but was not ready. When I returned to the hotel after the theatre my key was presented by reception staff. I then found the key would not open my assigned room- trudging back down to reception it took some time to find out they had put some other people in my room and reassigned a different room of the same catorgary to me whilst I was out!On checkout it took numerous attempts, and a great deal of time to get the bill correct. I have never come across so many people complaining about room types, incorrect rates and poor service at checkout - quite amazing. Most of these people were asking to speak to the Duty Manager as they were frustrated, as I was, with the reception staff.This is a very good hotel that is being spoilt by poor reception service and proceedures, A lot of it is down to training and administration proceedures but it needs sorting and quickly as it will affect the reputation of a good hotel	
Aug 28 2006 	4 star hotel 2 star service	Stayed for two nights having booked through the hotel website. Firstly, the standard (though they call them superior) room was excellent. Nice decor, clean bathroom with bath and seperate shower, comfy bed and pillows, large lcd tv with dvd player. Location was fine - only 10-15 mins walk to the London eye then another 10 mins to Trafalgar Square. However, housekeeping was appauling. Firstly, we rang down on four occasions to get tea, coffee, sugar etc .. restocked as this was not topped up. Secondly, piles of laundry were left in the corridor for 24 hours +. Breakfast, by any standards was poor. Not a great selection, not very well cooked and not very hot! £13 for continental or £17 for full english is a bit of a rip off! Lastly, though it says about some rooms with river views on the website, we were told that no superior rooms have river views (unless you pay a £25 upgrade). Overall a 4 star hotel but 2 star service .. thus an inbetween 3 star review.	
Aug 21 2006	brilliant	Great hotel, good location, friendly helpful staffdefinately use again	
Aug 16 2006 	Modern comfortable hotel	I booked this as a last minute city break so was nicely surpised on arrival at the standard of the hotel for the price we had paid. The room we were allocated was not at the front of the hotel sadly :o( - (in fact I'm not quite sure where it was)!! Not at the back facing the railway lines anyway (thank goodness as it was very noisy in the corridors at the windows that looked onto these). We looked into other rooms within the hotel but it was quiet. Plenty of fast lifts with hardly any waiting to get you wherever you need to go in the building.The rooms are fantastic, clean and spacious, very modern up to the minute with detail and content as was the bathroom. The bed was so comfortable as soon as you lay down on the mountain of incredibly soft pillows it was hard not to drift off. They have everything you would need to enjoy your stay, choice of several TV channels, internet access, pay to view movies etc etc. Tea/ coffee making facilities, hairdryer, hangers, safe, notepaper and other little surprises like travel sewing kit, an iron and board - not a steam iron so make sure your clothes are packed well ironed so it's only travel creases you need to get rid off. Room was cleaned/made up on a daily basis at times that were convenient to us.Breakfast was plentiful no matter what time you arrive - served buffet style with something for everyones taste.5-10 minute walk to Vauxhall Train Station and 5-10 min walk to the London Eye in opposite direction with great views of Big Ben and Houses of Parliment on the way.Excellent choice of hotel if you want to be somewhere quiet but close enough to the city.Only one minor complaint - it was a trainee who I spoke to at the check-in desk and I think she could have made more of an effort as she was my first contact (being a trainee I would have expected more enthusiasm and maybe a smile) but I'm sure the management are in control of that - the rest of the staff were so polite and helpful, we couldn't fault them in any way.Overall lovely stay.	
Aug 11 2006 	nice hotel bad location	my husband i stayed at the riverbank park plaza for one night. the hotel is very new and modern, and the room was spacious as was the bathroom. however, we had a horrible view of train tracks and a parking garage (?) so make sure you request a room with a view if you plan on staying here. the lady who checked us in was a bit snooty (you'd think someone who is in traning would be friendlier) but otherwise everyone else seemed nice. my biggest complaint is the location of this hotel. my husband and i arrived at our hotel from heathrow via the tube and it was quite a walk from the vauxhall tube station. it's true that you have a great view of westminster and big ben from the front of the hotel but i would not recommend this hotel for tourists (esp first-timers) soley because of the location. you'd waste too much time getting from one place to the other.there were a lot of businessmen at the hotel and that's probably who it's best suited for.	
Aug 7 2006 	Excellent for Business	I was really impressed with the value for this hotel. It's very modern, high tech, has satellite LCD TV and beautiful artwork in the rooms. The room service was good, the staff was very good, location is near a lot of the major sites. A big plus for me is that there was a little grocery / convenience store next door. I had breakfast included in my rate and the breakfast had a good selection.Though it's primarily a business hotel, I'd be happy to bring my family there.	
Aug 5 2006 	Loved this hotel!	I got a great rate through an online travel site. We were only scheduled to be there for one night in early July, but as soon as we saw the hotel, we booked it for our return trip to London the following weekend. They even gave us the same discounted rate for the following weekend- about $129/night including breakfast (excluding taxes). The hotel was clean, modern, and well-decorated. The rooms were large and comfortable and the bathrooms were also large, spotless, and modern. The location was great- only a 10-minute walk to the Vauxhall underground station. The staff was generally very professional and helpful. The only problem we had was with the concierge staff through whom we booked a day trip to Stonehenge. Although the hotel appears to have a relationship with one of the tour companies, the concierge didn't seem very knowledgeable about the tour company or the trips it offered. We booked the trip anyway for the next day, our last day in London. Unfortunately, the shuttle provided by the tour company left the hotel before the scheduled departure time and when we asked if that was our bus, the concierge told us it was not our bus. Well, it was and the bus left without us! The concierge that morning, who barely spoke English, had our names and should have made sure the bus didn't leave without us. Instead, he told the driver that we weren't there, even though we were in the lobby waiting! When we asked a second time about the bus, we were told that that was our bus. Then he told us to take a taxi to Victoria Station at our expense. We went to Victoria train station, only to learn that the tour buses departed from Victoria Coach station a couple blocks away. We missed our bus and never got to see Stonehenge thanks to the concierge with limited English proficiency.	
Jul 30 2006 	Loved the unscheduled wake up call at 5.45 a.m	It's a shame we couldn't give it a 0. The riverview room we booked was given to VIPs (nice to see that all customers are treated equally)... despite the hotel promising us a river view room on 3 occasions.Furthermore, we asked numerous times for our mini-bar to be opened. Each time we were promised that our mini-bar would be opened electronically. It was never opened.Finally, we were woken up on our final morning (my birthday, as it happens) at 5.45 a.m (unscheduled) by hotel security saying there was a 'Fire alert' in our room. There was no such alert but most annoyingly there was no word of apology for waking us up.A real shame. I can't believe that people are giving this hotel either 4 or 5 out of 5 when we were constantly dismayed by the level of service.	
Jul 29 2006	it was enjoyable.	I stayed at the Park Plaza hotel in London for one night only.I enjoyed my stay, it was in a fine location and had wonderfull views and luxurious rooms. On the negative side I believed that if the hotel had had another resterant it would have been even better. 4/5	
Jul 28 2006	Great hotel if you like walking a bit	The hotel is new and very contemporary. It is very nice, the interior designers did a great job. I had read other Trip Advisor's reviews, so I asked for a &quot;not too nosy&quot; room at the front desk when we arrived. They offered me an upgrade package (50 U$s extra per night includes breakfast and a welcome tray, etc.). Althought I didn't accepted it, the lgirl at the front desk gave us a side room (it wasn't riverview, but it was far from the noisy train tracks at the back). The hotel was really full, so she gave us the handicapped room, that they reserved for disabled passengers.The room was big and comfortable. It has a nice desk, a king size bed, nice decoration, and a good plasma TV. It is real that it takes 5 minutes to understand how to use it, but if you call the front desk, they send you immediatelt somebody who explain it.I have a problem with the safe, and they send me a security clerk very soon too. You really feel very nice treated in this hotel. I read other reviewers complaining about the 50 u$s deposit that they charge when you arrive. The gril at the fornt desk explained it very clear, and they really don't charge your credit card. The other complain was about the automatic charge when you pick something up at the minibar. There is a big sign in the door that explains that, and a fair empty space to acommodate our own groceries, so we had no complain.There is a good grocery store next to the hotel, where you can buy pastries, milk, yoghurt , sandwiches and yummy middle eastern food, in case you are in a low budget. (Eating in London is VERY expensive, believe me).Just one complain: Wi-Fi in the room has a poor signal, and it costs 19 u$s per day! We lost the connection all the time! (The better place to use my laptop was sitting on the toilet!). Althought the nearest tube station (Vauxhall) was 6 blocks walking to the west), I recommend you to enjoy the walk to Westminster station instead. It is 10 blocks to the East, but wyou will enjoy the lovely view of the Big Ben and the Parliament across the Thames River (why you are going to London if you don't want to enjoy that incredible sightseeing?)Last but not least: buy a one day roundtrip ticket in any boat cruise line. Circle line has a hop on-hop off ticket for just 14 u$s (just 5 extra bucks than the tube daily ticket, but you will enjoy sailing across the Thames instead of going underground). You can visit St Paul Cathedral, Tate Modern, Shakespeare' Globe Theatre, Tower of London, Tower bridge and many other attractions in that single day using the boats.	
Jul 27 2006	Good Hotel	I was rewarded this room through Priceline for 134USD plus tax. It was a good deal. The room was very nice and clean. The man at the front desk couldn't answer any questions but he was training. We had a very early train leaving from Waterloo and the hotel is only a 12 min walk to the train station. It is close enough to walk to most of the main attractions. I would stay here again if I got it for less than 150USD.	
Jul 25 2006 	At Last a True 4 *	From the moment we checked in until we checked out everything was perfect. The staff were helpful and polite, the room was a delight and spotlessly clean ( it was just a pity we couldn’t have had a river view) and the meal we had in The Club Lounge on Saturday evening was delicious and expertly served. Breakfast the next morning, although very busy, was dealt with in a clam efficient manner by the restaurant staff and to wait was a minor inconvenience.We had booked on a Summer Saver Rate which was excellent value and we weren’t made to feel we were second class guests (as had happened at SAS Portman Raddison only a few weeks ago). At last we have found a hotel we feel confident to return to again and again and are desperately trying to find a date when we can come back.	
Jul 9 2006 	Posh hotel boring neighbourhood	I stayed in this big hotel for work reasons for one night in June. I attended a big conference, so there were many 'business people' staying. I got the impression that this is the case a lot, especially during the week. It makes the hotel less personal, but I don't mind that. The hotel has got very nicely decorated and spacious rooms. The bathroom was beautiful with black marble and also very spacious. It had a bath and seperate shower. My room faced another part of the building and was very quiet. There was a multifunctional telly, you could watch your own dvd's and use the internet on it (5 pounds per day). Although it was a very good hotel, I had booked another hotel for the other two nights that I was staying in London, because I prefer to stay in area's with local shops and restaurants and there are hardly any in the area of the hotel, It's not really a residential neighourhood. Also I thought the hotel is too far away from a underground station (10 minutes to Waterloo station). But if you want a good, convenient hotel that is close to some of the sightseeings of London, I would recommend this hotel (don't know about the price though, but can imagine they do good deals in the weekend. It's worth checking).	
Jul 7 2006	Good and not so good	I stayed a the Riverbank in late June 06. It is new, clean and smart. The only down side is all the rooms facing the rail line are noisy until 12pm and start again at 5am. Trains passed by every 10 to 15 minutes and you can hear them.Even the excecutive suite where we stayed is on the back facing the line and the receptionist said that all the suites are facing the back.To move to the front where the river view and House of Parliament is located they ask for an extra 88 dollars per night. They won't budged even down size to an ordinary room presumably so that they can keep all the front rooms for the 88 dollars up grade.The nearest underground is 10 minutes walk away. Not too bad actually.Taxis are expensive in London. Everywhere you go it cost 15 dollars minimum upwards.If you can be sure to get the front river view rooms then it is a good hotel. When you do get a good rate on some web sites then it is an excellent value for money.Breakfast is not included and expensive. There are a few nice coffee bars 5 minutes away towards the subway at a far cheaper price with good patisery.	
Jun 25 2006	great view and service	Beautifully designed rooms. Easy access to Internet. Great breakfast and dinner. Excellent service. Great view over Big Ben and The Parliament. Short walking distance to the Vauxhall Station with fast transports. Also walking distance to the London Eye. Overall a very pleasant stay, which we can highly recommend.	
Jun 21 2006	waterloo train line park plaza	This hotel has one major problem, a good numbef of the rooms do not face the riverside as the name suggests, unfortunately they face directly on to the Waterloo Railway main line.This has the effect of giving rooms facing that way, an intolerable noise level until late in the night, and restarting very early in the morning. This ruined oour break away from our young children, and as the hotel uses the riverside to its advantage in both name and description, gets a thumbs down from me	
Jun 16 2006	Modern great amenities great price	I booked a room at the hotel for a long weekend. I took the train from Paris. The hotel is about a 20 minute walk from Waterloo station...a nice little stroll along the Thames. The hotel is new and the decor is modern chic. Lots of business travelers here. My room was great. Roomy and well appointed--big, fluffy bed, flat screen tv, dvd player, usual mini bar stuff and a combo plug at the desk. You can use either the British outlet, the Euro outlet or the US outlet. No adaptor needed. Only one Euro outlet and one US outlet, but a nice feature. I used the Euro outlet to plug in my mobile phone charger (phone purchased in France), the British outlet for the hotel hairdryer and the US outlet for my hot rollers while I got ready to go out for a night on the town. The bathroom was wonderful. Big and luxurious. Full sized bath tub and separate shower. I had just walked ALL OVER Paris and my feet were killing me. I had put up with a really small bathroom in Paris, so I felt like I had died and gone to heaven. I got a fantatsic deal on this hotel via one of the online travel sites. I liked the hotel and would stay here again. No doubt about it.	
Jun 13 2006 	London in a day...	This was one of the craziest trips I have ever been on. I volunteered to mule an important package to the UK as it was the fastest, cheapest and most reliable way to get this parcel to the UK. I flew from Toronto to London and back to Toronto in forty-one hours.I delivered the parcel to a downtown location and spent the day seeing sites by foot. I pulled into an internet cafe in The West End and searched online for the best deal on London hotels. I like modern and clean. I found this hotel on a popular hotel wholesaler for $200 CAD including tax. That's about £75. I was astonished by the price, the location, the ammenities and the entire package. I booked in realtime and flagged a taxi to cross the river and head to the hotel. I was very pleased by the lobby decor, the St. Germain-esque music in the lobby. The swanky lounge. The check-in attendant had difficulty locating my reseravtion and was then astonished by the rate I had prepaid. He had the manager come to confirm. He wwas aware of the promotion and pleasantly welcomed me to the hotel. I got to the room and it was so clean and comfortable. It took me almost five minutes to determine that the key to the room also engages the power to the lights and television. This is obviously to prevent guests from leaving the lights on while out of their room.The washroom looked virgin. I would have plated and eaten a meal from the sink. The glass doors on the shower look like a nightmare for the housekeepers. I can see a great deal of Windex glass shine being used for the cleaning of these units. The flat screen television was beyond my capability. I was also too tired to use it. I plugged my noteboook into the desk/workstation. I love a hotel that has a dataport and not just wi-fi internet. The power supply was global. There were AC sockets for all international plugs. I brought a converter, but it was a nice touch that I have not encountered elsewhere.My colleagues travel to London often. They stay in Hyde Park at one of the three Hiltons. I told them all about the hotel that I had the pleasure to stay at and they have all vowed to give it a go on their next visit to the city.Great view of The River Thames, Big Ben and Parliament. Could not offer a higher recommendation. I would expect a view of the hotel next door unles you are paying for the higher or top tier of rooms though.TTFN	
Jun 12 2006	Great Modern 	I stayed at the Riverbank Park Plaza after a horrible night at the Grange Holburn. Both hotels were the same price but the differences were like night and day. The Riverbank Park Plaza is bright, clean, comfortable, and very modern; the staff were very knowledgeable and hospitable. The bathroom was large with a lounging tub and separate shower. Room service were very polite and efficient. The room had a flat screen tv and available internet service. We didn't get one of those rooms with a view - our view was of the other hotel rooms but we're not complaining. Just make sure you ask for a room with a view if you really want one. There is a bank and a grocery store next door for convenience and the train tube is just a 5 min walk away. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 9 2006 	If at first you don't succeed.....ask for another room	I wish that I could rate this hotel solely on the staff. They were some of the most professional I have encountered on my many trips, however, this property has a major flaw. The entire back side of the hotel sits directly over train tracks. The trains run from dawn to past mid-night. Some of the rooms at acturally trackside. On the lower floors, you can literally look inside the cars as they pass. Our first room was on the 3rd floor and we were face to face with each passing train. It would have been impossible to sleep in that room. We did switch, with no problems, to a higher floor on the same side of the building, and it was tolerable. The hotel boasts that its main feature is an awesome view of Parliment, etc. If that is what you want and expect, make sure you reserve a room on the front side. But beware, everyone wants it too and they sell out fast. I probably would not stay at this hotel again unless I was taking an early train in the AM and needed the convenience of being close to the station. I should also add that the hotel was near both bus and tube stops(Vauxhall) and had a very good latin/Asian fusion restaurant in the lobby.	
Jun 8 2006	Nice and clean Hotel	My girlfreind and I spend a weekend at Riverbank Park Plaza Hotel, and what a nice time.. The room was clean and especially the bathroom and bed was fine.. The Hotel is located nearby the city and Big Ben is about 10 min walk..	
Jun 7 2006	Great deal	Spotted an offer for the Riverbank Plaza on Travelzoo after searching the internet for an affordable central London hotel. Got a great rate of 79 pounds a night plus taxes with access to the executive floor facilities. Our room was large by any standard, with a flat tv, lovely decor and unbeatable view of houses of Parliament across the river. The location enabled us to walk the riverbank and cross the bridge to the major tourist sites. The bus also came by the hotel. The nearest subway was under repair at the time. The executive floor included a breakfast buffet and a happy hour with beer, wine, soft drinks, coffee, tea and snacks. The staff was helpful and friendly throughout. The bed was very comfortable. I would recommend this hotel, especially if you don't mind walking a few blocks or taking a bus to get to some tourism sites. We stayed over Easter weekend and were able to attend services at Westminister Abbey on Easter by being so close.	
Jun 3 2006	Lovely...	During a stay in April 2006, we truly found the Park Plaza a great base to see London, particularly if you are going to be getting around mostly on foot. While the Vauxhall station is only a 10 minute walk away, Lambeth Bridge is right up the block to take you over to Big Ben, Parliament, Westminster, etc. The neighborhood seemed safe and the riverwalk is nice and quiet. The hotel had a modern feel to it with an Asian twist. Through a special offer, we paid less than we would have at most other London hotels and received an Executive Room and free drinks and breakfast each day. The room did not have much of a view, but it was very quiet and clean. The bathroom was very modern as well, and the gift basket on the dresser was a nice touch when we arrived. The hotel seemed pretty well soundproofed, and the railroad tracks are not directly behind the hotel. However, I suppose very light sleepers that happen to get rooms on that side of the hotel could be disturbed. However, some noise is going to be an issue at just about any hotel you stay in for an urban environment such as London.	
May 22 2006 	Clean but thats about it.	This was my second visit in 3 months on both occassions the room was very small and overlooking the railway which is runing from 5am until 12 midnight. On my first visit the fire alarm went off but not on my floor the 10th, we were able to use the lift and the staff seemed indifferent to the obvious safety issues. There were no instructions on the rear of the bedroom door advising the escape route. On my second visit we were given a room normally reserved for people with a disabillity, the bathroom was poorly laid out with no towel rails, a shaving mirror to low to be of any use and the kettle provided didnt fit under the tap and had to be filled via the glass! Bathrooms have no shaving sockets, and the wordrobe had no provision to hang an evening dress.Food ok and it is clean - but thats about all.	
May 18 2006	Great swank hip with a great big bed	Spent the night at this wonderful, trendy hotel. It was so great that my wife and I stayed in and ate at the Club Lounge and ordered breakfast in. Great room with all the trimmings, internet , big bed with lots of pillows, attentive staff and a great location. We pinched ourselves with delight. Big marble bathroom, sparkling fixtures. I would rate this hotel as an A+ and we would love to come again and stay a little longer.	
May 15 2006	Great hotel!	I stayed at the Riverbank Park Plaza when I was in London for business last week. I really liked it! I found it very contemporary, clean, friendly and service minded staff. My room had a great view of London, a big bed and big pillows that gives you a luxurious feeling. I would definately stay there the next time I'm in London. Also try the restaurant, it blends in perfectly with the hotel and the food was excellent, contempary asian. Probably among the best restaurants I have visit.	
May 8 2006	Modern design good hotel	Stayed at the Riverbank Park Plaza overnight on a weekend as part of a theatre package trip. Good, clean &amp; modern hotel with helpful staff.Had a twin room on the second floor - at the side of the hotel so found it pretty quiet. Room was a good size. Beds were comfy and the room had all the facilities you need - tea &amp; coffee; mini bar; hairdryer; iron &amp; ironing board; safe; LCD TV. Bathroom was an excellent size, had a bath and a separate shower cubicle and was impeccably clean . Had our buffet style breakfast in a room on the 1st floor with a view of the Thames and the Houses of Parliament.Location wise - not in central London but on the Albert Embankment opposite the Tate Britain. If you are happy to get on the tube (nearest tube station is Vauxhall) or catch a taxi you’ll soon find you are no time away from all the main London sights.Our party of 15 ate in the hotel’s restaurant in the night - Chino Latino. Restaurant has a modern stylish design. Excellent food (Asian cuisine) and service, although it’s slightly pricey.Overall, I’d stay at this hotel again.	
May 1 2006	more than we expected	great hotel. lovely residents bar, staff were a pleasure and prices were more than reasonable for a hotel of this quality especially in london (£3.50 for a pint of lager).location was perfect. 5 mins to tube, bus right outside hoel and £5 in taxi to oxford st.staff could have had better english, but hey it wasn't going to spoil our break!	
May 1 2006	Great Hotel. Great Views	We stayed for one night. We found the staff helpful and accomodating, especially the concierge, Dan. The food in the restaurant was delicious and the waiting staff very professional and friendly. I particualrly enjoyed the breakfast. I would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 26 2006	Impersonal - ok for business trip	Booked this hotel on the sunday afternoon and I was staying at the hotel on the monday, arrived at the hotel to be told I wasn't booked in. Unforunately my room was on the &quot;train side&quot; it was very noisy there was no river view as promised on the website. for the amount of money I paid I was disappointed.The room was nice, in a contemporary kind of way, and very clean, it was all just a bit impersonal. Got connected to the Wi-Fi but was very slow, and I gave up in the end.Breakfast the next morning was standard hotel fare, nothing exceptional, was just ok......If you are going on a business trip and your company is paying this would be fine, however if you are going on holiday i wouldn't really recommened this hotel.	
Apr 25 2006	Great location modern but lacking a 'loca' touch?	Stayed at this hotel with friends last weekend. Great location for us as we prefer to be out of the busier West End. A lovely walk along the Southbank is within easy reach, past the Eye etc. Also handy for Covent Garden &amp; theatres on The Strand, just £6 in a taxi. Journeyed by taxi too from Paddington as only £15 which we thought worth it for 4 with luggage.Rooms were v smart, above average size &amp; lovely, large modern bathrooms. We were on the side of the hotel so could hear the trains but nothing to disturb us! Breakfast was average, v friendly B'fast room mgr but food could have been hotter &amp; toaster quicker &amp;/or not in the middle of the self-service area so that a queue was always forming!Reception staff were friendly &amp; tried to help but they all struggled with English (in London?!) eg Our friends reported that their room's air conditioning was not working &amp; someone brought up 4 bottles of hair conditioner!! Would stay here again as only paid £81 pr rm pr night inc breakfast &amp; complimentary drink so v good value.	
Apr 23 2006	Nice suites but avoid the train side	Hotel's double rooms are for a max. of 2 people, so booked an executive suite for wife, young son and me over Easter weekend. Suite was 131 GBP per night inclusive of VAT, breakfast and cocktail hour in executive lounge. Two room suite was clean, comfortable and spacious; breakfast was very good and we enjoyed complementary wine and snacks in the evening in the lounge. Our side of the hotel fronted on the busy train tracks to Waterloo station and the trains were noisy, but stopped running between 11 pm and 5 am weekdays (6 am weekend). Hotel is intended to be a modern, &quot;minimalist&quot; style, so lots of stark walls and black everywhere, but we'd gladly stay there again at the price we paid. Hotel restaurant is a high end asian/latin &quot;fusion&quot; place above our family price range. Local restaurants that do takeaway are just five minutes walk away. Although away from the heart of touristy London, we thought this was a great location overall. Vauxhall Tube stop is 5-7 minute walk, and London buses picked up across street. Short cab ride from Waterloo station.	
Apr 19 2006 	Very beautifull hotel but rude- unfriendly - racist staff	I stayed at the riverbank park plaza in the end of march 2006 this year with family. 1)The reception staff was rude, and un attentive.2)No concierge or door man to help with luggage at 5 pm( not so good for a hotel in central london.3)The receptionist couldnt find the reservation in the system. I gave her the confirmation number but still couldnt find the reservation. She wanted me to pay a deposit. even though the room and breakfast was paid for. She then called the reception manager over the phone so i had to wait for the manager for nearly 20 mins to come who was very rude. Now this buliding has 2 hotels in the same place. 1 riverbank park plaza2 Plaza on the thames river. there are 2 reception desks how am i supposed to know where i should go to. Very confusing place.Now my reservation was at the plaza on the river which is the apartments section of the hotel.and i was standing at the riverbank reception desk. There are no sign boards for plaza on the river at the enterance.then came the reception manager who couldnt even find the booking in the system. She said to me that i should check with my agent regarding the same. Or she offered me a room only if i gave her the money... The way i was spoken to was in a cutthroat manner...??? It did nt look very hospitable and was not very 4 star deluxe.....then came another manager apparently the duty manager and said that i should go and try over at the other reception desk to findout to see if my booking was there or no. i felt that i was being ill treated and felt some sought of discrimination over there at the reception desk aginst me an asian guy who has lived in the States for 23 years. I have never been to such a hotel ever in my life..........This not some thing what you expect of a 4 star hotel in london and specially after travelling for 7 hours by air.I shall never come here again and will not recommend this hotel to any one.	
Apr 6 2006 	high standards	I have always had high standards, so I tend tojudge harshly on hotels of which I stay in. I found this hotel outstanding, as i found the modern interior refreshing, and i found the restaurant &quot;Chino's&quot; exceptional with its range of alternative cuisine. I am unquestionable coming back to stay here and dine int he restaurant, and will possibly invite clients to dine at the restaurant.	
Mar 31 2006 	Best to give this a miss	What a shame....Lovely looking building but cold and impersonal ambience with hardly any staff in attendance when you would expect them. While there are times when it's good to feel that you've got the place to yourself it's not what you'd expect from a busy metropolitan hotel - arriving at ten the evening to find a couple of people in the bar, one person on reception and no doorman or concierge to help with the luggage. Everyone was very friendly and efficient but my stay was further marred by incorrect details on my reservation and a room at the back of the hotel (twenty yards from the main rail link into Waterloo) rather than the Thames view that I had been promised!	
Mar 28 2006 	Best London hotel experience so far	Over the past 6 years, I have had the chance to stay in a number of hotels in London. This has been the most pleasant experience so far.It's not posh, but very nice for a business trip. Positives:* Room size fairly large for standard rooms, nice feeling of space* Plenty of lighting -- in fact very nice orange lighting to mellow down as well* Breakfasts while in the basement (no daylight) were well presented, lots of choice, clean and fresh.* Staff overall very friendly* Very nice amience in the lounge/bar/restaurant* Internt access via WiFi and Ethnernet* Right on the river. Even with a side-room, have a view of water* In-room safe large enough for laptop* Nice carpets!* Nice entertainment sytsem (incl DVD player, flatscreen TV)* Hotel is new, so everything from shower to taps, cupboards -- all clean &amp; new.* Comfortable bed/pillows &amp; clean!Negatives:* Not right off of a tube * Too few extra towels in bathroom* Their website does not do merit do how good the hotel is* Their website does not tell you how to get there via public transport. I emailed them, and they responded the next day (kind of slow) with a copy&amp;paste from their website how to drive there. Not what I asked for !Would definately stay here again.	
Mar 20 2006	Will Never Stay at Again	Beautiful rooms, bathroom, lobby and bar. Luxurious but encountered problem after problem. Upon checking in, we found the toilet seat to be covered in urine. Exhausted, we did not want to make a fuss so cleaned it ourselves. Bedlinen was dirty with muddy footprints all over the inside. Also, the next morning, my husband pulled out a used condom that was wrapped around the plughole of the bathroom sink - only discovered due to water not properly draining away. When we reported the problem, the general staff attitude was uncaring and in a state of denial. They seemed to suggest that it was not technically possible for it to happen and implied that we were making it up to get a discount. They offered us complimentary dinner which we accepted, but seemed completely unfussed about the incident. Every staffmember was foreign, and even though I am sure this helps international guests, to us they seemed unfriendly and more concerned with trying to remember the English language than helping their guests. Staff in the restaurant, however, were extremely attentive. The problems we had were most likely one-offs, but the way they dealt with the matter was highly unsatisfactory. I would never stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 16 2006	Really a first-rate hotel!	I had the pleasure to stay at Riverbank Park Plaza Hotel for 3 nights, and I warmly recommend this excellent hotel with great service and hospitality.The room was very tasteful furnished and had a marvellous view of the river Thames, the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. The bed was most comfortable and the &quot;marble&quot;-bath-room was equipped with bath as well as separate shower. All staff really made their best to make my stay as pleasant as possible. The Asian- inspired restaurant served a superb dinner.I would love to stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 7 2006	Lovely hotel with a grate view	We stayed 8 persons for 3 nights. It was a lovely hotel with nice staff. Hopefully we will come back again soon.	
Mar 6 2006	Beautiful and VERY comfortable	Best reason for booking this hotel: The hotel is new, modern, and offers a luxury experience for a competitive price. We searched many hotels in London but could not find one as well appointed as the Riverbank for the price. Location:The hotel itself is in a good-ish location, right on the Albert Embankment. We walked along to Waterloo Bridge and crossed in order to get to the Strand. From there, all of central London just opens up if you're willing to be adventurous. Walking in the opposite direction along the Albert Embankment took us to Vauxhall Bridge, which again we crossed to find the British Museum and a nice French cafe. Eating &amp; Transport:There is not much around in the immediate vicinity by way of good eating, but this is no problem if you're willing to walk a little. The room:Our spotless room was beautifully appointed, with tasteful decor, modern furnishings and fine linen. The bed was sumptuous and the bath was one of the most relaxing ever. There was a delightful entertainment system which allowed us to play our own CDs. Just the ticket for a romantic evening. The room could have been bigger, but we didn't mind this trade off for the very cosy, clean and neat experience we received.	
Mar 1 2006	Fantastic Stay!	Stayed here with my family for one night (six of us spread over 3 rooms). There were a lot of extra requests - cot in one room, extra bed in another - and we were delighted that everything had been perfectly organised on arrival. Rooms were lovely - especially the bathrooms - and the beds were extremely comfortable. I found the entertainment system a little tricky to work out (in fact I couldn't even figure out how to switch it on, although my partner managed so I'm sure it can't have been that difficult!). Although our rooms were facing the railway track we had no issues with noise at all. Breakfast was incredibly busy but the staff coped admirably and were even happy to have porridge specially prepared for the baby in the party. We had the same receptionist on check-in and check-out and she was friendly and helpful.Overall, a great stay at a fabulous hotel!	
Jan 21 2006	Not the W but nice enough	I got this hotel on priceline for a relatively good rate ($120 USD) for London. At the time, most of the 4* hotels on expedia/orbitz/venere were either booked or well over $200. While I agree with other posters about the modern feel, I'd say if you're used to staying at the W, this rather pales in comparison but is a fair approximation of that streamlined aesthetic. There's a younger feel to the hotel althoug many of the guests apeared to be late 20's/early 30's professionals on work-related excursions, a pretty mainstream crowd. Staff was gracious and responsive -- gave me another room after I told them the first one had a strange odor. Second room had only a partial view of the Thames, since I wasn't on the frontward facing side. Be prepared to walk quite a bit to the closest tube station and/or bus stop. The bus stop in front of the hotel doesn't take you Northward towards most of the sights -- you have to walk across the bridge and turn right to reach the proper bus that heads North towards the British Museum, theaters, shopping areas. Also, the closest tube wasn't one of the main lines so you usually had to transfer -- not difficult but something to be aware of. I enjoyed my stay but I was very glad that I had invested in some good boots -- cabs were expensive. Took the Eurostar after I checked out ( Waterloo station is very near-by) and it still cost me 6 GBP to go around 5 blocks. Overall, much better than your average hotel. Concierge was helpful about which bus to catch, etc.	
Jan 21 2006	Sophisticated hotel without the sophisticated price tag	We stayed at the Riverbank Park Plaza the first weekend in January and got a really good deal. Was initially quite worried as it wasnt in the best area but was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was lovely - modern, well furnished and the service was excellent. We ate breakfast in the hotel the first morning. There was a wide variety to choose from and was very good value for money. Would definately recommend this hotel. Very good value for money.	
Jan 18 2006	Fantastic!	Instead of driving 80 miles home after seeing a show, we decided to book a room at the Riverbank Park Plaza Hotel. Having stayed at this hotel in December we knew exactly what we would get. Superb service and rooms that are among the best we have ever stayed in. All in all I cannot recommend this hotel enough. We will definitely be back....	
Jan 9 2006	Very Nice	My partner and I spent the night on New Years Eve 2005. Managed to find a parking space on the very narrow backroads, but parking is £17 a night with the hotel. Staff were very friendly, not aloof. On arrival they swipe a credit/debit card for £50, a kind of guarentee that you have the funds to pay for any extras such as minibar/room service. Beware! The minibar automatically charges you for anything you take out, even if you put it back in. Room service isn't as expensive as I thought. The view is wonderful- ours was of the Thames and Houses of Parliament/Big Ben. The London Eye wasn't in view as the hotel is on the same side of the road 1km up. The room lighting very nice. Tv, dvd, kettle, table, warbdrobe, ironing board, iron all included, with the bathroom imaculate as well as the queen size bed (this is a standard room.) ice machines at the end of each corridor with a large room on the 5th floor being the gym (free to use). A mixture of ages were there. Couldn't hear anything outside of our room which was great as there was a private function party downstairs in the bar area. Matched all my expectations of a 4* deluxe hotel and would go back again, as very clean, modern, spacious and relaxing. Close to London attractions- the staff will advise. The bill is settled at the end of the stay, we paid by cash and the £50 swiping at the beginning remained pending on my account for a couple of days but was not taken.	
Dec 7 2005	very nice hotel But............	My husband and I have just returned from staying 2 nights in the Riverbank Park Plaza, we were in London on a shopping trip.Upon Check-in we find desk clerk quite unpleasant, again we had to have £50 taken from our credit card but it was refunded back to us on our departure.We found Vauxall was the closest underground but it was a good 10 min walk to the hotel.Rooms were very nice and very clean and very modern, but apart from housekeeping staff ......staff were very aloof and I feel some of them thought they owned the Riverbank Park Plaza rather than justed worked there.Would I return no I don't think so I think I would rather return to the Radisson Edwardian Hotel rooms not as nice or as modern but the staff there SMILE!!!!!!!!	
Dec 6 2005	Good - but some reservations	Stayed one night before catching early morning Eurostar, this must be about the best hotel closest to Waterloo. Overall really liked the hotel as it is quite new and therefore has a good ultramodern feel to it, the standard bedroom was a very reasonable size and liked the fact that the en-suite had seperate bath &amp; shower. However......upon check in the desk clerk took my credit card and with no explanation craftily charged £50 to it without informing me that he had done so, either beforehand or afterwards. I was not given a copy of the credit card slip either, so they were clearly trying to hide the fact. They claim that it is done merely to check that you have credit available. Also beware of picking up items in &quot;computerised&quot; mini bar. Also, with the exception of the morning breakfast room staff found all of the staff to be rather aloof.Despite problems will go back as nice hotel, forewarned is forearmed.	
Dec 5 2005	Very trendy very smart 	We chose to stay in this hotel for a weekend break after having read positive reviews on TripAdvisor, and were not disappointed. The location is convenient for the South Bank and Westminster, with the closest tube being about ten minutes walk. It is very tastefully decorated in a modern style in both the public areas and the rooms, with nice lighting. We asked for a riverview, and as a result ended up with fantastic views - very romantic! The room size was good (for London!) as were the amenities. Food and service in the restaurant were both top-notch. The two minor irritations were being unable to get the DVD player to work and the rather hurried bar staff. In summary, this is an excellent hotel and I hope it motivates other London hotels to improve their act. Return? Try stopping us!	
Dec 2 2005	Friendly Family Business Hotel	We were celebraiting our mothers 70 years old brithday. We had four rooms in three nights.Immediately when we arrived we felt like coming home.The staff was very nice and helpful.During the days the hotel recommend us what to doand see for a family between 11-70 years old.They also helped us with a table on a famous restaurant wich has been fully booked for a couple of mounth. It was like a dream!Every evening ended up in the bar in front of the fire place with a nice mix of cocktails and a very good Japanese draft beer.The athmosfere was very relaxing! We are coming back!!	
Nov 29 2005	amazing view lovely atmosphere	First time I stayed at this hotel but absolute not the last. The best service and outstanding rooms. Loved the modern architecture	
Nov 24 2005	New 4* currently flawed but with potential	I’ve just returned from my second overnight stay within a month at this hotel so now it’s time to log my comments. Firstly, this is a brand new hotel, opened about 6 months ago, so you would expect some teething problems. However I – and my colleague – have found more problems than we expected. My colleague arrived late – about 8 pm – but this should not present a problem as our bookings are made through our Company and its wholly-owned Travel Agency and are guaranteed for late arrival. However the hotel reception stated that they had no record of his booking! As he did not have a printed copy of the email confirmation he had to arrange to connect his laptop onto our Company email server, relocate that email and then print it out before they would believe him! Apparently this - together with the inevitable queues at reception - added another hour before he finally got to his room! On my first stay – 3 weeks ago – I had a free room upgrade to an ‘executive lounge’ on the 11th floor, the room is initially impressive but there were certain items missing which should have been present, i.e. hairdryer, iron, ironing board, room service menu. I eventually had take the lift down to reception to sort out these problems as the internal phone remained unanswered. My second stay took place this week and – sad to say – even in the ‘standard’ room I was allocated this time there were more items missing! This time it was the hairdryer again but there was also no list of internal phone contact numbers, these are not stated anywhere in the printed material available but should show as an overlay on the phone but it wasn’t there – the phone was bare! So with no list of numbers it meant another trek down to reception to get all this resolved. They responded quickly – after I queued of course – and within 15 minutes 2 people arrived, one with a replacement hair dryer and another with the missing card to slot on my phone to show all the internal contact numbers. Other problems include: on booking-in (after queuing of course) I handed over printed details of my booking – reasons, see above! - and they asked for my address and credit card details again, apparently no record had been retained from my previous visit. They also asked to keep my print-out of the confirmatory email booking, I’ve never before received such a request from any of the many hotels in which I’ve stayed, this also meant that I was now personally without printed confirmation of my booking agreement and conditions – so possible problems at check-out! Also you need to note that this hotel is built in a very noisy location – with a 4-lane road on one side and an 8-track railway (Waterloo main line) on the other. So the double glazed windows are barely adequate to keep the racket out, it should have been built with triple glazing or additional secondary glazing panels. I noticed that there were also acoustic deflectors on the front of the building (facing the road) but my room was at the rear (just metres from the railway) and none existed there. Trains pass every few minutes and you are so close you can feel some of them, not just hear them! However my ear plugs ensured that I got a passable night’s sleep. In the bathroom, there is no shaver point and the lack of a barrier between the shower cubicle and the rest of the bathroom means that water flows all over the bathroom floor even with the shower curtain fully drawn – it’s really a triumph of design over practicality! Also one of the bathroom lights stayed on all night (apparently by design) so this light showed through into the bedroom as there was a 1-inch gap under the connecting door. I blocked the gap with a towel! The digital TV signal on the rather awkward-to-use TV/Internet/Email/CD/DVD/MP3 console was prone to fading on certain channels (especially Five), this had the effect of freezing the picture or making the sound out-of-sync with the picture. This suggests a weak signal so I presume the TVs in all rooms are similarly affected. The bed pillows are too soft, I ended up using the cushions! My room service meal in the evening was perfectly OK if a little expensive as there is a mandatory 12.5% service charge added. My room service breakfast was again OK but lacking in some of the food items I’ve received elsewhere, e.g. jams/marmalade. However this breakfast works out ridiculously expensive as they add a £5.00 ‘tray charge’ and then another 12.5% service charge on top of this. To cap it all they then tried to charge for the breakfast twice – breakfast was included in my room booking – but on check-out I was told I was over my agreed limit which can be charged back directly back to the Agency, and they would want me to pay the extra on my own credit card! This was of course because the continental breakfast (at £13.00) had been included twice! They were also unable to print off a copy of my bill at check-out, yet this is something our Agency asks us to do and sign for before leaving the hotel. All in all this hotel has the potential to become the 4* attraction it claims to be but there is a whole lot more attention which must be paid to the details before I could recommend it for anything other than a 1-night stay. At the moment it’s at best 3* service masquerading as 4*. And the outside noise intrusion is really inexcusable in a newly-built hotel in that location and would be difficult to rectify.	
Nov 22 2005	Superhotel with a view	We stayed two nights at the Riverbank Plaza in London. Exellent rooms, exellent service, exellent view over the Thames and exellent food at ther rest. Chino Latino.We will be back.	
Nov 21 2005	Perfect and I hope it stays this way!	We booked this hotel on Priceline from Nov. 14 - Nov. 20 - and it exceeded all expectations. The check in was short and painless, the hotel staff very friendly, the concierge very knowledgeable and helpful, and the rooms were clean, well lighted, bright and the bathroom was excellent - large and a good shower with power!It is located over the Lambreth Bridge so you can catch the #3 bus that takes you up to the Westminster Tube Station, or continues on to Picadilly and Oxford Circus. It is a night bus too so that makes it convenient if you are staying out late.We didn't eat in the restaurant or have the breakfast so I cannot comment on those venues. We did have coffee making facilities in the room which also worked out great!The most amazing thing about this hotel is it has a US current plug in every room - that's right, your blow dryer, shaver, curling iron, straightener, all work in this hotel!!!We certainly will go back to the hotel, although I expect that the rates will rise significantly. Don't be put off by the location over the bridge, the hotel certainly makes up for that!!!	
Nov 16 2005	Stunning - just what London needs.	Stayed in a standard room the night before my wedding and a suite on the wedding night. We loved this hotel. In contrast to other reviewers, I felt the standard room was actually quite big for a hotel in England. I've stayed in 4-5* hotels across the country and the Riverbank has amongst the biggest I've stayed in. Rooms are clean, well equipped and have comfortable beds. Hotel staff were enthusiastic, efficient and very polite.The beautifully designed bar was a real focal point although it needed a few more customers to give it more of a buzz. I was upgraded to an apartment suite for the Saturday night which had an amazing view. We had a delicious breakfast served in our living room with friends overlooking the Houses of Parliament.All in all, I can't fault this hotel. The minimalist design skilfully avoided being tacky or soulless. Despite living only three miles away, I can't wait to stay there again!	
Nov 15 2005	Best location and wiew	One of the best hotel I have stayed in!. Excellent service and a very nice atmosphere.	
Nov 12 2005 	Very very good!	A modern, stylish hotel, extremely friendly staff, good value for your money; more than one can usually expect in London.I booked a executive room, but was upgraded to suite, which was situated in the 5 star wing (as opposed the &quot;normal&quot; 4 star wing). The suite was decorated in a strict contemporary style (so if you prefer &quot;English style&quot;, this is not for you). The suite consists of a &quot;living&quot; room (a working space, sofa, armchair, a dining table for two) kitchenette (very well equipped), a bathroom in sand stone with separate bath tub and spacious shower cabin. There was two flat tv-sets and dvd-players, and a separate air conditioning for both rooms (but what's the point of having a duvet in the bed and then need to use air conditioning?). I am sure the suite serves well for a longer stay. One problem I had though: the windows are soundproofed, but as I sleep light, the railway behind the building kept waking me. This possible problem obviously does not exist in the rooms facing the atrium.As I most probably will use a normal room, I asked to see one. It also was elengant and even quite spacious. (So yes, it fulfils my needs.)There is also a executive lounge, which perhaps does not give very much added value: a lot of tables and chairs in quite limited space, something to drink, but not too much to eat. The hotel bar was clearly more cozy.The location is perhaps not the best in London, but it still quite close to Westminster, and within a walking distance to Waterloo station. A taxi to Paddington station took 15-20 minutes.As a conclusion: highly recommendable!	
Nov 1 2005	Fantastic stay!	We have just returned after a weekend in London and stayed at the Riverbank as part of a prize. The hotel is fantastic, the service was great from start to finish and the concierge working over the weekend couldn't have been more helpful and recommended two restaurants that were not only reasonable priced but also served delicious food. Our room was a superior and was very spacious with a partial view of the Thames. The bed was lovely and soft and the bathroom again was large with a separate glass shower cubicle. Breafast in the morning was very comprehensive with a large choice including traditional cooked as well as a huge variety of cereals, seeds and nuts, cold cuts, croissant etc. For us, the location was fine, it only took 15 mins to walk across the bridge to westminster, or alternatively, Vauxhall tube station was only 10 mins walk. I would thoroughly recommend the hotel and if we stay in London again, will definitely stay here!	
Oct 25 2005	Return?? Yes!!	Stayed four nights in the Riverbank Plaza hotel, enjoyed it all the time.Very good service from the staff. delicius food. A wonderful view over the River.Beautiful rooms with dvd, internet, tv channels.Will recommend it.	
Oct 24 2005 	Superrelaxing	Best long weekendstay so far. Friendly staff, modern style and very good food and service. And the view from the hotel is worth a lot!!!!	
Oct 24 2005	Clean and friendly luxury	10 of us stayed at this hotel for 1 night. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and we were all on the same floor. The rooms are spotless, modern and have every amenity but may be just a little small. The bathrooms are spotless, large and luxurious. The beds are sooooo comfortable. We did not pay extra for the view but as we only slept in the room it didn't really matter. The breakfast selection (included) was excellent. We got the tube to Vauxhall and walked past MI6 to hotel.(10 mins). Next day we walked to Westminster, Eye etc. (10 mins in opposite direction). 4 of our party were upgraded as thier rooms were not ready when they arrived (there was no hesitation from the staff )and they had the use of the executive lounge which they thoroughly enjoyed. For a short stay I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. The only negative points I would note are that the very modern minamalist decor can appear cold and unfriendly and that the tube could be a bit closer! Overall, this was excellent value for money.	
Oct 18 2005	It was great	Spend three nights in London and it was a very good hotel. Personal and service was perfect. They always give a hand and nothing was diffucult. Best complements!	
Oct 17 2005	...."Will definately visit this hotel again"	Recently stayed at the Riverbank Park Plaza hotel in London - we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was beautifully laid out with stunning views of the river Thames, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. Breakfast was very enjoyable and hot!!! Chino Latino restaurant was fantastic. Can't wait to return...	
Oct 13 2005	Best Hotel in London	Stayed this weekend and it was a lovely Hotel.Brand new and such a good location with view over the river well worth the extra money we paid.Very good breakfast and concierge and all staff were all so friendly.I was told that during the week they have started a bus service also which would will be even better.Will be back for christmas shopping.	
Oct 12 2005	Love the Riverbank	We loved the Riverbank and plan to go back again very soon. The hotel is extremely beautiful and contemporary. Our room had a comfy bed, lots of pillows, a flat screen TV and a gorgeous bathroom with walk in glass shower. Our airconditioning worked perfectly and the room was clean and quiet. We didn't hear a sound from outside or from other rooms. The staff is friendly and knowledgable. We often walked the Riverbank walkway down to the Eye and then to the Globe theatre. There are interesting restaurants along the walk (and a Starbucks). What more could you want? Sure, it's a little out of the way but a bus to Kensington stops right in front of the hotel. Vauxall tube is 2 blocks away and a block the other direction is the #3 bus to Trafalger, Piccadilly and Oxford. We found it easy to take the bus to and from the theatre district. We were always happy to come back to our clean and lovely hotel. If you don't mind a five minute walk and a ten minute bus ride, stay at the Riverbank. Go soon as I suspect the rates will dramatically increase once word gets out about this lovely hotel.	
Oct 10 2005 	Sublime!	I enjoyed a fantastic six night stay at the Riverbank Park Plaza during my last visit to London. The rooms are spacious as are the bathrooms, and the design och ambiance in the public areas are second to none. Add the charming smiles from the receptionists, and the courteous and very speedy respons from concierge regardless was it an impossible booking at the Ivy or theathre tickets, and your visit to London has been sublimely enhanced. I'm thrilled and very gratefull.	
Oct 7 2005	Very new: mixed feelings	We had a fun stay at the Riverbank Park Plaza, but I'm not sure I'd return.We were upgraded to their brand new Residence Club, which shares the lobby with the hotel. The suite had a TERRIFIC river view. It was sleek and modern and immaculate. The staff sent up a fruit basket. The TVs offered all the channels. The hotel offers a menu of pillows. The bed was very comfortable. There were 2 robes, not the usual single robe. The sleekness was extreme: there were no hooks or towel bars in the very compact bathroom.On the downside: the hotel is so new that the cabbies don't know it , and London cabbies know everything...so if you stay here, do know the address!The tube stations are a bit of a walk, as are most central London attractions. The Tate (old) is directly across the Thames, and the Eye is within walking distance, but otherwise, the location is not convenient. There are no nearby restaurants or shops.The &quot;Executive Lounge&quot; for breakfast and snacks (included with our rate) was on the hotel side (down one elevator and up another) and our key card did not work for access--nor did many other guests, as we all had to knock to get in for breakfast, or find help for off hours snacks (potato chips and olives). Breakfast was very nice, once we got into the room! We got a lot for the money, a terrific view and the suite was fun, but the location is a big minus unless you need to be in Lambeth.	
Sep 26 2005	Look no further	Contemporary, modern, clean hotel. Room was quiet and included a UK, Euro and US plug socket. There was a fully digital entertainment system which included a flat screen LCD and DVD player. Staff were extremely polite and helpful. Restaurant served good food at a decent price. 5 minute walk to Vauxhall tube station and bus stops all around, if you are smart with taste you'll stay here.	
Sep 25 2005 	A varied experience	This hotel was well priced compared to other, comparable London hotels, very important for us as our Australian dollar is so weak against the GBP. The lobby is very impressive and the staff were generally helpful, although somewhat brusque at times. The decor is elegant modern, in a red and black and marble kind of way. Unfortunately, the aircondioning was not working during our 3 day stay in late August, which also coincided with London having an extended period of heat, and on our floor and in our room it was fairly suffocating. There was no response to our queries about when it would be repaired, which was frankly disappointing. We ate a delicious, creative, and interesting meal in the Chino restaurant; it was very expensive, but we did so willingly. A pity that there seemed to be very few other diners there. The location is pretty good, an easy walk along the embankment to many of the favourite London tourist locations, and there is a bus stop outside the hotel. The breakfast room was very noisy, a combination of a persistent, loud machine noise (a suffering airconditioning system?) and very loud music, which I noticed other guests asking to be turned down lower, it was, marginally. Our room had a somewhat disappointing view of the Waterloo line (multiple tracks) and an adjacent old office building. But, the room was comfortable, had a beautful bathroom, well supplied tea and coffee, and was cleaned properly each day. Better than many old fashioned London hotels, but still having teething problems. If those were fixed, we may stay there again given the reasonable (for London) price.	
Sep 1 2005	First Class - Reasonable Rates	Got it from Expedia for £190 for 2 nights.Between Parliment and Tate Britain. 5 mins to Vauxhall and 10 mins to Westminister underground.Clean, smart and fantastic lifts! Rooms were very modern with nice 'extras' (DVD player, nice lighting etc..). Staff very polite.Nice bathrooms with seperate shower and bath.Very highly recommended for about £10 a night more than a travel inn! I would stay there again.	
Aug 30 2005	Best Hotel of Europe Trip!!!	The Riverbank Park Plaza was definitely the best hotel of our European trip. Since there weren't may reviews of the hotel, being that it is new, I was a bit skeptical. However, upon arriving, I was thoroughly impressed. The bar area and lobby were trendy and elegant. The staff was very friendly. We were also upgraded to an Executive room since we had requested a non-smoking room. The Executive rooms were a decent size, but with very modern decor. Nice linen, flat screen TV, beautiful bathroom. Best of all, we got a good rate ($150 per night).. especially considering how weak the dollar is compared to pounds. The only downside of the hotel is it's location. It is in walking distance of the London Eye, Big Ben and Parliament. However, to get to other parts of London, the metro was about a ten minute walk away. We also had dinner at the hotel's restaurant, Chino Latino. It was the best dinner we had in London.. although a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.Because the quality of a hotel is more important to me than location, I would most definitely stay here again. You should too!!	
Aug 26 2005	Great hotel! We'll definitely go again		
Aug 11 2005	Exceeded my already high expectations		
Aug 6 2005	Beautiful hotel with lots of problems		
Aug 1 2005 	Stylish but lacking in substance		
Jul 22 2005	Definetly Recommended...Great Hotel!		
Jul 18 2005	Excellent Value		
Jul 5 2005	Superb value at the moment - some teething problems		
Jun 29 2005	How many times can one be checked in		
Jun 27 2005 	Great modern hotel...		
Jun 14 2005 	Very nice 4-star hotel but...		
Nov 17 2009 	Sofisticato e funzionale		
Nov 16 2009 	ottimo!		
Oct 5 2009 	Soldi ben spesi		
Sep 18 2009 	WE en amoureux Parfait !		
Jun 8 2009 	belle surprise		
Jun 6 2009 	4 stelle normale anonimo e lontano dalla metro di Westminster o Vauxhall		
May 3 2009 	Hotel da ritornare		
Apr 8 2009 	Il y a tellement mieux à Londres !		
Mar 21 2009 	week end a londra		
Feb 24 2009 	Perfetto 10 minuti a piedi dal Big Ben		
Jan 6 2009 	Fantástica opción		
Aug 12 2008 	Bellissimo!		
Jul 4 2008 	Park Plaza un albergo veramente con il comfort al massimo!		
Feb 4 2008 	Che eleganza!		
Jan 17 2008 	Hôtel à recommander !		
Apr 15 2007	Hôtel très agreable		
