	Great neighbourhood classic hotel	Overall satisfied, the lobby makes you feel in an expensive hotel. The room is perfect, however walls are thin, the neighbours kept knocking on the wall for any small noise from our room. The hotel is huge, and in the morning the breakfast area is totally crowded - the breakfast selection is quite ok.	
Nov 22 2009 	Stop all the moaning - for the price it's fine	Having read some of the moans I here do wonder why some people ever travel.I've stayed here four times. For me the location is great (as others have pointed out) - it's not the best hotel in London but for the price I do think it is great value.Yes - my rooms was chilly and the heating was poor (an old system I guess), I had a problem with my TV but this was rectified by the maintainence man, plus the room probably could do with a refurbishment - but for under £120 per night including breakfast, it's really not that bad.As for having to ring down for more tea bags (as another poster complains) - for goodness sake! - Tesco's and Waitrose are across the road. Go get them yourself.	
Nov 14 2009	disappointing	We recently stayed at this hotel for two nights on a coach holiday with our local coach firm who usually stay at very, very good quality hotels. On this occasion it was a let down, we can only agree with other reviewers negative comments.The rooms were cool with an inefficient heating system which is not fit for purpose i.e it's a large hotel &amp; the system is totally wrong &amp; inadequate. My husband is a highly qualified gas engineer &amp; can usually sort out failing heating probs, not this time. The room we had overlooked the street &amp; boy did we know it. When we first checked in &amp; walked into the room we thought someone had left the window open, the room was cold &amp; the NOISE from the traffic was horrendous. The windows seem to be ill fitting&amp; should be tripled glazed, you could even hear people's conversations in the street! The breakfasts were uninspiring &amp; COLD &amp; at best cool. Of course it's buffet style which is fine providing that they keep the food warm, they don' t&amp; although the plates were in plate warmers like everything else that should provide heat in this hotel they did not.On our first day after 'doing' some retail therapy we looked forward to crashing out in our room with a cuppa before we headed off out to the theatre. Bad move, when we got back late afternoon our room had not been cleaned. All credit to housekeeping they were on the case straight away, however we still of course had to go &amp; sit down in the lobby until it had been done.Check out is at 11o'clock &amp; facilities are provided to leave your luggage until you depart &amp; for this privilege they charge a £1 per bag!!! Now this was a first for us, we have stayed in many London hotels &amp; have never been charged. Our courier was not happy &amp; complained to a manager who said they would refund £1 on any plastic type shopping bags, big deal, I had a small denim shoulder bag &amp; he refused a refund!We logged our complaints with our tour operator &amp; have told them if they feature this hotel again for their London/Theatre weekends we would not book. We could have asked to move rooms as others in the group did but some found they were no better off &amp; to be honest we didn't have time to wait for a room exchange as we were booked on a tight schedule meeting family for meals &amp; the theatre. We would not recommend this hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	No sound proofing - you won't have a restful stay!	On paper this hotel looks great - close to Natural History Museum, V&amp;A etc and over the road from Gloucester Road tube station but i wouldn't reccomend staying there. The outside of the building looks like a 1970s office block and our room was overlooking a car park and some bins. The room wasn't in any way soundproofing so we unitentionally became very intimate with the couple next door - we head them coughing, burping, using the bathroom and even stirring a cup of tea. After a long day of sightseeing the last hting we needed was to be constantly disturbed by other people's noise. disappointing.	
Nov 2 2009	Perfect Location	The hotel is very close to a tube station with three lines, including one that goes directly to Heathrow. Nearby is a Waitrose (grocery store), Starbucks, Tesco Express, and numerous places to get breakfast (the hotel breakfast is very pricey). The neighborhood is safe and picturesque. The hotel staff was very accomodating. I would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 19 2009 	Below Average	I stayed in this hotel from 15th Oct. 2009 to 18th Oct, 2009. I read the reviews before I went but did not take a lot of notice of then as there are always people who complainbut I regretted I did not take more care.I asked for a quite room and I was given same on the third floor. Room was quite dark in so far as there was no central light, only the lights over the beds. The duvet wasvery light and the room was rather cool. I intended to complain about it the following morning but as reception was busy, I did not do so. The second night I really felt cold and I spoke to reception the following morning. In fairness, they offered to change me to another room but I decided to stay where I was because of the inconvenience. Theybrought blankets to the room and send someone to look at the air conditioning, hense making the room warmer. There was also no toilet brush in the bathroom.I felt that a standard lamp and extra blankets should have been in the room at the start.On the second night I also had to ring housekeeping twice for teabags as we had used then on night one and they were not replaced.Breakfast: I considered this below average. There was juice and fruit, fresh and cannedand cereal, all of which were OK. Bread was the sliced variety for toast and also there was french bread which seemed rather hard to me so I ended up having crossants.The fry smacked of the conveyor belt variety. the fried eggs were cooked in compartments so the did not taste like your traditional fried egg. The first morning I did not have one as they were all gone and not replaced. There were rather large saucages, bacon beans, scrambled eggs and little potato triangles, can't remember the correct name and they were nice. I stayed at the Ramada Jarvis in February and breakfast was cooked so nicely, you felt that the person who cooked it had you in mind. That sence of care was missing at the Millennium. I choose the Millennium because of Glouster Rd Tube station and the convenience to Piccadilly line and the Airport.On our last morning the telephone rang twice at 7.40 a.m. probably a mistake. I got up,had a shower and then the fire alarm went off. We went to breakfast through the fire escape. This was quite disturbing as I believe the hotel was full but I guess unavoidable. I don't think I would choose a Millennium Hotel again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice hotel with terrible service	Let me start at the beginning--checkin. I made my reservation with the Millennium chain by phone and asked for a Deluxe room. The person I spoke to told me he would request a large corner room and told me that I should make sure to ask for a non-refurbished room in the new building. When we got there, the receptionist said that our room was on the fourth floor but was not ready, which I expected, as it was in the AM. Then she said she'd found one that was available on the fifth floor, so we took it. It turned out to be a small room in the old building (the old building had smallerrooms with old fashioned sash windows, while the newer buildings had larger rooms with floor to ceiling windows. When I went back to reception to ask for a diiferent room, one that I had seen pictures of and that I had reserved, she told me that all the rooms in the hotel were the same, that there was no old building (which there was, as you could clearly see from the outside). On my way down to her I had seen the larger room in the new building being cleaned, and I told her so. She kept denying that the rooms were different and that there were no rooms she could move me to. I told her that I would be willing to wait for the original room on the fourth floor, if it were one of the larger ones. She then told me that that room would be a downgrade from the 5th floor. I saw from the floor plans that the rooms were the same on both floors, so I asked her how it could be a downgrade if it waqs the one she offered originally? She said something about the decor being different, and when I asked if a downgrade meant a lower rate, she said they couldn't do that because I had already booked the room. As you can see, this woman was just making up lies as she went along. Finally, after getting very angry, I got her to give me another room on the fifth floor in the new building, which was indeed much larger. Throughout all this, she continued to argue and shout at me, having no concept of customer service.Now I am in my room and I notice that the air conditioning did not seem to be working, it was a very warm day and the room was very warm with the AC on. They sent up an engineer who reset everything and told me that the thermostat would show a lower temperature and the room would be cooler in about 15 minutes. An hour later nothing had changed, but we had to go out. When we came back later that evening, I called again, and they sent up another engineer, who told me that this was a cool as it was going to get and made up some strange story about the hotel having to shut off the AC in the evenings because neighbors were complaining about the noise. Mind you, this is a very large hotel taking up most of the entire block..A few days later, the televison was not working, and it took 3 calls before someone came up to fix it. Another day, one of the cleaning staff broke off the towel ring that was attachded to the bathroom sink. She just left ithere on top of the sink and apparently told no one to fix it.I suppose all this can be looked at in a comical way (I was beginning to think I was staying at Fawlty Towers), but it is just a shame that such a lovely hotel (and it really is) is marred by the fact that they seem to have no concept whatsoever of customer service. Not once during all this did anyone apologize or say they were sorry.	
Sep 29 2009 	Clean comfortable convenient	My stay at the Gloucester Millineum was very comfortable and convenient. The staff was helpful and the hotel is conveniently located to the underground as well as plenty of places to eat.	
Sep 26 2009 	Nice Hotel but not nice experience	Great hotel great location very convenient!! But reception staff very rude and helpless!By arrival time a french speaker acent lady didnt looked to my face asked name, credit card and gave my room key for that not realy a big deal. surprisely open room door went straight to toilet what a surprise a diseble toiltet assigned to me, was I didnt felt confortable with that called back requesting room move the same person answered the phone advising me dont having any other room available to be allocated as insisted was told that I was getting more than what I was paying for , what was a rude attitude.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location and style	Good ambiance and decor. Breakfast buffet not that grand. Ideallly located close to underground and direct line from Heathrow A/port. Great stay.	
Sep 14 2009 	wow what a great hotel!!!!(especialy the concierge)	we stayed here for 4 days in august nice hotel good rooms and a nice hotel bar. close to high st kensington shopping area and short walk to knightsbridge (harrods).check desk was quick even though there was a lot of people there checking in at the same time.But i must say the one person that made our stay that extra special was the concierge called kelvin he was just amazing at his job his knowledge was second to non his smile his attitude to his work was very good.we wanted to go to gordon's ramsey restaurant and tried to make reservation but to no avail (and we did try a month before) but kelvin told us to give him 5 mins and he will see what he can do.He took us to the bar in the hotel and gave us a drink and said he will be back. two mins later he came back and said that he pulled a few and got us a table at 8pm wow.so all i can say we had a great stay all thanks to kelvin the conciergeMrs p	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Location Poor service and bad attention to detail	The hotel has one great thing to recommend - location. Was travelling for the 1st time to London and it is just about a minute away from the tube station, the best way to get around. Gloucster Road Station has 3 tube lines running thru and is in the middle of zone 1. Walking distance from Kensington High Street and Hyde park. Good pubs and eateries around.By mistake my secretary had booked twice, on the internet as the booking confirmation had not flashed on the screen when she booked it for the 1st time. Was charged for both the bookings! Lousy attitude! most other hotels in my experience would have cancelled the extra booking! Also when I arrived at 0800, after a 11 hour flight, I had to wait for 2 hours before the room was ready. Post that when I proceeded to the room, having being advised it was ready I was shocked to find it in complete disarray. Had to wait another hour before the room was cleaned up and ready for use!The attention to detail in the room was lousy. Was staying in the 1st floor room and it felt like I was sleeping on the road. Noise all the time! Make sure in case ur staying here ask for a room in the 3rd floor or above. The attention to detail was just plain missing. The dressing mirror in the 1st floor rooms, is at a funny place - where one stores the luggage. It would have taken a houdini like feat to get in front of it. One of the mens room in the reception area had hooks missing. There was no telephone next to the bed and morning calls meant a somnabulation to the desk. Lights were funny! No proper bedlamps! the list can go on! The worst was the internet ! a lousy 20 pound charge! for one day! daylight robbery!There is a good internet browsing center nearby. Skip the hotel internet!It typified the attitude at the hotel, take it or leave it!The concierge desk was the only redeeming feature as far as service is concerned. My advice. If all you want is bed and location for travelling around london, take the hotel. Else skip it.	
Sep 9 2009 	Lovely hotel in lovely location	We booked this through lastminute.com and got it for £60ppn B&amp;B, which for London is a good price. When we saw the hotel we realised it was a great price.At less than one minute from Gloucester Road tube station and with its own car park it is well situated. Easy walk to Museums, Albert Hall and Harrods at this end of the city. The surrounding area is fabulous - very up market Kensington and great for an evening or early morning stroll.The rooms were comfortable and adequate. Though watch out for extras.Make sure you are B&amp;B, the breakfast was fantastic - buffet style, though you would have to be going some to get £17.50 worth if you bought it separately.We did not try any of the hotel restaurants or bars, though the restaurants did not look too expensive. Nearby there are loads of other places to eat and a couple of old style pubs and even a Tesco and Waitrose.David H - Shropshire	
Sep 2 2009 	Wonderful Fun Educational Party Time	London was all I hoped it would be. My husband and I spent 5 days and a half ; 27 Aug - 1 Sep 09. The hotel is a a great location; two min walf to Gloucester Rd Tub stop and close to the 74 Bus, which runs all night. No need to rent a car. One of the best subway systems I have seen. The weather was perfect, 77ish with no rain. There is so much to see, take good walking shoes. Dollar rate was not very good, recommend checking a few place before you exchange money; airport does not have a good exchange rate. got a better rate in mall around the corner from hotel. Attended the Notting Hill Carnival (West Indies/Caribean Festival). Nice crowd control by police, for so many people. We will be going back. Highly recommend this hotel. Staff was friendly and room was Hilton+ quality.	
Aug 29 2009 	Very nice hotel - great location!	I stayed here with my niece for 8 nights in August. We had a great rate - booked 3 months ahead at 20% off under the hotel's &quot;Leisure for Longer&quot; offer. Though I had booked a standard room, we were given a superior room, which was quite roomy. The front desk personnel were efficient if not overly friendly. Most people working at the concierge desk were very helpful. The location can't be beat - the hotel is steps from the Gloucester Road tube station, which is on 3 lines (Piccadilly, District, Circle). We did not have the hotel's breakfast, which seemed a little expensive, but there were plenty of places to grab a light breakfast within a block of the hotel. Would stay here again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Wonderful Time!	Had a great experience with this hotel! The staff was excellent, friendly, helpful! The Hotel is beautiful inside, the room we had was great, large for European hotels! Very clean and decorated nicely! Continental breakfast was also great! Would definately stay here next trip to London!	
Aug 24 2009 	Good Hotel	This was my second stay at this hotel and if I can find a good deal, I will stay again. The hotel is very well managed. I hardly had any interactions with the staff, which actually, what I consider a good stay as everything goes so smoothly. Check-in and out was quick. There is always staff at the door to assit. Had a great room on the 4th floor. Though this is a very busy area, the hotel is just off the major road enough to have complete quiet. Even with the window open, I never heard any street noise.Everything was clean and very well appointed. The room for London is quite large--2 twin beds, TV/storage dresser, desk &amp; chair, as well as a more relaxing chair with table. Good closet area. And large bathroom.Decent selection of channels on the TV. The location couldn't be more convenient, maybe a 1 minute walk from the Gloucester Road Tube. Adjacent are a number of resturants with a wide range of offerings, and other shops inclduing a Waitrose, Boots, Tesco Express, and Starbucks. The Post Office is also just across the road. It's a very safe area, and as a middle aged female, often coming and going on my own in the evening, that is very important. The surrounding streets are busy with lots of tourists and also locals, and iit is a very upscale area. A short walk brings you to Kensington High Street, another good area with lots of shops and resturants.I've stayed at several other hotels in the near vinicty and those were also nice, but not at the level of the Millenium Gloucester. I highly recomend this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	Worst front desk experiance of all time...	Checked into the hotel after 20 hours of flying and all I wanted was a room... After a lengthy check in period was given keys to two rooms which were reserved as adjoining however they were not available so one was just down the hall. My parents got to their room and all was fine. go down the hall to find the room was not made up. Back down to the front desk, given key to another room after 5 minutes and up the elevator again. Open the room and there was someone in it sleeping! Went back downstairs again, repeated the process and given keys to another room. Opened the door and it was not made up! On the fourth go, finally given keys to a room that was one room of the Presidential suite. It was over an hour until I finally got into a room – not pleased.On the third night, was awaken to a fire alarm at 3am, which then changed to the evacuate tone. Grabbing my passport and wallet, went down across the roof of the building, down the stairs and onto the street. There was a group of people gathering in the lobby and the lone clerk at the front desk had no idea what was going on. Apparently some drunken idiot smashed a fire panel and set off the system. The front desk clerk was refusing to call the fire department as he thought it was just a fault and also refused to call the manager of the hotel at home, as he was under the impression he would get in trouble… There was an irate group of individuals at this point. After an hour the alarm was finally taken care of by the fire department which showed up 30 minutes after the first alarm.Only good things about the property was the closeness to the Piccadilly tube line and there was good pub across the street. Would not recommended at all…	
Aug 11 2009 	lots of street noise	This hotel has a nice location and I found the staff to be friendly. My room was very clean and I thought the hallways and elevators were kept clean as well. My room was on an extremely busy, loud street so it was hard to get good sleep. I am sure that there are more quiet rooms but I did not get one. I had room 251--if they assign this room to you insist on a different one if you want to sleep.	
Aug 4 2009 	Unfriendly and rude Front Desk 	We stayed at the Millennium Gloucester for 3 nights in end-July. The hotel is in a great location - just a cross the road to from the Gloucester Road tube station. I would share all the positive reviews that people have put here. The only drawback is the front desk and concierge staff. Again, speak little English, unprofessional, never offer any help. The only exception was with a GREAT English lad at the concierge at around 7:30 pm on July 29 2009.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for a weekend break and the hotel was excellent.It is right next to Gloucester Street tube station, which you can reach direct from Paddington train station. We managed to get a good deal through Lastmin.com so for what we paid it was great value, not sure what usual rates are.There was lots of cabin crew and pilots staying so it must be good. Rooms were clean and really comfortable, the bed and pillows are memory foam so really nice! I could not moan about anything except the hairdryer was rubbish, girls take your own if you can!!There is a few resturants around the hotel, we visited two. On the first night went to Dim T, a great noodle/oriental type resturant which was great. Not bad value for London and really nice food. On the last day we went to Bugis St, which is part of the hotel, they do a Sunday lunch buffet for £7.95. This was not great, there was very limited choice and most items were fried! However I suppose for the price it was not too bad, and when we left I did leave my bag and the owner chased us to hand it back. Very honest, thank you!So overall a great hotel, I would definitely go back if visiting London again.Tip: If you are looking for a good show we would reccomend Sister Act, great fun!	
Jul 31 2009 	Nice Hotel but definitely for the business traveler	I came to London to spend a few days with friends and wanted to stay in/near the South Kensington area. The neighborhood is fantastic and quaint and there is easy access to the Gloucester station tube. The hotel doormen were very friendly and accommodating. The staff behind the desk were less friendly and helpful. The rooms were very nice and clean, a little stark. The best part of this hotel is location.	
Jul 27 2009 	Gone steadily downhill over the last 20 years	We've stayed at this hotel almost every time we've visited London since the late 1980s and it has always been our first choice, staying in other hotels on only a handful of occasions I can recall (and even one of those we moved to the Gloucester part-way into our visit because we disliked the other hotel so much).However, in recent years our visits to the hotel have become more and more disappointing. With us being most dissatisfied with this most recent visit. Probably the most annoying was the attitude of some staff members, particularly the front desk staff. Our relationship with whom started our rocky after we were put in a twin room when I'd specifically booked a double. &quot;The room is in the computer as a double&quot;, says he. &quot;I can assure you it's not&quot;, says I (having been in the hotel business and knowing full-well the difference between the two). Then the solution of having housekeeping turn said room into a double by moving the beds together being the only/best solution proffered? On a reservation that was booked six months out? Well it's just not good enough really.But one thing was better - I really liked the new digital TV system and large flat screen LCD TVs that have been introduced since our last visit 18 months ago. However, that will not be enough to get me back again.	
Jul 21 2009 	Not a great experience - rough around the edges	With my work, I travel a lot, and am fortunate to stay in a number of very good hotels. I was attending a conference at the Millenium Gloucester and the organisers had arranged for all delegates to stay at the hotel, as well as dining within the establishment throughout our two night stay.Upon arriving at the hotel at their stated check in time, I was told that there was only going smoking rooms left, something that I do not especially like as a non smoker. Upon arrival in the room, I was impressed with the overall space offered and there is a nice large television and comfortable bath room. These are the good points. The bathroom was not clean, with some form of dripped discoloration down the front of the counter and a bath that was sticky. The bed was a double bed, but a old fashioned one, basically comprised of two single beds, joined in the middle One half of the bed was incredibly rock hard, and the other hard was like a bean bag - this all made for a very uncomfortable nights sleep.The room lacked a guest information directory, so I went down to reception to purchase an internet access card. I went to reception and asked for a WIFI card for my room, which they subsequently provided and charged me for. Returning to my room, I could not get it to work, however had to then leave for dinner, so decided to leave it. In the morning I said I cannot get the wifi to work. Reception told me that the WIFI does not work in guest rooms and she could not believe I had not been told this at the time of purchase. After a prolonged discussion, I was refunded. I would say that this hotel aims itself at business customers - something that I cannot see being a great success with such more internet access and a cost of £9 for only 4 hours, when most business hotels now offer free wifi.Dinner was in the hotels conservatory, which was standard conference fare - all served hot and relatively tasty - however the Roast Lamb was served with a parsnip mash that tasted so sweet it turned your stomach. The desert, was utterly hideous and one of the most poorly conceived dishes that I have ever seen - it has become a running joke for all of our conference delegates.The public area lavatories were also permanently messy and unappealing. On a positive side, the checkout was smooth and the breakfast was the best I have ever had in London.Basically, this was not up to scratch and you could do much, much better for less money, including hotels such as the City Inn Westminster and the Gloucester' sister hotel at Chelsea FC - both of which do such a better job and have a higher level of attention to detail. Deeply disappointing.	
Jul 19 2009	Good Price Good Location	This hotel isn't in the heart of London, but it is in a very nice neighborhood and is steps from the Gloucester Road tube station and the tour bus stop. I think we paid about 110 Euro/night. It's more of a business hotel than a tourist hotel. The rooms and bathrooms are huge by London standards. The staff was very nice: they allowed us to check in early, and the concierge was happy to show us how to get around, and got us a reasonably-priced car service to the train station. There are lots of cafes and shops nearby, including a 24-hour Tesco. We ate at Light of India and DaMario nearby--both were good.	
Jul 15 2009 	Not really up to scratch	I stay here from time to time through work (we get preferential rates). This stay was very average with some problems along the way.The hotel is very well located 1 mins walk from Gloucester Rd Tube Station, and 5-10 mins walk from the museums of South Kensington.First impressions aren't bad. A large covered driveway, with limos parked around. The door is often manned. The lobby is reasonably large and looks like the designers have taken inspiration from the large hotels in Asia. The hotel is obviously popular for airline crew stays. I think the the dozen or so times I've been in the lobby I've always seen at least half a dozen airline staff milling about.For such a large hotel the restaurant selection is odd. There is a nicely laid out restaurant that is only open for Breakfast and a small restaurant serving Singaporean food, and that's it! I've previously tried this restaurant and it was really nothing special - The Hot &amp; Sour soup was neither hot or sour. You can use the sister hotel, The Bailey's Hotel Restaurant next door for meditteranean fare if you like, but on a wet night if you don't want Singaporean food you're stuck with room service. The hotel bar is not too bad and makes a reasonable place to have a small meeting.I was allocated a double non smoking on the 3rd floor. There was no offer of a morning call, or paper (free or otherwise). The room was adequate and in reasonable condition. With the curtains closed the lighting was a bit dim. The bathroom is average sized. The bath has an overhead shower (albeit set very low at about 5'6&quot;.). A word of warning my bath had very steep and high sides which made getting out of the bath awkward and potentially hazardous. There is a handrail but it's only useful if you want to climb out of the bath and put your foot into the toilet!The TV didn't work in my room. An engineer came but said he had 20 other rooms who had known problems and that it was probably a server issue and that wouldn't get fixed tonight (8pm). With at least 20 rooms experiencing problems - I didn't see there being much point in requesting a room change.The following morning I could only get lukewarm water, so a bath was out of the question. The water pressure in the shower was very power, little more than a trickle.Breakfast was included in my tariff. I'd be very unhappy paying the quoted £17.50 below. The only papers available at the desk at 7.45am were copies of the Wall St Journal. Although the Matre D did go and get me a copy of the Telegraph from the concierge. The Buffet is pretty uninspiring and seems to offer little more than the standard buffet - no surprises. At 17.50 in a large hotel I would have thought they could finance a few extras, but no. The orange juice is terrible and tastes like they've added 1/2 a glass of water to the concentrate you normally drink neat from the supermarket. Coffee is OK.On check-out I mentioned the problems and after a quick word with the assistant manager - a note was made to upgrade me on my next visit - we'll see.Overall, the hotel isn't bad. It's clean, and feels comfortable. If you can get a good price and assuming the plumbing and electrics work, I think you'll have a good stay. There are a lot worse hotels out there.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great expectations that lead to an even greater let down	Okay my fellow trip advisors i was a little hesitant on writing this review because i dont like to be the party pooper on this hotel.I am a very easy to please sort of guy so it takes a lot to put me off of something.When we first checked in we were told the room was not ready which is standard since we were early we dropped off our bags and went to explore the beautiful city of London.We got back to the hotel around 3 to go to our room so that we could relax after getting off the eurostar and take a shower to get ready for dinner.We got off on the 5 th floor only to see we had a smoking room but we requested a non smoking room.Once again not being picky i have severe asthma so that alone is a nightmare trying to sleep at night.When we entered the room there were carpet burns all over the place,and on the furniture and the t.v did not work neither did the internet service also the peeling ceiling paint didnt do anything for me either..So we called to see if the room could be changed we booked a superior room so we asked for a similar room to which we paid for.They moved us to the club room which is supposed to be a better room than what we had.So we said at least the hotel is making up for the inconvenience after a long trip.Well when we got into the room it looked like the bedroom set from the Golden Girls....no exaggeration.After that point i gave up and said it is what it is lets just enjoy London...hey where in europe.. Lets try nd find someplace to eat.dinner tonight...ohh wait we cant the internet doesn't work and worked once for an hour for my entire stay..... so here i am typing this long review ..one which i never thought i would have to..so stay here folks at your own risk....p.s steer clear of the shady queen at the check in desk....not nice at all.... you were warned...this place is a hit or miss ..so if you get a great deal go for it but if you paid a regular price head for the hills..no like now..go..no really go	
Jul 14 2009 	Internet Charges not acceptable.	Checked into the hotel 1 hour early and our room was ready - which was a relief. The hotel is a bit souless and not really welcoming. None of the front of house staff speak English as a first language - so communication is a bit difficult. The hotel decor is a bit dark overalll and could do with brightening up.Our room was clean except for a few of those hairs in the bath you do not like to see !!!.We checked a box when booking to ask for internet access in our room - which we got - eventually - after we had to call an IT man from the staff to re-configure our lap top to connect by cable to the hotel internet [ no Wi -Fi in the rooms]. What was a shock was £20 per day to use the service. In this day and age this is not accetable and a rip off really - when every pub and cafe around the hotel offer WiFi for free.On the plus side the hotel is very quiet - at night and our Queen size bed very comfortable - Ihad 2 very good sleeps at night.the breakfast at £17.50 is very average - from the buffet - with a £5 reduction if you prebook when checking in. Again a total abscence of English staff makes communication just a bit more difficult - although I accept this is a sign of the times in london. Breakfast is available accross the road in a very nice deli for £6.99 - including coffee.Not a bad hotel - just that bit impersonal - but I suppose a lot of people prefer this. just the uinternet access thing badly let it down. I hate being ripped off. I speak from expewrience being chairman of a Tourism Association so I know how the business works.	
Jul 13 2009 	great location great deals with Last Minute	we were very pleased with the location of this hotel. We got a great deal with Top Secret and so cannot fault this for value. The interior is beautiful and is very well maintained	
Jul 12 2009 	Great value and comfort	I normally stay in this area and decided to give the Millenium a try. I got one of their 3 night deals and had a very nice room on the first floor. It was on the road but can't say it was noisy. The breakfast buffet was varied and worth the extra but I am not a b/fast person and wouldn't bother next time. I had a Queen size or some such bed and large TV in a very stylish room. It didn't seem the budget room that would go with the deal! The hotel had AC which was great during the hot spell of my visit. Will be back. Certainly better value than the aparthotel in this area I used in the past. Internet access was 20 pounds a night but there is an internet cafe around the corner.	
Jul 5 2009 	Everything You Need	Have just returned after a 3 night stay at this hotel. Took about 2 minutes to check in, this is a lovely hotel and very handy for Knightsbridge and Chelsea which is only about 10-15 minutes walk to both. Gloucester tube is just around the corner, and there are some lovely cafe's and restaurants and pubs just outside the hotel. ( Decided to give the breakfast a miss for that reason ) also Tesco's which comes in very handy. The hotel room was lovely, very modern with a flat screen tv, queen size bed, lovely and clean with new white fluffy towels good air con, which was needed as it was boiling hot in London, i'm happy to say. There was tea and coffee facilities, iron and board, safe and plenty of space and cupboards etc in the room.I paid £99 per night which i thought was a good deal for London. Would be more than happy to stay there again. The range of takeaway food in London is very good you can can get almost anything. I would recommend a trip up to Camden Lock there's loads of markets and food stalls, very lively and a great day out. There's a restaurant called Cloves near the hotel which sadly i cannot recommend. Paid £9.95 for a tiny lamb chop with four baby potatoes, i asked for one portion of veg which cost another £3.25 i'm not a big eater but this is the first time i have left a restaurant still hungry ! Also they stuck £3.89 service charge on the bill. There's plenty others out there which will probably be much better value.	
Jun 20 2009 	It has been better!	I have stayed at this hotel at second time. First time I was there in July, 2006 and it seemed to me very good. The second stay was not so smooth. We have been upgraded to the superior room as we had booked standard room with double bad and was offered a room with twin bed. I complained about this to the manager and received upgrade. The breakfast was excellent, the room was spacious enough, but the bathroom should be renewed - it looks old. Also we had to recharge our room keys almost every day.In the end of our stay we have been locked in our room!!! And it took us 15 minutes calling to reception and house-keeping in order to have someone to unlock us!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Location	Spent seven days at this very good hotel, excellent location, just meters away from Underground on Piccadilly line. Huge room, excellent facilities. Would recommend it to anyone, business or leisure.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great location and very amiable staff - club lounge is very nice	My wife and I stayed at this hotel because many airlines use it for their crews so we thought it must be OK. It is an upscale, modern hotel with a great location and was also nice and quiet. The Picadilly tube line station is only a few steps away making it very convenient as this line goes straight to Heathrow Airport. Museums, Harrods and many reasonably priced restaurants are within walking distance. We upgraded to a Club Room and did not realize it , but this upgrade allows you into the Club Lounge where a very fine (loxs, fruit, latte, etc.) complimentary continental breakfast served every morning and in the evening there is wine, cheese, etc. If you don't require a big breakfast, the continental breakfast as served is plenty (in some respects better than the buffet in the main dining room.) We made the mistake of buying the Buffet every morning (at a reduced rate) but would have been more than happy with the offering in the Club Room. The hotel would not give us a refund. We will know better next time.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great location look for good deals	My review is based on the fact that I got an excellent deal on this hotel - I paid less for this hotel than you would a Travel Lodge and therefore am very impressed with what I got for my money. Impressive lobby, polite door and reception staff, upgraded to a Superior room which consisted of a Super King size bed, huge TV and small office area with desk &amp; leather chair. Location is fantastic, right on the door step of Gloucester Rd tube, walking distance to lots of tourist traps incl Hyde Park, Notting Hill, Knightsbridge etc. Perfect for a London weekend break. Can't fault the hotel - oh except the one bathrobe in a 2 person room??? A bit odd but if that's my only complaint it's not so bad!	
Jun 3 2009 	Well run but not as good as it should be for the price	Stayed here for business recently for 3 days. I knew the hotel years ago when I stayed here regularly, and it hasn't changed very muchGood stuff:location is excellent, in a prosperous area and right next to a convenient tube. Lots of local facilities; Cleanliness and standards of maintenance are tip-top; Service is very efficient and friendly enough; Rooms are well sized; Not so good stuff:Decor is pretty dated and too transatlantic for my taste - OK if you like lots of brass and orange wood; In-room facilities (toiletries etc) are pretty stingy for this class of hotel; Internet is a total rip-off. Gouging £8/hr for something which costs the hotel virtually nothing leaves a very nasty taste in the mouthSo overall it can't muster more than an average mark. There are much better hotels for this sort of money, which offer a more modern and &quot;special&quot; experience. The Gloucester is just a bit too mediocre to be anything more than a well-run corporate hotel in a decent location. It is very well managed, and if this sort of decor and impersonality appeals to you and you get a good deal, it's well worth a look.	
May 26 2009 	Great - except for air freshener!!!	We stayed on the 5th floor (a Millennium Club room). The staff were very friendly and helpful. We took advantage of the Club Room on the 6th floor one night for wine and snacks and every morning for a limited breakfast.The location is great -- the Gloucester Road tube station is literally across the street, so easy access to the Circle, District, and Piccadilly lines. Stores and restaurants in the same block.My only complaint is that they use some kind of fancy air freshener every time they clean the room and I have perfume allergies. The odor was overpowering every time you walked into the room! I had maintenance come up and open the window for me -- we kept it open the entire 4 nights we spent there -- fortunately the weather was great. Having the window open helped, but did not eliminate, the odor. (Yes, I asked our maid not to use the air freshener while we were there.) Because of this we spent as little time as possible in the room.So, IF YOU HAVE PERFUME ALLERGIES OR ASTHMA, you would be better off staying somewhere else!	
May 26 2009 	Great hotel just keep track of your credit card charges!!!!	Before I write anything else, I have to first mention that if you stay at this hotel, know that you will have a charge of your whole stay's worth plus 50GBP per night on your credit card at check in. I found out the hard way when I returned home to see that I somehow managed to go over the limit on my credit card and after calling the bank it turned out that the hotel carged me almost $900 (I stayed for only 3 days by the way, and this was on top of what I was actually supposed to pay for the hotel). I understand that yes, hotels often do put a hold on your credit card for incidentals, but $900...for 3 days?!?! But the worst thing is - they didn't tell me they would do that! Had I known, I would have given a different card for this charge and not went over the limit! So, dear Susanna (I think that was the name of the girl at the registration desk), please learn that &quot;We need to see your credit card for verification&quot; does not = &quot;We need to put a hold of $900 on your credit card&quot;!But at least this is the only issue I had with the hotel. Otherwise, it was great, everything looked just like the pictures on their website and other travel sites. The room was very clean, the furniture, carpet, etc looked new, the bathroom was very nice, the shower, water temperature and water pressure were excellent, especially for London. Housekeeping was great, they never bothered us (like in many hotels where they bang on your door in the morning and then try to come in while you're sleeping - even if you have the &quot;Do no disturb&quot; sign on), and they cleaned well. I saw other people's reviews here about the older, crappier rooms - I think those are the Standard Rooms (I stayed in the Superior Room). Of course, if you are going to pay less you'll get less, so I really recommend paying a bit more and staying in the Superior Room. I don't know if the price difference is very large or not but I think having uncertainty about whether your room will be nice or not is a big downer. Overall, I think this hotel is a perfect option for London, having stayed in several other hotels of different classes/levels there, this is my favorite one. One tip for the hotel manager - train your staff to inform the customers of any extra charges that they may have because what happened to me was a pretty big deal to me. I left the hotel feeling great about the stay, but once I came home and had to deal with my bank and calling the hotel I was left with a very negative feeling about it.	
May 26 2009 	Umm Very mixed on this hotel	I have really mixed feelings on this Hotel. We stayed here on Saturday 23rd May 09. We had a room with free Mini Bar which enticed us.The room itself was clean and very spacious although a little tatty, missing shades on spot lights, carpet freying around the edge of the bed and the furniture. I must say the Lobby is beautiful and were the halls.Well back to the Mini bar it consisted of 2 diet cokes, 2 cokes, 2 sprites 4 bottles of water,2 chewing gums, 2 cans of fosters, 1 small packet of kettle chips, 2 small bottles of wine, I was not impressed !! Also the tea and coffee facilites were a joke you are given enough tea and coffee for 8 drinks but are only provided with 4 small tubs of milk(enough for 2 drinks !!) I called housekeeping and was told this was standard and I requested more be brought to the room but they never turned up. More silly things the room was booked for 2 Adults yet only 1 bathrobe was provided and the towels smelt awful (clean but awful). So all in all our stay was ok as the area surrounding the hotel is beautiful as is the local pub , but we will not be returning .	
May 25 2009	Peaceful Stay!	This is deffinately a very good hotel and look forward of going there again as the staff is very polite and unerstand customer value. Also did our good check with this site on Tripadivisor. Thankyou to tripadvisor too! We did a good check before doing the reservations at Millennium Gloucester ,London. Right from the booking to check out this hotel has been the best and very accomadating. We were travelling from India to london from Paris (atrocious experince). We did our ref check and what an amazing customer service this hotel has stood upto. We called the hotel from India as my mother who is a senior citizen was also accompanying us, We wanted to know if they had any rooms where they have shower cubiles as many hotels dont as she finds it difficult getting in and out of the bath tub for thier heights are too high and at her age its all the more difficult but they also did not (hotels should do something about this or atleast have low tubs!) but like all hotels even they did not have the requirement but atleast they suggested that they had special rooms which can be used for people with for special care requirement. (unlike Paris,concorde la fayaette, where very straight they attended to us with a rude &quot;no&quot;, please see to my review also on concorde la fayette, Sorry to say this but I think people there dont grow old! ) But we had booked and paid for the club rooms so first they had our reservation booked to the first floor in thier deluxe category but then then when we inquried that we were booked for the club they accepted and told us that they had even blocked the club rooms but because of our special requirement they booked us on that category as but they soon oblized abd changed as we did not like the first floor layout as it lacked privacy room was ok. So the duty manager Nitin,showed us the club rooms and as we always prefer interconnecting rooms when we are on a family holiday (which even we requested Concorde La Fayette and thankgod they atleast did!) changed to what we paid for the club rooms.Then we shifted to the 7th floor of the hotel. Good clean spacious rooms they also gave a nice chair in the bathroom so that my mother could atleast get in with our help and sit and bathe on the comfortable plastic chair. Which we found them to be very kind and even my mother was happy there. Yes, one more thing was good that this too is a 4* property had in the room there were not 1 but 2 electric kettles as we like drinking warm water and tea immediately after we get up and to our surprise again comparision to concorde la fayette they did not have a single kettle in the 2 rooms that we stayed there in and again when we asked for it all we got &quot;no&quot; as an answer! Also when we went there for breakfast and asked for hot water they took so long to get us and later all the attendents would make you feel like go get your own water! Very cold and rude attitude they had. We are a 3rd world country but atleast we believe in offering water to the guest and the thirsty! Whereas Millennium Gloucester was a very nice comfortable stay. Thankyou to Nitin,Donna, David, Valdas and the entire team at Millennium Glousester. Even if the hotel lacked a little discomfort we were very happy as the kindness and service makes one overlook anything! Please keep upto to the mark and my mother conveys her thankyou to David (who was attenting at the breakfast room) and to all. Making her happy makes us happier! So well done milliennium gloucester, London. Would deffinately recommend to all,	
May 24 2009 	Perfect location for visiting London!	We stayed for 3 nights, May 09 and it was great. I mainly chose the hotel because it was easy to get to on the tube from heathrow and it had good reviews on this site. We were'nt dissapointed. It was right next door to Gloucester road tube - couldn't be easier with 2 large suitcases! We booked a business club room through Late rooms. It was a good price for central London and the room was a decent size (unlike many other I have been in!!) The price included free mini bar and internet acces in the room - however the mini bar was very basic (coke, lemonade, water, wine and fosters) and only stocked once a day so it wasnt like you could go crazy on free booze or anything! We weren't told that the internet was only free with a laptop, so we used it through the TV. On check out we had internet charges on our bill, when we queried it they removed it instantly with no fuss.The buffet breakfast had good choice and the service was exellent. I would recommened booking at check in because it's 5 pounds cheaper than on the morning. The imeadiate area had a tesco metro, bank, boots, pubs and restaurants, but as the tube was so close you could be just about anywhere in central London with in minutes, it was quiet at night though. All in all a good hotel.	
May 22 2009 	Couldn't Be Better	We stayed there 3-7 of May, 2009, to a superior room. We took advantage of the offer &quot;leisure for longer&quot;, so we got a better price and breakfast included. The hotel is less than 50 metres away from the metro and bus station and there are some restaurants and pubs around, and supermarkets as well. Stuff was very helpfull and polite and the room was just as in the photos. No hidden charges, no bad surprises. Large, comfortable room, queen bed -we slept very well, and very clean bathroom. Breakfast was served from 6:30-10:00, it was really rich, it had everything you could ask for in a huge buffet, which was constantly being refreshed. Well, to say something negative, I would prefer a better view from the window or larger windows.I would definatelly stay there again, every time I visit London.	
May 19 2009 	Excellent hotel great location	We found the Millenium Gloucester to be an excellent, well maintained hotel. We were also located about 50 yards from the Gloucester Road tube station. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. I called the concierge several times and he never failed to help me. Most ratings I have seen for this hotel are in the 4 star range. I found the room to be small for that rating and access to electrical outlets was a little quirky also, but at 96 pounds a night I thought it was an excellent value. There is a nice restaurant in the hotel and many within a short walking distance. You are also an easy walk to the Victoria and Albert, and other museums, and Kensington and Hyde Parks.	
May 17 2009 	Great Locationbut rude cleaning maids	Myself and two friends(two rooms) went upto London for the weekend of fri 8th and sat 9th may for a fun weekend out.Very nice hotel in a great location.However the saturday morning we got loud knocking on the door early about 8am from the maids.we told them we were in so they left.After leaving the room about 10:00am with one friend deciding to stay in the room as he was feeling under the weather he told us when we got back that a maid had just walked in on him just walked out of the shower without even knocking!she obviously left straight away,but found this rather pushy.Then again on the sunday morning we had the maids knock on the door two seperate times early doors.Door hangers were supplied,but have not had to use them in hotels in past because obviously maids knock and make sure the guests are happy for them to enter before actually entering.nice hotel,but was very unhappy with these early wake up calls	
May 17 2009 	OK but showing its age	Don't disagree with the generally positive reviews here - good location, reasonable service, friendly staff. But this hotel is showing its age and is past its best - rooms are OK size-wise, but everything is just a bit dog-eared and downbeat, and for this reason not as good value for money as other hotels which are newer. Lifts that don't have the necessary capacity, very shabby paintwork, tiny, old-fashioned bathrooms with dated decor, entertainment system that doesn't quite work. Noise between rooms is a problem - our last stay was marred by a noisy TV that was left on all night. Lots of corridor noise and if you face the street, you'll know you are in a big city. The beds, however, are extremely comfortable, and the breakfast, if expensive, is pretty good by hotel buffet standards.	
May 5 2009 	That good I am am going back for my honeymoon!	I have stayed at the Gloucester on many occasions over the past few years ( as well as the sister hotel Baileys) and I can honestly say we love it, the staff are pleasant, helpful and welcoming, the breakfast has always been superb (And we are not easily pleased as my partner and I are chefs with our own business) The bedrooms we have been allocated so far have been spacious and clean as well as relaxing, the only issue we have ever had was that we were once given twin beds instead of a double, a quick phone call to reception and it was resolved minutes later. The location is brilliant with access to the tube 50 metres away, and museums just a short stroll away too, loads to see and do in the surrounding area, Kensington High St...Harrods ect. We have also stayed at the hotel with relatives on several occasions as well as, as a couple, and they too have always been pleased with their rooms ect. Anyway I only have a few days available to fit a bit of a honeymoon in, so Millennium Gloucester I will see you at the end of May...Yay...Cant wait :-)	
Apr 29 2009 	Good choice.	I had stayed at this hotel at November 2001 and chose it again last Xmas. The location is good, as it is in one of London's best neighbourhoods and just 50 metres from the metro. The only problem was that when we arrived they gave us a room at an old part o the hotel- probably another hotel that was unified. The room was ok, clean and luxurious, but the aircondition made a non-stop light noise. We called for a technician and he came immediately, but as he told us this a a problem at all the rooms of this older side. They changed our room immediately and the new one was very modern, clean, and with a nice view on the street. The price was 100 euros per night. We recommend this hotel, but just avoid the old part. I think it's about 10-20% of the hotels rooms.Aris and Alkisti, Athens, Greece	
Apr 27 2009 	Convenient	The most convenient hotel if you are going to Wimbledon Tennis matches. The subway is right across the street and there is a supermarket and a number of chain restaurants within a stone's throw. The Club level rooms are a lot better than the basic ones. You also have access to a lounge and the snacks and wine in the evenings, then.Well worth the extra cash. The new section is very modern and the rooms are pretty large. The bathrooms are clean and big. Cannot say the same for the older section of the hotel. Will make you wait if you arrive before check-in time!	
Apr 23 2009 	I would go back!	This hotel is coveniently situated near Gloucester Road tube station. It is very comfortable and the rooms are modern and well equipped. I loved my stay and would definitely return, there is a lovely reception area and bar and a doorman who opens the door everytime you arrive laden with shopping bags!	
Apr 21 2009 	Millenium Gloucester is a great location in a quiet neighborhood but very close to tube and lots of good restaurants	We selected this hotel as part of a package based on other reviews we read here. We were not disappointed. As others said, the tube stop is a stone's throw enabling you to get anywhere in London. The lobby was attractive.The room was a decent size for a large city, and it was clean. The lighting in the room was a bit dim. There was a large flat screen TV, pot for boiling water and tea bags (no coffee-this is England, after all). Our room faced the courtyard and was very quiet. The breakfast was very good: traditional English breakfast with eggs, sausage, ham, potatoes, baked beans, tomatoes and mushrooms. There was also an assortment of cold cereals (no cooked oatmeal), fresh fruit, yogurts, cottage cheese, and pastry and breads. Foods on the buffet were replenished when needed. The service in the breakfast was very good. Our only criticism in the service area, was one evening when we were waiting to ask the concierge for directions to a restaurant nearby, he was occupied with flirting with some young women who were standing there. He did not pay any attention to us, and we left. The neighborhood is residential, but there are coffee shops, a supermarket ( Waitrose), and a Tesco Express very close nearby. The hotel is walking distance to Harrods, the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Natural History Museum. There are many restaurants within in the area of Old Brompton Road which is walking distance, or one tube stop to South Kensington.	
Mar 31 2009 	Comfortable four star hotel in convenient location	Good location just across from tube station but quite a bit of traffic noise. There are rooms facing the interior courtyard which might be quieter. Handy for the museums and not far from shopping in Kensington High Street. Plenty of restaurants nearby.Standard room for 4 star. Not spacious; a ridiculously large piece of furniture holding the TV meant that you couldn't walk past the end of the bed.Staff were pleasant and helpful.Got a very reasonable deal from Last Minute.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great Hotel terrific location	We arrived early in the morning before our rooms were ready. Left cases and went out. On return we were upgraded to club rooms. Rooms comfortable, all you expect from 4*. breakfast excellent, staff courteous, would definitely recommend this hotel. Knowledgeable conceriege team. Wonderful fresh flowers everywhere.	
Mar 26 2009	Will be back in a heart beat	My sister and I stayed for 8 nights and we were very satisfied. Everyone (check in, concierge) were very helpful. Hotel facade is not flashy, but lobby is nice, rooms were pretty simple but clean (very important!) and up to par with american standards. The Tube is about 500 meters from hotel, lots of places to eat, groceries (Waitrose and Tesco) were close by. Saved us a lot! And, we loved the Bugis chinese/singaporean restaurant ...Good priced sunday buffet. The Victoria/Albert/National/Science museum were a treat - &quot;free&quot; and walking distance from the Millennium. Lots of places that are walking distance as well - The Kensington gardens, Albert Music Hall, etc. The only thing I did not like is the room we had faced the street and when cars passed by, it's quite noisy at night. We could have asked to be transfered but did not bother. Most nights we were so tired anyway so we did not hear anything, LOL!Pay a little extra...it's worth it... I've stayed at other hotels before (been to UK 5 times) and most were small and tight and not as friendly and accommodating. So on my next trip to London with my husband, we're definitely staying at the Millennium Gloucester again!	
Mar 23 2009 	short stay of only 2 nights...	1st impressions were very good as without prompting I was upgraded to their Millennium Club floor, which, in my mind meant a bigger room - that was about it I think. Staff were very good and good choice in the morning fro breakfast - also quick turn-around in the restaurant - mixture of tourist and business. As I was at an event at the Marriott, 5 minutes walk away, it was ideally located. Good range of evening venues for wide range of food. My only critism of these type of hotels is that they can be soul-less - oh, and I wish these hotels would just include internet access in with the price, instead of mucking about with vouchers etc. That said would recommend - does what it says on the tin in a good location.	
Mar 22 2009 	Our temporary home in London	We chose this hotel after reading traveler reviews here and elsewhere. We were not disappointed. Beautiful, clean, comfortable place to live for five days. Close to Tube's and buses that took us everywhere. There is a lovely French cafe, La Liason, across the street where we had breakfast every day. We arrived early and were allowed to store our luggage with the concierge until check-in time. Apparently popular with the airlines, as nearly every day we saw flight crews in the lobby. We did have a problem with the air conditioner that was not resolved, but this was a minor issue for us as the weather was cool while we were there. We highly recommend this hotel, and will definitely stay here again on our next trip to London.	
Mar 20 2009 	Watch which room you are allocated	Agree with all the other reviews.My note of caution regards the rooms,Initially we were allocated a room on the second floor..very small,missing a bedside cabinet and some bulbs out.Complained (nicely) and was then givena room on 4th floor which was vastly better in being much more modern and comfortable.May be we were given first room as we were a very low rate with &quot;&quot;Superbreaks&quot;holidays.So watch out and ask for a refurbished room.Otherwise, position,cleanliness etc. cannot be faulted.ps do not bother to eat in hotel for breakfast as brilliant cafes nearby	
Mar 12 2009 	Great hotel Great location Will be back!	I stayed in this hotel last weekend having booked it through last minute.com. I had taken note of all previous reviews and was willing to take the chance with this hotel due to its location. Firstly, the location was perfect, just minutes walk from Gloucester road tube station which is only 3- 4 stops from the west end. It was also a very nice area, lovely cafes, restaurants and tesco across the road. The hotel itself had a nice foyer, bit dated but clean. The staff were always very courteous and pleasant. Our room was spacious &amp; always spotlessly clean. After trecking around London each day it was very pleasant to come back to a very comfortable bed &amp; extremely quiet room, except for the hum of the air conditioning (but that didn't bother us). The only disappointment was the view from our room. Overall, we were very satisfied with the hotel.	
Feb 24 2009 	Absolutely fine - but a word of warning for leisure travellers	Good location, great access to the underground. Hotel is very clean. Room spotless if a little on the small side. Excellent TV. Didn't use the hotel bar as there are two or three atmospheric pubs within 3 minutes walk. The warning for leisure travellers is that if you're looking for a London hotel with good views of the sights, this is not the hotel for you! Most of the rooms here have little or no view at all, but if you can live with that, it offers great value for money. Breakfast was good but I didn't eat until 9.30. Will definitely return again!	
Feb 22 2009 	Great location very clean	The hotel is located in a small street heading to the lower part of Gloucester Road, were the buildings turn into smaller scale ones and shops are more colorful. It is very very close to Gloucester Road Tube station (about 150 mt).Our room was very clean, although very small, but that was not much of a problem, since we spent most of our time outside. The bathroom was normal size and very clean. The air-conditioning/heater was a bit noisy, but we did not need to keep it on during the night.Buffet breakfast was disappointing: very poor choice (and French toasts very below average). Anyway, Waitrose and Tesco Express plus a number od cafè being close by, next time we are not having breakfast at the hotel anyway.Staff was polite, but we did not have many needs to be met. On our last day we had a very ealry check-out and we were offered a breakfast-box (we could have not saved that morinng breakfast anyway).We really reccomend this hotel.	
Feb 17 2009	Good Tourist Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for three nights from a Thursday until Sunday. I found this hotel to be of a good standard. The staff were friendly and professional. The room I had was large by London standards with two double beds, flat screen TV with plenty of channels, good bathroom with plenty of toiletries. The English breakfast was quite good with a good choice of food, was hot and quickly replenished by the staff. The buffet was never crowded even at the weekend.Good location, next to the tube with three different lines so access to central London and the airport is easy. Also in the general area, Gloucester Road and lower South Kensington there are loads of cafes, restaurants and pubs.	
Feb 15 2009 	Could do better	Stayed here twice. Fisrt time the air conditioning didnt work and the room was so hot I had to be moved. Second time the heating didnt work and the room was very cold (housekeeping offered me a blanket). Whilst reception staff very pleasant, the 4 star central reception area decreases to a mediocre 3 star standard when you are in your room. Location near tube which local shops etc very good. Might try the Radison next time further down the road	
Feb 12 2009 	My stay	Booked this hotel through airmiles and was pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a club room on arriving by the very nice lady on reception - there were express lifts straight to the club rooms and we found the room to be clean and very comfortable for our stay - it was a very quiet room - we did not hear noise from the corridors at any time- we had full English Breakfast included in our stay and we have to say this was excellent - as we were on holiday we tended to go for breakfast about 9.00 after the business people and had no problem with anything not being replaced at the buffet as other reviewers have mentioned. As other reviews have stated the massive bonus to this hotel is its close proximity to the Gloucester Road tube station - excellent for getting to and from the west end. Our train home was not until the afternoon and the concierge stored our luggage for us whilst we took a trip to Harrods - all in all had a great trip and would not hesitate to stay here again	
Feb 2 2009 	PERFECT location - for me anyway!	Stayed one night, then a further two nights later in the week, at this hotel. We were on the club floor. Nice comfortable rooms, not overly large, but fine for us. Slightly odd system re. lights in the room where there was a mains switch, but on one side of the bed only, and which couldn't be over-ridden. That meant that you couldn't have one, or both, bedside lights on, without having the hall light on as well (or that's how it seemed to me). Also meant that I couldn't turn on the lights when I wanted to without having to ask my boyfriend! Bathrooms a bit small and usual London thing of shower in the bath, but all OK. Nice club lounge on 6/F with excellent friendly service and a good continental breakfast. Good, friendly concierge service as well - overall I think the staff in this hotel were EXCELLENT. The big selling point for me though is the fact it is BANG next door to Gloucester Road tube (no noise from it, though). That meant we could use the Piccadilly line to Heathrow, King's Cross (I was heading North on the mainline train at one point) and Central London, as well as being able to walk to Knightsbridge and South Kensington. Would definitely stay there again as location is unbeatable in my books, the place is good and the staff are lovely.	
Feb 1 2009 	Needs some work....poor quality control.	My company booked and paid for the hotel beforehand, so I had no choice in the matter. Check-in went okay...front desk staff very courteous. Doormen helpful but very obvious in their expectation of tips. Lobby has annoying (and slightly dangerous) set of 4 or 5 steps down from front entry...if you have rolling luggage, there's no recourse other than pulling everything apart and carrying it down (or letting the doorman do it, for a tip, of course!). Would it be too hard to build a ramp??? (DON'T bother coming here if you're wheel-chair bound) &quot;Deluxe&quot; room had no reading lamp - only glaring, hot halogen ceiling floods and a strange, 80's style sconce. Although it was winter, the room was HOT...selecting cool air blows only hot air. The maintenance guy admitted that in winter, no cooling air is provided. However, a small vent in the window made the room bearable. Hallway noise INCREDIBLE!!! Maids have absolutely no regard for the volume of their voices, banging of carts, etc, and the hotel seems to have invested in the loudest vacuums I have ever heard. Had 2 bulbs burnt out in the already poor lighting - I have found that most business hotels have better qc than that...TV remote battery dead...bathroom telephone dead. Beds comfy but did not make up for the negatives.	
Jan 22 2009 	Lovely hotel and the best breakfast!	I have stayed at this hotel twice (Dec 06 and Dec07). I wouldnt stay anywhere else in London. The first stay we had a very quiet room and the second time not so quiet. It was a room just above street level with a very large floor to ceiling window. There was a fair bit of traffic noise but I think it is fair to say that most hotels in a city will suffer this. Service at the hotel was excellent. I was a bit chilly one evening so asked for an extra blanket. We had two gorgeous fleecy blankets brought to the room in a matter of minutes. The hotel itself is very attractive with clean, spacious rooms. Breakfast is amazing. My son couldnt believe that there were doughnuts with sprinkles!! The location is a little out of the way for central london but the tube is right opposite so very convenient. The Natural history museum is a few minutes walk around the corner. Lovely hotel and friendly effiecient staff.	
Jan 17 2009 	Good location - average hotel	Not too badroom was a bit darkhad a dispute with the girl hosting breakfast - she claimed one day I had to pay for breakfast which was wrong.Nice big bed.Room was cold the first 2 nights.Good tube access.	
Jan 16 2009 	Great Location Hotel Has a Few Issues	My husband and I just returned from a week long stay at the Millennium Gloucester in London. The location of the hotel is fantastic. It is only a two minute walk from the Gloucester Rd tube stop, which is on the Piccadilly line - perfect if you are coming in from Heathrow. There is a 24 hour Tesco across the street from the tube station, as well as several restaurants on Gloucester Rd and a Waitrose attached to the station.The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. We particularly appreciated the concierge, as he was very helpful with giving directions, making suggestions and supplying us with a free of charge converter when ours broke mid-stay. The bar (Humphreys?) in the lobby was quite nice as well, with good drinks and snacks and good service. We often stopped there for a nightcap on our way back up to our room. However, there were a couple of negatives to our stay. The first is that the walls of the room are paper thin. We had a neighbor in the next room who played music all night and every time he went through his luggage or touched a plastic bag we could hear it loud and clear. Unfortunately he was there for most of our trip.The other major negative happened at checkout. The bill for incurred incidentals was around 100 pounds, despite the fact that we had only charged a few drinks to the room while at the bar. Upon inspection we found multiple room service charges and many mini-bar charges. We had never ordered room service and had not so much as opened the door to the mini-bar (due to reviewers advising that even picking up an item meant you would be automatically charged for it). The room service charges were to an entirely different room with a signature that looked nothing like ours (the clerk went to get the slip to look at it), so I have no idea how it ended up charged to us. After refuting the charges the front desk clerk quickly took them off of the bill reducing it to only about 30 pounds which we actually did charge ourselves. Overall not a big deal, I suppose, but they obviously have a flawed system if so many wrong charges could end up on our bill. Also, the way the clerk took things right off of the bill made it seem as though it happens quite frequently. So, a decent hotel overall with a great location. If you end up in a room with no immediate neighbors and end up with a bill that includes only charges that you actually made it would be a fine place to stay.	
Jan 12 2009 	Mediocre Millennium	We spent a Saturday night at this hotel as part of a week end break in London.The reception staff were courteous and helpful and check in and out was painless.The room was about average size and had a large double bed.The room was clean and the bed linen fresh. The TV was better than average . The room boasted of panoramic views of a brick wall, a common feature of London hotel rooms in my experience. Given the notoriety of London tap water it was disappointing that there was no complimentary mineral water, although it was available from the minibar at an excessive cost. This meanness extended to that lack of complimentary biscuits and a very limited selection of toiletry items.We tried coffee/tea and scones in the bar and found that the quality was very good as was the service.Breakfast was disappointing as staff could not seem to cope with the numbers of guests consequently the buffet would run out of items so that people would have to queue or just give up. Replenishment of fruit was particularly slow. The arrangements for toast are inadequate - it was a do it yourself job like you get in many Spanish hotels - only having one toaster meant that queues built up. The food was of a good quality.	
Jan 6 2009 	very nice hotel..	the millenium was a really nice and luxury hotel in a quiet and nice area in south kensighton... the tube (3 different lines) was right next to the hotel so very convinience to go anywhere in a few minutes .some nice italian restaurants and pubs where 2-3 minutes from the hotel...room was fantastic and the reception staff as nice as the lobby which was fantastic.but breakfast was such a disappointment. not because of the variety but because everyday to find bread , juice, eggs and others you should run cause they were disappeared in seconds. they had 300 people and bring 10 eggs or breads everytime. awful for a hotel like this.if you except this everything else was fantastic but...	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Service Great Location	Stayed at the Millenium Gloucester after getting a great deal on Expedia. Saw there were some mixed reviews on tripadvisor but after arriving found the staff at check-in to be excellent and very helpful.The room assigned was great and bed was very comfortable.Also situated in a great location right next to a tube station with some funky restaurant and pubs near by.All in all I have no complaints at all and will definately stay again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great location	We booked this hotel through Expedia as part of a package, and selected it purely based on the location. The hotel is indeed across the street from the Gloucester tube station which makes it perfect for getting around the city. The staff were very friendly, which isn't something you get everywhere in London, and although it seems to cater mainly to business travelers we were very satisfied with our experience. One small gripe was that we requested a smoking room, and they placed us in a tiny non-smoking room with a window that looked out on a roof and hallway. When we told them we wante a smoking room, they moved us very quickly but didn't offer to help move our luggage. On the other hand, the room was much larger so on balance I was happy. I had afternoon tea at the hotel several times and it was expensive but delicious (although every time they came out with Earl Grey, and I'm not a fan of bergamot). Otherwise we didn't eat there because there are many other places nearby. The concierge staff -- and we used them daily -- were very helpful. All in all a great place to stay and is now my favorite place to stay in South Kensington.	
Dec 19 2008 	Good location for tube	This is a good 4 star hotel, which is 1 minute walk from Gloucester Road tube station.Overall, it is a good hotel, but there were a few small problems.Maybe i'm being over fussy (?), but i found the receptionist to be un-friendly, there was only one shampoo bottle in the bathroom, our room was very drafty as the windows let in a bit of noise and wind. Also, the TV picture wasn't ideal, you could only see clearly from a certain angle, otherwise it was in silhoutte's.Not what i quite expected for a top 4 star hotel, which means i probably wouldn't return.	
Dec 14 2008 	Absolutely Perfect	A very warm welcome at the reception desk to begin with.THANK YOU SO MUCH RUBEN for your help. Superb efficency and excellent commercial awareness.(We had booked through Venere and the hotel had no reservation for us!)Ruben dealt with this magnificently.VERY NICE ROOM ,VERY CLEAN : everything you need :a safe ,a flat scree with very many channels from all over the world,internet perfect ,mini bar ,everything in the room to iron...what else???I spent hours on internet finding this hotel ,but now I know i'll come back here.	
Dec 13 2008 	Great Quality Hotel	My wife and I stayed in this hotel in mid-december for her 30th Birthday as part of a trip to London. We were not dissappointed! We booked direct with the hotel (http://www.milenniumhotels.co.uk/).To start off with, the location is superb. It is literally around the corner from the Gloucester Road tube station. I'm not great with distances, but i would estimate it at 100-200 yards away. Great to dash to if it is raining. They also have secure undergound parking (i believe a charge applies, but i don't know how much).Although the hotel says it is located in Harrington Gardens, the entrance is actually on a discreet undercover road between Harrington Gardens and Courtfield Road. As soon as you walk or drive through, it feels and oozes class.The main doors are opened by one of three concierge members, and you are immediately welcomed (some places look down their noses at guests - these people seem to want to help).We turned up early at midday (normally 2pm check in time), and were told our room wasn't ready. We went out for lunch (after leaving our bags with concierge), and when we came back at 1pm our room still wasn't ready. They apologised for this (even though we were still there before the proper check in time), and upgraded us to one of their club/members rooms.The rooms itself was very nice. Not only was it clean and comfortable, but it was well designed for a hotel room. They had a small wardrobe/changing area set into an alcove in the wall, and the bathroom, although compact, felt spacious due to the layout of bath/toilet/sink areas. The bed was also uber-soft and comfy, and i have one of the best sleeps in a hotel room so far (and i normally do about 30-50 hotels nights per year).It was also VERY quiet for a hotel in the middle of London.All the normal ammenities were in the room, including - hairdryer, minibar, large plasma TV (including all sky sports channels!), and dressing gowns.They also said that they had a fitness facility/gym at the hotel, although we never went looking for it.We didn't try any of the food, as we had dinner reservations in the west end, but the menu's looked extensive and good quality. The hotel has 5 restaurants : Olives Restaurant and Bar, Southwest 7, Bugis Street Brasserie, Humphrey's Bar, and The Bombay Brasserie.If you wanted something cheaper to eat, there are lots of bars/restaurants/coffee shops a few hundred yards away (along the main road where the tube station is located).The other great thing, especially being a &quot;tourist&quot; in London, is the ability to leave your bags with the concierge after you have checked out. This means you can enjoy your last day in London, and collect your bags in the evening when you are finally going back home.We thought our room and stay was excellent value for a hotel chain of this quality in this part of London. We would definately stay there again.	
Dec 11 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We travel to London a couple of times to year to see shows and have always found the Millennium Gloucester to be excellent. This time we came for the Tennis Tournament in the Royal Albery Hall so we only booked a standard room which was on the second floor, but what a size for standard, it was huge. The staff are always so friendly and go out of their way to assist. After checking out I found I had left my watch and the staff took minutes to locate it for me.The hotel's location is ideal for touring but away from the real hustle and bustle so that you can have a rest and Harrods is only a ten-15 minute walk away.We have just booked the Tennis for 2009 so we will be back, if not before, Thank you to all the staff and a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.	
Dec 7 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Have just returned from a two night stay in this hotel. We booked a standard room but were given a club room on the 8th floor. The room was huge with a big king size bed. The room was very clean as was the bathroom. The only fault was the water pressure in the shower was very poor but apart from that we couldnt complain about anything. The reception and bar areas were impressive and the buffet breakfast was good. The staff were all very friendly and helpful when we asked for advice on how to get to certain places. The hotel is right next to Gloucester Road subway so it is easy to access all the other areas of London within a few minutes. We are planning to go back to London next summer and i would definately book this hotel again.	
Nov 26 2008 	Pleasure to do business here!	After staying at the hotel last year for a business conference, I jumped at the chance to go again this year!The hotel makes a lone traveller feel very welcome and for that alone, I thank them. Their customer service is excellent, their bedrooms very comfortable and their food of a high standard. The room I stayed in had been refurbished, which looked really good with its snazzy light feature and soft furinishings. A small plea would be to put lone travellers nearer the lifts as you can feel a little vulnerable walking the long corridors at night. One day I may stay here when not on business as I can see it being a great base from which to explore London.	
Nov 19 2008 	Comfort in Kensington!	I have stayed at the Millennium Gloucester on 2 occasions both for business from the US and after a long flight I really enjoyed the amenities at the Millennium. The first time I arrived before their check-in time and they took care of my luggage and provided me with an exact time to return for check-in and some local attractions to see while I waited. The location is wonderful, I could walk to Hyde Park, the Natural History Museum, Harrods, and more. I know this sounds American but I liked the fact that there was a Starbucks across the street for my morning Joe (the hotel coffee was adequate but not great). I didt like that nest to the Starbucks was a KFC and Burger King however. the Breakfast buffet was extensive and I if you were looking for something else there were a number of cafes and pubs across and down the street. For me the location was ideal because it was set away from the hustle and bustle in a nice area that was safe to walk at night. The lobby was comfortable, the bar is a bit pricey but you are in a hotel in South Kensington so I suppose it is to be expected. They have been great both times I have stayed the Super Bowl was being played and they kept the bar open until the end (close to 4am GMT). The staff were always friendly and helpful when approached. The rooms were standard in size (for American hotels) which is not something I can say for other hotels I have stayed at in London. I have seen much smaller less maintained rooms priced comparably to the Millennium. Overall I have only had great experiences at this location and I am all booked to be there again for my next trip across the pond. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone	
Nov 17 2008 	Lovely hotel in a lovely area	Stayed at this hotel recently on a Friday and Saturday night. We were attending a wedding function in the hotel on the Saturday evening. I was very impressed with the hotel. The rates were reasonable. Staff were friendly and efficient. Our room was spacious. The bed was a good size. The business centre and fitness centres were both excellent. We didn't eat in their restaurants, but the food served at the wedding in their conference centre was excellent. We had drinks in the lobby bar. Service was good and the staff were friendly. The hotel is very central and close to the Gloucester Road Tube Station on the Circle and District Lines. I would recommend this hotel and will definately stay there again.	
Nov 13 2008 	Faded	Situated very close to Gloucester Road Tube; convenient but noisy. Front of house was okay but miles or corridors and my single room at the end of one was very cramped and faded. If I had paid for the room myself I would have been very unhappy. Breakfast in the morning okay.	
Nov 11 2008 	Loved the location 	Great hotel just 1/2 block away from the Tube station! The room is the typical chain hotel similar to a Hyatt. Clean &amp; very roomy. We stayed here 3 nights during our honeymoon. The front desk and business center staff were very helpful. The concierge isn't as knowledgeable, but nice nonetheless.There are many diverse restaurants located all around the hotel...Indian, Chinese/Malaysian, English pubs, French bakeries. And, there is an express convenience store across from the Tube station. This is a great hotel to stay at while you discover London. Just make sure to book you stay through www.londontown.com. They got us a fantastic rate...100 GBP, including VAT. They have a great breakfast buffet, if you can get it included in the hotel rate.The only negative about the room was that the bathtub is very deep, and hard to get in/out. The tub can be very slippery....I'm surprised more people don't fall.	
Oct 31 2008 	Good example of its type	Stayed here for a night last week on a business conference. I don’t normally like such 'large' hotels, but I have to say that the room was an excellent, large and ultra clean. Great bathroom. Good (large) flat screen T.V. - several channels. Good business facilities. Excellent spaces in the huge reception area and lots of space to relax. For such a busy hotel the staff never seemed rushed and were all very helpful and very pleasant. Very expensive mini bar (even by mini bar standards). There were around 150 people on the conference and I didn’t hear anyone say anything negative about the hotel (other than prices – see below).The area surrounding the hotel is excellent. The hotel directed us to a fantastic Italian restaurant - excellent food and really not too expensive for London. Lots of good pubs and bars and restaurants to suit all tastes and pockets. The area felt very safe. Underground station only a couple of minutes away. All in all a great location.Breakfast was very good. However when one of my colleagues asked for a poached egg (other than the fired or scrambled on offer) he was told this would be charged extra! Really!Three of us had a drink in the bar after returning from our meal. Three drinks (not exotic) was almost £20 - I only had a standard whiskey, single measure - it worked out they grossed £180 on that bottle which they must have bought for around a tenner. This is obviously how they afford the two people who seem to do nothing else but open the doors!I'm staying here again (business visit not booked by me) in a few weeks. I find myself quite looking forward to the experience which, given the type of hotel is quite an experience for me! I would have no hesitation about booking a stay here myself for a London visit with my wife, as long, of course, as I could get the same rate as for my conference! (and I stayed away from the bar and the breakfast extras).	
Oct 26 2008 	Above expectation	After staying in a few London hotels in the past we were delighted to stay in this hotel. The staff were friendly,efficient &amp; went out of their way to assist us make alternate arrangements when we could not travel due to tunnel fire .Would certainly use this group again Thanks trip advisor for allowing us to find this hotel	
Oct 2 2008 	Past its best!	We have used the Millennium Gloucester quite a few times over the years and have just returned this evening from a 4 night stay there. It is a reasonably good 4* hotel but there are better bets for the price. One bonus is its very central location just minutes from the Tube but it is vast and needs a bit of TLC. The staff are excellent and can't do enough to please but the accommodation is starting to look jaded. The entrance area is quite impressive and check in and check out efficient. The lifts are often slow and when you get to the rooms they are a little scruffy and need maintenance. We stayed in a Club room which gave access to the Club Room. This is OK with a basic breakfast, OK canapes and free drinks between 6pm and 7.30pm. Breakfasts in the main dining room were disappointing. There is plenty of choice but the hot buffet breakfast was cold each morning and the coffee poor. The room had seen better days. It was spacious with a comfortable bed and fluffy towels. However, the carpet was stained, the bathroom dated and the overall furnishings fair only. The window had a safety warning due to the height of the room, but the catch was hanging off meaning that a child could easily climb up to a fully opened window despite the fact that it said it would only open a little bit for security. Don't get me wrong, it was an OK stay but in preference for quality I would go for the Hilton London Canary Wharf and for convenience for the centre of London I will go back to the Victoria Park Plaza or try the Park Plaza Riverside next time.	
Sep 30 2008 	Beautiful hotel in a beautiful area only a minute's walk from tube	My husband and I chose this lovely hotel for a 2 night stay. He had stayed there before with work and so knew it would be nice. Full Breakfast was included in our standard double room rate. I think we got two twins &quot;zipped&quot; together but it made for a lovely big super king sized bed! On arriving, we got a very good first impression, the lobby and reception are beautiful and pristine and the staff well turned out and courteous. We arrived very early and so left our bags with the concierge and came back later having done some shopping. Our room was ready on time and our bags brought up for us. The only thing I would say about the room was it was a little dark, very little lighting especially around the mirrors - A girl has to do her hair!! It was very cold at night in the room too and we need to use the spare blanket in the middle of the night.Breakfast was very well run despite being very busy and there was a plentiful supply of food. The fresh coffee was lovely. I would have liked some cereal or muesli instead of just a cooked breakfast or fruit but if I had asked for it I am sure they could have obliged. I was happy though to just have toast and coffee. There was a lot of food on offer though and it would set you up for the day if a cooked brekkie is your thing.Overall, we had a lovely, relaxing stay in this hotel. The staff cannot do enough to help even after you check out, especially if your flight is late in the evening and you want to leave your bags for a while. I was also impressed with the way in which one female receptionist who, at 11:30am handled a typically brash American who obviously not having read that there was a check in time of 2pm couldn't understand why he could not have a room there and then! I would like to see how he would have reacted if that time the next morning he was asked to vacate his room so someone else could have it! Still, she handled him very well despite him being a rude boar! I will stay here again. A very good deal for a lovely hotel.	
Sep 21 2008 	Really NOT impressed	We booked through Lastminute.com as we do with most of our hotel trips. Having read some of the reviews for this hotel I had my doubts but I do like to give places the benefit of the doubt.On arrival - all seemed well - the lobby is amazing!!The reception was well manned - no queue with friendly staff. We checked in - had already specified that we wanted non smoking with a double bed but were asked again. That was fine - we were told we were staying in a nice room on the 2nd floor. Still all seemed well. Tired after our trip to London - we just wanted to relax!!We got to our room and realised it was a twin room, that was ok we just went back downstairs to the reception and explained we asked for a double. The recepionist said it was probably twin beds which could be 'zipped' together which was ok because someone would go and sort it out for us. I asked how long it would be because of our long journey - she didnt seem to know or care!She then phoned housekeeping to sort out the beds - I asked her where we needed to wait !?? I thought a complementory drink in the bar may have been appropriate - obviously not - she said we could just go and wait in the room.After about 10 minutes the housekeeping staff came and zipped the beds together - and remade the bed - it was awkward to say the least!Finally we had our double bed !!We found the room and bathroom very dated and old (unlike the photos of their rooms in their website and by other guests on tripadvisor). There was a burn in the net curtain - the air con didnt work (the knob to work it was missing), the bathroom tiles were from the 60s and fitted by an amateur. The taps looked like they were coming off the wall (photos to follow).The breakfast in the morning was average. The coffee cold. I can understand the reason for cold cooked breakfast and queues when its a buffet for so many people. But I have to say I didnt enjoy it at all.All in all - No I wouldnt go back.I was very very disappointed and for a 4 star hotel it seemed more like a 3 to me. The only jewel in this crown was the piano man playing in the lobby in the evening!! He was charming (with a lovely smile too!!) This brought an ambiance to the hotel which was very relaxing.	
Sep 21 2008 	A great stay in London	I had booked a night for my wife and I in the hotel during September 2008 - we live in London but I wanted a romantic night out in a nice hotel near to the West End.I booked the hotel via Lastminute.com secret hotel promotion and was thoroughly impressed from the start to the finish of our visit. We were warmly welcomed by the excellent staff and promptly upgraded to the Kensington Suite for the night, which was spacious and a real treat.I would certainly reccomend this hotel based on location, staff, price and breakfast - we had a lovely Sunday morning Full English which was thoroughly enjoyed.I would recommend this hotel to any visitor to London.	
Sep 20 2008 	Lovely Suprise!	Having booked this through a website, where by you only find out the hotel name after having paid - &quot;secret hotel&quot;, both my boyfriend and I were a little disappointed with the hotel images and the write up. However, on arrival, we were both suprised at just how lovely it was. It was only seconds from the underground, and as we walked into the reception (where a doorman greeted us!!!) we were both taken a back by how grand the hotel actually was. Although the receptionists were a little hard to understand, they were friendly and helpful. The room was not vast, but the bed was huge! The bathroom was lovely and we had a nice view of traditional London buildings. We both had a really nice stay and would recommend it.	
Sep 16 2008 	Hardly understated!	The website proclaims that the hotel offers an understated elegance with a relaxed environment and friendly, whilst discreet level of service. It's a pretty posh lobby and they have &quot;club&quot; floors. The receptionists were certainly relaxed, if a little difficult to understand and the bar was the same. Staff were friendly and discreet. The room was comfortable with nice chairs and a large TV. Fairly quiet with comfy bed but average shower.Good location convenient for the tube and loads of local restaurants.	
Sep 15 2008 	Excellent location	I stayed at the Millennium Copthorne Gloucester Place on Thursday and Friday night. This was as part of a prize I'd won through work to have a two night dinner, bed and breakfast stay in London. I'd chosen the Copthorne as I've stayed in a lot of their hotels so I know what I'm getting, in respect of both the room and the staff. The cost of a twin room on the 6th Floor (their Millennium Club floors) was £171 for Thursday and £141 for Friday, this was just for the room. Personally if I were paying for the room I wouldn't have paid £171 for the room, call me cheap but I think that's a lot, but hey this is London we're talking about and everything is expensive!On arrival (via taxi from Euston for £15.00) we pulled up outside the hotels doors and their doorman opened the taxi door, took our luggage and held the main doors open for us- all very lovely. I had to wait a few minutes to check in as all three staff were dealing with other people. I checked in with no problems, asking for a non smoking twin room (for me and my mom), hauled our cases up to the room to find we'd been given a double smoking room, we then hauled our cases back down to reception. The lady who originally checked us in wasn't on reception so another chap helped, very apologetic and dealt with me very quickly.Our room was on the 6th floor, rooms on the Millennium Club floors are serviced by their own lifts which miss out floors 1-4. Much nicer than having to call at every floor. Room 681 overlooked one of the side streets, facing the NH hoteles hotel. As it's just off Cromwell Road the road below was busy at all hours. The room doesn't have double glazing as such, just a thick single glazing window that opens (which is always nice and not always available in London hotels - I might add the room also had air con). Even with the window closed it was noisy, well it was for my Mom as she said the car noises, police etc kept her awake. I had no problems as I wear earplugs when sharing a room with my Mom (&quot;No dear I don't snore&quot;) :o). The beds were firm and bouncy and had sheets and fluffy blanket, non of this one duvet business where you end up boiling hot smothered under the duvet. The only let down was the bathroom, whilst ok in size the tiles needed regrouting as they were somewhat discloured and mouldy in places. That's really my only issue with my stay.Breakfast on Friday morning was a busy affair, at 8am the breakfast room was already heaving. Breakfast was prepaid for me and should have been £17.50 but we were charged £12.50. Now this is extortionate but Copthorne buffet breakfasts are fab, they keep me going all day. If £12.50 isn't to your liking there is a place directly opposite the hotel La Liason? which served breakfast for around £4. Likewise if dinner in the hotel isn't in your budget there is a Waitrose, Tescos, Burger King and KFC across the road, and a pub I think, but the fact you are right on Gloucester Place tube station means good food is only 15 minutes or so away. As dinner was included we dined their Olives restaurant. A perculiar set up as the resturants that show on their website aren't actually in their hotel. Olives is a walk around the corner in their Baileys Hotel. Olives had a set menu special, two courses for £16 or three for £19.50. We had the two courses but the food was nothing special to write home about so unless your food is included, like me, then you'd be wiser to go elswhere as it was all very mediocre.The location of the hotel is great, a 30 second walk from Gloucester Place tube, GPT is older station which has been remodelled which is lovely, it's bright and well lit we were happy to use this at all hours. A 10 minute stroll away is the Natural History Musueum and the V&amp;A, 15 minutes away is Harrods. All in all the hotel is in a very nice part of London.If you can get a reasonable rate at this hotel then book it, it's a great location with friendly staff.	
Aug 26 2008 	great hotel	The Millenium Gloucester hotel is an excellent hotel.The entrance lobby was very grand and had a slight oriental feel to it.It was a little different to other hotels i have stayed at in the past.The check in was very smooth and the staff were very polite and friendly and they offered for a small price an upgrade on the room.We decided not to and were glad we didn't.The room was the largest standard double i've stayed in when i've been in London.The bed was 6ft wide and very clean and comfortable.The bathroom had a bath/shower which was very nice, although the temperature was a little up and down.Never too hot or too cold though,just a little nit pick.The room had an iron and ironing board and the usual plasma tv and tea/coffe. The hotel was a minute walk to Gloucester Rd tube station which has the district/circle line, and the piccadilly line which leads to Covent Garden and Leicester Sq etc.So was very good for getting around.It was also just a 10 min walk to Earls Court so its ideal for any concerts and shows.The breakfast was very nice and there was plenty to choose from.Its also served in the conservatory which on a sunny day is lovely. All in all it was a lovely hotel and i'd stay there again without doubt!	
Aug 20 2008 	Excellent - Recommended	Booked as a Lastminute.com 'Secret Hotel'. We were delighted with The Millenium Gloucester. All the public areas were very attractive, smart and clean. There were plenty of lifts.The (superior) room was very nicely decorated and well furnished. The en-suite was excellent.The staff were pleasant and helpful. They took a lot of trouble over a couple of email requests I made before arriving and the requests were carried out perfectly.The location was superb, just a minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station.Breakfast was very good.I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would stay again anytime. It was very good value for money.	
Aug 12 2008 	Very disappointing!	Having booked a double room at this overpriced hotel, we were allocated a twin room on arrival and made to feel as though two men should not be sharing a bed (which we have done for eight years). The male member of the housekeeping staff who came to put the beds together was extremely discourteous and obviously disapproved. The small ledge outside our window (room 247) was covered in cigarette butts and other detritus thrown from the room by previous residents or the windows above, and the shower was little more than a fine mist. I actually resorted to using the bath so any attempt to save water was futile. The noise in our room was appalling. We were woken each morning a little after 5.30 and 7.00 am by deliveries to the Waitrose store across the road, and kept awake all night by what sounded like a dumb waiter or other lift mechanism (presumably to the more plush suites above), although we could not ascertain where the noise was coming from. I was extremely surprised that a supposed four star hotel in London did not have double glazing. It certainly needs it - especially at street level.Notwithstanding the attractive lobby and the generously sized room that we were allocated (for a London hotel), we found the decor in the room to be tired and generally shabby. The colour scheme was very monotonous (shades of brown - always quite a disconcerting colour). The back areas (stairs and corridors) were dirty and unkempt, as were the windows which needed a good clean. Plastic sheeting covered some parts of the corridor flooring and the adjacent doors too were covered in plastic sheeting. It was reminiscent of a sealed crime scene!That said the beds were comfortable and the mattresses very clean. Sheets were fresh and visibly (reassuringly) clean as were the towels each morning. We would not pay the extortionate fee for breakfast, but there are many fine patisseries in the area where you can eat well for a fraction of the price. We were VERY disappointed and unlike every other hotel we have ever stayed in, we most certainly would not want to stay at the Millenium Gloucester again.If travelling to London by car you need be aware that there is no on street parking nearby (meters were limited to a four hour maximum stay) and the hotel car park is vastly overpriced (£35 per 24 hours or any part thereof). We felt aggrieved at having to pay a full 24 hour fee for our last night and then being told (having paid until the evening) that we only had 15 minutes to leave the car park having paid our bill.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great Hotel!	We recently took a trip through Europe and this is the hotel we actually stayed at the longest for 3 nights. We really enjoyed staying here. Rooms had recently been renovated and repainted in some spots you could tell it was painting over some old stuff (mainly in the bathroom) but overall the room was nice. The lobby was really nice as well and modern as well. We got the continental breakfast everyday, definitely wasn't my favorite breakfast of our trip but it was okay. I was annoyed that I had to pay extra for a soda...I don't drink coffee so sometimes in the morning I need caffiene and get a coke they charged me 2 pounds for a mini coke. After the first morning I walked across the street and got a bottle of coke for under a pound and kept it in our room.The location was great there are some good restaurants/pubs in the area. Also the tube is right across the street which is what we used frequently to get in and out of the heart of London and also to the train station as we went to Windsor for a day.	
Jul 28 2008 	Absolutely Fab Hotel	We booked this hotel as 'somewhere to sleep' for an overnight girly break. Managed to get a Half Board rate through lastminute.com and to be honest wasn't expecting great things.This hotel was fabulous, the staff were amazing, could not do enough for you, from putting up with are painful room requests to the late night concierge struggling to open my bottle of wine at 3am in the morning.We had dinner in the Bugis Street Brasserie, which was really tasty and breakfast the following morning was the best hotel breakfast I've ever had. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, although I would say I don't remember seeing any children whatsoever within the hotel.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great Hotel	Ignore the carpers! This is a good hotel: big rooms, pleasant (more than could be said for some of the guests they were patiently dealing with) and efficient staff, better than average breakfast and a piano playing in reception. Next to the tube and with a wide range of restaurants close by. What more do you want?	
Jul 9 2008 	have no fear...book this hotel !!	stayed a 3 night weekendlocation brilliant right outside gloucester rd. tube piccadilly line,we came in from Heathrow direct to hotel no changingalso straight into piccadilly on this tube routecheck in great,friendly,room not ready so went out and bags were taken to room when ready.on B &amp; B rate full english beuatiful restaurant very clean all other choices of breakfast available as well.rooms adequate and clean nothing wrong with them except our mini bar not working asked for repair but not done.bar excellent but no draught beer all restaurants mentioned in brochure are shared with Baileys millenium right next door but did not try any.overall a 4 star hotel what more do you want	
Jul 8 2008	Very nice hotel with great location	They are located in 2 minutes walk from Gloucester tube stationwith Tesco Express, Starbucks, Burger King, KFC.Yes, I have 2 kids. Very convenient, if you are American considering 2:1 currency between UK Sterling and USD.Hotel is very clean and we enjoyed spacious room.Staff were nice too.The inconvenience we had was the elevator.They have 2 elevator solely for Millennium members thereforeit does not work for other guests. It works fine until couple of elevator starts to malfunction.Breakfast buffet at the restaurant, they didn;t seem to know the difference betweenJapanese and Chinese food. When asked about Japanese food, I was directed to Chinese food which was Congee and pork bunand some other stuff.	
Jul 1 2008 	better than expected	with all the mixed reviews... i was expecting a so-so experience but the hotel was great. not excellent just above average first the concierge was helpful with the luggage, reception was pleasant, and the . my parents stayed in the first floor and got a bigger room with 1 couch and bigger desk area.i stayed in the fourth floor with the room slightly smaller and being located well in the back.. it was quite dark without the lights.both rooms were renovated and they contain tea/ coffee amenities; toiletries were replenished everyday and the rooms were clean. the hallways do have a slight smell but that posed no problem for me. the only problem i experience was their useless iron that doesnt heat up. they responded immediately after i called and had it exchanged.breakfast is expensive at 15 pounds. this is just standard fare breakfast so i suggest eating somewhere else.i suppose they are required to promote their own restaurants but the bugis chinese brassiere was NOT good at all.location's excellent. just a 1 minute walk away from the tube. i like the fairly residential area of gloucester with tesco and waitrose nearby. south kensington is also a 5-15 min walk away and have lots of good restaurants	
Jun 26 2008 	4 star lobby 1 star everything else	It's seems that staying here is something like a lottery considering the variety of ratings so far and unfortuantely I can only award the minimum in relation to my stay.It started out well. The lobby was well presented and the check-in was painless with pleasent staff (where we were reminded that we were getting a continental breakfast). I enquired about good places to eat for lunch and instead of getting some insiders knowledge I got the 'official list' of affiliated establishments (advertised around the hotel). I guess that must be hotel policy!?!? Unfortunately that was as good as it got.The corridor leading to our hotel room smelled stale. It's wallpaper was peeling off in places and the harsh downlighting over our door highlighted various dents and scratches. The room itself was tiny (TINY I tell you), dark and depressing with the same faintly stale smell. There was hardly any natural light and the fixtures did not shed much more of it.The following morning we went down to breakfast where we were reminded once again that we were having the continental breakfast. Call me stingy if you like, but when staying at a so-called 4 star hotel it seems strange to have to pay a supplement for a hot breakfast (the price of which was astronomical on the menu). Both morning we had to repeatedly remind the staff to bring us tes/coffee and on both ocasions it arrived after we finished.We were not asked whether we enjoyed our stay when checking out and I'm glad because I didn't want to ruin our break by getting hot under the collar.To sum it up, this hotel is trying to be something it's not and not trying very hard.	
Jun 18 2008 	Loved the Millennium Gloucester!!	I just returned from my stay at the Millennium Gloucester and I had such a wonderful time at the hotel. I was worried after reading many reviews. Upon my arrival, I was given a choice of a smaller room on the 1st floor, but for 25 pounds I was told that I could upgrade to a Club Room on the 5th floor. I took a look at both and worked out a deal with the person who was checking me in, for only 20 more pounds to stay in the Club Room on the 5th floor. It included free internet, mini bar and a full breakfast in the morning. It also had an express elevator which bypassed the first 4 floors. It was well worth the extra money. The room was beautiful and really large, with a desk area for my laptop. I couldn't believe how large it was considering how European rooms tend to be smaller than what I'm used to in the States. It was definitely a four star experience for me. The staff from the front desk, to the concierge and the wait staff in the breakfast area, were so nice, polite, helpful and a real pleasure. There was a hair dryer over by a large mirrored wall unit, and also one in the bathroom. I had a hugh wide screen TV with many channels, English, American and then some in German &amp; Italian I think. There also was a keyboard hooked up to the TV so you could have used the TV for the internet access. I loved the towel warmer in the beautiful marble bathroom. There was a nice terry robe hung on the bathroom door, In the closet there was a pants press, an ironing board and iron, as well as a safe. Everything was very fresh looking and the carpet in the room looked very new, although there was a small cigarette burn. I was told that it was a non smoking hotel room, and there would be a large fine, if caught smoking. There were many many lights throughout the room and so I could have many levels of lighting. I also tried out the room service and was very happy with everything excepting the potato soup.Overall, I was extremely impressed with this hotel. It's convenience to the Gloucester Tube station. The grocery store Waitrose right past the tube station. The 7-11 type store which I think was called Tescos was also right down the street. South Kensington is centrally located and a very nice area. There were some nice restaurants within a couple of blocks of walking. It was near Hyde Park, the Natural History Museum, Albert Hall, Harrods, Victoria &amp; Albert Museum to name a few. I look forward to my return to London and the Millennium Gloucester.	
Jun 15 2008 	Keep looking!	I am currently travelling on business, and dont want to stay in a [--] hole, nor a 5star. 4star is fine. but i wont stay here again. if you need the internet....be sure to be ready to work in the business station. i HATE them, preferring to do my work in my room but the internet played up the whole time.the rooms are of decent size, but outdated, with a couple modern touches....but its disappointing. it is across the road from the underground, and in a cute strip of shops and near Fulham, Chelsea and Hyde Park and Oxford st (about 20-30mins walk), but i got very depressed here at the hotel. it was just boring and a bit away from it all....and im not even a party animal!i was there for 2 weeks.....i just couldnt be bothered packing up and going. there is a very good osteo/chiro down the road. i have since left london, went to dublin (dont stay at D4) and am back in london at a very cute and cool hotel at covent garden....the radisson edwardian mountbatten. see if you can stay here.....much better. its in a quiet spot but so close to it all and right amongst the west end, streets away from Soho and China town....bloody marvellous. No depression here!	
Jun 14 2008 	Disappointed	We booked this hotel on a last minute site. On arrival we were very impressed by the lobby and thought ourselves lucky when we were informed we were upgraded on our room. As we stepped out of the lift on the 7th floor we were met with the smell of damp and cigarette smoke. Our room was a good size twin room which I'm afraid to say was the only good thing about it. The room had a musty damp smell, interior was very outdated. The net curtains were stained and grubby looking and the curtains themselves were also stained and ripped. In the corner of the room sat a grubby and threadbare armchair and footstool. The so called duvets on the beds consisted of an old wool blanket concealed inside a duvet cover. Breakfast ws very good and there was a good selection on offer. The hotel was in great locality and close to tube and shops.Overall very disappointed with the room and would not stay in this hotel again. Looks great on the outside but very poor inside.	
May 27 2008 	very good location	met by friendly spanish lad at reception.room fine.reception area nice.breakfast ok if can beat queue.hotel scores on location,beside underground and street with pub and restaurants.recomended definitely if get good deal.	
May 27 2008 	4*hotel- as noisy as a Youth hostel	Was sorely dissapointed with the overall service provided by a supposed 4* hotel.The air-conditioning in our room was faulty, meaning we were presented with a fan rather than having it fixed- the room itself, aside from being stifling was situated directly above the street resulting in horrendous noise levels; and as for the inter-connecting doors present in many of the rooms, not everyone wants a summary of their neighbours day at 2am.I would not recommmend this hotel to anyone looking for a peaceful nights sleep!	
May 17 2008 	Loved this 24 hour hotel	I stayed here, having booked it as a Top Secret Hotel on Last minute. I was pleasantly surprised which hotel it was when it was revealed, and I was not disappointed at all with my stay. The night before I'd been staying in another hotel, across the road from the Casino attached to this one, but I have to say this hotel far exceeded any expectations, and ranks higher in my opinion than the one across the road of higher stars.I arrived early, leaving one hotel, crossing the road to the other, and expected to be able to leave my bags - but was extremely and pleasantly surprised to be told there was a room available on the 2nd floor if I wanted to check-in there and then.I did, and the room was fabulous. Although it was at ground level, being at the back, it did look out into a restaurant/conference suite, but it was an extremely quiet room,and there was no intrusion from across the way.I had a large room, with vestibule, wardrobe, nice bathroom adequate large towels, a huge flat screen t.v. in good working order, and a very comfortable bed. I had been assigned a twin room, so I could chose which bed to sleep in - and I slept like a log.Extremely friend staff at check-in, welcomed you with a smile which is always a good start,a whole team of knowlegeable concierges, beautiful in the foyer on an evening with someone playing a grand piano, gave it that extra ambience.The hotel has an excellent location, right by the Gloucester Road tube, and very easy to get about anywhere within the Greater London District.This is very much a modern 24 hour non-stop hotel. I had a very pleasant one-night stay - and would definitely consider returning there in the future. Overall I was impressed.	
May 2 2008 	Awesome! Great big bathtub!	Booked a room in a Millennium Bailey's. Unfortunately (or maybe fortunately?) they'd just run out of non-smoking rooms. Helpful service-desk swiftly found us a non-smoking room in close-by Millennium Gloucester. Apparently some floors are recently renovated and we got a great room in fourth floor. (If I remember correctly, it was second and third floors that weren't yet renovated. You might want to ask for a renovated room in check-in!). Only downside is that the room actually smelled a bit of paint, it was so new!The room itself was really big, with a separate sofa-corner. Best part was a huge bathtub! Beds were very comfortable, pillows awkwardly thick though. Room was silent.I really loved this place! It was an awesome base to visit the Natural History Museum and the Science Museum! Also all around was a buzzing 'greatest cars' show with Maserati's, Ferrari's and lovely Lotus'es rolling around.	
Apr 17 2008 	Great location..	Great location near museums and a short block from the tube station. Breakfast was ok. But, was included in our rate so it was fine. Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 15 2008	great location	rooms not very big, but nice and clean. continental breakfast ok and a very good location! 1 min. walking to metro station gloucester road.	
Apr 12 2008 	Shop around for a good deal	We used this hotel to make a weekend of our wedding anniversary after a theatre trip. We booked and got a great deal with an online company. The room was huge by London Standards and was clean with good facilties. When I arrived they tried to tell me there were no double rooms avaliable, I am sure this was because I has booked the lowest possible rate for the hotel and twin rooms are the hardest to fill but in a hotel with over 600 rooms it didn't wash so stood firm and got a double room. The hotel looby is impressive. The contiental breakfast was ok and inculded, all not the usual choices offered in a 4 star hotel.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Value OK location	The location is less than ideal if you are interested in nightlife. Although there are some local pubs and places to get food. I picked this place because it had the best price. Overall a good hotel.	
Apr 5 2008 	Style over comfort and safety	I obtained an internet bargain on this hotel.But if I had paid full price I think i would have been disappointed.It is in a great location.And it is certainly very glitzy.But the furniture in the rooms lets the place down badly.The bed bases stick out further than the mattresses, so I was constantly stubbing toes and cracking ankles on the bed base.The desk return is incredibly flimsy, so that I nearly toppled over leaning on the desk.I think an occupational health and safety officer would have a field day.I would hate to be an elderly or disabled client ....it is a law suit waiting to happen.Also found that the wall panel in my room was not secured....I had full access to a dark cupboard full of electricals.All in all looks glitzy but not up to scratch for the price.Try somewhere else.	
Apr 4 2008 	Very Happy	We stayed here over a weekend at the end of March 2008The hotel check in was efficient and done by friendly staff. We arrived to early to get in our room, but the hotel stored our suitcase until later on when the room was ready.We had booked a twin room, which was on the second floor. The room was clean, modern and had a comfortable bed, writing table, enough closet space. There was a mini safe, ironing board and Iron, Mini bar and a large screen LCD tv. The bathroom was fine if slightly dated looking. There was a bath with shower over, which worked well, we had plenty of hot water. The towels were large and nice and soft too. Toiletries were provided and replenished daily.The hotel had a small fitness suite, which was well equipped and free for guests to use. You had to get a key card from the business centre to get in to it. They are both on the first floor.Breakfast was good, with a ample selection. We took continental breakfast, although for an extra charge, cooked breakfast was available.Staff at the hotel seemed to be friendly and efficient.The Millenium is very handy for the Gloucester Road Tube, which is only a minutes walk away. Our room cost £90 per night inclusive of breakfast - I didn't think this was too bad for a 4star hotel in London.We would definitely stay again.	
Mar 28 2008 	Fantastic hotel but you'll wait to eat	My wife and I stayed at the Millenium Gloucester for just one night over the Easter holidays as we had tickets for a show at the Royal Albert Hall which finished late and thought we would make a small weekend out of it. Getting to the hotel is no problem at all as it is located on the road behind Gloucester Road tube station (2 minute walk) which itself is one the Circle, District and Picadilly lines so convenient for getting in and around London. Its also perfect walking distance to the Royal Albert Hall, History, Science and V&amp;A museums. There are also plenty of cafe's, supermarkets, shops and a pub all within a short walk.  Checking in was very quick and easy and in fact we had been upgraded free of charge to one of their Millenium Club Rooms on the 6th floor. The room itself was of an adequate size, I wouldn't say it was huge but it was big enough but then if this was an upgrade I wouldn't like to have seen how big tha standard room was. It was equipped with a free safe, iron and ironing board and the bed was massive and very comfortable. Our view overlooked the interior so was also very quiet not just from the outside noise but also from other rooms. The TV was also an impressive large flat screen one with pretty much every channel you could hope for whether it be English, French, German or Italian. The bathroom though was very small and felt it had the necessary things all crammed in to fit the space. The shower though powerful was not high enough and couldn't be raised so I kept having to duck down. A continental breakfast was included in the price paid and this is perhaps where the hotel falls down slightly. We went down at 8:20am which seemed reasonably early enough but queued for 20 minutes before being sat down. But this is the weird thing, you can upgrade a continental breakfast to a full English and change the booking at the door but after that no one has any clue what you are having. Both are buffets and in more or less the same area so there really is nothing stopping you from paying for a continental and having a full English once you are seated. We finished by 9:30 by which time the queue to get in was even larger. Admittedly this was Easter Sunday though and we were told at check in that it would get busy so come early so whether this is normal I couldn't say. We booked this through Lastminute.com as one of their mystery 4* hotel deals where you book it knowing roughly what area it is in but do not know the name of it until after its paid for. For that it would have cost us just £80 for the night but breakfast was aded to it so went up to £94. But even for that price this was exceptional value. For that deal I would thoroughly recommend it.	
Mar 24 2008	Good Location good hotel in London	We recently stayed at the Millennium Gloucester Hotel in London for a week on business/holiday. I would recommend this hotel because of the excellent location: (one block from the tube station, Waitrose, Boots and Tesco within one block, numerous restaurants and cafes), the competent staff, and the quiet room (ours faced the interior courtyard). Based on other Trip Advisor postings, we requested a Club room and were very pleased with the decision. Our room was recently refurbished, and large for London standards. The Club lounge was very comfortable, the staff very efficient and the breakfast buffet was complete with pastries, fruit, cereal, meats and cheeses; and in the evenings, there was wine and cheese and other appetizers from 6-7:30 pm.	
Mar 19 2008	Fabulous Service and room!	I was originally booked in the Millenium Bailey's Hotel but they didn't have a non-smoking room available when I arrived so they quickly took my luggage next door with great apologies and ushered me to a fifth floor room that was huge and beautiful with heated towel rack in the marble bathroom and a large bed and the most amazing linens! It was perfect and the staff were wonderful! I will stay here again no matter the price!	
Mar 4 2008 	Great central hotel	I have nothing but positive things to say about this hotel. I visited with over a weekend for a friends wedding reception in the hotels conservatory. The biggest plus about this hotel is its location, being just steps away from the tube station, so it’s not too far to carry all the bags. I had an efficient check in and we were able to go straight up to our room even though we checked in a little early. The room was spacious, clean and the bathroom was very modern. If I had one slight quibble it would be that the shower wasn’t all that powerful but it wasn’t really an issue. The variety of food for breakfast was good and I didn’t see anyone waiting for more that a few moments before they were seated. After a leisurely checkout, which was dealt with efficiently and pleasantly, we wandered up to Hyde Park and walked for a couple of hours which was a great way to end a very pleasant weekend. I will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 28 2008 	Valentine's Weekend	I booked this through work, granted I work in travel so received a hefty discount - but I would have been more than willing to pay the rack rate for this little gem of a hotel.I think people are too fussy, if you want 5-star facilities and service, then book a 5-star hotel. This does not promise to be anything it isn't, and it is definitely a 4-star hotel.Beautiful lobby, with the option of leaving your luggage for as long as you want after check out. Very efficient concierge and professional staff. Check-in can get very busy but that happens at every hotel, so cannot complain about that.My partner and I were allocated a very large and airy, newly renovated superior room. It was decorated in a classy fashion, very unoffensive decor and with beautiful linen and perfect lighting. The room was spotless and the bathroom sparklingly clean.The shower was lovely, and could be changed to &quot;Rainfall&quot; which was a nice touch and a change from the standard &quot;power shower&quot;.We did not sample breakfast so I cannot comment on the food, however we did have a drink in the bar and we were served politely.The hotel is located in a very handy part of Kensington, near to most amenities and could not get any closer to Gloucester Road tube station if it tried. I cannot fault this hotel in any way. The bed was incredibly comfy, the towels and linens soft, and the service top-notch.Will definitely stay again.	
Feb 21 2008 	Not happy	The room we were allocated was far below the standard for a 4* rating. Behind the interior door was a panel which opened easily to what we can only describe as a building site and a health and safety hazard (thank goodness our children were not there!). The bed was one that could be winched up for easy cleaning and had a horrendous metal bar at the end which overlapped the mattress, goodness knows how many times I caught my foot on the metal part (the bruises are unsightly). The staff were polite but a little rushed at breakfast but on the whole okay. Aware that we booked through a website that offers big discounts, for what we paid still should have been a whole lot more!	
Feb 16 2008	Reasonable overall	We stayed in the Gloucester for 4 nights. The packaged was a theatre break package (orginally for two nights but we increased to four, booking the additional nights was very expensive with the hotel directly and we saved over £100 going back through the theatre booking company).The location is excellent about 200m from Gloucester Rd tube station (Come out of the station turn right and sharp right again the covered entrance to the hotel is just after the sister Baileys Hotel)FIrst problem was on checking in, we had requested an upgrade to a superior room (based on comments on this site about standard room), the checkin desk claimed to have no record of this and when i referred to email correspondence I had with a person called Gaby in the hotels reservations I was told there was no such person! I was furious - but they agreed to get me access to pc to download the evidence - eventually got but room.On the 1st floor and unfortunately right beside a staff store room - twice we had to complain about noise including once at 1am.That said the hotel is generally very nice and staff are reasonable (range from friendly to obilivious your there).I would recommend the hotel for london but not 4* overall	
Feb 16 2008 	Posh entrance run down rooms....	Stayed here one night, booked through top secret booking at last minute.com where hotel was advertised as being five star. Would rate it no more than three. Lobby and dining room are very nice and look promising, rooms are a lot less however. Very dated bathroom which was a bit dirty and very poorly finished (lose doorhandles, gold on outside, silver on the inside (after being replaced 10 times probably...) Room itself was also cheaply finished and a bit grubby. There are a lot better hotels in London for this money...	
Feb 15 2008 	Good choice	Only stayed one night on a theatre package, and were very impressed. Perhaps we were fortunate - our room was quite spacious and quiet (but window faces a wall! But we didn't stay for the views). Our friends were a couple of rooms away in a smaller room, which had a noise problem from the air con.As we didn't get back from the theatre until after midnight, they felt it too late to complain.The staff were very helpful, and didn't hover for tips.Location ideal - will stay again if a deal available on our next London visit.	
Feb 4 2008 	Loved the Millenium	We stayed for 6 days at the Millennium Gloucester and loved it. It is in a great location in Kensington. For those of you that aren't aware, Kensington is one of the nicest areas in London. Hotel is just around the corner from the Gloucester stop on the underground. We took the Undergroung from LHR with all our luggage and found it an easy 100 foot walk from the exit. There is a cafe across the street that was convenient for breakfast on the days we did not eat at the hotel breakfast which was included in our price. There is also a convenience store (much like a 7-11) right across the street. This was great for snacks etc...By european standards I would rate this hotel as a 4 star. It isn't the Ritz Carlton but offers luxury without having to spend an exorbanate amount of moneyThe hotel itself offered friendly service at the desk and concierge. Our room was much larger than most European hotels I have stayed in and had one of the most comfortable beds I'd slept in.We also had a refrigerator in our room which was a nice perk. Food and drinks purchased at the hotel were fairly expensive which is to be expected. There are many restaurants and pubs near the hotel and throughout London where you can still find good values.	
Feb 1 2008	get an upgrade	Good location, store across the street. Beautiful lobby, but don't get too excited. Try to get a room on one of the bottom floors!	
Jan 10 2008 	Excellent classy hotel	After reading some of the reviews I feel that the negatives certainly did not apply to us. We had a lovely, comfortable, clean room on the first floor. The breakfast was one to remember, not like your usual hotel chain breakfasts. Also there was Japanese breakfasts available. Service was impeccible, reception, concierge and staff in downstairs bar were brilliant and friendly. Location was fantastic. Room service was also good.	
Jan 2 2008 	"Great Location"	The Millennium is a charming hotel from the lobby and the entrance. The room we stayed in was not so great. The lighting was very dark and as we were at the back/centre not much natural light came in. Very poor reception on all of the televisions. The air conditioning did not work and we complained 3 times and it was not fixed nor were we offered another room, the fan in the bathroom also was reported faulty at the same time and never fixed which I feel is very poor standard.The hotel has a very good location and the underground (tube) station is very close to the hotel, which makes it very convenient. This is definately not a 4 star hotel and I would not recommend it to anyone who expects 4 star accommodation.	
Dec 16 2007 	Great Location - Good stay	I stayed at the Millenium Gloucester with my son for two nights 9-11 Dec, 2007.The hotel is very conveniently located one minute from Gloucester road tube station. It is on the Picadilly line, where you can catch the tube directly to/from Heathrow or to/from St. Pancras for Eurostar travellers. You can also take the Picaddilly Line (East bound) directly to Leicester Square, where you can get discounted theatre tickets for that evening's shows. Great value. All of central London is within easy reach.The room was very clean and so was the bathroom. We could ask for nothing more for the price we paid (Stg. 97 per night with breakfast). We reserved through a website, and this was a secret hotel, but were very pleasantly surprised. If, like me, you would rather not stay in a 2 or 3 star hotel in Europe (they tend to be lousy), but don't want to pay the earth, the Gloucester is a real find. Try their website, they have great deals there.Infact, I am re-booking with them for another trip at the end of December. I wouldn't call the hotel exceptional, but if you want exceptional, be prepared to pay through the nose. It is pleasant, clean, convenient, has helpful staff and serves an excellent breakfast, all for a reasonable rate.There are many lovely coffee shops around the corner (Paul's is one, and serves wonderful croissants and hot chocolate), and there is also an internet cafe where you can get internet access for stg.1.5 for half an hour. GReat for checking emails! There is a big Boots and Tesco right next to the tube station.All in all, an excellent stay, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Dec 11 2007 	Not bad	Stayed here on a Saturday and Sunday night in November while on a weekend trip to London. The room was adequate but had once been a smoking room and still smelled pretty bad. This hotel was nothing great but the location being only a minute walk to the Tube station was pretty good. All the attractions are just a few tube stops away. You can even get on one of the London Hop-on Hop-off bus tours right around the corner from the hotel. If you are looking for a remotely inexpensive room (compared with the rest of London) this fit the bill. It was definitely nothing to write home about but it served its purpose.	
Dec 10 2007 	Poor Shabby Rooms - Never a 4 star hotel	We had made a group booking for 7 rooms --every single room was in poor state -- shabby frayed carpets, dirty grout -- even 1 room had no Grout in between the tiles. Very poor reception on all of the televisions, safe not working , human hair in bathrooms all over the floor. plaster work stained and missing --the list could go on --def not a 4 star hotel.On the plus side --nice lobby and great location near the tube.	
Nov 25 2007 	Another stay in London	Another stay at our favourite stopping off place in London.As yet have not found anywhere as convenient and as &quot;warm&quot; to stay in London. True its getting a bit faded - and our room could have done with some running repairs and a good deal of restoration - but somehow it's no worse than anywhere else and a good deal better than anywhere else we have managed to find in London for a reasonable price. The public rooms are welcoming - you take pot luck with the staff but mostly they speak enough English to get by and are friendly - food is more than adequate. If you up-grade you might get a better room - but not always. The close proximity to the underground station at Gloucester Road is a plus point as is the hotel next door - the Baileys. Normally good food here too - has been 10 out of 10 stuff in the past - it was no more that average this time round. All depends on the Chef of course.	
Nov 13 2007	Great Central London Location	Millenium Gloucester is in a great location right by the Gloucester Road Tube Station with access to almost all the tube lines you will want to use to see the sites. Room was nice but it was because of the request for a refurbished room so we got a nice Millennium Club room. I think asking for a recently upgraded room at check-in is key. Hotel Services were good and there are a lot of good restaurants in the area like Black &amp; Blue, ASK, Garfunkels and Nandos. It is also close to supermarkets like Tesco and Waitrose. Stanhope Arms Pub was a nice and busy local establishment. All in all, it was a good value for a hotel in a good location.	
Nov 10 2007 	Great Location	The hotel has a very good location- Just one block away from Gloucester Rd undergroud (tube) station, which makes it very convenient. The neighborhood is quite nice with good restaurants in the area and more quiet than other areas of London. The rooms are decent in size- consider that rooms in London are smaller than in most of the US. The decoration was not modern but everything was clean and worked. It has a nice lobby bar with live music. The hotel restaurant serves a very good breakfast. Id say the best feature of the hotel is the location, and in London that is very important.	
Oct 15 2007 	Alright if you pay a bargain price	I stayed at the Millenium Gloucester for a weekend away a few months ago. I live in Kent and work in West London, but only ever seem to pass through, so it was a nice change to stay over at the weekend and behave like a tourist.After much internet searching we found this hotel at a really good weekend rate, less than 200 pounds for the whole weekend (through to Monday morning) breakfast included. On arrival at reception we were really impressed, its very ornate. There was a bit of a mix up with our booking- we were given a room, then quoted a rate more than double what we'd actually booked. When our booking was found, the first room key was taken away and replaced by another ! Can only assume the first room we were given was a renovated room, because the room we ended up with was at the back of the hotel, very dated and very small. But to be honest for the price we paid, we didnt worry too much. Breakfast at this hotel was one of the best I've had. The location is perfect- a stones throw away from the tube, with some shops nearby too.If I can find a similar rate again I would certainly stay in this hotel again- just be careful you dont get a second rate room if you're paying top dollar	
Oct 13 2007 	A Pleasant Surprise	My husband and I returned last week from a wonderful stay at the Millennium Gloucester. After reading the negative reviews I was a bit concerned about staying at the Millennium, but I was pleasantly surprised. After reading the reviews, I requested a refurbished room on an upper floor on the quiet side of the hotel. The first room we were given did not meet our requirements, but we went for lunch and when we returned to the hotel our room was ready . It was a refurbished room on the fourth floor of the hotel, Room 471. The room was lovely. It had a king size bed, and the room was comparable to a room at the Marriott. The bathroom had also been redone. Lots of marble, and there was a towel warmer, which was a nice touch. There were three phones in the room, and the lighting was great. The room also came with a hairdryer, an iron, and a pants presser. Our room rate also included a full English breakfast each morning in a very nice restaurant in the hotel. I also found the staff to be extremely accommodating. They were courteous and professional, and the service at the hotel exceeded my expectations. The location of the Millennium could not have been better. It was right across the street from the Underground on the Piccadilly Line. There was also a supermarket, a drugstore, a pub, and numerous restaurants across the street from the hotel. I would definitely return to the Millennium Gloucester on my next visit to London!	
Oct 2 2007 	slipping badly	I have stayed at the Millennium on a number of occassions, the last time I had issues with the cleanliness of the room, but ignored it. On this occassion I arrived early and the room was not ready which is fair enough, so we were allocated a room number at the desk and informed it would be ready in 2 hours. We went and had lunch and looked around. Upon our return to the hotel, we had been re-allocated another room, the reason given was that the new room was much larger. So we proceeded to take our cases up to the room on the 3rd floor. Upon opening the door the smell of sick in the room was obvious, as were the stains on the carpet. The room was dull and had that lived in look. I opened the wardrobe door only to find the inside was filthy with dust and the door was broken. We started to clean the wardrobe when my partner then asked me to look in the bedside drawers, again very dusty. I decided to check the drinks fridge, it was completely empty. Clearly the fridge was not working. As this is rated as a deluxe 4* I requested a member of staff to come to the room, and I asked him to inspect the issues with the room, the filth of the cupboards, paint on the chair, wallpaper torn, fittings missing from the wall, and the sheets had clearly not been changed. He had to agree it was pretty disgusting. He apologised, and we were immediately offered another room.We were offered a room on the first floor, what a difference, very modern, with new furnishings. But sadly even in this pleasant room several cobwebs were hanging from the ceiling and the valance around the base of the bed was filthy.... why I ask ?? nice room just not cleaned properly.This is a great hotel in a great area, The staff and food are terrific, I have never been to a more friendly casino (this adjoins the hotel) and again the food was terrific, what a pity the rooms are not clean. again in the dinning area, good food, pleasant staff, and black tape sticking the carpet together... what a shame. The staff are about the best I have come across but there are serious issues with the conditions of the rooms.	
Sep 22 2007 	Not great	The Millennium is a beautiful hotel from the lobby and the entrance. The rooms are not so great, we booked a room for 3 and when we got there, there was 2 single beds, so we had to go to reception and tell them. To rectify this they put a collapsable bed which was so uncomfortable and itchy that I would have been safer sleeping on the chair.The bar prices? Jeepers they'll be a surprise, £16 for a pint, 2 vodka and one Coke!!It's in a decent place in relation to the tubes, but aren't all London hotels?I don't have much else to say about the hotel except its more of a business mans hotel that somewhere a regular tourist goes for a few days. We felt out of place.	
Sep 17 2007	Getting The Little Things Wrong	I statyed here for business as my usual hotel was full. The hotel was clean and the lobby area lovely. Waited around 15 minutes to check in as very little staff working on reception and the staff that were working looked very stressed, one Receptionist spoke quite rudely to a customer for no reason at all, not the best first impression. My room was fine, large and clean, bit dated but what I expected really. Bathroom was OK, could have done with a re-fit, a bit dated too. Tried the room service food which was lovely, they have several different resturants on site but I didn't dine in any of them as I was a lone traveller so just opted for room service, which didn't disappoint and arrived very quickly. Room was cleaned to a high standard every day. Only problem was I like to have my breakfast in my room and the cleaners kept forgetting to leave the breakfast order hangers, so I'd have to ring down for them and Reception never answer the phone! Very annoying. When I did order my breakfast it didn't arrive on time and I'd often end up phoning room service and seeing where it was, and making me late for work! This hotel is fine, no big problems but if they could work on their customer service this hotel could be fantastic. I normally stay at the Radisson Edwardian Vanderbilt around the corner and will continue to do so where ever possible, their customer service is the best I've ever experienced and the hotel is generally alot nicer. So check there first!!	
Aug 28 2007 	A nice surprise	After reading several negative reviews, I was greatly pleased by our stay at the Millennium. We recently booked for 5 nights and had a wonderful time. Right from the moment we entered the hotel, we found the staff courteous and helpful. Although we didn't request it, we were upgraded to a lovely large room with a small but clean and well-appointed washroom. The breakfasts were wonderful and the lounge was delightful. And, of course, the location couldn't have been better. But again, I think it was the very pleasant staff who made our stay so enjoyable.	
Aug 16 2007	Good location and nice stay	The hotel was booked as part of a package and we were quite satisfied. It was clean, attractive, brightly lit and always bustling. The room was large, even judging by American standards and was comfortable. If I had to find anything wrong with it, there was one threadbard spot on the carpet near the bathroom entrance and one bathroom tile had a small gouge in it. As I don't spend a lot of time in my room when visiting Europe, these small 'problems' were no problem at all. The room was cleaned every day with fresh towels, soaps and shampoos. The breakfast buffet was quite good and the staff very helpful. The hotel's tube stop on the Piccadily line made it very easy to get around this very large city. I would not only recommend it, but I would stay there again as well.	
Jul 20 2007 	Wouldn't rush back	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. It is very well located, just a stones throw from Gloucester Road tube station. The lobby was big and airy with a very nice bar area off it. However, the rooms were dark and quite outdated. Although everything was clean, there were a few small points to note such as broken light cover in the wardrobe. We had to have the lights on in the room at all times, as the window was so small and the decor was mainly brown. The couple we travelled with had an issue with their air conditioning. This could not be fixed and the maintenance staff left a fan in their room. This was not ideal for a comfortable stay in London in May, so they requested a change of room which the hotel facilitated very promptly. They were moved to a different floor which had obviously been modernised. There was a lovely smell of new carpet and everything was much brighter. Hopefully, the rest of the rooms will be updated like this. Breakfast was a bit chaotic. The hotel was very busy and I don't think the staff coped well with this. It took a while to get tea and coffee etc. All in all, this hotel was OK. It was clean and comfortable and the room was a good size. The location was great. A really nice area with pubs and restaurants. But, when I go back to London, I would probably try somewhere else.	
Jul 9 2007 	Mediocre Hotel!	I am once more convinced that the reviews posted on Tripadvisor are quite accurate and guiding. Based on the previous reviews, I asked the receptionist to put us in a refurbished room, which she did upon my request. So, this meant, she would have sent us to an unrefurbished one. We walked quite a while through some smelly corridors on the first floor and when we reached the room, I saw that the scene outside the window was awful. I called the reception immediately and complaint that the room was far away from the lifts and the view was very bad. Then we were taken up to a room on the 4th floor and very close to the lift. It was true that there was no bed-side lamp so it was not possible for one person to read while the other was sleeping. The bed was the most uncomfortable bed, ever. We woke up with back aches every morning. House keeping was below mediocre. Anyway, it is still a stayable hotel in a very good location.	
Jun 26 2007 	What a shame!	Booked 2 rooms via lastminute.com secret hotels but recognised it was this particular hotel so expected 4* standard throughout. The hotel reception is fine, staff were pleasant and as our rooms weren't ready we were told we could leave luggage with the concierge. Circumstances dictated that we didn't get back to the hotel until late at which point we found our rooms to be on the 2nd floor. Rooms were reached via a long depressingly drab corridor with battered paintwork and carpeting. Rooms a good size but both were dark (no central light) probably to disguise the peeling paint and paper, curtains hanging off, large holes in the lampshade, frayed carpets and bathrooms scruffy, tired and in dire need of a refurbishment. It is quite shameful that such rooms are marketed as 4* quality at a 4* price. After complaining we were given rooms on the 4th floor, which were of the type you would expect in a reasonable 3/4* hotel. Also be aware that the hotel carpark is one of the smallest underground car parks imagineable, not for the faint hearted. To reach reception from the carpark you have to carry your cases up a number of stairs to get to the lift. When you try to leave and want to pay using a credit card you will discover the credit card opening has been disabled! You are then told to go all the way back up to reception to pay - unless you have cash and not many people carry £70 cash around to pay a carpark bill! Location is good, staff are pleasant and I'm sure most of the rooms are fine. Would recommend staying - as long as you check which room you are being given first!	
Jun 19 2007	Very disappointed with our stay	We booked our 1 night stay through Lastminute.com, under the 'Top secret hotels' deal (although we had figured out that it was the Millenium Gloucester from the description).We paid £94 for 1 night with continental breakfast, which we thought was quite reasonable for a London hotel.We arrived at approx. 3pm to check in, and had to que for about half an hour because the check in computer systems were not working. When it was our turn, no one apologised for making us wait, and thats when alarm bells started to ring in my head. The check in lady asked if we had filled a check in card in, we said no, and she practically threw it across the desk at us and told us to complete it. Whilst we were filling in our details, an American man arrived next to us and started complaining to the check in lady about the fact they had put him in a double room when him and his friend needed a twin room. He said he had made it clear more than once, but they had still checked him in the wrong room. The check in lady barely apologised, just kind of grunted at him and told him to wait while she sorted it out. We stood there for a couple of minutes being ignored, finally our check in card was taken from us and we were handed our keys. No offer of swiping our credit card so we could use room service, no telling us where abouts our room was, nothing mentioned about where breakfast was served etc. She just handed us our keys and started checking in the people behind us.We went up to our room and was disappointed to see how dark and dingy it was. The room as much smaller than in photos we had seen, and very old fashioned. We looked over to the window to see it overlooked some sort of staff communal area and there was a member of the hotel staff just standing there, right outside our window! Althought there was a net curtain, we could see him and he could see us and there was a distinct lack of privacy. We decided we were not happy with this room, so went back to reception to ask if we could be moved. We saw the same check in lady who asked us why we werent happy with the room, we said it was a lot smaller than in pictures we have seen on their website etc, and mentioned about the man outside our window. She then gave us the keys to another room also on the 2nd floor. So up we went, got to the door, and the keys did not work.. So my husband went back downstairs, qued up again for 10 minutes and this time spoke to a more polite, helpful check out person who gave us a key that worked.We opened the door to our new room, and to our disappointment, this second room was even smaller than the first! It overlooked a kind of courtyard, and when I say courtyard, I mean a dark gap in the middle of the hotel filled with pipes and weeds. There was no ceiling light in this room, and the left curtain on the window was nailed down so we couldnt open it! The only light we had was a bedside lamp and a floor lamp in the corner of the room. This room was unabelievably dark and depressing. In the morning it was so dark I could not see to put my make up on.The runners on the corridor outside our room were stuck to the carpet with yellow gaffer tape, and the corridors just smelt musty, damp and old.The only reason we did not complain again was that the reason we had booked into the hotel was we were going to a concert at the new Wembley Stadium and had to leave to get there.We have stayed in hotels in this country and abroad, ranging from 2* to 5* and can clearly state that this hotel was not a 4*. The service was appalling and the rooms were tiny and dark. I feel we were treated badly because we had not paid rack rate. I researched the hotel before we went and thought we had made a good decision, however we were very wrong. I have stayed in 2* hotels where the rooms have been similar and the service miles better. The only good thing about this hotel was the location, right near Gloucester Road tube.I'm sorry I cannot be more positive about this hotel, but this was our first break away since we got married last summer and we were bitterly disappointed.	
Jun 11 2007 	Functional and friendly hotel with a great location!	In my mind this hotel is not a 4 star hotel, but for the price and location it's perfectly fine. The staff was friendly and smiley in every stage. The room was clean and functional. Breakfast was better than expected sans the horrible coffee but there is a Paul's bistro around the corner...Look for the great weekend deals and go enjoy London!	
Jun 10 2007 	Mostly very good	We got a good rate on a superior room on the hotel's website. The room was clean and modern. - duvet in a white cover and no dirty blankets mentioned in previous posts. Bathroom was clean and done out in brown marble and breakfast was very good. Only one minor irritation. We did not book a club room as we knew we would be out all day. On checking in we were offered an upgrade for £30 per night. When we declined the receptionist told us there was only one superior room left on the street side and it would be very noisy. Our room was on the street side nearly opposite the underground station but was perfectly quiet despite being on the first floor. This has to be a scam. If the rooms are so bad guests are warned off they should be uoffering reductions on the rate, or upgrading free.All other members of staff were friendly and helpful. I'm not sure if English was their first language or not but unlike the the previous post I had no trouble understanding them and they did not appear to have any trouble with my Scottish accent. London is an international city but for me that is part of its charm	
May 28 2007 	Mostly all good.....	I think that the hotel has many pros and some cons, but all in all the pros outweigh the cons.When we arrived on Friday at mid-day both our rooms were ready: I had sent an email to the hotel some days before requesting this as my mum has had a spate of ill health so would greatly appreciate a rest in the room after a long journey. the reservation team sent an e-mail saying that they would try to have the rooms ready but there was no guarantee. When we checked in the reservation manager asked if it was a special occasion; when she found out it was my mum's 65th birthday she said she would arrange something special. After a few hours out of the hotel, we came back to a large cake in the room. This was a surprise and very thoughtful.We paid extra for &quot;Club&quot; rooms. I would pay extra for these again - lovely big beds and extra space and all on the 6th, 7th and 8th floors (with their own dedicated lifts!) Club rooms have a lounge that can be used for refreshments thoughout the day (nibbles in the evenings) and you can also have breakfast there. We did take a look at this one morning, but they only serve a continental breakfast there - it's much better to go down to the restaurant for a wider choice - continental; scandinavian; full english; Japanese - whatever! The staff were all pleasant and helpful - from the time of check-in; to those service breakfast and also the concierge.Cons.... If your room is on the street side of the hotel, things will be quiet; however, those facing the back of the hotel, overlooking the conference rooms will not have much peace until any events are over. There was a wedding on the Saturday evening which went on until 1am. Noice travelled up to the 7th floor, so those on lower floors would have an even noisier time! There was a refurbishment programme going on on the 7th floor - this didn't really affect our stay (apart from big black bin-liners placed over the doors of the rooms being refurbished, making it look slightly building site-ish!) Couldn't quite work out if the refurbishment was electrical; plumming; air conditioning or just decoration. My room was clean though in need of a spruce - general signs of wear and tear evident (stains on the sofa/chairs, safety catch on the window broken - so if the loud music had driven me to suicide, there would be no catch on the window to stop me!). The bedding was a bit cheap - nasty brown 1950's blankets. As the room was so warm we just needed the cotton sheet so didn't use the blanket. What's wrong with a simple duvet?!On the whole the stay was pleasant and I would go back there. I'm sure the refurbishment programme will make this good hotel into a GREAT hotel.The hotel's situation in London was great for us. 1 minute walk from Gloucester Road Tube which is on the Piccadilly and District and Circle line so has direct line to Victoria and Paddington. It has both a Tesco Metro and a Waitrose opposite the hotel, so cheap snacks and drinks are easily bought.I used Londontown.com to book the hotel which seemed to give the best deal around.	
May 28 2007 	'Underwhelming mediocrity'	It comes to something when the best thing about a hotel is it's proximity to a tube station! But this really is one of it's best points. The second best feature (for car travellers), is the on-site underground car park which is like gold dust in central London.After that it's all downhill for the Millennium Gloucester. The building is drab and soulless. The views are at best depressing, at worse, unbearable. Our room was small and grubby and was not made up to our specification when we arrived i.e the requested child's bed was absent! Cigarette smoke from the room next door (partition door), wafted through our room, making our clothes smell of stale ash. As this happened through the night when we were asleep, nothing could be done. I was amazed, have you ever known this to happen before?????By way of explanation it is worth noting that we had booked under the terms of the 'Millennium Club' which affords certain privileges to guests. What these are I have no idea, because our impression was that what we got was decidedly ordinary . A case in point is our experience at breakfast. We sat down and were greeted by a pleasant lady who took our order for three coffees. We got a pot of tea and one coffee. We all make mistakes so no big deal, but it is the reason the order was wrong that needs highlighting. The lady who took our order did not speak English as her first language, neither did any of the other staff in the Club lounge. How did we know this, we spoke to them all. This set me thinking about something that had been nagging at the back of my mind but I couldn't figure it out. Then I realised what it was. No one that we had spoken to in the hotel (front door, reception, concierge, lobby staff, house keeping etc) spoke English as a first language! All of the staff (that I met) spoke to me in a language that was foreign to them.I am all for free trade etc and the free movement of labour but I began to wonder if the language barrier was a wider spread issue. Was our bungled breakfast order was just the tip of the ice-berg?Anyone from the English speaking world who has visited London recently will surely have noticed what we did during our stay. Central London is staffed almost entirely by foreigners who speak English only to varying degrees. Where have all the Cockneys gone? We didn't speak to one, they weren't there, they have gone. Black, white, asian Londoners, they seem to have disappeared.Don't accuse me of racism or any of that rubbish, its not about that issue at all. I'm sure other visitors to central London have noticed this phenomenon too. Either way, to get back to the Millennium Gloucester (or not as the case may be), if you don't like loud thumping disco music blasting its way through the entire building on a function night, then you'd best avoid this poor excuse of a hotel and find a proper 4* deluxe place to stay. Mind you, the car park is very handy!	
May 16 2007	Dissapointing	Stayed 2 nights at the Millenium Kensington and must say how dissapointed I was. The public areas such as the bar and reception are very nice indeed, but the rooms did not match.I had a double room which was very tatty for a 4* hotel, some of the furnishings were falling apart and parts of the room were really dirty and/or dusty. The bed had horrible old blankets and even the carpet in the corridors was held together with industrial tape!On day 2 my room was serviced but toilet roll was not replaced, I had to spend around 10 minutes on the phone to negotiate a new one!We returned to the bar after going out for a meal and waited half an hour to be served, then we were told that the bar was closed, although other people continued to be served long after this(obviously friends of the bar staff).On a positive note the hotel is in a great location just round the corner from Gloucester Road tube station and with several restaurants, shops, bars etc nearby. Breakfast at the hotel was also very good with a wide choice that was nicely cooked.In all I wouldn't recommend this as a 4* hotel - it was extremely expensive and I have stayed in better 3* hotels in London that are a quarter of the price of this one. Therefore I very much doubt that I will return!	
May 15 2007 	great location	We stayed in a family room with our two children. It was large , clean quiet and comfortable. You need to ask for information or maps. The concierge has info tucked away under the desk! While we were there the whole bar area was completely flooded by rushing water coming through a pipe between the 1st and 2nd floors and was out of use for the rest of our time there. The fridge in our room did not work either.This hotel is right next to the tube station but in a quiet street. We bought a London pass and travel pass and so didn't have to queue for train tickets. A great thing for a family. It makes you get out and really see London.Gloucester road has some good cheaper places to eat , only our advice -don't go to the restaurant Little India. The waiter tried to upsell the meal on every part of the order. Took the wrong order, then came and had a heated argument with us about how we had ordered a particular dish when we hadn't! It was most unpleasant for our 1st night in London. He was not a nice man.Don't go there. Waitrose is just nearby if you want to eat in	
May 8 2007	Near it all	We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights. We booked through a travel club, which had us picked up at Heathrow and brought to the hotel, very convenient. Same arrangement for the return trip home. We had a large, well equipped room, large comfortable bed, easy chair with ottoman, desk with ergonomic computer chair. The bathroom was clean, with all the necessities provided. The hotel provided a full English breakfast each morning, that was quite good. Location is the key, and we were right around the corner from the Cloucester tube station, which has the Main line and the Picadilly line to choose. Traveling the subways and buses is very easy and convenient all over London, after purchasing an all day ticket at the station for 5.1 pounds. The undergound is very clean, as is all of London, and very efficient. NYC should go take some lessons from the British in maintaining and running a subway system. And this is from a native New Yorker.  There are many restaurants in the area, and a wonderful pub just down Gloucester Road, going toward the S. Kensington tube station. Just several streets away are the Natural History and Science Museums, both excellent, and museums are free in London. We booked 2 all day tours, one around London, the other to Warwick, Stratford and Oxford. Both were outstanding. The British guides were the best, energetic and knowledgeable. Money well spent, I would recommend guided tours to see the most in a limited time frame. I was disappointed that so few tipped the guides and drivers at the end of the tours. Maybe customs differ, but we spent all day with these people, and they give it their all. We also took a Beatles walking tour, which we enjoyed tremendously. We saw a play, Phantom of the Opera, in the theatre district, and Shakespeare's Othello at the Globe. London and the Millenium were both wonderful, &quot; a splendid time was had by all.&quot;	
May 7 2007 	Great Location - Budget Price for a Budget Room	Booked this room for £75 a night on Lastminute. Able to check in at 11am which was great. Upgrade was offered but at £20 per night. The room was not one of the refurbished rooms. It was not worthy of a four star hotel. Room was cold as the air con wasn't working properly and the bedclothes were pretty inadequate!It was pretty dingy and carpets and furnishings have seen much better days!On the plus side, the location is great. Within a 100yds of Gloucester Road tube station. For £75 a night you can't complain as you wouldn't get a budget room for that price in such good location. If you are paying full price for the room, make sure you get a refurbished one.	
May 6 2007	tired	We frequently visit London on business and stay in Kensington mainly SW7; we have stayed here before and we were unable on this occasion to get much of a discount after searching the usual websites. Breakfast was good as was the service and concierge very helpful.The room was average size but at end of a very long corridor; carpeting to room was tired and badly repaired in several places and corridor smelled of damp. The decor badly in need of a coat of paint. By Millenium standards not now one of their better ones and we would now consider the one in Sloane Street or another hotel in Kensington and are unlikely to return to this one.	
May 5 2007 	The Worst Hotel We've Stayed In !!	I and a friend stayed here for 2 nights for a WWE event at the nearby Earls Court Arena.After driving around the area for nearly an hour, we arrived at this hotel. Upon entering, we were pleased to find a very spacious and nicely set out lobby and check-in was no problem.We were also happy to find that our room was well maintained. I noticed after switching on the TV (which is a ritual I often partake in) that the choice of channels was very poor, only a few English speaking channels, no sports and bad reception also.We left the room to check out the hotel drinking facilities. We headed over to the bar (Humphrey’s) and saw that this was closed. We asked reception if this would be opening at all and her response was just that they had a flood and there was a number of bars close by. No apology was given for the inconvenience just a lot of shrugging shoulders on her part. We headed to the rather dead restaurant and were seated and ordered by saying &quot;can we have 2 bottles of Budweiser please&quot;....This was met by a smiling/blank stare from the waitress and I then had to point to it on the menu!! We got the drinks, which looked like they had been recovered from the bottom of the Thames, the way that the labels were hanging off of them.A different waitress then took us by surprise when, instead of taking our next order, plunked the bill down on the table and wandered off! In the end we had to settle on becoming members (for free) of the casino next door in order to get a proper drink and service.Later in the evening we asked a further 2 more members of staff about the bar area and the 1st person said that it would be open in a month, the 2nd said that they would be opening it tomorrow (?) Obviously the communication between the staff was second to none (!)Day 2. In the afternoon we went down to the lobby and headed for the restaurant only to be told that they were holding a private function so we couldn’t go in. We then noticed that a number of staff were going back and forth into the so called “closed” bar with tables, chairs and everything else. This at least confirmed that the at least 1 person that we had asked was correct. Trying to get through to the main reception to arrange a taxi to Earls Court was an absolute nightmare and when I finally did get through was just told rather abruptly to come down and arrange one closer to the time...Ok..Thanks.All in all this was undoubtedly the worst hotel that we have stayed in and my advice to you is that unless your wearing a suit or are there for business purposes then expect to be treated like a 2nd class resident.	
May 3 2007 	Mixed	After staying here for two nights we had a lot of mixed feelings. Most of the staff were really friendly, while some were almost rude. The hotel had however a lot of staff, so most things were solved quickly.The rooms seemed to be quite ok, except the one we were given. There were severe water/moisture damage in the bathroom. Upon pointing out this to the staff i was answered with a blank stare, almost as if this was the norm.The first night the firealarm sounded at 1am and woke up the whole hotel. No explanation were given except for the &quot;full evacuation&quot; on the hotel-tv was changed to &quot;false alarm&quot; after what seemed to be atleast 10minutes. The staff avoided the issue in the morning.The location is however excellent, a 1 minute walk to the Gloucester Rd Tube Station. KFC, Burger King and Tesco at the same distance.Overall this experience was &quot;okayish&quot;, but NOT what we expected from a 4star hotel. I dont want to badmouth this hotel, but we wont be staying here again as long as there are alternatives.	
Apr 22 2007 	Mixed feelings	We asked for twin room but had twin beds made up as one king size - this had to be rectified but was done so fairly quickly. Sadly there was a very damp smell of wet carpets in corridors of floor 2. Apart from that hotel was very good - staff were courteuous, hotel room very nice and breakfast excellent. I will return.	
Apr 12 2007 	Excellent short break at the Millenium Gloucester	We had a 3 night break at the Millenium Gloucester last week, also booked through Superbreak , who gave us a very good 3 nights for 2 deal on 2 interconnecting club rooms for 2 adults and 2 kids.We arrived early before noon, but although we hadn't warned the hotel, they were more than happy to check whether our rooms were ready. As it turned out one was and one wasn't. On arrival at the room, it was still unmade, but housekeeping staff nearby were very helpful and directed us to the Club lounge, where another member of staff contacted reception for us. A few minutes later, the receptionist herself came up to us to apologise, there had been a computer error (it happens!) and gave us the key to the other room, which was fine. Other than that, we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, breakfasts were excellent, a huge variety of food (including baked beans), well cooked, the rooms were clean, medium sized, beds large and comfortable, but bathrooms on the small side. It was well stocked with tea/coffee facilities, 2 hairdriers , iron, ironing board, bathrobes and plenty of towels. It was in an excellent position, a minutes walk from Gloucester Rd tube Station, which is served by 3 good tube lines. We found it handy for the Natural History and Science Museums, the London Eye, Madame Tussauds, Covent Garden, the theatre and Harrods!Small gripe, we live in a very quiet rural area, and did notice road noise outside at night, as the windows were only single glazed. But it was mainly the first night, I guess we got used to it after that, or were just too tired to notice.We didn't try the hotel's restaurants as they seemed too &quot;good&quot; for our kids, although on the website they do say they have a kids menu and we may have missed out!. However across the road from the tube station, there is a place called Black and Blue, which seemed very popular, and we had an excellent meal (steak for Dad, burgers for kids and yummy prawns for Mum)Overall, we had a great time, were very happy with the hotel, and assuming I could get a good deal again, I would be more than happy to stay again on our next family trip to London.	
Apr 6 2007 	A fabulous experience	My daughter and I have just returned from London having spend a fantastic 2 days at the Millenium Gloucester. We had booked the hotel through Superbreak and can only say what a fantastic hotel it was. The room was excellent and on the quieter side of the hotel, which I had requested. It was my daughter's 11th birthday whilst we were there and the hotel management made it extra special by providing a lovely chocolate birthday cake. The hotel lobby was magnificent and the staff are very friendly indeed. We dined at one of the hotel's several restaurants &quot;The Bugis St Brassiere&quot; and the food there was of a very high standard.The breakfast the following morning had more than enough choices even for the fussiest of eaters and it was all very well cooked. Our stay at the Millenium was very special and I would certainly recommend this hotel as the location is just a short walk from the nearest tube station.We hope to return in the future.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great Hotel Fun Area	We stayed at the Millenium Gloucester from March 10 through 17. The hotel has a lovely lobby with much hustle bustle going on. The people manning the check-in desk are efficient and polite. We had a lovely 4th floor refurbished room with a king size bed.. The size of the room was ideal and the bathroom is done in marble. There was a desk and a comfy recliner in the room. This hotel is a base for businessmen, conference attendees and flight attendants and pilots. The buffet breakfast each morning has something for everyone and the service is wonderful. Although this hotel may not be close to the major tourist attractions in London, the area is great. It is a minute’s walk to the underground. It’s also a block away from a neat area with coffee shops, a thrift shop, a bookstore, a little food market, a large supermarket, neat cafes and a pub. It’s a young neighborhood, even though the hotel itself seems to cater to business people. We enjoyed our stay and bought a 7-day subway pass to get around this great city. We would stay here again without hesitation.	
Mar 25 2007	perfect	I have just got back from staying in London for a weekend break at The Millenium Glouster.I must say this was a very nice hotel indeed, Rooms were big and the bed was HUGE....superb location and a 2 minuite walk to the tube. Hotel reception was fast. Room service was very Slow, and we had to call twice before we got what we requested.The breakfast in the morning was very poor, no baked beans!How ever the hotel is very clean nice deco, everyone is friendly i was reccomend this to anyone. Over all we had a great stay here and would return to this stylish 4* hotel......	
Mar 23 2007 	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I returned from London having stayed at the Millennium Gloucester for a week. This is an excellent hotel with excellent staff. Staff are often waiting in the lobby asking guests if they need anything. For instance, on one occasion, I was asked twice on the way to the elevator if I needed any assistance with anything. Several minor issues were solved immediately (e.g., room change, small repair, etc.). The concierge was helpful as were all of the staff who worked in the breakfast area. After having read some of the reviews in TripAdvisor, I did have concerns initially, but everything turned out very well; in fact, I'd say everything was handled extremely well by the hotel. I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Mar 16 2007 	A decent value...	I booked a trip to London, England for my 18 year old daughter and I as a treat for her spring break from college and for us to have some &quot;Girl Time&quot; together. The Millenium Gloucester was perfect for what we needed, which was, basically, a centrally located place to sleep. When we arrived, we were asigned a &quot;double&quot;room which was quite large BUT consisted of two twin beds with scratchy acryiic blankets. Having not slept in a twin bed since college, some 25 years ago, I asked for a room with larger beds. I was given a lovely &quot;redone&quot; room with a king size bed with a down comforter, a little smaller but very comfortable. The room smelled of cigarette smoke but I dealt with it. Like I said, we were only there to sleep. The hotel is located right by the Gloucester Rd tube, very convenient. The lobby was fairly nice, the doormen attentive. The evening conceirge was helpful and pleasant. The daytime conceirge, however, was so unbelievably rude and obnoxious! The front desk help was courteous and efficient. All in all, I think it was a farily good value for the money I paid, which wasn't very much.	
Mar 12 2007	Good for the price	I spent five nights at the Millenium Gloucester in February. As has been noted, the hotel is in a safe, fairly convenient location right next to the Gloucester Road tube stop. The immediate area is filled with food stores and restaurants. That being said, this is not really the neighborhood where visitors to London would want to spend their holiday, so be prepared for some time on the tube. If you are looking for a nearby shopping area, Kensington High Street is only a short ride away on the #49 bus (stops right in front of the tube station). My experience at this hotel was positive overall. The lobby is quite nice, and the my 4th floor king room was clean, spacious and appeared to have been refurbished. The only problems I encountered were with erroneous mini bar charges and a broken door lock. It did take two requests to resolve each issue. Breakfast was just an ordinary buffet, though the service was quick and friendly. The bar was often busy and always expensive. I booked this hotel for about $120. @ night through BA Holidays. One can't complain too much about a generally pleasant 4* hotel in London for that price.	
Feb 24 2007	Excellent hotel	Stayed at this hotel on business in February. I couldnt fault it at all. The rooms are very large and have a separate dressing area. Beds are 6ft wide and very comfy. Breakfasts are a combination of English, Continental or Oriental. The hotel is situated next door to Gloucester Road tube station and the sister hotel Millennium Baileys. I would say that the bar at the Baileys is nicer and more comfortable than the Gloucester. Definately recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 17 2007 	Excellent Hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed in the hotel for four nights and I can only describe our stay as excellent.We booked four months in advance on the hotel's website and we got an extremely competitive rate for a hotel of this standard and location.Continental breakfast was included which was very good with a nice selection and first class service.The appearance and the decor of the hotel is of a high standard and is very clean in all areas.We arrived at midday and I requested a renovated room which we were given which was of excellent standard and of an adequate size.The £20 of vouchers that we were given came in very handy and we ended up eating for free on the final night in the Bugis Street Cafe adjoining the hotel which serves very good Singaporian food.The location of the hotel is second to none being right next to Gloucester Road tube station and Central London is only five tube stops away.Staff were pleasant and helpful at all times and I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 6 2007	Definitely recommended!!	My boyfriend and I celebrated our anniversary last weekend in the Millenium Gloucester hotel and we had a fab time! The hotel is very central and a 20 second walk from the Gloucester Road tube station. We flew into Stansted and discovered that the Stansted Express Train was out of service due to maintanence so we hopped on the National Express bus (£18 RTN/ADULT). It was meant to take 90 mins but we arrived at Victoria tube station in an hour. As we didnt know where exactly our hotel was located, we grabbed a taxi which set us back £16. I would recommend taking the tube from Victoria to Gloucester Rd (3 stops and much cheaper!). When we arrived at the hotel, we were really impressed. The lobby is fab and the atmosphere made us feel very important and posh! As we went up to our room, the excitement was mounting. We had really high hopes. I opened the door...and my jaw dropped. I felt like I had walked into an old folks home. The room was musty, dark and very very dated. I was horrified. I immediately went downstairs to reception and explained that this wasnt what I was expecting for the price I paid. Thankfully, I spoke with a lovely lady who offered me a choice of 2 rooms. I chose the Club Room (obviously as its a great upgrade) and when I walked into the room I nearly passed out. It was FAB! Exactly what I had dreamed and after she left I proceeded to take lots of pics and videos to make family and friends jealous! The breakfast the next morning was absolutely delicious with a wide range of food to choose from. The dining room is gorgeous. I would recommend the Steak House around the corner - the Blue Door Steak House - my boyfriend and I agreed it was the best dinner we've ever had. Very romantic, yet lively. Reasonably priced (2 starters, 2 mains (steaks), 1 dessert, 1 glass of wine, 1 beer for £60). The next day we did the normal touristy things - we took the Big Bus Tour which was £20 each for 48 hours.It was really good but I would recommend taking the original tour bus as its exactly the same but only £18. Both include a boat sightseeing tour which is really good and shows you alot more of the city than possible by bus. One mistake we made was buying a tube all day pass (£5.50) which we didnt need except for going into and returning from the city. It just wasnt worth it. Do not get off at Leicester Square if you dont like high escalators or are unable to use them - theres no lift-i asked! Best to get off at Convent Garden as there are wheelchair facilities there and its only a 6 min walk to Leicester Sq from there. We had a wonderful weekend and I would definitely go back. Problems: no swimming pool; the concierge seemed to be constantly hungover and was really unhelpful; the duvet was really thin so we had to request more blankets; the cleaning lady didnt remove the rubbish from our room; the hairdryer is attached to the wall in the bedroom where there are no mirrors :-(	
Feb 1 2007 	Decent Hotel in a Great Location	This was my fifth stay at the Gloucester. Why do I come back? Large rooms in a great location, usually at excellent rates. This was a four-night holiday break over a weekend. I looked at a number of other hotels but booked the Gloucester as it was reasonable, reliable and was close to transport.Unusually, there was no available room at 1pm when I first tried to check in. One of the large drug companies was holding a conference at the hotel and it was full. Was given a remodeled king room on the first floor at 3pm after lunch and a few pints at a pub up the road. The room itself was very nice, the nicest I have had at the hotel. While a bit smaller than average for the Gloucester, the entire room had been redone and looked quite similar to the ones shown on the web site. This was a vast improvement over my last room there which was a converted meeting room featuring a Murphy bed. The beds and chairs were comfortable. Decent television channel selection featuring many foreign networks. We found them quite entertaining after a night at the pub. The bathrooms were the original but are just fine and the hotel has good water pressure. A few minor annoyances – the wiring for the 'do not disturb' and 'please clean my room' lights was reversed, we never figured out the thermostat and the new rooms have so many light switches that a few remained a mystery to us even at check out. Service is as we expected from a large convention hotel - efficient and polite but nothing special as a whole. The neighborhood is good as mentioned in most other reviews so I will not go into that here. In short, this is a decent choice if you get a rate under 200 USD a night, want a larger than average London room, a good neighborhood and good access to most of the city. If the rate is much higher than that, other choices may provide better value.	
Jan 29 2007 	Absolutely outstanding	I was incredibly impressed by this hotel. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, the service we received was absolutely outstanding.We were really pleased with our room, the bed was so comfy and the room and bathroom were impeccably clean.I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, it was first class.	
Jan 24 2007 	Great stay at this hotel	My family and I stayed here for 3 nights this month and we all thought it was great. We had three rooms which were all updated and clean - our only disappointment was that one room was quite a ways from the other two, although on the same floor.As others have said, the location is great and it is very handy to have the grocery store across the street. We also found a surprisingly good Italian restaurant a few blocks away - it looked like a dive from the outside, but the food was wonderful and not expensive if you stayed away from the fish dishes.Breakfast was included in our room rate and it was a very good full breakfast, with fruit, eggs, breads, meat and some asian food too.It was interesting to see all the pilots and flight attendants in the lobby each day - it seems that several airlines use this as the hotel for their crew.Bus line was nearby and we took the double-decker one morning to get close to the Changing of the Guards. We also saved money by buying the daily subway/bus pass which was good all day on buses and the tube.I'd stay here again in a heartbeat and will recommend it to others.	
Jan 21 2007 	Quite Decent!	We booked for the week between Christmas and New Years and were a little worried after reading some of the reviews. However, we had passed this hotel many times before on our way to our &quot;regular&quot; hotel, Harrington Hall (Which is now an NH Hotel). We thought it looked just fine from the street and the lobby, so we were going to give it a chance! We KNEW the location was perfect from previous trips.We had nothing but a fine experience for the entire trip. The front desk was helpful and honored my request for an updated room. The room was spacious and the bathroom nice enough. We had a bedroom window that would open, which was important since there did not appear to be any ventilation in the bathroom. The bed and bath linens were nice quality and everything was tidy and clean. Everything in the room worked. Water pressure was fine, but we shower at night, so perhaps that's different in the morning. The housekeeper was efficient.Meals were expensive at the hotel. We chose to have breakfast at the other places in the neighborhood and both of us ate for less than the price of one breakfast at the hotel. We had drinks in the lobby one evening (the bar was way too smokey!) and found the prices pretty high there, too- almost 50 pounds for 5 drinks! We stayed in the lobby for hours playing cards and chatting with old friends who had joined us. The staff did not try to hurry us out.We were really quite happy with this hotel. We normally stay at Hiltons or Westins in the USA and would consider this hotel similar. We had none of the problems other reviewers listed. We did lose one hotel key card, which was replaced instantly with no comment. We were also given an extension on check out time, which was helpful as our flight from Heathrow was a couple of hours after the regular checkout.Couple of tips- we liked the Waitrose grocery store in the little mall right outside the tube station. They have nice take out dishes if you feel like taking something back to your room, plus a great selection of tea and coffee for your tea maker back in the room. We also liked the coffee shop (I think it was Costa Coffee) a block or so down from the Starbucks. They sell an internet card (20 minutes and up) which was helpful for checking our flight. (I do not travel with a laptop.) We also used the Boots lunch special (Sandwich, drink, and snack item) for a park lunch for one day. That made more sense to us than having to leave the park to eat, since we were going just before lunchtime anyway.	
Jan 13 2007 	The conciege ruined it all	We stayed 8 nights in January. It is a large hotel close to Gloucester Road tube, so its location is excellent. The decor is neutral, the room size quite adequate with a decent size bathroom. When we arrived the heated towel rail in the bathroom was broken with live wires protruding from it. I called to have it fixed but it took two days and further chasing of the staff. They didnt seem to appreciate it could electrocute someone.Breakfast was cheaper getting vouchers at the reception. The weekend cost of £10.00 and £12.50 Monday to Friday. Without the voucher it is £17.50. The stay was fine until the last two days. A friend arrived to see us whilst we were having breakfast. She asked the conciege if she could sit with us. He refused to allow her to join us. Then later on in the day I ordered a taxi from the same concierge to pick us up the following morning to take us to the airport. I explained to him we were two persons with 4 suitcases. No problem I was told, our cars are Mercedes or bigger. When the taxi arrived the following morning (it was a large people carrier), the same male concierge stood there shouting and screaming at us, that we were only allowed two suitcases and we would have to pay extra to take four suitcases. A huge argument ensued. We left the hotel nervous and angry. A pity it ended like that and I wondered what on earth the hotel was doing employing such a person incapable of dealing professionally with the public. For room rates starting at close to £200 per night the public deserves much better service than that.	
Jan 6 2007 	Location location location	Got this hotel on priceline, for £73 per room per night including taxes and charges. Stayed for three nights, before moving to the Conrad, Chelsea.The location of the Millenium Gloucester was fantastic - nearest tube a one minute walk, ten minute walk to natural history museum and science museum. There were also plenty of shops and eating places nearby. We ate out or bought in for breakfast, as in room breakfast was £17.50 per person.Staff are very friendly, and the lobby and bar are beautifully decorated. The restaurants also looked very nice, but we didn't eat at them.The hotel is worthy of its four star status, aside from the rooms. some of the rooms at the gloucester have been refurbished, but naturally, as we'd got a cheap deal, we didn't get one of those. The rooms are small and dark - a couple of lamps, and no ceiling lights. The mini bar is expensive, and it doesn't even cool the drinks properly. The shower above the bath was inadequate, and the water pressure was rubbish.But the location and the top notch service made up for the tired looking rooms, and we would certainly stay there again, if we got a good deal, and we'd certainly pay more for the better rooms. Even though we stayed in a lovely five star hotel for the second part of our trip, we really missed the fab location of the Millenium Gloucester.	
Dec 19 2006 	Terrible worst experience I have ever had at a hotel	Where do I start? Stayed here for two nights in December after using the positive reviews on this website to persuade me to do so.The hotel lobby and staff there impressed me when I first arrived.On arriving at the room I found firstly that it was really dull and the decor was not very tasteful at all. Very disappointed. There was no ashtray in the room either. (It was a smoking room).After a while I turned on the TV and used the TV guide. However, when I tried to watch certain channels I found that none of the numbers matched and I was also missing a lot of channels - most notably the sports channels.I called the operator to tell them about the TV problem. I was informed by a lady operator that it was a mistake and that I should not have any of the channels. She then rudely hung up on me. I called back and asked that somebody fix the TV and told her that I was going to complain about her hanging up the phone and she just laughed and said &quot;thank you, sir&quot;.The next morning I ordered breakfast to the room. It arrived soon after and the man bringing it was pleasant. Again, more problems. Despite a bowl of cereal included in my order, I was not given a spoon to eat it with so was left using a teaspoon. Also, there was no salt provided and the food was generally very poor. At £17.50, this is not what I expected.On leaving the hotel on the first day I spoke to reception and made a complaint about the experience I had with the operator. The man I spoke to was very apologetic and professional and promised to investigate the matter. It was also explained that because of an upgrade to digital of the TV service, there were problems with the channels and that the bar would be happy to put on any sports I wanted to watch. I was offered two complementary breakfasts.On coming back to the room later that day, the key cards didn't work so another trip back to reception (a good 5 mins) to find out what was going on. I was given two new cards and was advised to keep them away from my mobile phone because it somehow damages them.... Eventually getting into the room I found there was still no ashtray (despite mentioning this to reception already), the bed was made, however there was still an empty bottle beside my bed.The bins in the bathroom and bedroom did not have bags in them which I thought was a bit dirty. The bedsheets, although clean, were stained. The in house movies on the TV system were a very bad selection and all about three years old.Overall I was very happy to be leaving this hotel and would never go back again. A four star hotel, but without a doubt the worst I have ever stayed at. I could not recommend this place to anybody.	
Dec 11 2006	A great hotel	I just returned from a stay at the Millennium Gloucester (Dec 1 thru 6, 2006) and had a wonderful stay. I was apprehensive because after booking on Priceline I read several negative reviews on this site. However, the staff was more than attentive, the room (an unrenovated one on the 3rd floor) exceeded expectations, and the location couldn't be better. I can't even guess how other guests reported such bad stays, as I never met even a single employee who wasn't friendly and accommodating. I would highly reccomend the hotel.Some pluses - location (right in Kensigton, 10 minute walk to Hyde Park, across street to Gloucester Rd. tube stop with 3 lines - 10/15 minutes to Westminster, several good restaurants and shops in walking distance, as well as museums), accommodating staff (arranged car services, helped us seek medical treatmet for a child), and very nice rooms (a family of four had room to do takeout in the room comforatbly.)Tip - London is expensive, especially for Americans with such a weak dollar. You can get take-out meals at the &quot;Waitrose&quot; grocery store next to the tube if you want to save a few pounds (which equates to a lot of dollars.)	
Dec 10 2006 	Cigarette Butt in the Window.....	I stayed here for three nights last week and was not entirely happy.I arrived very early (7:30 a.m.) without having requested an early check-in. Sarah at the front desk said they had a room ready for me, but when I requested a refurbished room she said it would take &quot;about two hours&quot;. Having seen the grim photos of the unrefurbished rooms I said I'd wait, despite being sick and tired from sleeping at Stansted all night (or rather, not sleeping at Stansted all night). Well, &quot;two hours&quot; turned into five-and-a-half hours and I didn't get into a room until 1:00 p.m. and in the end, it was a twin-bedded room instead of the king-bedded room I'd asked for. (I am a big man and twin beds are not so comfy for me.)The decor in the room (on the fourth floor) was newish but kind of cheap. Not a great TV nor good reception. A leather chair and ottoman that was not particularily comfy. And when I opened the window to let in the fresh air, there was a cigarette butt wedged into the crack of the window that housekeeping either hadn't spotted or was indifferent to.The staff were resaonably pleasant, but I wasn't crazy about the carnival-like atmosphere in the lobby (the hotel has an attached onvention centre) and the constant gathering of Qantas flight crews milling about.Location is superb, across the street from the (absurdly crowded) Gloucester Road tube station. Burger King, Metro Tesco, Starbucks, KFC and cheapish internet cafe across street, as well. I got a cheap rate on Priceline ($85US) so I can't complain about value. Still, that cigarette butt left its mark.....	
Nov 26 2006 	The millennnium gloucester is good	I stayed seven nights and enjoyed the accomadations the area the local eating places and the staff.However, some of the front desk staff need to be careful with the tone of their voice in responding to guests questions. On two accosions the attitude of two front desk staff was poor in addressing an elderly person and a guest of seven nights,namely me. Other staff people were ffine. I would send friends to the hotlel without question. The only disappointment was breakfast did not come with the room. It was my first experience without breakfast at a London hotel since 1972. Thank God, for the &quot;little hole in the wall breakfast eatery&quot; across the street.	
Nov 26 2006 	first class	Just returned from a weekend at this hotel and could not fault any part of it.We booked a weekend saver on the hotel website, a standard on the 4th floor, a newly renovated room, £110 a night, including a cooked breakfast.Our room was warm when we wanted it to be and had an opening window for some air, unusual at some London hotels.Both the room and bathroom were of a 4 star standard, lovely linen, towels and bathroom accessories. Iron, ironing board, safe and fridge/mini bar. Didn't use the mini bar but handy for the milk.Hotel bar very expensive, but as others have said the hotel is so handy for everthing you need, tube 100 yds, tesco express the same.Some very good eateries just around the corner, recommend Brannigans, good food and not ripped off by the price.Would we stay again? You bet!!	
Nov 25 2006 	Lovely Hotel	We have just returned from a very good 2 night stay at the Millenium Gloucester. I've read some of the reviews and was a little apprehensive, no need, we were on the 5th Floor in a King Club Room with access to a lovely Club Lounge with excellent service in there too. The room was spotless and had all the amenities you could expect of a 4 star London Hotel in the middle of Kensington. Just across the road from Gloucester Road Underground and in 10 mins you can be in Sloane Square or 15 mins to Oxford Street. Beautiful lobby area, lively bar in the evening and I would certainly stay there again albeit that their parking is pricey, but hey this is London!!	
Nov 16 2006 	OK if you get a deal	The best feature of this hotel is the location. Right across the street from the Gloucester Rd. tube station and near several restaurants, grocery store and drug store.The hotel itself is nice, but we did have a few problems with unhelpful staff. We got there at around 8am after an overnight flight from the US. We were told our room would be ready at noon (which we expected) so we went out for a few hours and arrived back around 12:30pm. Our room was not ready. After waiting in the lobby for another 30 minutes or so, we were given a room. Well, when we walked in, it was *freezing.* We tried turning on the heat - nothing. We tried the lights - nothing. Thinking something was wrong with the electricity in the room, we called the operator. The operator said she would send maintenence. After sitting there shivering for 1/2 an hour we decided to just request a new room. Tried calling the front desk twice and got no answer both times, so we got our bags together and went back to the lobby. We explained the situation to the woman at the desk, who only then informed us that we had to put our keycard into a box by the door in order to turn on the electricity &amp; heat! I don't know if this is now standard practice in UK hotels, but at no hotel I've ever stayed in in the US, UK, or elsewhere have I ever had to use my keycard to turn on the electricity &amp; heat. My partner had even stayed at this hotel before and did not remember having to do this. It would be nice of the desk staff to inform guests of this feature when checking them in. Then the woman proceeds to tell us that if there is a problem we can just call, and do not need to come to the lobby with our bags. We told her that we tried calling twice and no one answered, to which she said, &quot;Oh, well we are right here,&quot; like we were stupid and they couldn't possibly have neglected to answer the phone. She was rather rude about it and quite unpleasant.We went back to the room and found the (completely unmarked) box, inserted our keycard, and got the lights and heat turned on. It never did get very warm in the room though, even though we left the heat on constantly for the 3 days we were there. I understand the hotel needing to conserve energy, but it is very unpleasant as a guest to walk into a freezing cold hotel room and then be unable to get it warm because there is only one small vent near the ceiling and the heat has been off for who knows how long, in November. There was also no heat vent in the bathroom, so it remained pretty chilly in there. We also discovered, as we went to take a nap, that there was no top sheet or blanket on the bed, just a duvet. At this point we were so tired though that we just dealt with it.I booked this hotel as part of a travel package, but if I had a choice I would probably not stay here again. I just don't think the rooms or the service lived up to the 4-star rating.	
Nov 16 2006	So long and thanks for all the drilling and vomiting	Stayed in this hotel for a conference during February 2006. Rooms were very clean, spacious and well decorated. The bathroom was well equipped and spotless. My in-room safe was not working properly, but when I reported this to reception by phone they sent someone up immediately and the problem was quickly resolved. All good so far!!! I had an evening meal of poached duck in the adjoining restaurant and was very ill the next day. Whas it the duck? Very likely I think!I awoke at 7:00am the next day to the sound of workmen in the next room. They were hammering and drilling like there was no tomorrow. They were also talking loudly and hanging about in the corridor outside. The drill user was even tapping out little tunes with it! It was like a ‘Carry On’ movie.Breakfast was a buffet and was fine. My illness hadn’t kicked in quite yet! The conference facilities are very good, with the exception of the gloomy hall in the bowels of the hotel that is used for large events.I checked out at noon and told the receptionist that my stay had been marred by the antics in the room next door. She was really incompetent and didn’t even say sorry. She said that there was nothing she could do about it.Would I stay there again? You must be kidding!	
Nov 12 2006 	Ok choice if you can get a deal	My husband and I booked this hotel through Priceline for £50! Once finding out that we were to stay at the Millenium Gloucester and finding the reviews on this website, we were rather nervous about our stay!The lobby/reception area is truly gigantic and well maintained. The staff were efficient and polite and didn't look down their noses at us because we'd evidently booked through Priceline (this did happen once before at another hotel in London!).Our room wasn't one of the newly renovated rooms, but it was clean. It took us a while to find out how the individual lamps worked as the &quot;main&quot; light in the entrance to the room only lit up that bit. Luckily, we weren't electocuted as one person suggested we might be!The room was close to the lift area, but we heard very little noise/movement. The road outside also seemed to be quite quiet on the Sunday morning.The bathroom is definitely very very tired, but again, it was clean with decent sized and a decent amount of towels. Make sure you use the slip-mat that is provided - you need it!We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as it was £17.50 per person! Instead, there is a Coffee Republic at the top of the street. There are also a few more cafes closer to the Gloucester Road tube station which also seemed to be serving breakfast.All in all, we had a pleasant stay, but I feel sorry for anyone who pays the full price for the room that we had. The room that we stayed in was one of a tired 3 star standard. However, the position of the hotel was fantastic being in a quiet area, very close to a tube station.	
Oct 30 2006 	Decent stay	I spent 3 nights at the Millennium Gloucester during my World Cup stopover. It was difficult to find any good deals on any hotel in London at the time because of the peak summer season and wimbledon etc. so I picked this hotel in the end. Since I was aware of the nasty old rooms from many reviews here, I especially requested to pay extra for the new rooms. Upon my late check in, the new rooms were all taken so I complained and they upgraded me to the Club Floor. The room was in great condition, clean and spacious with a big desk and I was lucky to get that free upgrade for all 3 nights. I slept well throughout and did not have any problem with my room apart from the bathroom which was a little old, but nonetheless very clean. The staff are generally quite helpful but I encountered some which were rude. I understand that they must be stressed or exhausted as beginning of July was their high season, but when you are taking up a job in a service industry, you have no excuse not to be friendly and hospitable to your guests! One female receptionist looked constantly annoyed with my questions and that really put me off as I didnt even ask anything difficult. Location was excellent. Gloucester road has everything you need and if you need to shop or go sightseeing, there is a tube station 30 metres away from the hotel to Westminster area as well as a bus no. 74 to Harrods and Oxford street. My recommendation is, only stay here if you can manage to book yourself in a newer room or on the club floor. Otherwise, it's not worth your money.	
Oct 29 2006 	Lovely hotel inexperienced staff	I am generally impressed with the Millennium Gloucester hotel but not with its management and staff. Located conveniently near the Gloucester Road tube station, the hotel provided us with just what we wanted, two very comfortable adjoining club rooms with a king size bed for mom and dad in one room and twin beds for our two sons in the other, for a 5-day vacation in August. The morning breakfast buffet in the main restaurant was a daily treat. Everything was 100% fine until one evening when the fire alarm rang sometime around midnight, when some careless kids accidentally bumped the emergency switch in the hallway. There was no night manager on duty and the inexperienced staff did not know how to turn the alarm off, so it rang for a long time, at least 30- 40 minutes. Guests poured out of the hotel and milled around outside the front door, many in their pajamas and robes, barefoot. The staff provided no information, even though they knew the alarm was just an accident and had already told the fire department not to send a truck. Eventually they got the alarm turned off, but then they could not get the elevators working again. One employee took a group of us into a back hallway to try the freight elevator, then abandoned us there when he couldn't get that to work, either. Eventually we found our way out to the breakfast room. Finally after maybe another half hour we were allowed to walk up many flights of stairs to our rooms. It was well past 1AM. In the morning I requested a partial refund of the approximately $400 I had spent on the two rooms for the night, considering that we had been needlessly dumped out on the street in pajamas for an extended period in the middle of the night. The staff said no, because the problem was caused by a guest, the hotel was not responsible. Except for this one bad night I really enjoyed this hotel, but under the circumstances I don't think I'll be staying there again. Considering how badly the staff bungled this unfortunate event, I wonder how well they would perform if faced with a legitimate emergency.	
Oct 25 2006 	You can do better elsewhere	As far as the staff is concerned, we had no issues. They addressed any and all problems that they were capable of handling. The problem I have is that when a hotel is rated a four star hotel, one would expect to find the accomodations commenserate with that rating. The room itself was large compared to a lot of London hotels. However, upon entering the room we were immediately overcome by a musty, moldy smell. We turned on the rather antiquated a/c, which had to remain on full-blast for our entire week's stay in order to keep the room cool, and the smell down. The overall condition of the furniture was old, worn and dirty. The bed mattress was of poor quality and did not fit the box spring and frame. As a result, if I moved toward the edge of the bed, the mattress would tip and I would find myself on the floor. In the week that we were there, our sheets were changed only once. The vintage blow dryer that was provided worked for approximately ten seconds and then needed to rest for about a half hour for another ten seconds of operational time. The bathroom was very old looking, with a shower that was about a foot too short for modern man, and a toilet that was pump operated, not unlike those found on small fishing vessels. Food prices at the restaurants were rediculously high. The over-priced beakfast buffet was nothing special; doors to the restaurant didn't open in the am at the scheduled time, and the staff was totally disorganized. I ended up helping put out the serving utensils one morning to sort of &quot;get the show on the road&quot;. This made it difficult to get breakfast before being picked up for morning tours. We enjoy sitting in the lobby to &quot;people watch&quot;. However, every evening there was a large Arab gentleman and his entourage occupying every available seat. One of the doormen told us that he either owned , or managed, the hotel. In either case I would have thought that he and his posse should have found a more suitable location to hold court, while allowing the lobby seating to be used by his guests. On a positive note, in terms of access to a laundromat and transportation, it was great. Two laundries within a couple blocks of the hotel, and the Gloucester road tube station is directly across the street, with direct access to three of the major tube lines. There is also a grocery store, pub and several fast food type restaurtants within a block. It's a shame that the hotel advertised a multi-million pound renovation, and we couldn't experience any of its positive results.	
Oct 21 2006 	Could be a nice hotel but...	A week ago I returned from London where I stayed in Millenium Gloucester. The hotel , or rather the management are in a terrible mess. While we were checking in due to some confusion I was assigned two rooms - I naturally needed just one, for I was on my own. I was not aware that my credit card number was also assigned to the two respective rooms. When my husband started calling me, he was repeatedly connected to the wrong room. Meanwhile, I was struggling with my telephone in room 466, which was dead. Some of the electricity would not work either. I was finally transferred to another room. My card number now was assigned to all the three. Me, naturally, not aware of the fact, until I got a message from the bank that I was charged 400 pounds (While I had prepaid my stay and did not use any services or the bar). It took a real investigation to find out what had happened. Not a very pleasant experience for me. But I was lucky: one of the managers, Birgit, very considerate and really caring, did work it all out. It took actually about two days. I received the apologies, etc. And I am very grateful to Birgit. But the surprises were not over. ON the morning of the 14th of October (I booked the hotel till the 15th) I was informed that I had to leave, since in the records, the date for some mysterious reason was the 14th. It took me again some time to work it out. I am not really mad with the hotel, but for them to really stand up to the 4-star requirements the management should think of how to work out the mess. The hotel is huge. Lots of people are coming and going. Having unprofessional people is in this case a disaster. But the worst thing is that they do not care... With rare exceptions. I do hope the hotel improves. Otherwise, though they certainly get a lot of tourists via tour operators, the reputation will be working against the hotel. Sorry for the gloomy review, but all this mess spoilt part of my holiday.	
Oct 17 2006	Superb location but the hotel.....	This hotel is located in one of the most convenient areas in London. You have the Gloucester Road tube station, many good restaurants, drugstore, grocery stores, convenience stores, etc.. all within a block from the hotel. However, the hotel looks good from the lobby but the rooms and the service need an update. It was cold in London and the first room they gave me had no heat and the TV did not work. It took me 5 calls to the reception and concierge to get someone there to try to fix and after more than 1 hour I decided to pack my bags and ask for a new room. I got to the second room and even they told me it was a non smoking room someone had smoked a lot there and I could not stay in that room. Finally, after more than 3 hours going from one room to the other I got a very decent and renovated room in the 5th floor (called executive level) and the room was very comfortable and newly renovated. However, in the middle of the night even with the heat supposedly working fine I was freezing in the room and I found out there were no blankets available. Again, it took 2 hours for someone show up with a blanket in my room at 3AM. Thus, if you are lucky to get a renovated room and do not need anything from the staff this hotel in a great deal for the location.	
Oct 13 2006	Neighborhood four star not the hotel	Travelers in the know seem to indicate that there is a difference between hotels rated four stars in Europe as opposed to a similar rating in America. I can attest to the truth in this. The Millenium Gloucester, for all of its airs, rates no more than two stars. The neighborhood, though, is great.We recently spent six nights at the Millennium Gloucester. The ornate lobby would seem to indicate a four star experience. Wrong. Once you get off at your floor...ours was the 4th...a certain tiredness materializes. And the room we had enforced this view. While the Millennium Gloucester is advertising that it is upgrading its facilities, apparently such improvement has not come to rest on the 4th floor. Some of the lights in our room did not work. A couple in the bathroom were partiallypainted over, not an indication of four star workmanship. Our window was broken and, upon arrival, the air conditioning was not working. One evening, the entire room lost power and we had to get ready for our evening out in total darkness. Not an easy thing to do. If that event did not indicate ELECTRICAL PROBLEM, the incidents of the fire alarm certainly did. Three times during our stay, the fire alarm went off, once in the middle of the night. The lobby staff was absolutely useless in explaining the cause of the alarm and in rendering any assistance whatsoever. They treated it as a non-event. Sad, especially as many of the guests were quite frightened. Yet, the lobby staff just stood around and did nothing, not even acknowledging that the fire alarm had sounded. Scary.On the good side, the cleaning service was quite good and the cleaning ladies pleasant. The breakfasts and the breakfast staff were also excellent.The neighborhood was A-1, especially due to the proximity of the Gloucester Road underground station. A pleasant walk brings you to the Albert Memorial, Kensington Palace, and the Royal Albert Hall. There is an excellent pub close to the hotel, the Herdford Arms. And there are two foodstores in the immediate vicinity, a Tesco and a Waiterose. Handy for inexpensive food if you don't want to dine out all the time, which gets expensive.All in all, a lacking hotel but an excellent location.	
Sep 28 2006 	Great Hotel-Superb Location	My Mother and I just sayed at the Millenium Glouster--and it was great! I was very surprised to find the hotel room larger than expected (by european standards) and brand new bathroom with great tub and shower--water pressure was wonderful! The rooms were clean and service excellent. The best part--LOCATION! Around the corner from the tube station, several restaurants and pubsand grocery store. The staff was a bit stand offish--but helpful and polite. The &quot;Bugis St&quot; restaurant was very authentic Indonesian /Singapore food at a reasonable price. For us, a taste of home ( we lived in both places) and good quality food. Typical service--a bit slow by american standards--but still good. Overall a great hotel, great location, good service and to our surprise--the room rate got cheaper each day we stayed--why?? I guess after weekend rate ended we were given a weekday rate--a happy surprise for the credit card bill!!	
Sep 26 2006 	A simple but clean place to stay.	I stayed at this hotel for one night last week. It's a busy time in London and most hotels are charging a great deal. I paid 100 GBP plus tax for a double room with a queen size bed, a very affordable price at this time in London. The hotel is simple and fairly clean. The furniture and carpet are quite dated. But the room is good size for two people. Sheets, towels and bath room are clean and sufficient. The location is great, 30 seconds of walk to the tube station. It's less than 10 minutes of ride to most major attractions in London. The hotel has a bar and a restaurant. But they're a little pricey. Around this neighborhood, there're cafes, restaurants and bars, including a Starbucks and a supermarket. A small cafe around the corner serves good English breakfast with freshly squeezed orange juice, at a very reasonable price. If you're looking for a simple, clean and affordable hotel, this is a very good value.	
Sep 25 2006 	Nice	Stayed here Sept 4,5,6, 2006. When we arrived the front desk said there was a problem with our reservation. The air conditioning was broken. So they put us in a cab and sent us to the Mellennium Knightsbridge for one night. A bottle of red wine appeared in out room for the inconvience. The hotel transported us back to the Mellennium Gloucester for the other two nights. The front desk upgraded our room to the Club Floor, and sent us a large plate of mixed fruit. Gloucester Road tube stop on the Piccadilly Line 50 meters away out the back entrance. Breaksfast, price, 35.00 pounds for two people. Had the pleasure to see Guys and Dolls with Patrick Swayze at the Piccidilly Theatre. Nice hotel and would stay here again.	
Sep 24 2006 	Better than expected	Bit of a curate's egg this place - some good some bad -overall I quite liked it.Check in was friendly, quick; rooms weren't ready but we were quite early (12.30) so no problem. We took lunch in the bar adjoining the foyer - very impressed with the food. Some great cold cuts and hors d'oeuvres, a cut above.I rather liked this bar, staff very friendly.The foyer was fine; no evidence of &quot;smokiness&quot; referred to in other reviews.We booked club rooms with interconnecting doors. This meant paying the full rack rate to guarantee it. Haggled but to no avail, so swallowed hard and booked. The hotel is not worth the rack rate, but which is?Rooms a little dated but very good size for London and with 2 chairs per room WHICH ARE ACTUALLY COMFY.The Club Floor does not have any those lovely modern re-furbed rooms evident elsewhere, but they're OK.Club lounge on this floor was very useful - we used it for breakfast, with good choice of cold meats, salmon etc. and a proper decent coffee machine.Some glitches, and the hotel is showing its age. The window in one room would not shut properly. Noisy neighbourhood outside. More seriously both rooms gave out a loud, intermittent buzzing sound - infuriatingly every 10-15 minutes or so - not too loud in the day but enough to wake you in the night . . . which seemed to be related to the aircon unit and sounded exactly like an entryphone buzzer. Arrghh there it goes again! On the plus side the maintenance guy was up like a shot to try and fix it. A very friendly but apparently overworked Russian guy. Did he fix it? Well, sort of.The hotel tried its best to locate a DVD player we could borrow to keep our 4 year old entertained (warning, very poor TV selection); they found one, and even loaned us some kids DVD's. However! It didn't work. Again the Russian chap tried his best to get it going repeatedly but no luck.Overall that's my experience with this hotel. Staff battling (sometimes in vain) against a decaying infrastructure. But somehow I came out liking the staff more than I hated the hotel.Everything else in the reviews about great location etc. is spot on. If you have kids then all the museums are within walking distance and you won't find much better.	
Aug 18 2006 	Dreadful	As a very frequent traveler spending in excess of 100 nights per year in hotels, I have come accross some pretty impressive and equally rough hotels, unfortunately this fits into the latter category.The benefits of staying at this hotel is its location, while it is in the residential district of South Kensington it is located directly opposite of the Gloucester Road Tube station which offers excellent links all over London. Also during the summer months you can take a 30 minute stroll into Harrods and Knightsbridge.However, that is the only thing nice about this hotel. The rooms are horrible, dark dingy, dirty things very outdated. The morning breakfast is unbelievably bad and being served by staff whom speak very little English begins to drive you mental first thing in the morning when you are served by the same person every day and ask every morning for Worcestershire Sauce only to have to go through this whole charades game until she finally gets the only non Eastern European member of staff ( a lovely Filipino lady) whom immediately knows what I wants and goes to get it. This went on for seven mornings like clock work.You then have the excitement of dealing with front desk staff who are more than happy to argue with whatever request you may have and are happy to tell you that you are in fact wrong.Eventually you speak to the hotel manager who apologises and promises that if you stay again things will not be the same. NO THANKS!	
Aug 8 2006 	very convenient	My wife and I stayed at the Millenium Gloucester the first week in July. It was very warm and I was concerned about how comfortable the hotel would be. It was very comfortable!! Our room was on the 2nd floor and was very sufficient-we really didn't spend that much time in it anyway, we were out sightseeing. This week also was the 2nd week of Wimbledon which added to the excitement in the hotel, even with this added excitement we didn't feel crowded or rushed. Transportation was less than a minute walk away, either bus or underground which meant you could access all points of London very easily. Great pubs within walking distance and a plethora of restaurants to choose from made my first visit to London very enjoyable. I'd go back and wouldn't hesitate staying here again.John B.New Jersey	
Jul 27 2006 	Great Location Great Hotel	Just returned from 8 nights at the Millennium Gloucester. We loved the location and had a great time. We found the staff to be really great and helpful especially the Concierge Julie. Great location, it was right around the corner from the underground (Central, Piccadilly and District lines) and a bus stop. We brought a 6 Day London Pass with 7 Day transportation pass. You can get around everywhere by either Bus or Underground it was really easy! Besides transportation being near by there was a shopping center around the corner with a supermarket, Boots (like a CVS), and restaurant &amp; Coffee Shop. Also an Internet Café, Pub, 24 hour Food express store and several restaurants across the street. We also could walk or take the Bus to Kensington Palace &amp; Gardens, Royal Albert Hall and a number of really good restaurants within a ten-minute walk.Hotel had a really nice Continental Breakfast Buffet, which was included in our room. You could upgrade to a full Breakfast Buffet, which was supposed to cost an extra 6 pounds a day. After the second day I asked the Hostess about how I would go about upgrading if I wanted to on a particular day, she said just go ahead and take the full buffet, which we did without extra charge!We did not have the higher priced Club rooms but both my wife &amp; I found them to be big enough and we are pretty big people. In London you don’t spend much time in the room anyway! Every night we were either at a play (1/ 2 price) or at a concert or late dinner. The only complaint was that we were on the first floor and could hear the street noise which sometimes could keep you up, but it didn’t bother us enough to want to change the room after we unpacked.Loved London and would go back again!	
Jul 24 2006 	Negotiate your rate!	Our room was very small, barely big enough for two. But it was clean and quiet. The location is great, around the corner from the Tube and buses, including hop-on hop-off bus. We didn't eat there, too expensive, but went to several restaurants around the corner. There's a coffee maker in the room and we bought breakfast stuff at the Tesco store across the street. Around the corner is a cheap internet place in the video store, as well as a Burger King for a quick snack. We did enjoy the casino in the hotel and took advantage of half price dinners there. Casino membership is free.The front desk staff was a bit curt even when not busy. They definitely need some &quot;people&quot; training. The cafe and casino staff was a lot friendlier. Our first two nights were company-paid and when we wanted to stay four more nights, they quoted us $400 a night for that tiny room with view of a brick wall! We had to call their reservation number and finally got them down to 100 pounds, which is still $200, plus 17% tax. So it's worth it to negotiate.	
Jul 18 2006	Good location but not much else	We stayed at this hotel as it was where are European Tour was commencing from. We were fortunate that we got to stay in a refurbished room on level 4 - others were not so lucky. The lobby smells like an ashtray - the receptionist was rather offhand and dismissive. Our check in time was 2 pm but on arrival shortly after 2 pm the room was still not ready. There was no apology and we were told the hotel was fully booked and we would just have to wait!The only positives were the hotel's location right near the Gloucestor Rd tube station and just a 15 minute walk to Harrods, Hyde Park and plenty of attractions nearby. The breakfast was also excellent. On the second day the hotel's hot water system packed up so we all had cold showers!	
Jul 16 2006 	No Room at the Inn	I had a room reserved at the Millennium Gloucester. When I got there, I was asked to come away from the desk and was told by the manager that they had no room available. I was then moved to the Millennium Knightsbridge. They paid my cab fare over, but as I was staying with another person it was a real inconvenience.	
Jul 13 2006 	Ok if You Wish to Stay at Faulty Towers	This lot make Faulty Towers look like a well-run machine. I can't even begin to list the problems with this place. But if you are traveling in the summer and expecting air conditioning...do your self a favor and go elsewhere. The staff keep the lobby at a cool 12 degrees while you swelter in your rooms! Oh, and don't expect there to be any hangers or a working safety box either.	
Jun 28 2006	Very pleasant at the millennium gloucester	After reading some reviews here we were a little nervous about staying at the millennium gloucester. I can say however that we were pleansantly surprised. We stayed on the 7th floor in a club room which was smartly appointed, clean and updated. The staff was helpful and the location central. I would certainly stay here again and found it a good value for the money. We took a couple of Evan Evans tours which used this as the pick up for Kensington area-saved us alot of time in the morning.	
Jun 17 2006 	Good 4* deluxe hotel	I stayed at the Millennium as part of a conference and was upgraded to a 'Business Club' room. This is different to a 'Club' room, being much more contemporary, and all the better for it. This room had a definite Asian quality to it, with light wood panelling, great linen, big bed, comfortable leather arm chair and good desk area. I very much enjoyed this room, which had excellent lighting and a great feeling of space.Public areas at this hotel are pleasant, and again have Asian overtones. The only possible question is whether they are large enough. The small hotel bar gets busy. The lobby and bar area have no real natural daylight and so feel a little dark. I was not overly impressed by breakfast in SW7. The choice wasn't great and the quality very average. The tables were too close together for comfort and the heavy chairs difficult to move in and out. Room service was efficient and of a high enough standard. Would be very pleased to stay here again on business, but personally, as a hotel enthusiast, would look for something more distinctive for a leisure stay in London.	
Jun 12 2006 	Great new rooms at the Gloucester	I've stayed at the Millennium Gloucester on numerous occasions in the past as I have found the location ideal (30m from Gloucester Rd Tube station), as I am a big fan of kensington and it is very easy to get to, both from the airport, and the centre of town.On this occasion I was fortunate enough to stay in one of their newly refurbished bedrooms and I found it to be a very comfortable indeed. The rooms have always been a good size (unusual for London), but the new rooms are bright, well equiped and well laid out.The staff were very helpful as always, especially the concierge, who were able to get theatre tickets that I had been unable to get elsewhere.If you are planning on staying in Kensington I can highly receommend the Millennium Gloucester, which I feel offers very good value for money.	
Jun 9 2006	Reasonable comfort in central Location	Reoasonably comfortable stay at this hotel. Good location near the Tube. Good breakfast. Main gripe was the small room, but is was nicely furnished. All in all it is to be recommended, but it is a bit overpriced.	
Jun 9 2006	Made our stay in London!	I stayed in London recently whilst in town for the theatre with my husband. Would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone...I stay over in London regularly for work and am going to tell my manager that we should stay here. The rooms are fab having just been refurbished and walking into the lobby definitely makes you feel like you are living the high life! Not to say that it was expensive - we got our room online for £99. The staff were great and helped us with pre-theatre restaurant choices (even booking it for us!).The Millennium Gloucester Hotel was great and we're already looking for another excuse to stay again in the future!!	
Jun 6 2006	Great stay for business and leisure and it did not cost the world	Stayed at the the Millennium Gloucester late May 2006. Check in was very quick and the staff were on the ball.Booked a standard room was very surprised with the quality for London. Large room very well decorated. I understand that the 4th floor has under gone a refurbishment and it looks good. The room was very modern with loads of room to work in the evening.Orderd room service from the Chinese Restaurant bugis Street I think, what an excellent idea and change from the ususal boring hotel menu's. The food was tasty and very authentic.The location is good opposite Gloucester Road tube station so great access to the theatre district and also to the airport, I got the tube to the hotel and it took 35 mins and on my return jumped into a cab and it took 50 mins. The tube was I think £4.00 and very easy.Check out was fine.Great Hotel great location.	
May 30 2006 	Great service and warm welcome	This property definitely caters for both the business traveller that I am as well as for the leisure traveller wanting to stay at a four-star property ideally situated in London.Although access/entrance is probably unimpressive, staff welcome and room design make this hotel &quot;home&quot; at first glance!I've as usual driven staff crazy with requests and questions (inc. late in-room dinner, questions on high-speed internet access, express check-out) and have been helped in a timely and very professional manner.Leaving the hotel at the early hours of the day for a run in the Park is just perfect and breakfast buffet is a truly comforting time...Try it out :-)Juju	
May 15 2006	Rude Staff- Do NOT stay here	I have never written a review before, but I want to spare others from staying at this hotel. I work in a hotel myself and I am aware that things are not always perfect or as comfartable as home, but this hotel was terrible in every aspect, except the location. The Staff was very rude and condescending. They do not have air conditioning, even though they moved us to another room and told us they did. They charged us for six items from the minibar that we did not take out, however they did take it off our bill. The halls smell very musty and you will not get the type of room you requested unless you complain. Even with the problems we had I would not have written this review if the staff had been pleasant, being in the hospitality industry I know that customer service is the most important aspect of a hotel and the MG has the worst staff of any hotel I have stayed at.	
Apr 25 2006	You'd be smart to stay elsewhere	The location is the only good thing to be said about this hotel. The rooms are old and tired, to match the attitude of the off-hand employees. The Air Conditioning never works (changed rooms on several occasions, and they all have this problem) and there is a &quot;musty&quot; and stale smell throughout.Do yourself a favor- Find somewhere else to stay.	
Apr 14 2006 	Absolutely delighted with Millennium Gloucester - just renovated rooms	Stayed 4 nights at the Millennium Gloucester Hotel at the end of April. The rooms on the 1st and 4th floors are newly renovated, which is excellent! Decor is minimalist, nicely designed (good new beds and linens). Room size is great by London standards. I was delighted with my stay! Breakfast buffet has a very good spread of cooked breakfast, cereal, fruits and a oriental selection of porridge and pickles. Location is very convenient with Gloucester Road station (picadilly line) right at the doorstep! Many restaurants round the location. I would highly recommend a stay there.	
Mar 28 2006	Great for Priceline; Disappointing at full price	We landed this hotel at 80 dollars a night on priceline, so we were psyched to say the least. Anything lower than 150 bucks that is liveable in London is decent (think NY hotel prices). It was absolutely worth the 80 dollars and then some. It is NOT a 4 star hotel and is not worth the prices they ask. This hotel is only a good idea if you get it on priceline, or get a special deal otherwise.For tourists, the location is amazing - you are literally next to a tube stop with 3 lines and a double decker tourist bus stop. you also have all the other things in the area - convenience store, fast food, starbucks, pharmacy, pubs, restaurants...a few things to be warned of - #1 it may be a while to get a room if you get there early - no worries, the concierge will take your bags. just go to the hereford arms a little ways down gloucester road and have some pints (i like it better than the stanhope arms, which is a little closer) the really great pubs in london are not in this neighborhood (check out Fancyapint for a great guide). #2 some people have problems with their rooms. one person we knew staying there had a problem with their toilet and had to ask to be moved. our room smelled like an ashtray, but we're smokers, so we didnt care. otherwise, it was great, really a tremendous value, perfect if you just want a good bed, shower, and toilet in a good location.feel free to contact me if you have other questions.	
Mar 24 2006	Not Great but Pretty Good	Stayed at Millennium Gloucester for four nights in mid-March. After reading other reviews, I was worried about the quality of this hotel, especially the standard (non-Club) rooms. As others have noted, the hotel is located in a great neighborhood. Literally across the street from an underground station, restaurants, a bank, ATMs, a grocery store, and a 24-hour convenience store. It's a short walk to the Natural History Museum and the V&amp;A Museum and a bit further (maybe 20min)to Harrods. The main lobby is quite nice -- and meets expectations for a 4-star hotel. It's grand; people open the door when you walk in; concierge, etc. When I checked in at 2pm, I was told that my room was not ready and that I would have to wait 30min. After thirty minutes, I inquired again and was told that my room would be ready in approx. 50min. Having travelled all day and eager to relax in the room, I requested any available room and ended up getting a twin room rather than the queen-room that I requested.The room, located on the third floor, was fairly typical of a hotel room that you would get in the States. Same size. Minibar. The room was clean and did not seem worn. However, the bathroom wall tiles had a few chips.Check-out was uneventful. Overall, it was a good stay.	
Mar 18 2006	Smart hotel	Conveniently situated hotel next to Gloucester Road Underground station, with useful shops, supermarkets, banks, post office, bars &amp; restaurants close at hand.I only ever stay in a Club room, so no idea what the other rooms are like, but I have always been pleased with my accommodation. Large comfortable King sized bed – I always have an excellent nights sleep. Good sized room, although the bathrooms are a little small. Free dinks in the Club lounge.Excellent breakfast - Continental, traditional English and Japanese. I tend to have a bit of everything and it more than keeps me going until the evening!It is a shame that there is not a health suite as I would certainly welcome one!I recommend this hotel!	
Mar 13 2006	Great Choice in London	Stayed here for a week for our first visit to London. Had read negative reviews and was apprehensive but should not have been. We were upgraded to the club floor, room was spacious and clean, bed was large and comfortable. Lighting is very poor in room and did not like the hair dryer in the drawer. Staff responded to any request quickly. The hot breakfast buffet was very tasty. Concierge personnel were not helpful except for Julie, who was indeed a great help. Did not like the smoking in the main reception area of the hotel. Location of the hotel was great, the tube is just across the street and so easy to use. Convenience store, Starbucks, a great pub, etc. just across the street. Hotel has nice bar. Would definetely stay here again. Was a great experience for our first visit to Europe.	
Mar 13 2006	Weekend at Millennium Gloucester	This hotel is very convenient for getting around london. It is literally a stone's throw away from Gloucester Road Station which sits on 3 different underground lines and is very convenient for shopping on Kensington High Street, Knightsbridge (Harrods) etc.Two pieces of advice about staying in this hotel: 1) We stayed on the 4th floor, looking out of the elevator at lower floors, the 4th appears much nicer.2) Our first morning we had a beautiful breakfast in the downstairs restaurant, plenty of choice, all the food was hot and the staff very friendly and helpful. You have nice tables and waiter service for any other needs beside the buffet, such as hot toast; pots of tea/coffee; special egg orders -such as eggs benedict etc. In contrast, on our second morning we were a little later and were sent to the conservatory on the 2nd floor for breakfast. The buffet was cold as it was all sitting on double boiler things, cold eggs, cold bacon, undercooked cold sausages. You were not offered toast or any pots of tea/coffee, instead it was served from lukewarm jugs. Therefore if possible stay downstairs!My boyfriend took me to London for the weekend as a birthday treat. We booked the millennium gloucester via a discount hotel website and paid £39.50pp/pn (inc Full breakfast). We telephoned in advance to request an early check-in as we were arriving on friday morning and wanted to check in early to make the most of the day. I was told on the telephone that it could be requested but not guaranteed. After being told this we decided not to go too early after all and arrived at 1pm -Our room was not ready. We left our two bags with the consierge and went off for some lunch. At 2.15 we were told the room was still not ready, when I said that we had actually requested an early check-in and it was now past ordinary check-in time (2pm) they telephoned up to housekeeping and found that the room was ready after all. We were on the 4th floor which did appear to be one of the much nicer floors. Our room was spacious and the bed a very nice size. It was very clean and all the furniture appeared new. We had a meal in the Bugis Street restaurant which is part of the hotel and serves Singaporean food. Althouh the restaurant is not especially fancy the food was very nice. We also had a meal in Olives, another restaurant, which has a much fancier surrounding. It was a little on the expensive side with fillet steak at £18.50 each, but we very much enjoyed it and the puddings were to die for! They do a very inexpensive special menu at c£25 for 3 courses.Overall I had a lovely stay in the hotel and a wonderful weekend. For the money we spent, this hotel was great value I would stay here again.	
Mar 9 2006	Nice hotel nice price for London	I stayed at the Millenium Gloucester in early March '06. The hotel is undergoing a renovation, and the new decor is euro chic. Very comfortable. The older rooms are threadbare and dark. The lobby of the hotel is very comfortable, with nice fireplace and decor. The meeting rooms and convention areas are timeworn and a little shabby. Staff is helpful and polite. The hotel has several restaurants, all of which are okay. The hotel is within walking distance of the V and A museum and Harrods and there are lots of shops and restaurants in the area.	
Mar 4 2006	Be Warned	Booked the room a week ahead only to be told on arrival that they had no rooms left. Reception was very off hand about this so it looks like it happens often, they booked me into another hotel but i wasn,t given any choice.	
Feb 25 2006	Average...suitable for flight attendants	Just a very average hotel. Rooms boring, staff dull and food even more so. Their sister hotel Millenium Mayfair is a real gem. Stay there spend the extra money. HUGE rooms and nice staff and food and more central. Gloucester is a hotel that suits large groups or flight crews. Not a holiday person.	
Feb 13 2006	Brilliant - Thank you!	Arrived at MG having read some negative reviews, and travelling on a cheapie weekend deal through a local agent, but we were delighted. Checked in without problem, staff very friendly. Room had been upgraded to a 'Club', and we were more than pleased. Never slept in such a large comfy bed before!Bar staff extremely efficient and welcoming, prices also good for London!Breakfast was also very good, staff very efficient, and dealt with a full restaurant without problem.The location is brilliant, everything we wanted in one area. Stayed in Copthorne Tara previously and it was a bit off the beaten track. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone. Thankyou!!!!!	
Jan 27 2006	A perfectly adequate hotel!	Having read some of the reviews here, I was expecting the worst of the Millennium Gloucester. I was mistaken to worry.What I discovered was a perfectly adequate hotel, in a fantastic location. The room was a respectable size (for London), with a good sized bathroom and dressing area. The bed was big. Some reviewers have complained that the decor is dated; I imagine it was decorated some time in the 1990s. Our room was not threadbare, damp or shabby. Check-in was smooth; doormen and cloakroom staff were cheerful and polite. My only complaint is that the room appeared to have been smoked in.Admittedly, we only stayed here for a weekend break, but I can imagine it would be a great location for longer-term tourists. It's a pleasant, 10-minute stroll to the Natural History Museum and just 10 minutes further to Harrods and the fabulous shops in Knightsbridge. Locally, you have the choice of smart/expensive restaurants (Bombay Brasserie), Waitrose supermarket (which is excellent) or Tesco metro for bits and pieces, or KFC and Burger King for those who need a junk food fix. There is also a branch of Paul's (baker's) across the road, where the yummiest almond croissants in London can be found (buy them when they're warm). Most importantly, the tube stop is just 15 seconds away. For £60 off lastminute, I was very happy with the Millennium Gloucester.	
Jan 26 2006	Cold and Charmless	Got moved here after a another hotel in the area double booked me. Foyer is large expansive and draughty. Carpets and corridors are very brown. Room has tired decor and paintwork and was cold!!! Advised to put A/C onto warm setting, but it produced more noise than warm air. In the early hours I got the conciegre to bring a fan heater, but it stopped working after 10 minutes. At least the bath water was hot. Which is more than I can say for the bacon at breakfast.I know it was a cold day for London, but it wasn't below zero outside. I really don't recommend this hotel in the winter......	
Jan 24 2006	Liked the Gloucester a lot	The only downside of our stay was the check in. They only received 1 of our 2 internet reservations &amp; we had a slightly anxious wait for 10 minutes or so before it was resolved to our complete satisfaction.Felt very clean &amp; comfortable in the rooms, food was excellent &amp; came quickly both in room &amp; bar service. Breakfast was extremely good.What stopped it being excellent was the lack of good lighting in the room &amp; the roar of the kitchen from outside the window (which I quickly got used to)	
Jan 24 2006	Not as bad as others have said...	Having booked this hotel before I saw the recent reviews, I was very worried about my forthcoming stay. Previous reviews had led me to believe that this would not be the pleasant, relaxing weekend break I expected. There WAS a problem when we arrived - one of the bookings had gone astray - but this was sorted out very quickly and efficiently. I got the impression that it really was the reservation system at fault; no deliberate policy to mistreat customers. I'd strongly suggest taking a printed copy of your booking confirmation though... just in case.The hotel was well-appointed and rooms (standard, not club) had everything you'd need, all in working order, clean and tidy. The carpet on the corridors were a little frayed in places but this is only to be expected. The general upkeep of the place was NOWHERE NEAR as bad as I had been led to believe from other recent reviewers and all my worries were unfounded.Due to personal circumstances, I had to ask the hotel for special treatment in a couple of areas (getting the room serviced at a specific time and within a small time-span etc) and found them helpful and efficient.All in all, I had a very pleasant stay. I can't say the hotel was any more than average for a 4* London hotel but it was certainly not any worse than normal.	
Jan 15 2006	Disappointing stay at the Millennium Gloucester	WE stayed for one night at the MG as it was conveniently located and the price seemed right.Upon arrival we were told that we were being upgraded to a Club room. What this actually meant was - we had to put up with 2 twin beds instead of a double. The lighting in the room was very bad and there was a shortage of bathroom accessories (no hair dryer) and very limited tea and coffee supplies. The breakfast was excellent - but at a cost of £17.50 per head I should think it would be. Next time we will insist on keeping our standard room with a double bed - but we will not be staying here again.	
Jan 15 2006	great value - as a pitstop	have to agree with earlier reviewer about reservation system (and check in). Arriving early meant I didn't get the room requested. Not a huge problem but annoying as it did affect my choice of this hotel. Other than that many positives. Club floors are a good choice for the money - under £100 a night for quiet, pleasant furnishings in spacious rooms. Excellent location - 1 minute from the tube and lots of shops, incl a Waitrose, for useful personal minibar type shopping. Club rate includes a lounge for complimentary teas, coffees which was fine (empty) but a little soul destroying. The bar and restaurant - SW7 serves a good buffet breakfast - which is included in the Club rate. Well worth using. All in all good if attending something in the area and you can;t face the shlep home. Not the place for a special occasion - too bland and the staff weren't the friendliest or most helpful you'll come across, even round here.	
Jan 10 2006	An average hotel	We stayed at the Millennium Gloucester for 3 nights. It was a special occasion (my 40th birthday) so we decided to splash out and stay somewhere a bit up-market. We booked one of the hotel's &quot;luxurious&quot; Club rooms. On arriving at the hotel we were impressed with the lobby area but soon found that the rest of the hotel did not live up to our expectations. We were allocated a room on the 7th floor. On getting out of the lift, there was a very strong smell of damp on the whole corridor. This was also present in our room, along with stained carpets, threadbare furniture and a big patch of damp peeling off the wall. We were really disappointed as we'd expected something much nicer going on the hotel's descriptions. The first word that comes to mind is shabby. We asked to be moved to a better room and after some reluctance we were given a room on the 5th floor. This room was better although still very disappointing. It looked like it had been decorated fairly recently but was in a contemporary style which made it seem cold and uninviting. The smell of damp was still present on the corridors. We had some problems with the air conditioning and heating and had to ask for an electric heater as our room was so cold. The hotel was very obliging and sorted this out immediately.Overall I would rate this hotel as very average. The descriptions of the rooms are very misleading. I also think they allocate rooms depending on how much you've paid. So if you get it cheaper through an internet agent, watch out because they'll try and fob you off with the worst rooms.On the plus side, the staff were helpful and the rooms were clean. As mentioned by previous reviewers, the location of the hotel is the best thing about it as it is right next to the tube station and within walking distance of the museums.Despite our disappointment with the hotel, and the bitterly cold weather, we had a brilliant weekend in London and plan to return later this year to see the sights that we missed. Next time, however, we will definitely NOT be staying at the Millennium Gloucester!	
Jan 9 2006	Loved the MG	We stayed at the Millenium Gloucester Hotel for ten days in October of 2005.We booked this hotel online as part of a package.It was the MOST conveniently located hotel I have ever stayed at. We were just steps away from the underground. There were many local businesses in the area where we could get a good meal, purchase personal items, grocerys etc.The room we originally booked was their standard room. After viewing the room however, and finding it very tired and worn looking, we asked if we might upgrade to a &quot;Club&quot; level roomThe desk manager was very kind and informed us that for an additional 30 pounds per night we could upgrade to a business club room that included breakfast each morning.We feel this was one of the best decisions we made for our entire trip!Not only was our room beautiful but we loved our breakfast each morning. It was not a hot breakfast but it was more than adequate. There were a variety of fruits, cereals, rolls, juices, coffee and tea.The staff that served us each morning made us feel welcome and were always there to help us when needed.We would definitely stay at this hotel in the future.	
Jan 3 2006	Appalling Reservation Management	Following previous Tripadvisor reports about bookings not honoured, I telephoned the day before arrival. There was &quot;no record&quot; of the booking made through Superbreak. This was then &quot;sorted&quot; following several calls including the hotel and Superbreak together.The hotel confirmed to me that the problem had been resolvedOn arrival - no record of the booking. Without the written confirmation, I would have been sunk. &quot;We are completely full&quot; More hurried calls then &quot;we will give you the rooms exactly as booked (&quot;trust me&quot;)&quot; but we need time to prepare them.3 hours later we are offered two twins rather than twin and double. Shouting at the Duty Manager loud enough to cause appropriate attention from other guests finally produced an offer of a suite. However this just had two double beds so my son had to sleep in the open part on a roll away.Hotel itself is reasonable but in need of some refurbishment. But I cannot recommend a Hotel so incapable of honouring bookings.	
Dec 5 2005	Reserved room unavailable due works told find somewhere else upon arrival	Having made a reservation a good week ago, I arrived late Sunday night (having called to warn I'd be late) to be told to find somewhere else ! Clearly the hotel overbooks - a large number of rooms are being refurbished (c. 100) - so obviously if you don't arrive early you won't get a room. I persisted as it was so late so managed to stay the night. Room stank of cleaning fluid.Breach of contract comes to mind - incredible way of doing business, especially from a hotel with 4 stars. Goodness only knows who gives these stars out. Come to think of it, it's the Tourist Board and Local Council (Kensington). Must get in contact !As so often, management attention stops at the reception area design.	
Dec 5 2005 	Appalling - Avoid at all costs	I had originally booked this hotel because they had a car park. After a really long drive in heavy traffic of over 8 hours I arrived at the hotel to book in.The receptionist took my details, she confirmed that they had my reservation and then she said there was a problem and that the hotel rooms were not finished. She told me to take a seat and that someone would speak to me. I had to wait over fifteen minutes for the duty manager to come over to me, while in the meantime other people were turning up and being booked into their rooms. When the duty manager finally turned up she said that she was moving me to a different hotel. She was not in the slightest way apologetic and offered no compensation.If I hadn't been so tired I would have argued with her but all I wanted was a bed to get some sleep.From other posts it appears that this might be a regular occurrence with this hotel of moving guests to other hotels. So if you want really really bad customer service and to take a lottery if you will actually be staying at the hotel or a different hotel then I would recommend booking this hotel.	
Dec 4 2005	Had great experience	Wow, i'm surprised at the negative reviews for this hotel. I stayed here this past August for a week and was extremely pleased. The location can't be beat--two steps to tube, market across the street.The difference may be that I booked a Club Room. These are on the upper floors. The room was very large and clean. Spacious bath with large vanity, towel warmers, etc. The hallways were nicely decorated, bright, and again clean. Best part, you're given access to a private breakfast suite on the top floor. Lovely room with two private servers, world papers, big screen tv and great buffet. It was like having our own private butler each morning. I believe the Club Room w/ breakfast was only like $30.00 US more than for a regular room and obviously worth it.	
Nov 30 2005	I dare you stay here . . .	...On arrival at this hotel (27 NOV 05), it doesn't look that bad with an unusual tunnel style entrance. The doormen open the door and are helpful. The lobby looks fairly impressive and buzzing. Check-in is quick and painless and the lifts are sparkling and modern and thats where all if anything good about this hotel experience ends. ...The word 'experience' becomes no longer apt and 'nightmare' seems more fitting. On arrival to my floor and on exiting the lifts there lies a darker reality. The change from entering this hotel and into the lobby to exiting the lifts and making your way to your room is incomprehensible. The shabbiness of the corridors is immediately noticeable. I began to dread entering my room. The swipe card goes in, the door opens and .......Yes on inspection there was torn wallpaper hanging off the walls, and yes it was late november and the heating in the room was not working and yes the windows were so badly fitted that a chilling draft could be felt on the floor of the room and yes there was a thin bedsheet provided and oddly no duvet given the climate and yes there were dozens of bathroom tiles that were cracked or missing and yes i could go on about how aged,filthy and poorly maintained the rooms and bathroom were but i'm sure you've got the picture.......What did i learn then? That NO! This isn't the 4 star deluxe rating it gives itself and NO! That nobody should go here under the impression that they will experience anything near 4 star quality. My work finds me staying in different london hotels a couple of times a week and this is the worst hotel i've stayed in for the past 4 years and i've stayed in many. The staff are helpful at first but if you complain about anything their tone changes instantly from caring to uncaring. Quit simply don't stay at this hotel unless your acustomed to the standards of living you'd find in a slum...	
Nov 24 2005 	Some confusion and small flaws but overall okay	I had been staying in a 2 star hotel in the same area before I checked in at the Millenium Gloucester, so I was excited to be in a 4 star hotel where I have a nicer bedroom, bathroom and service. Upon entrance, I was pleased, conceirge, bellboy, someone who opens the door for me, very nice looking lobby and reception area. Checking in was pleasant, so far everything you would expect from a 4 star hotel. However, once I was done checking in, it started going slightly downhill from there. I had 3 bags and a very big suitcase, and there was no offer to help me get them to my room, which by the way was the very last one on a very long corridor. Once I got into the room, I discovered that it was not in that good of a shape, carpet was quite old and there were tears in the wallpaper. Nothing too extreme though, I can let that pass, even in a 4 star hotel. The bathroom was nice, not big, but efficient and well appointed. Even has a towel warmer on the wall, and exactly one towel. No vanity kit, just soap and shampoo, seems like they're a bit tight on supply here. On my booking, I requested on Queen or King size bed, but my room has 2 twin beds. So I called downstairs to ask if I could change to another room with just one big bed. She said the rooms are full but she can ask if housekeeping can put the 2 twin beds together for me and will call me back. 2 hours later, no call back. So I called again, this time I seemed to have gotten to a different hotel by dialing 0 like I did the last time. They are connected however and can transfer my call. A different woman picked up and I asked for one King size bed again, she said fine, she will get someone to come up and take my luggage. Again, time went by and no one came. I called again, and again, got through to the other hotel, they transferred, this time it is the original person on the phone. I asked her when the porter was coming up and she had no clue what I was talking about and that there definitely is not a room with a King size bed I can move to. Should I be confused yet?Once my bed was finally put together my stay was fine. A little unpleasant surprise at the end when I checked out though -- I was charged 5 pounds for making two 0800 calls. Quite steep, considering a lot of hotels don't charge anything to call 0800 numbers. Overall, fantastic location and very nice looking place, rooms need updating and refurbishment, service and communication lacking somewhat. I would come back, but next time I'd be a lot more specific and cautious about the small things.	
Oct 30 2005	Dishonest Hotel - one to avoid	We booked two rooms at this hotel in late July. When we got there after a long journey from the airport, we were told by the reception that no room was available (despite pre booking 2 months in advance) as there &quot;were some problems with my hotel room&quot;. At the reception, I saw them checking in other customers and questioned why there was no problem with other customer's room. The reply was they are corporate customers and they need to look after them! The message is DO NOT GO THERE unless you are a corporate customer. You will be treated as a second rated customer.If they knew there was a problem, they could at least attempt to contact me (I am based in London) in advance but they could not be bother. We were transffered to the &quot;sister&quot; hotel in Knightsbridge but no apologies or compensation from the hotel.	
Oct 29 2005	As a last resort.......	I had the misfortune of staying in this hotel as it was part of a conference package.I was amazed to find I was in apparently one of the better rooms. It was shabby, tired, with broken fixtures and fittings in the bathroom, disgustingly dirty windows and frames (on the inside). It was also very noisy and I was on the higher floors.I cannot find anything positive to say about this hotel other than the fact that it is easily accessible by the Gloucester Road tube station.Management at this hotel really need to take a good look at what they have got there and pull their finger out.Only as an absolute last resort would I go there again.	
Oct 13 2005	Stay only in Club Level Rooms	My wife and I have stayed in this hotel and others in the South Kensington area. The location is one of the best for first time visitors due to its proximity to the Glouster Road tube station and several good pubs and shops within a block. We recommend the Bugis Singapore restaurant adjacent to the hotel for a reasonably priced dinner, and the Hereford Arms Pub just down the street for very good pub food and extremely friendly service. The Club Rooms are of a much higher quality and better maintained that the regular rooms. Our only complaint was that the king size bed was hard and not of good quality. The room is quite large, even by American standards, and clean. We paid 105 pounds per night for a Club Level room, which included a decent continental breakfast in their sixth floor Club Level lounge. Our room had a safe, quality robes and a large desk. The internet and long distance phone service in room are very expensive and we recommend that you go across the street to the Holiday Inn where they have free internet service in the lobby.The staff is ok but a little stiff. Again, if you wish to stay here, make sure you book a Club Level room.	
Sep 30 2005	Worst Hotel I've EVER stayed at!!!	Ok..I can deal with walls that are torn and dirty, tape on the rugs to keep people from tripping, and no coin operated phone in the hotel. I can also deal with the fact that if you open the door to the mini refrigerator and remove anything even to look at it, you will automatically be charged. My sister put a sandwich in the mini refrigerator and a soda fell out. We were charged 6 pounds for it instantly. We called the front desk and they removed it. But be warned, you will be charged if you remove anything!!!All this is just fine, I only stay at the hotel to sleep. But this is the very problem. When we checked in for our first of five nights stay, my father woke up to find he had been bitten all over his stomach by BED BUGS. We talked to the management and they moved our room but never apologized. The last night there, we talked to a higher manager and she apologized but did nothing else. She said they had the room cleaned but found nothing so it was not the fault of the hotel. I've stayed at other hotels in the Millennium chain and they were just fine. The only good thing about this hotel was the location to the subway. Its right across the street. There are a number of other hotels, like the Holiday Inn that are just an additional 3 minute walk from the same subway. Next time I'll try them. I will never stay at any Millennium hotels again!!!	
Sep 29 2005	Awful	The Millenium Gloucester was an awful hotel. The rooms were in serious need of a face lift. Rugs and curtains were dirty and spotted. Lamps and other fixtures were in need of replacement. Some were broken. The elevator doors were full of spots and dirt. I asked for a different room and was shown another room in basically the same shape. The rooms are also very small. Do not stay there!!	
Sep 27 2005	Millennium Gloucester a great stay	I had a 4 night stay at the Millennium Gloucester and was very pleased. The room was good size, very clean and comfortable, and defininely 4-star caliber. The staff were efficient and pleasant, and I didn't get overcharged for 1-800 phone calls to my calling card access number (2.50 pounds, I think). You simply can not beat the location, just a few steps from the Gloucester tube station, and there are a plethora of eating choices right near the hotel. The central location of the hotel and the numerous food/shopping options nearby make this a great hotel. If I ever bring my kids with me, I would probably check out the Holiday Inn which is right across the street from the M.G. hotel and may have better rates, although I don't know if their room size/ameneties could compare. I booked the hotel through Hotels-r-us which included a free breakfast, which was very nice each morning. I highly recommend this hotel, but I've noticed the price can vary widely. I wouldn't pay more than $250/night for it, althought it is hard to beat. Definitely would stay here again at anything less than $250/night.	
Sep 27 2005 	May Stay if Timing is Right	Visited last year over the Thanksgiving holiday. Thinking of doing the same this year but my flight arrives in London area at 8:30 am. Had the same problem on my last trip to this hotel and the front desk made me wait until 1 pm for a room. After 8 hours traveling overnight, this was not a pleasant experience and got the trip off to a bad start. Rooms were clean enough but not perfect. Location to Tube, Pubs, Fast Food Chains and 24/7 Convenience Store was prime. Would stay there again if flight schedule allowed or if on a tight budget.	
Sep 25 2005	Traveler from Overland Park KS	Arrived at the hotel on Sept. 14 and stayed 8 nights. Staff were a little stiff but helpful. Stayed in room 465. The room was around the corner from the elevators and sufficiently above the street to be reasonably quiet. Did not see the hallway problems mentioned by others. Sure the paper had some nicks or cuts, like most hotels, but nothing bad. Lighting in the hallways and room was adequate. There was a corner torche lamp that did a good job of lighting up the room. The carpet was stained, due to its light color, a poor choice for a hotel room. The rest of the room was about the same as a US hotel, no real problems. Any items that needed attention by housekeeping, were responded to within an hour.Access to the tube across the street and nearby bus stops was a real plus. Restaurants around the area were very good and gave a cross section of choices. A little mall by the tube had a pharmacy and food store which were very useful. We used a calling card, so that each long distance call from the room had a charge of about $4 tagged on it. Not that expensive compared to what you spent around London. This hotel is great for the price I got on Priceline and I would recommend to you for your travel.	
Sep 21 2005	Comfortable hotel convenient location helpful staff	I booked the Millennium Gloucester through Priceline at a rate that seemed too good to be true, and after reading the reviews here I was prepared for the worst. Fortunately, the hotel exceeded my expectations. Nice lobby, very helpful staff, and a terrific location. True, the room was rather dark and slightly small by American standards. However, it was spotlessly clean, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was bright and cheerful with a bathtub designed for a giant. The room was well equipped, with a minibar (more on that later!), tea-making facilities, and a safe large enough to hold a small laptop computer as well as a fairly large SLR camera with a couple of lenses. I arrived at 8:00 am and the hotel desk clerk found a room for me immediately, even though their official check-in time is 2pm. However, it seems that early check-in is the exception rather than the rule. The hotel caters to large tour groups and cruise lines, and most mornings the lobby was filled until around noon -- or later --with groups of tourists waiting for their rooms to become available. The only problem I experienced was with the infamous minibar. I had a bottle of juice from the minibar when I arrived. I checked my bill online a few minutes later and the charge had been entered correctly. However, the following afternoon two new charges appeared, totalling more than $60.00. (I assume that when housekeeping replaced the juice, they bumped a few other items, which triggered the minibar's sensor.) The problem was quickly resolved and the hotel removed the charges from my bill with no questions asked. It's not the Ritz, but the Millennium Gloucester is a very pleasant hotel in a very convenient location. Would I stay here again? Absolutely!	
Sep 14 2005	Exceeded my expectations	I was very worried about this hotel. We stayed in May for our anniversary and got it on priceline for $88/nite. What hotel in london is that cheap??But when we got there it was a decent size room, a little old and dingy but very much like an American hotel. we were also able to check in right away at 9am. They too offered us the upgrade to club level but its not worth it.The location is great. Cute pubs down the street and a grocery across. The tube station is on 3 lines. Buy the weekly tube card b/c its the cheapest and easiest way to get around.I would stay there again at the same rate but not more than that	
Sep 4 2005	A good choice if you're on a budget	The Millennium Gloucester is better situated than the Hilton Olympia or the other hotels on Kensington High Street, right on the corner from the Gloucester road tube and near restaurants, shops and two groceries including a 24 hour Tesco Express. A caveat, though Gloucester Road provides easy tube access to London and Heathrow on the Piccadilly line, it also feels like a tourist ghetto. I got the Millennium Gloucester for stays in June, '05 for Priceline bids around $82. I prefer the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum immediately across the street, but that has become a rarity on Priceline. The Millennium is comfortable enough though the décor is rather tired (Greco-Roman bordello in shades of brown, green and gilt) and due for refurbishment. I put photos at realhotelphotos.com. There is no Internet access, instead they offer you an upgrade to a club room that has full internet access and breakfast included for the not-very-bargain price of £30 per night (next stay they wanted £35). I declined. Of course, this meant walking about the streets with my laptop pointing it in various directions like a lunatic with a divining rod, scouring the area for stray wireless signals. I found one about 2 blocks away – walk up Cromwell Road or Courtfield Road away from London (to the left) about two blocks towards the Holiday Inn, the church steeple or the Sainsbury’s. Kensington House’s wifi network can be picked up there as far away as a block.Standard amenities in the room include an ironing board, trouser press, and a minibar with barely enough space to put in your own food and signs in it saying that items moved will automatically be added to your bill. I dropped a soda out of it putting in my own food; no charge showed up. There’s an in-room safe that was not wide enough to hold a laptop (but in another room it was). The bathroom is brown marble with a more familiar tub and shower with only one extra set of knobs. The fitness room is good on cardiovascular equipment (but no elliptical trainer) and lousy on weight training with one creaky four way weight machine with the pull-down section broken (and still broken a few days later). The fitness center was open from 6 am to 9 pm. I didn't eat at the hotel restaurants.	
Jul 29 2005	LONG REVIEW: Great hotel staff location and price	Did I stay at the same hotel as did some of the other reviewers? I was nervous checking in, 'specially as I'd just come from a highly rated (by Tripadvisor reviews) hotel in another city that was disappointing. True, everyone has different experiences. I travel a lot, and think I'm a fairly good judge. Maybe we were just lucky, but I doubt it. The hotel staff was too good for this to have been just luck.What JOY to discover another wonderful hotel (I've previously stayed at Harrington Hall) in one of my favorite streets in London-- two lane Gloucester Road which has both a friendly neighborhood and cosmopolitan feel. There's a gourmet supermarket (John Lewis company's Waitrose--ummm, those salads!!); 24 hour Tesco; indoor and outdoor seating and bakery and made to order (just ask) sandwiches and super-friendly staff (EVERYONE in the area was like that, I must admit) at The Patisserie (try their Florentines-omigod!!!); great baguettes (e.g. chicken and avocado) and salads at The Coffee House (?--right name?) open 'til 1 a.m. next to Maxwell's stationer; fish and chips shop; shopping arcade next to the tube station (has coffee, restuarant, pizza place, Waitrose, Boots) delicious coffee at several places Coffee Republic, S'bux, etc; inexpensive and delicious pasta and calzone at PizzaOrganic, USA standbys Burger King, KFC; and many other places I did not yet try, all within a two-block, safe, area. EVERY person we encountered was friendly, helpful, courteous--in London, in the hotel and its immediate nieghborhood shops and restaurants.The hotel--gorgeous lobby. Fantastic Singaporean Restaurant Bugis-- part of hotel, but outside the driveway entracne and down the street (ask at concierge desk) You MUST try their food. Great casual atmosphere and service, food to die for. Singaporean soup (can't recall name)-- WOW. In Millenium Gloucesterl lobby, helpful concierge service, esp'lly **Lawrence** Julie, and Kelvin. Ask for one of their maps with the discount coupons (20 % off PizzaOrganic, the Churchill War Rooms, and othe places). Many lovely staff members--housekeeping, front desk, etc. Typically pleasant, courteous, and friendly, yet special, was door man Dahir, who got us off to a great start each morning with a warm &quot;Nice to see you today!&quot; Nice also to see the international clientele in the lobby. (Sigh...why can't the world be like that?)BTW, we booked on Priceline, got a fantastic price. NO feeling of being treated differently at all! If i couldn;'t get this on Priceline, I'd STILL stay here next visit.Oh yes--the ROOM--sufficiently large. Bathroom--black granite counters. Clean tile surrounds. Adequate space. Big bath-sheet sized towels. Comfortable beds; clean, spacious, walk-in closet/drawer area, good airconditioning,. We didn't touch the minibar (-:Even had view of green garden behind the block of flats down the road, which was lovely in the rain. Only maintenance prob was with electrical panel and electric tea kettle--resolved problems within 30 minutes!DON'T use the hotel internet. There are conveniently nearby places: Coffee Republic, which alas has only two computers; costs one pound for 20 minuts, and even better, the large place--lots of 'puters-- next to post office/stationer/souvenir shop on Gloucester Road, 1 1/2 block from the hotel. It's called Rex (I think) it's down some stairs outside to get to the entrance. Yet another group of friendly and helpful folks, only too glad to answer questions. Open til 11 pm. One pound for 20 mins, or 2 pounds for one hour!!Bkfst-loads of cheap deals in the area, you'll see signs at Liaison, Dino's, the Fish and Chips place (which makes yummy chicken nuggets). ALL are within 1 to 2 minute walk of the hotel.Incidentally, help at Gloucester Road tube station was wonderful too--and there are police and &quot;commmunity service&quot; officers out on the street. Never felt unsafe--just the opposite.If you have time, try to do boat trip from Westminster Pier to Greenwich. A great trip on the Thames, and a fun look at a more old-fashioned side (before all the gourmet food shops) of London life.	
Jul 28 2005	Not outstanding but acceptable	I stayed at the Millennium Gloucester July 20-25, 2005 as a single female traveling alone. When I arrived around 10 am, I was told that my room was not yet available and was asked to just sit down while staff checked on it. No one ever got back to me, and I had to ask several times about it. Once I mentioned that I had a British Airways Holidays voucher, they immediately found a room for me and the room number appeared to change at that point. I was pleasantly surprised at the size of my room since I was expecting a tiny single. The room had a queen bed and was about the size and appearance of a typical U.S. Holiday Inn-type room. The bathroom and bedroom looked fairly clean, although there were stains (blood and others) on the underside of the bedspread - yuck! The hotel is supposedly air-conditioned, but I was uncomfortable even when the thermostat was on the highest setting. The room was also very dimly lit and there was only one trash can, which was tiny. The hairdryer, which didn't have much power, was attached to the inside of the desk drawer and was awkward to use. However, the heated towel rack was a nice touch. Although the concierge desk was usually helpful, I did receive some very incorrect information about the availability of the Tube on the day of the attempted bombing (July 21). There were also charges on my bill for phone connections in the amount of 5 pounds, but they were taken off - with great hesitation - by hotel staff. I would rate the front desk staff as mediocre. Be sure to check your account daily, which is conveniently available through the television in the room. There's also a great way to order a wake-up call through the television. The real positives to this hotel are the location near the Gloucester Tube station (although some of the Tube remains shut down), a wonderful grocery store (Waitrose) nearby that serves good prepared food and sandwiches, a Boots pharmacy nearby, a stop for the Big Bus sightseeing bus nearby, and telephone booths and a bank with an ATM nearby. I felt safe here as a female traveling alone. Overall, this is an &quot;average&quot; hotel, certainly not 4 stars, but generally acceptable. I would stay here again, I guess, if only for the location.	
Jul 25 2005	Loved the Millennium Gloucester	I was VERY pleased with my stay here at the Millennium Gloucester! The location was AWESOME! We were only a few feet from the Gloucester tube stop on the Circle and District lines. There are also some really nice restaurants also a few feet away: a couple of authentic English pubs (one with a really great &quot;two for 8.99&quot; mid-afternoon lunch specials) and Italian eateries nearby. There is also a restaurant in the hotel, and a Tesco nearby, which is open 24-hours and has fresh fruit, pre-packaged meals, bottled water and other snacks.The rooms have individually controlled air conditioning, a safe, a mini bar (which I knew better than to touch), a wake-up alarm on the television, an iron and towel warmer. Further, each room is furnished with a terry cloth robe. The room was a pretty good size, especially for a European room. No arguments here.The hotel staff was *very* helpful. I happened to have left my empty purse behind when I traveled to Paris for four days. However, when I got back, my purse had been recovered from the room and the Security Staff was very professional about returning it to me (with all contents in tact) in a manner that ensured that I was the rightful owner. The concierge was also very helpful, hailing us a taxi or carrying our bags for us when needed. The only downfall is that the charge for internet access was pretty high: 12 pounds/hour or 24 pounds per day (or something crazy like that).Initially, I wasn't scheduled to stay in this hotel on my one-day return from my four-day trip to Paris. However, I cancelled my stay at another hotel and opted for this hotel instead. I would DEFINITELY stay at this hotel again. In fact, I think this will be *the* hotel at which I stay ANY time I'm in London. Highly recommended!	
Jul 24 2005	Location 	The location is great, just around the corner from the Tube. The lobby was lovely when we walked in (albeit smoky), but upstairs needs a major overhaul. We had requested adjoining rooms (I have 2 young children), but the connecting door was locked and it took 3 calls and over an hour until someone came to open it (it was after midnight by this time.) The air conditioning did not work in my room, but did in my childrens' - with the connecting door opened, it wasn't too bad. But their unit leaked outside the bathroom door - the carpet was soaked and that's what probably accounted for the musty smell in the room (in fact, it smelled pretty must throughout all the corridors). Mattresses were OK, but pillows were flat as pancakes. Also, TV cable TV kept on going out on us. The honor bar must have a sensor on it. We had opened it, but never took anything from it. Nonetheless, we had charges on our bill for things we never drank (but the front desk did take them off.) However, despite the negative points, the location and price ($99/night through Priceline) were really great.	
Jul 19 2005	Perfect Location	After reading all of the reviews I was expecting the worst. Upon arrival my fears subsided. The lobby was beautiful and the staff was very helpful.The room itself was nice, a little small but it did the job. We did not have the dirty carpet or the torn wallpaper. The air-conditioner did not work all that great but we just opened the windows and asked for a fan. There was a room safe in the closet, a trouser press and an iron. Our blow dryer for some reason was located in the desk drawer and you could not remove it from the drawer so I had to blow dry my hair next to the desk. Our coffee maker was located in the tv cabinet. One thing that everyone was correct about is the mini-bar. BEWARE! I opened it for about 5 seconds just to see how cold it was in the fridge and I was charged 13 pounds. They did take it off my bill without any problems. You should check your room bill on the tv screen before you check out. Ice will cost you 1.50 pounds, not including the tip for bringing it up to you. We never made an outside phone call from the room, we bought a phone card and used the pay phone right outside the hotel. Even toll free calls from the room will do some serious monetary damage. It's all in their room information folder on the desk, I'd advise everyone to read it. Those were my only problems with the hotel. The concierge was very informative and helpful. Now the positives. When you exit the hotel lobby turn left, walk to the street and turn right. Walk towards the end of the street and you will see everything you will possibly need during your stay. To your left is the tube station and just beyond that is a little shopping arcade that has a fantastic grocery store called Waitrose. It opens at 8am and if you want really cold drinks this is the place to go. Directly across the street is a great pub, Burger King, KFC and Tesco. This Tesco is open 24 hours and is like a 7-ll. If you see a Tesco when you are out and about and want a super cheap lunch they have good sandwiches. The only problem is that their drinks are kept in an open fridge and so they are not cold, just above room temp is more like it. Also there is a Starbucks and La Patissere(sp). Next to the pub, Stanhope Arms, is the bus stop. The tour bus called the Big Bus tour, it's a brown tour bus, stops there also. They sell tickets to The Tower of London, The London Dungeon and a couple of other places. If you plan on visiting these places buy them here and you won't have to stand in line. Our stay at the Millennium Gloucester was fantastic, other than the mini-bar incident, I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 8 2005	Only Thing Good Thing I Can Say About the Hotel is Good Location !	The best location for a tube stop, but the worse decor in London. The carpet was dirty, plain and simple nasty. I could not walk on it in my bare feet. The a/c was barely cool. The wall around the a/c vent was black from dirt. The hotel staff was as bad as the carpet, very nasty.	
Jul 4 2005	Misleading arrogant and not very knowledgeable stuff	We booked Millennium Gloucester Hotel via priceline for about half of the official published rate. When we arrived to the Millennium hotel (at 2 pm; they just started check-in), the manager on duty said that their hotel was overbooked. She refused to accommodate us and said that she had arranged an alternative accommodation in another nice hotel. In the reality, when we came to that other hotel, we found a dirty, smelly, run-down establishment. We called back the Millennium and said that we would not stay in that other hotel. They said that they would find another hotel for us and call us back. They never did. Finally, we came back to the Millennium and requested accommodation there. Nobody at the hotel apologized that we had lost three hours of our time and our first day in London was simply ruined. We were finally accommodated in a “Club” room.This is not a 4 1/2-star hotel as they claim. In general, the stuff is arrogant and not very knowledgeable and friendly. The rooms and especially bathrooms are very small. Everything is extremely overpriced (phone calls: 1 min to the US is ~$5.00, one hour of Internet use is ~$15.00 etc.). However, the location is convenient (near the tube). The hotel is O.K. for a short stay in London provided one pays half of their official room rate or less.	
Jun 28 2005 	Great Location	Unfortunately, upon our arrival we found room type we had reserved was not available. The hotel staff told us this problem happened often and were quick to blame the tour company. Based on reviews from others we anticipated this possibility and simply complained over and over until the manager became involved and located appropriate rooms for us. Sooo, the first day was not pleasant, but once the room issue had been resolved, everything was great. The staff was very accomodating and the rooms were very well maintained. Best thing about this hotel is the location. The Underground stop is only a few feet away.	
Jun 18 2005	Great location bit pricey but nice	London was the first stop of our honeymoon and after reading the reviews on this site, we made a reservation through Travelocity.We arrived into the hotel (9.30am) and were told that our room was still being cleaned up so we went down the road for breakfast. The hotel is just across the road from the Gloucester St Tube and was veyr handy. When we finally managed to check in we found the room of a good size (for london hotels) and clean bathroom and carpets. There were many tourists in the hotel which didn't faze us. We thoroughly liked the hotel due to its location and cleanliness. It's more of a business/tourist hotel, not for honeymooners but will stay there again.	
Jun 12 2005	Be aware!!	Be aware....I purchased three nights through Priceline....the rate was very good for London...BUT, this hotel is not 4-star...(more like 2-star)...the carpet in the halls was worn and patched...the wallpaper was torn....the walk to my room took 5 minutes...the room was furnished like a 2-star hotel. If you do book here, make sure you are in the &quot;newer part of the hotel&quot;...with your room number being in the lower numbers (below 50...like in room #350)...this will assure that you have a decent room that is not in dire need of refurnishing. The hotel staff is OK....but be careful where they place you in the hotel. I would not stay here again...location was good, but that is the only thing this hotel has to its credit.	
Jun 12 2005	Decent hotel if you get a good price	First off this is a great tourist hotel if you can get a good price. We booked through priceline and paid around $87 per night after the Priceline fee. We were pleasently suprised to be able to check in early (9:30 am) after our flight. Our room was at the far end of the hall, but found that the room was VERY quiet.The location couldn't be better. It took less that 2 minutes to walk to the Gloucester Road tube station, and there are plenty of reasonable (for London) places to eat. The carpets are a bit worn, but still not bad for the area. We stayed in two different Hotels in London on a previous visit and this one was far better than either of the previous places.	
Jun 12 2005	Good location bad bed	This hotel has a GREAT location. You really cannot ask for a better place to stay as a tourist. It is across the street from a grocery store, Starbucks, KFC, Burger King and Tube stop. This cannot be underestimated when you are tired and homesick. It also has great security and a very nice lobby and amenities. However, the budget rooms have pretty dirty carpet, bad lighting, and the world's MOST UNCOMFORTABLE bed. I got it on priceline for about $80 per night, so it was a real bargain. We asked for extra blankets and put them under the sheet, so that made the bed nice and soft. I have to say that I was a little put off when we checked in. They tried to get us to sign up for an expensive breakfast and room upgrade ($60 per night) and looked down their noses when we said no. Over all though, it was fine! The location was so good, it made up for the rest.	
Jun 9 2005	Awsome hotel in a great area!	My wife and I loved our stay in this hotel. It was in the absolute perfect location for a trip to London. The rooms were very large with a large bathroom. From what I have heard this is hard to find in London. The location was a 3 minute tube ride to Victoria and within walking distance to the Science museum and the Natural history museum. The tube stop is right across the street! Also, there were many good cheap dining options near the hotel and a few good pubs. There was even a grocery store right across the street to buy snacks and water. Overall we loved our stay in this hotel. True, the carpets are pretty worn but that did not bother us at all. We requested an early check in and our room was available right away early in the morning when we got in from Gatwick. We even had a 110 volt plug in our room to charge my ipod! When we go back to London we are staying here every time. You can also get a great deal on priceline for this hotel that can not be matched anywhere in London for what you get and the location. WE HAD A GREAT STAY AND A WONDERFUL TRIP TO LONDON!	
Jun 6 2005 	Regular rooms NOT 3-4 star quality	As I knew beforehand from the reviews here, there is a major difference between the club-level and regular rooms. The regular rooms are NOT anything like 3-4 star quality. They seriously need to be refurbished: the carpets are disgusting, there are cigarette burns in the duvets, etc. The lobby is posh and there are always fancy cars waiting outside, but you will definitely feel like you're in an ultra cheap hotel once you get to your floor.	
Jun 6 2005 	Average hotel reasonable price	There is a huge difference between the standard and club rooms. The former have scratchy blankets and dodgy electrics – all the lights went out when I plugged my laptop in. The club rooms are pleaseant but the sign of a good hotel is one that puts you in a readily accessible room when you check in late. Getting a room at the end of two very long corridors at 11pm did not endear this hotel to me.	
May 25 2005	Not bad but really awful carpets.	We stayed here for several days and the hotel is about what you would expect except that the carpets are truly awful and I don't just mean the hallways but the actual rooms. We were genuinely afriad to walk on them for fear of a dread disease. The hote is a little rundown in places like the hallways where the wallpaper is torn and worn but really it is not a bad place if you get a good deal. I paid about $135 USD per night but had to pay about 119 British Pounds when I extended our stay by one day. There is a great little place next to the Gloucester Road tube station called Liaisons that serves great sandwichs and coffee and they are very friendly.	
May 23 2005	Pluses and Minuses	First the good news - the hotel has a great location, literally steps from the Gloucester Road subway station. Heathrow is a subway ride away on the Piccadilly line. I never took a taxi the entire time I was in London. Secondly, if you get a Millenium Club Level room, it is a decent size (i.e. size of typical American hotel room). The bad news - the customer service is bad. The people behind the front desk - who seemed very young - were pretty useless. Also, beware - the 'extras' will kill you. The internet access in the room was either 8gbps an hour or 20 for the day (something like $15 an hour or $40 US for the whole day - which is outrageous). Any dialing of an 800 number from the room - including using the nice cheap international calling cards you can buy - will cost about $5 a connection. If they could charge you to breathe, I think they would. Also, mysterious charges appeared on the bill. I was at the desk complaining about a mini-bar charge on my bill - which was clearly not correct since I didn't even KNOW there was a minibar in the room. Right behind me was a woman erroneously charged for champagne from her mini-bar. I'd have to debate going back because of these things . . .	
May 20 2005	Decent but not great	I paid for a &quot;Club&quot; room which included breakfast, the room was okay, roomy but dated, bed was okay, bathroom decent. I never went for the free breakfast. I choose this hotel because of location in South Kensington. A great location, all within a few steps from hotel are an ATM (HSBC), Grocery Store (Waitrose), drug store (Boots), Starbucks and Burger King. Not too far from Harrods and Chelsea (5-8 pounds taxi ride). A favorite pub of mine, the Stanhope is across the street, supposedly Jack the Ripper drank here! A great Indian restaurant in the Montana Hotel which is close by which I highly recommend, 3rd time eating there in 4 years, good. The pasta restaurant, forgot name, next to Waitrose and Boots is good too. The Millennium Gloucester is decent, I would have thought my room would be nicer since &quot;Club&quot; floor, it was okay, so don't expect much, make sure to get a good rate (this hotel offers good rates that vary all the time on Expedia), staff and concierge were good, this is a hotel to choose for location and value, not perks.	
May 20 2005	A splended time was had by all.	We just returned from our 6 night London vacation (May 13-18 2005).The staff of the Millennium Gloucester Hotel was always friendly and accommodating. We arrived very early in the morning so I do not fault the hotel for not having our room available. Their stated check in time is 2pm. We were allowed to check in and had the concierge take our luggage, so we were free to explore London right from the start. The public areas of this hotel are beautiful. It really lacked nothing. My personal gripe was that it was extremely smoky due to the fact that it's legal for people to smoke in public areas and restaurants in the UK... and the English take full advantage of that. Coming from the USA, I was surprised how much the British smoked. Be forewarned that it's the exception to find a restaurant with a separate smoking area. I found Pubs to be almost unbearably smokey. But I degress, aside from the lobby of the Millennium Gloucester Hotel being extremely smokey at different times of the day, it was beautiful, and we got the non-smoking room we had requested.The room was larger than I had expected, it was on par with any good hotel room in the US. We had a &quot;standard&quot; room with one double bed. Since I had read some reviews that claimed rooms had everything from bugs to toilets which did not flush, I didn't know what to expect. Thankfully, our room had neither affliction. The only surprise was that the room's carpet was very badly stained, and should have been replaced a long time ago. It was really out of place, given how nice the rest of the room was. The room did not have an alarm clock, so be sure to pack a travel clock. You could program the TV to wake you up. I guess I'm old fashioned.The bathroom was roomy and well lit, it was finished in white ceramic tile and rich brown marble. The heated towel bar was a nice treat. The bath towels were actually &quot;bath sheets&quot; which was also very nice. The bathtub might have been a challenge for an elderly person or a person with limited mobility because the sides were at least 2 feet tall. There were large handles attached to the wall to help get in and out of the tub. The shower had very good water pressure.Both shampoo and bath lotion were provided, something that's becoming a rarity in some hotels in the USA. We thought it was a little funny that there was a phone in the bathroom, but the hairdryer was firmly attached inside a desk draw which was in the main part of the room, and not simply wall mounted in the bathroom.There wasn't any ventilation or window in the bathroom, and I noticed there was some paint peeling on the ceiling. As far as location goes, the Millennium Gloucester Hotel can't be beat. It's right across from the Gloucester Road tube station in a very nice section of town. The trains run often, making all of London AND Heathrow Airport easily accessible. There are also city busses running on Gloucester Road.There are many restaurants, coffee shops and convenience stores, as well as two grocery stores (which carry a nice selection of beer, wine and spirits) in walking distance from the hotel. The hotel room had a stocked courtesy refrigerator which must have a sensor built in. If you take out an item you'll be automatically charged. I've read horror stories about being charged in error for food. I am glad to report that we bought food at the grocery store and kept it in the room's fidge and did not get charged. Check out was a breeze, no glitches whatsoever. If it wasn't for the badly stained carpet, I would have rated this hotel as &quot;Excellent&quot;.	
May 19 2005	Beware!	My husband and I booked our stay at the Millennium Gloucester through Priceline at $100 per night. We were happy with this booking and looked forward to staying at the hotel.When we arrived at the hotel we found a courteous bellman who took our luggage and gave us a receipt which was to be given to the front desk when we checked in. The hotel lobby was attractively furnished, though very smokey. At the desk we encountered staff that was likewise courteous and professional. They did not have our room ready when we first arrived at the hotel (we arrived at about 1:30 in the afternoon), but a room was ready for us by 3:00pm (normal check-in time). The room was on the first floor of the hotel and was somewhat small, but well-equipped and attractively decorated. Our bed was a king-size bed, which was a pleasant surprise, and our bathroom boasted a very large bathtub/shower. Less pleasant were the orange stains on the carpet and the warping of the wallpaper due to water damage. These issues were easily overlooked, however, as I did not expect the hotel to give a Priceline customer one of its better rooms. However, we could not overlook the fact that NONE of the lamps in the room were working. I made a quick call to housekeeping who did send someone by, though this meant that my husband and I could not take our desperately needed showers as the room was full of people trying to figure out the lamp problem and, for some strange reason, replacing items in our (very expensive) minibar. After the initial hubub (it turned out that water leaking from a second floor toilet was shorting out the wiring in our room), we were finally able to shower, dress, and leave the room to explore our neighborhood. We found that the hotel was in an EXCELLENT location for tourists: We were quite literally across the street from the Gloucester Road tube stop, there were two grocery stores right next to and across the street from the tube stop. There was also a bank, a travel supply store, and a wide variety of restaurants and pubs within a one-block radius of the hotel. The hotel also boasted several restaurants, a bar, a business center, and other facilities.We were very satisfied with our choice of lodging until a few days after our arrival. We were out in Hampstead when I went to an ATM to withdraw some cash. My request was rejected and a bit of investigation showed that there were no funds available in my account! We immediately made our way back to the hotel and after several phone calls I realized that the hotel had frozen *twice* the amount of money that they were supposed on my card when I checked in!As you may know, most hotels request a credit/debit card when you check into the hotel in order to cover any incidental charges (i.e. phone, restaurant, etc). The hotel will then &quot;freeze&quot; funds on your account so that the hotel can be assured of collecting these funds when you check out. Knowing this, I had contacted the hotel well before our arrival to find out how much they would be freezing. I was told that they would freeze 50 pounds per night. Given the current exchange rate, this would come in at a little less than $700 for the trip, which was no problem for us. However, the hotel clerk, for some reason, froze 100 pounds per night, which, as you can imagine, took out a serious chunk of our budget!When I complained to the hotel staff, they at first couldn't see what the problem was. Finally they agreed to reverse the errant charges, but told me that it would take 5 business days for the charges to go through. I explained that this was unacceptable as we were only in town for a week. I communicated with my bank, and my bank was willing to release the hold if the hotel would fax my bank with instructions to do so. After a bit of wrangling, the hotel did fax my bank. However, the hotel never apologized for their serious error, nor did they ever offer any sort of compensation or an offer of assistance if the funds were not going to be released quickly.I have to concur with many of the reviewers here when I note that the Millenium Gloucester has many things to recommend it as a place to stay, but that its staff and management are completely unconcerned with their customers should a problem arise. We will not be staying at this hotel again.	
May 19 2005	Customer Service = Awful	I've been to London many times and this is by far the worst hotel i've stayed at. The Front Desk staff leaves a lot to be desired. Perhaps some training in customer service would do them some good!!! Also pls keep in mind that the check-in is at 1pm so make sure you time your flights accordingly b/c you'll have a difficult time checking in early. One positive is that the hotel is literally hotel right next to the Tube. Hope this helps!	
May 18 2005 	Careful with hidden charges	The hotel is fine if you get a decent rate. Like mentioned by other reviewers, convenient location next to three tube lines.However, if you are on a budget you have to be extremely careful with hidden charges. When I checked out I was charged 22.50 UK pounds for one 6 minute local phone call- this is equivalent to $43 US dollars!!! Apparently this was because although it was local, it was to a cell phone. I had looked for the rates in the room and couldn't fined them, so I didn't make any long distance calls, but I figured a short local call would be OK. I complained, and was given a courtesy discount, so it came to $33. I should note that the exact same call from a Hilton was 4.23 UK pounds (˜$8.40). I also complained about this upon my return by email, and the general manager was kind enough to reply, but he just wrote that that they have the &quot;privilege to offer our valuable guests more flexibility and a best available rate for the room night, rather than discounted other facilities, such as telephone or laundry charges.&quot; I don't consider 4 pounds for a local phone call (at the Hilton) a &quot;discount&quot;, but I do consider 23 pounds for the same call a rip-off. As a sidenote, the breakfast is extremely expensive (about 18 pounds per person), and there is a great little bakery around the corner, so its not worth it.	
May 17 2005	Clean modern good location	This hotel looks nice. It's modern and clean. The location is very good. Our main disappointment was that when we called to make a special room request (our second time), the person on the phone said that the hotel does not allow for more than 2 people per room. This ended up being incorrect information and a complete lie (because the hotel does in fact have rooms with 3 beds and so forth), but caused us a GREAT deal of stress. We were halfway around the world and did not know what to do. Well, fortunately, my husband called and spoke to the General Manager of the hotel. He said that we are in fact allowed to stay (2 adults, 2 young children). We were relieved. When we arrived to the hotel, they could not give us a room with two separate beds, but promised us that we would get such a room (a family room) the very next day. Well, the very next day, that did not happen. We were frustrated. It was on the third night of our stay, that we were finally able to sleep comfortably with a little more space. But we were still happy. The hotel was good, clean, and had a nice, convenient location. At least they didn't charge us extra for two separate beds, unlike the Hilton Metropole. That was quite tacky and greedy on their part. We really hated the smoky lobby area. But we hate that about Europe overall. Have they never heard of second-hand smoke?	
May 16 2005	Good Value; Half block from tube	For budget travellers, this is a really good deal for the money for the location. The Gloucester tube is only a half block away.Americans should keep in mind that hotels are run differently in Europe and the UK. They spend all their money on the lobby. Therefore the lobby looks like a typical American 4 star, but the rooms are more like 2 stars. Nothing terrible, just nothing fancy and plenty of wear and tear on the carpets and furnishings. Even so, you certainly can't beat the location for the price!!!! You will find yourself grateful that you are so close to a tube, particularly when you have luggage in tow!!!!I also found the staff to be courteous and accomodating as well.	
May 13 2005	Top Hotel	Fantastic Service, Warm welcome. You should try the Club Service for £116.- Staff very professionnal, and more particularly the receptionists.Room very comfortable , High Speed Internet much appreciated.	
May 10 2005	Very content budget traveler	My partner and I were fortunate to land the MG on a Priceline bid of $80/night for a week. A real steal! I notified them in advance that we would be checking in a few hours early, and they not only had our room ready, but had upgraded us (for free!) to a club-level room. I encourage you to politely ask for an upgrade when you check-in! It can’t hurt, and it seems like others have been successful in this, too. In addition to the spacious rooms and separate elevators, club-level guests have access to a quiet lounge with newspapers, cappuccino, tea selection, and fruit throughout the day, as well as bubbly at around 6pm. Breakfast in there was only for club members, which we were not. Still, we found it a perfect spot to relax before heading out for the evening. The room was lovely, except for a considerable mold problem in the bathroom which I discovered after showering on arrival. Blech! After housekeeping took a look, they were quick to switch us to another club-level room, moving our luggage for us while we were out seeing the city. We were very happy with the service, especially the eager-to-help concierge on duty in the afternoons and evenings. My guess is those who criticized the service at this hotel were, themselves, probably less than gracious.Carpeting and furniture just a wee bit shabby (but at $80/night, who’s got a right to complain?!), but the bed was wonderfully comfortable, with crisp linens. There was a bidet in the first bathroom, if you get into that part of European travel. And, although they’re rarely found in British hotels, our bathroom had washcloths. Woo hoo! If you’re a budget traveler like me, I can recommend the following in the neighborhood: almond croissants at Tesco (89p!), espresso and email at Coffee Republic, late night take-away from PizzaOrganic, and dinner and beer at the Drayton Arms pub or La Brasserie (both on Old Brompton).Finally, it can be a little confusing to find the hotel the first time when getting off the Tube. Exit the Gloucester Road Station; face right and cross the street toward the Millennium Bailey’s Hotel; turn right and walk about a 1/2 block to the hotel entrance, which looks like a carport entrance, but does have a small sign.	
May 6 2005	Location is ideal	The hotel is situated in a very safe neighborhood. Ideal location, walk out of the hotel, board a bus, go on the tube or walk to restaurants, grocery stores, coffee shops, internet cafe, drug store. Advise getting a pass for bus &amp; tube, a real money saver. Service was good, rooms were clean and modern. Some of the reviews I read made me a little wary of staying there. Carpet was NOT threadbare, nor was the hotel any different from any hotels in the U.S. that have a high volume business. For anyone who has stayed in Euopean Hotels this is definitely many steps above. Breakfast according to the menu was expensive but it was included in our travel package. I would stay there again even traveling without a tour group. Advise drinking across the street ans drinks are expensive as they are at any hotel bar.	
May 6 2005	Good solid 4* hotel	I booked this hotel via priceline (GBP 62 inc tax and service charge) six months in advance of staying there so that my partner and I could stay in town after seeing Kylie at Earls Court. We arrived at 1pm, an hour before check in and getting a room wasn't a problem. I enquired about an upgrade to the Club Floor and was offered this for GBP 30. For this you get access to the Club Lounge with unlimited, tea, coffee and fruit; a free glass of champagne in either the bar or the Club Lounge; and complimentary breakfast in the Lounge which includes some hot items as well as the traditional continental offerings. And of course the upgraded room itself. It seemed like a good deal so I went for it. On checking in I noticed that they had entered me on their system as Mr &amp; Mrs despite me not advising them of any such thing, indeed as a gay man with a male partner of seven years I was a little affronted by this. I asked the check in clerk to change this, however Mr &amp; Mrs continued to show up on the TV, on the bar bill, on the final bill - not very impressive. Other than this everything was fine. The room was spacious and decorated in a modern style, obviously recently remodelled, though they clearly hadn't got round to doing the bathroom which appeared a little tired. The rest of the hotel was in good shape and all the staff we encountered were friendly. The bar was expensive (as usual) and got quite crowded so getting a table could be problematic if there are large groups staying. Overall I'd certainly recommend this hotel for a visit to London as it is excellently placed with the tube station just minutes from the front door, and you can often get a room for a good price either through priceline or any number of regular hotel websites. Highly recommended.	
May 5 2005	Don't use the phone!!!!!	My friends and I booked three rooms, as we were going to see CREAM perform at the Royal Albert Hall and this hotel is within walking distance of that lovely venue.PLUSES: As others point out, its just a couple of hundred yards from the Gloucester Road station on the Picadilly, Circle and District lines of the tube. This is a big time and money saver if you're flying into Heathrow. You can get to the hotel (almost the doorstep) for 4.80 pounds. Not Bad.The lobby is spacious and fairly elegant. The rooms are ok. Clean, etc. Bathroom is large and no hot water problems or anything of that sort. Minibars are well stocked but expensive. Use the shops and pubs just down the street instead.MINUSES:There is no air conditioning (my room had a fan/heat control only). Temperature outside was 60s/70s Farenheit, but the room was pretty uncomfortable. Think long and hard before booking in the middle of summer.For some reason, housekeeping didn't provide face cloths (wash cloths to us Yanks). Another minor annoyance. My friends who were traveling with me did get them. Maybe the housekeeping on the fourth floor is hostile to Americans???? BIG MINUS:I called a friend who lives in London to hook up for some drinks. I called his cell phone (figuring it would be cheaper to make local calls from the hotel than &quot;roaming&quot; internationally on my cell phone.) Boy was I wrong. A SEVEN MINUTE CALL to my friends local cell phone cost me 26.25 POUNDS. At current exchange rates, that's USD 50!!!!!!! I know hotels have been known to charge exhorbitantly for long distance and so forth, but this is an out and out rip off.Caveat Emptor.	
May 3 2005	Sorry we have overbooked!!!!!!	My partner and I had booked TWO months in advance one evening stay with this so called 4 star hotel, as we were going to see Kylie in Earls Court that saturday evening and it was my partners 30th Birthday, so all in all a lovely weekend had been planned. After arrival at the reception desk, we were then greeted with the Assistant Front of House Manager who informed us that the hotel had been overbooked and that they were carting us off to their sister Hotel in Mayfair! No empathy shown whatsoever! He admitted that it was due to a larger group paying more money! His general attitude was tough ----. I had spoken with Reservations three times since by booking with them for various reasons, and not once did they inform me that they would be shipping us off to Mayfair (miles away from Earls Court). The last time I spoke with them was the day before arrival, but no message was given to me about the situation. We then turned up at the Millennium Mayfair. We checked in and went to our room. There was drilling going on above us, we had two sugars one coffe and one teabag, we had to wait just under an hour for housekeeping to bring us an ashtray and then on the Saturday night when we got in we were kept awake by the singer in their pub downstairs!I am writing a letter of complaint to them, but going by their attitude at the Millennium Gloucester Hotel I am not expecting miracles. After reading all these other poor people who have experienced what we did I am also going to Watchdog, as this is just not on! We had to spend money out of our purse for extra travelling costs and food, as I had also booked a table for two in a restaurant around the Gloucester Road area which had to be cancelled due to them moving us and all through no fault of our own, but down to this hotel group being greedy and wanting to take as much money as possible. This hotel groups company ethics are just disgusting!!! I would not even treat an animal the way they treated us. So all in all ruined my partners 30th Brithday and has caused us both distress!!!DO NOT GO - DO NOT EVEN RISK IT!!!!!!	
May 2 2005	Okay but certainly nothing special	Like a previous poster on here, got this hotel as an anonymous deal through lastminute. When we arrived at Gloucester Road station, it literally took us one minute to get to the hotel and on entering the hotel were both very impressed. Beautiful reception, reasonably friendly staff. However the rooms were dissapointing, certainly on the first floor where we were staying. According to staff we heard talking in the lobby the first floor rooms were where the bus tours stayed and unfortunately although we booked independently, we got allocated a room there too.Wallpaper torn, carpet dirty, dirty windows that didn't open and the bathroom looked very tired with broken handles on bath, chipped surfaces, etc... If we had been staying there for more than one night we would have requested another room however it was just a place to stopover on route to our main holiday and the room although tired and dated was clean enough.The good things - lovely area, very close to tube station, plenty of local shops, bars and restaurants. I guess you get what you pay for and with that in mind £69 was cheap for a hotel room in a nice area of London. Last time we had a stopover we also stayed in Kensington in Harrington Hall (also a cheap deal) and although the reception isn't half as grand as the Millenium Gloucester, the rooms there are first class!	
Apr 29 2005	Great if you get it cheap	My brother and I stayed here on a Friday night in March. We had booked tickets for the Comedy Store in Leicester Square and needed a cheap convenient place to stay. We looked on Lastminute and found the Millenium Gloucester for just £54 that same night. At that price you couldn't go wrong. The hotel is conveniently located near Gloucester Road tube station and it took only 15 minutes to get from Leicester Square to our hotel room. The hotel is huge and impersonal and when we got there full of airline pilots and crew. The staff were friendly enough, if not a little apathetic, perhaps in light of how little we paid? The room (a twin) was comfortably furnished with a clean and spacious bathroom. There was a mini bar and trouser press, etc, though I advise against the mini bar as it's one of the most expensive I've ever seen. I would have been disapointed if I had spent £100 + on the room but for the price we got it for it was perfect. Keep a lookout for last-minute deals and you could grab yourself a bargain hotel room with easy access to central London.	
Apr 27 2005	They gave our pre-paid room away.	We booked this hotel through Priceline for $80 a night, which means we paid for the room in advance. But when we arrived for check-in at around 8 p.m. (check-in time is 2 p.m.), the assistant manager informed us that our room had been given away to &quot;a group of guests who decided to prolong their stay.&quot; What kind of policy is that? We had paid for our room in advance, and they gave it away to someone who didn't even have reservations ahead of time and simply decided to stay on! The assistant manager then paid for a cab to take us to a sister hotel in a completely different neighborhood -- not at all the neighborhood I requested when I was using Priceline. To make matters worse, she was condescending and dismissive and lacked any sort of empathy whatsoever. Beware if you're traveling on a budget or are a Priceline customer; apparently management at this hotel thinks it can just jerk around those who aren't paying full-price.	
Apr 27 2005	Wow!	My daughter and I went to London on a four day vacation whirlwind trip--booked a package with air and hotel. We stayed at the Millenium Gloucester. Could not have been more pleased. Elegant lobby, attentive friendly staff, clean room, large bathroom, lots of hot water, small desk/writing area, small walk-in closet/dressing room. All of this pales in significance, however, when looking at LOCATION. It is literally 20 steps from the Gloucester Station stop on the Picadilly line. (That is within the first fare zone. You can easily get ANYPLACE you might want to go in London within minutes, and get to and from Heathrow in well under an hour, with no changes or hassles. The neighborhood and tube station are safe at any time day or night. There are a couple of convenience food places open 24 hours, so if you want to use the small refrigerator in the room for snacks it is easy. LOCATION plus elegance. Wow.	
Apr 23 2005	Very comfortable at great location	My girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights this week. We got a great 'anonymous hotel' deal through lastminute.comThe hotel is very attractive and clean. Our room was on the 4th floor. Everything was clean, and the room was moderately spacious, enough for the two of us. We had a nice daybed in addition to the bed. The bathroom was very nice, and it had a massive bathtub large enough for my girlfriend and myself, so neither of us had to wait after a long day walking around London. The lifts were frustratingly slow. I feel like most of our time there was spent waiting for an elevator to arrive. The neighborhood (South Kensington) was very nice, and the hotel was only 30 seconds from the Gloucester Road tube stop; the Piccadilly line is especially convenient for sightseeing. The hotel meals looked expensive, so we got a lot of our breakfasts and snacks at the Tesco convenience store across the street. We ate very well there, a whole bag of donuts is only 50p (about $.99), compared to an expensive English Breakfast. The hotel is very nice though it is usually expensive, so watch for great discounts.	
Apr 9 2005	Helpful hints...	We stayed in a very nicely appointed twin room. When we asked for a free upgrade we found that the previous room was better! The beds are quite comfy, the water pressure was great, and we had complimenatry coffee/tea daily in the room. Often we'd shop at Tesco across the way and buy heavenly &quot;flapjacks&quot; and the best yogurt we've ever had (passionfruit-mango-papaya or a Muller cherry or vanilla w/crunchies) and storing it in the fidge. Just make sure you are not charged accidently as there are motion sensors in the fridges. The tube (across the street) connects 3 convient lines. Be smart and buy a travelcard on RailEurope.com. The was a free ATM next to tube at the Bureau de Change. We loved eating at the various food courts and local sandwhich chains. The city is affordable if you look around a bit. All museums are free and fabulous. You will love coming &quot;home&quot; to a nice hotel tucked away in a lovely and quiet area. Also, I suggest using internet services in food chains (Subway on Bond St. has a huge internet cafe that's very cheap). London (one of the greatest cities) is what you are there for anyway-not a hotel room; though fortunately we were happy and likely to repeat our stay there.	
Apr 8 2005	Great location wonderful room!	My husband and I stayed here from March 26-April 2 and had a wonderful time. We got it off Priceline and paid $100/night. We arrived at 7 am and of course our room wasn't ready, but they upgrade us to the Club level due to the length of our stay. When we did check in, the room was spacious, clean, and tastefully decorated. The bathroom was marble with a big tub (a bit slippery, but they provided an anti-slip mat) but the bathroom itself was quite small. However, on the far end of the bedroom was a vanity area with a big mirror and hairdryer, so there was plenty of room for us both to get ready. The lights were all recessed and there were 2 over the bed for reading. The windows open, so if it is a nice day you can enjoy some fresh air.The location was wonderful! The Gloucester tube stop supports 3 lines, so you could get anywhere! Before we left on our trip, we ordered 7 day tube passes for zone 1 &amp; 2 from RailEurope that were $36. This was a great buy and saved us a ton of $. There were also 2 grocery shops (Waitrose &amp; Tesco) where we picked up snacks and bottled water. And, there is a drug store/pharmacy (Boots) in case you forgot anything. Go to the Patisserie across the street...it is wonderful! Great for breakfast or dinner. Hereford's Pub is a fun place to get some ale. Also, we found the concierge desk VERY helpful. They are very knowledgeable.We scheduled a day trip through the hotel with Premier Tours. They have a bunch to choose from. We chose Windsor Castle, Stonehenge and Bath. Our tourguide was outstanding and it was well organized. Highly suggested if you have the time!Make sure to bring a power converter and adapter as we overheard someone buying them at the hotel for $50!Overall, we enjoyed our stay! Hope you do, too!	
Apr 6 2005	Average Hotel	The Millenium Gloucester was a so-so hotel.We had been warned that four star hotels in Europe were actually the equivalent of three star hotels in America, and I would say this is accurate. When we arrived at 3:30 (check-in was at 3:00) we were told that our hotel room was not ready. This was after a sweaty, exhausting 8 hour plane trip as well as a subway ride from the airport with all of our luggage. Needless to say, we were very disappointed. They told us it would be about a 45-minute wait, but it was actually more like an hour and a half. They did apologize, but did not even give us even a complimentary drink at the bar.The room was decent, but there were no extra amenities (i.e. hairdryer). The bathroom tub was extremely slippery.The staff was fairly helpful, but certainly did not go the extra mile.The saving grace was that it was very close to a tube station.Overall, on a scale of 1-10, I would give this hotel a 6.	
Apr 4 2005	Not What I Expected	The location was perfect, right next to the Gloucester Underground station. There were a few decent restaurants with-in walking distance, as well as a grocery store. The hotel, on the other hand, was a dissapointment. We booked 2 rooms on the internet, one for my parents, and one for my two siblings and I, for a weeks stay. When we got there they had messed up the reservation and only had my parents room booked. We had to wait for 2 hours for our other room. We were supposed to have one King room for my parents, and one room with three singles for us, and they were supposed to be as close as possible. Instead they ended up with my parents on the 7th floor, and us on the 3rd, and they gave my siblings and I one with a queen bed and a roll-away. They moved us to another room with 2 singles and a roll-away the next night. My parents room was very nice. It was on the club level, with a spacious bathroom, and a very nice bedroom. Our first room was ok, not as big as our parents, but nice. Our last room was horrible. There was rust in the bathtub, and it was very cramped with a rollaway stuffed in there, and the bathroom was almost impossible to maneuver around. I recommend calling to double check your reservations, and ask to be put on a club level if they are available.	
Mar 31 2005	Terrific Hotel!!	Stayed in this hotel twice during a recent trip to London (March 05). I used priceline to get the reservation bidding only $89 a night for a room (used south kensington 4 star hotels to get the bid). Upon arrival (late at night around midnight) I found that the room I had selected (a non smoking room with a queen size bed), had been given out and I was then told that I would have to stay in a smoking room with 2 twin beds. When I told the night manager that I was completely displeased with this, she immediately upgraded me to a room on the Millenium Club floors, a room with a king size bed, and a price tag of over $300, which I was only paying $89 for. On my second stay at the hotel, I was already upgraded in their computer. When I checked in, I expected a regular room but instead found out that I had again been upgraded to the Millenium Club floors. The hotel is right across the street from the Gloucester Rd tube station, which has three different lines going through it, so you can get just about anywhere pretty easily. The bar and restaurants at the hotel are great as are the ones in the area. The concierge desk at this hotel is terrific! They were able to recommend several restaurants in the area, all of them great! (A couple of them make me want to go back to London just to have dinner, never mind the sightseeing). I would highly recommend this hotel, and hope to stay there again on future trips to london.	
Mar 24 2005	Terrific value thanks to Priceline	I stayed here with my wife and 2 1/2 year-old son for one week during an unseasonably warm and unfathomably sunny March. We booked the hotel through Priceline and paid a paltry $90 US. The stay was worth every penny and then some. Like others have written, the location is fantastic--right across the street from the Gloucester Road Underground Station and around the corner from two supermarkets, one of which is a 24-hour Tesco. We were hoping for an upgrade like so many others had received, but unfortunately there was none to be had. No matter. The room was plenty spacious and comfortable. The decor in the bathroom was a little tired, and the paint job in the room had a couple of scars, but so what? This is the first time I have ever stayed at a business class hotel in Europe (as opposed to funky, independently owned properties). Normally, I would tend to avoid chains in search of something with a little more character. Then again, I hadn't travelled overseas with a toddler before, so the trade-off was worth it. To everyone who has complained about the cost of food and ammenities: it's LONDON, for Pete's sake! You don't want to spend twenty bucks a person for breakfast? Go to the Tesco and get an almond croissant for 89p. Geez. And do try the coffee across the street at &quot;La Liaison&quot;--it's quite good and about half the price of the Starbucks around the corner. Why would you want Starbucks anyway when you can get it at home?Would I be so high on this place if I had paid the rack rate? Nope. But I didn't, so I am. Enjoy!	
Mar 24 2005	good hotel good location	I stayed at the MG from march 16-21 and can say that I have no complaints. I am not a really picky person with hotels...as long it is clean and roomy I am satisfied. With that being said....I was satisfied. I got to for dirt cheap on priceline ($81 US) and the other reviews are absolutly correct about the tube station is just steps away from the hotel front and there is a 24hr supermarket, KFC, Burger King, and other small restuarants less than a block away. Phone calls are 50p a minute locally @ for a toll free calls and 1.5pounds for long distance in england and 2.5 or so for international calls. I recommend going to the Change bureau on the corner and getting a calling card for 5 pounds and you can call the states for roughy 125 minutes if you dont do a lot of hanging up ( for connection fees) all in all....i would go back...especially for the price i got .....and I received good service .....if you ask for a US power convertor...they will bring it to your room and dont charge you.....and they let me check in early ( I arrived at roughly noon). Hope you have a safe trip!	
Mar 22 2005	Great Location	I stayed here for one night in February this year with my boyfriend. It's in a great location, about a 30 second walk from Gloucester Road Tube St. I thought the entrance lobby was very nice, it has an fire place and a large seating area. The rooms were a nice size and the bed was comfortable! We ordered room service a couple of times and the staff were a bit slow but friendly. The food we ordered from the Chinese restaurant was delicious and I definitely recommend it.Some of the food and wine maybe a bit pricey, but there are plenty of restaurants on Gloucester Road to choose from, and there is also a 24 hour Tesco Metro across the road. We booked this hotel as a last minute deal so it was great value, I would return to this hotel but I don't think I'd pay full price.	
Mar 18 2005	OK hotel in great location	Stayed one night on 5th March and I wasn't overly impressed by the hotel. Although it's in a great location close to Gloucester Road tube station, that's about the only thing going for it. The heating was non existent and we never saw the maintence man we were promised would come check it. But comfortable bed in a central location at a reasonable price for London. I always stay in this area when I go to London but will not be using this hotel again. There are others in the same area which are slightly more expensive but alot more value for money.	
Mar 17 2005	The Hotel is o.k.	Stayed at the Millenium Gloucester from 3/23 to 3/28. If you're coming from the U.S. make sure you can get an early check in, I didn't and I had to wait in the lobby until 2pm even though my flight got into Heathrow at 9am. If you're expecting a 4 star quality U.S. hotel, forget it. The rooms are a good size but had to call down to get a portable heater because room was cold, electricity went out in the whole room for about a 1/2 hr. one morning and the carpets have lots of stains. Location is great, right next to the tube and the 24 hr. supermarket next door is nice. Not a bad hotel for 100.00 U.S. a night.	
Mar 14 2005	Had a fab time!	The hotel looks quite grand when you go in and first impressions were good. The staff were really friendly and check in was quick. The standard room we booked for £60 through priceline was great value for money. The room and bathroom were really good sizes and had nearly everything you could need. I asked housekeeping for a couple of bathrobes and they arrived within minutes. Parking cost £30 for 24hrs which was quite expensive but worth it for us for the convenience. There were bits that were slightly disappointing such as the wallpaper was peeling off the corner in the bedroom and the tap on the bath was falling out of the wall! Also, the corner room I had overlooked the Holiday Inn and as a light sleeper all the coaches coming and going in the night was bothersome. I got my earplugs out though and slept well. Over all, we had a great time, good value for money, the staff were excellent and I'd probably go back....might upgrade though!	
Mar 12 2005	Close to station	Have just stayed at this 4 star London hotel with my husband. Booked on lastminute and had bargain room rate, but probably got poor room because of this. You can upgrade room for £30 to a club room with free breakfast if you want to splash out.Good points. Very close (1 min) from Gloucester Road underground station. Lovely communial areas e.g. foyer and restaurants. Let us check in early.Bad points. Obviously a business hotal (2 conferences during our stay) therefore very noisy and lots of coming and going. Long waits to check in and out. Staff abrupt and bordering on rude. Rooms a bit like a travelodge.All in all, good location for access/museums, good for business. Avoid if you want a romantic weekend.	
Mar 7 2005	Soggy	We stayed at the Millennium Gloucester in London recently and were woken early by water dripping through the ceiling in our bedroom. After calling the front desk who said they'd send someone - then waited 10 minutes before calling us to tell us again that they would send someone - the someone showed up looked at the leak then left without a word.No-one got back to us about the situation, so as early as it was wejust got up and left. Even at checkout nothing at all was mentionedabout the incident until we brought it up. Then no apology was madeby the receptionist just excuses about many of the staff beingforeign... We realise that it was probably another guest that caused the problem, but I did expect an apology of some sort and to be told what was being done, or if we were to move rooms etc.. We didn't have to check out of the hotel until 12 - were we supposed to stay and listen to the drip of water? Oh and when we looked at the area that had the leak we noticed the ceiling there was black and sagging, so this had obviously not beenthe first time that this had happened. It was supposed to be a thirtieth birthday treat for my other half, but all in all ended up as a bit of a washout.	
Mar 2 2005 	good quality great price	Booked via priceline for a one night stay and got upgraded to a club room at check-in. Rooms spacious and comfortable and offered all we needed for our night in London. Very close to the Tube station, and lots of local restaurants close by. Very friendly helpful staff. Didn't use bar or restaurant facilities - which are 'London Hotel' expensive, but they were full of business people (on expense accounts no doubt). If you get this hotel for a good rate your laughing.	
Mar 1 2005	Excellent Hotel	We just stayed at the Gloucester and loved it. We have absolutely NO complaints. Rooms were large especially compared to typical London hotels. Staff was professional in all respects. Glad we discovered this hotel. Very convenient to tube station (right accross the street). Booked thru Priceline at a very reasonable rate. We highly reccommend the Millennium Gloucester, you can't go wrong.	
Feb 22 2005	decent hotel rate but low on customer svc	Got this hotel for 3 nights via Priceline ($110 USD/nt after taxes). Pros:+Requested a non-smoking room. Received it but I suspect it had to do with the fact that I arrived early in the day. +Room size was above avg, bathroom was modern and clean.+Location was superb - literally a few steps from the Tube stop. Nearby shops and cheap internet cafe also a plus.Cons:-Windows were not insulated well. Cold air seeped in and the room &quot;heater&quot; was a joke (made noise but no heat coming out!).-At check-out, they refused to print out a receipt indicating zero balance. This is common practice at ANY hotel but they just would not do it. No idea why.In short, you get what you pay for - a tourist class hotel with the typical amenities in a great location. Just don't overpay for this one.	
Jan 25 2005	No regrets	Stayed in the Millennium Gloucester on Sat 22 January 2005 having booked through Expedia. No problems on checking in however, the price does not include tax so our standard room booked for 84.50 came to 99.00.Standard room very nice with very large bed, good room furnishings and tea/coffee facilities. Iron and ironboard in room and a well stocked mini bar. Warning - if you move something from the minibar it automatically registers (sensors) with reception so you will be charged for it on booking out!Nice bar in hotel though a bottle of Becks set me back 3.75. Breakfast 20.00 so we went to a nice cafe over the road and had a lovely full english for about a fiver.Excellent location for Harrods (ten mins walk) and Royal Albert Hall (ten mins walk). All in all a lovely Hotel, 4 star quality and I highly recommend it.	
Jan 14 2005	Location: safe clean convenient	My wife and I stayed at the Millenium Gloucester from Dec. 26-Jan.1. I had booked the hotel through Priceline and then we upgraded to a club room for small fee. With the upgrade came a complimentary buffet breakfast each morning. The breakfast food offered something for everyone from a traditional English breakfast to Asian cuisine. The desk staff were very poite and helpful as we checked in early and checked out slightly late with no extra fee. In general the neighborhood is very clean, safe, and convenient to the tube. Every neighborhood of central London is available to you within 15 minutes. One of our favorite pub stops in this area turned out to be the Hereford Pub, just a short walk from the hotel. The tesco grocery store will come in handy too for small snacks like hobnobs....an oat and chocolate treat that is scrumptious. If you're looking for a nice area that isn't part of the hustle and bustle but has easy transportation access to the action, then this hotel is perfect. Rooms are adequate and clean.A word of advice to Heathrow Airport travellers: take the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station and then get a taxi to the hotel.	
Jan 13 2005 	Be forewarned!!	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with Priceline in securing this room. The rate was extremely reasonable (i.e. much less expensive than full price) and overall I was satisfied with my experience. One should be aware that the sense you get when inside this hotel is that it is largely in the business of catering to the business world (and people with business-sized expense accounts). Thus, please be forewarned that if you are coming to London for inexpensive lodging, this may not be the place for you because everything was extraordinarily expensive in this hotel. The price of drinks was outrageous in the hotel bar, the cost of using the internet was nothing short of usury, and phone calls were abominable. We had a fine experience until the very last day when we were instructed by the concierge to make a &quot;toll free&quot; phone call to British Airways which wasn't. The resulting charge was in excess of 20 pounds (i.e., over $40US) and we didn't even get our question answered by BA! The hotel manager that we had to deal with to try to work this issue out was unhelpful, unfriendly and condescending. She told us that we should've had the concierge call because it would've been free to have them do it, so we asked if they could waive the charge since the concierge was ultimately responsible for the error. Of course she said no and was argumentative and said condescendingly, &quot;Sir, London is an expensive city.&quot; That it is, but their charges for internet use were literally 10+ times the cost of the coffee shop across the street! In short, I would've loved to have given my money to a different hotel, even if it were slightly less comfortable, as long as it was run by slightly more reasonable people. If you choose to go to this hotel, I would recommend not eating anything out of the minibar, getting a phone card from a newsagent, using the internet across the street to avoid excessive and unreasonable charges and finally, do not drink in the hotel bar unless you have an expense account.	
Jan 10 2005	I was impressed by staff.	I stayed at the Millenium Gloucester from 12/30-1/5 2004 and I was very pleased with the staff. We booked a regular hotel room on price line, however we requested an upgrade to Millenium Club at no additional cost, the regular rooms and the Millenium club rooms were pretty similar. On our second day a maintenance guy came by and told us our tub was leaking, so we got upgraded to Millenium business club class(now these rooms were totally different) very very nice, contemporary, large, airy and very comfortable. The bathrooms in all three of the rooms were all pretty similar ( full marble and quite nice.) The staff was quite pleasant. The Location was excellent- ( three stops from Victoria and four stops from Oxford Circus, plus a grocery store across the street and one right next door.) If you arrive from Gatwick like I did, just take the Gatwick express from the airport straight to Victoria and then take a cab from Victoria to the hotel , it's less than 8 pounds. We never ate at the hotel because there were quite a few cheaper alternatives all around. Over all the hotel was very nice and I would certainly stay there again. My only gripe wa the extensive smoking in the lobby ( the bar was right there.) We got our rooms for about $68 per night (excellent deal for a 4 star.) BTW we booked a vaction package on priceline. Some of the reviews i read before I booked this hotel were quite harsh, i was expecting lots of problems but nothing major happened. I was extremly pleased with my choice.	
Jan 3 2005	Excellent Choice	My husband &amp; I just spent 5 days here on our first trip to London. This hotel was very comfortable, in a great neighborhood and more than adequate. Although I would like to try another location next time, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. Its right near the Gloucester tube stop and the bus stops. There are great little pubs, restaurants, cafes, convenience stores and little shops nearby. The decor of the hotel is rsther contemporary and not an old fashioned building, but most comfortable. We found the restaurant expensive and did not eat there.	
Dec 26 2004	Very Nice	I stayed here in mid December 2004 and was impressed.I usually stay at the 2-3 star tourist/botique hotels and for a few pounds more this hotel was well worth it.The tourist hotels are ok also but the Millenium is more 'Americanized' with full-size rooms, bathrooms, and staff. If you are an American, especially with your family, and aren't used to Eurpoean size standards, you'll feel more at home here. I've had some tourist hotels where I could barely get in the room and never turn around in the shower - the bathroom at the Millenium was substantial.The hotel was quiet, high quality, and in a nice location.The tube station outside is Gloucester Road - not Kennsington Road as mentioned in a previous review. That threw me off!Gloucester Road tube station is on the all-important Circle and District lines that take you to all the tourist spots, if that is what you are interested in.The neighborhood was nice but a bit sparce as far as restaurants within walking distance - one of the hotel restaurants, &quot;Olives&quot; was good if you are up for steak but pricy if you are on a McDonald's budget.There was a KFC and I think a Burger King in the same block as well as a couple cafes and some kind of a Texas Ribs joint.Of course there were two obligatory traditional pubs nearby where you can get real British brew along with American suds. The staff was very nice and the lobby and public areas were impressive.I guess the only strange thing was the 'Roman Spa' motif in the room and hallway - hanging above my bed was a painting of some Roman dude naked from the waist up that looked like one of those velvet Elvis paintings the Mexicans sell on the street corners in Dallas. WIERD!But it was a nice chuckle to footnote an exceptional stay and a nice hotel.I definately recommend it.	
Dec 14 2004	Nice hotel and great price for 4 stars!	I was very surprised to find such a nice hotel after reading some of the reviews. I disagree that this has 3 star rooms in a 4 star hotel. I was disappointed that we couldn't get a free upgrade but they had four conferences going on so it was expected. We booked our room on priceline for $100/night during Thanksgiving. Our room was very spacious - king size bed, mini bar and a huge tub with marble. The front desk was very accomodating with providing extra pillows and blankets. The concierge was great- we loved every restaurant that he recommended. The French restaurant Lou Pescadou is a must. I couldn't beleive the great location either with the price in London! Across the street from the underground and many cafes around to catch breakfast. Do not get breakfast at the hotel, it will set you back and arm and leg and you can find the same for fraction of the price outside.	
Nov 19 2004 	A great place to stay!!	I stayed at the Millenium Gloucester in mid-November, booking the hotel through Expedia, but upgrading to a Club room once I got there (an extra 30 pounds per night). The room was spacious and modern, and very comfortable. Breakfast, which is also included with the club rate, was also very good, a nice selection of hot and cold food. Also, a complimentary cocktail is included in the evening, nothing special but a nice touch. And the locaton is perfect, the tube station is across the street and central to everything. Overall, my stay was great, I had absolutely no complaints. Just another note, I visited London for business at the same time, and stayed at the Swissotel Howard prior to the Gloucester. The rooms are comparable in all respects, except maybe for the amazing view at the Howard. But the price was double, and no breakfast included!!! I highly recomnend the club rooms at the Gloucester. Sorry I can't comment on the other rooms.	
Nov 5 2004	Very Pleasant Stay	We found this hotel to be a pleasant surprise, considering the great rate we had (via Priceline). The room was modern, clean, spacious and comfortable--and tastefully decorated. The bathroom was a little small. The staff was pleasant and accommodating--though I would do your own research rather than trying to rely on the pleasant but not overwhelmingly competent staff. The location is great, too! Right across from the Kensington tube station--couldn't be easier.We never ate at the hotel, but the bar area is comfortable and becomes fairly active at night. The breakfast served for free in the upgraded Club level lounge is quite decent.By the way, we later stayed at another Millennium Hotel in London (Knightsbridge), which wasn't even half as nice as this one... so if you have stayed there in the past, don't be put off from this one...the Gloucester is a far, far nicer hotel.	
Oct 22 2004	Good hotel for the money	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in october. The lobby looks great but the room was more of a 3-star type than a 4-star. The underground station is just outside the hotel with a 5-minute ride to Piccadilly Circus and Leicester Square.Overall a good hotel for the money (I paid $100/night on Price Line)	
Oct 19 2004	Horrible story	My wife and I got this hotel via Priceline for $84 a night and stayed there for three nights in late September. The hotel itself was situated in a great location only 5 mins from various museums and 10 mins from Kensington Gardens. The hotel itself is an American style hotel that seems to cater to the business crowd. The staff were generally excellent, well-spoken and helpful. We managed to get an early 9am check-in although they did not honor our request for a king bed.That's the good part. The horror story is that my wife arrived earlier than I did and was given our room. She was exhausted from overnight travel and went straight to bed. About an hour after she went to sleep, she awoke to find her bed swarming with BUGS!!!!!! They were all over her, the headboard of the bed, in her clothes, in her hair, etc. Needless to say, she flipped out and after scraping the bugs off of her called the front desk, picked up her bags and left the room. She was greeted at the elevators by the service manager who took her to a club level room. He was very apologetic and all and the new room was better but after he left, that was it. We heard nothing more from the hotel about the incident and never had another apology or concern shown on their part. I was irrate that a hotel of this quality would show so little concern for a guest that had endured that disgusting bed full of bugs. Even worse, I still had to pay for the privilege.In their defence, I will say that the rest of the stay was fine. The only other complaints I can make are that the club level breakfast was crowded and the food was cold and tasteless.For a 4 star hotel, they have a few things to improve upon.	
Oct 13 2004	Really nice stay at the Millennium Gloucester Hotel	We stayed several days at the Millennium Gloucester Hotel in London the beginning of September. We found the hotel to be well kept and attractive and our club room to be large and tastefully furnished. We had continental breakfast each morning and there were many restaurants in the area serving a wide variety of menu choices. In addition the hotel was located near the underground (subway) so access to the various tourist attractions in London were easy to get to.All in all, we would definitely recommend this hotel and look forward to staying there again when we return to London.	
Sep 30 2004	Great place to stay	My husband and I just returned from a week long stay at this hotel. We really lucked out getting this hotel through priceline. We were upgraded to the 7th floor - the club floor - I think due to the length of our stay. (There seemed to be quite a few tour groups and airline staff staying at the hotel for shorter stays.) Our room was large - with a king size bed and a couch. We were also traveling with an infant so we really appreciated the extra room. The room and bath were very clean. The furniture definitely showed some wear but everything still worked just fine. The air conditioning worked well. We could sometimes hear our neighbors due to the adjoining doorway. But other than that it we have no complaints. The location cannot be beat. With the tube station just across the street and around the corner we rode the tube every where. We also enjoyed walking around the neighborhood/Kensington. On our last day we even had the hotel help us hire car service to the airport because of the baby and all the bags. The staff was very helpful.	
Sep 27 2004	Loved the MG ! **No complaints at all !!!!**	This is a wonderful hotel that exceeded all expectations. We would stay again. The area is ideal.	
Sep 12 2004	Cleverly located American-style hotel	We just returned from at four night stay at this hotel. Our flight arrived at 6a and we were concerned about having to lug our baggage around until check-in, but we were given a room right away. The room had not been serviced by a maid yet, but that was quickly rectified by the courteous front desk on our way back out. The room could be refurbished. However, nothing was mismatched, threadbare, or stained. We were looking for a room comparable to american standards with a king size bed, air-conditioning, safe, minibar, and private bathroom located away from the bustlling part of the city and this hotel met everything. The Gloucester Road underground station is across the street on the corner with a beatifully lit tree in front of it. A delicious pastry shop called The Patisserie is across from the station. There is a classic pub on the corner also if you are up for a pint. The Big Bus Tour (open top double decker tour bus) stop is in front of the underground station. This is a perfect hotel for those looking to enjoy all this brilliant captial city has to offer during the day and the comforts of an american hotel at night. A charming, classic British hotel will not be found here.	
Sep 11 2004 	Happy Customer	I did an extensive research of London Hotels before my visit to the city this week. I read hundreds of reviews on hundreds of hotels. I decided on Millennium Gloucester after it was recommended to me by a friend and I'm glad I listened to them! This hotel is in a wonderful location, right across a tube station, Starbucks, Waitrose grocery store and various other restaurants and amenities. Major attractions like Hyde Park, Natural History Museum and Harrods are within walking distance while all the rest are a quick tube ride away.The service was courteous and friendly. The hotel room was clean, spacious and had everything you could need in a standard hotel room - even for North American standards. I agree with the other posts that the hallways need an upgrade with chipped parts and peeling wallpaper - but how many of you spend a lot of time along the halls anyway? The hotel rooms are a bit dark but otherwise, no complaints.This is a hotel I would not hesitate to return to. For the price you pay relative to other hotels in London, this is well worth it.	
Sep 6 2004	Yes this is a good place to stay	Just returned from a three night stay and I have to agree with the other reviewers. The &quot;standard&quot; rooms are very nice, spacious, clean and comfortable. True the wallpaper and carpeting are long overdue for replacement however everything was in good working order and very clean. A few little extras in the room such as in-room safe, iron, ironing board, hair dryer and a heated towel rack! The location is terrific and the hotel is very comfortable and well run. I would certainly recommend it especially if you get a good price (via Priceline). You won't do better anywhere else in the price range.	
Jul 30 2004	I'd stay again	I visited the hotel in mid April 2004. The hotel was located in a safe and convenient area with a tube stop literally across from the hotel's front door. The staff at the hotel could not have been nicer or more helpful. There is a small market and internet cafe close by which was nice. We were thrilled with the room size compared to what we normally get in London. Outside street noise was a little loud but this was a Friday night in London afterall. I would certainly stay there again.	
Jul 29 2004	The Perfect Location...Average Rooms	This hotel is rated 4 star and I'm not entirely sure why. The location in Kensington probably has something to do with it. Unfortunately, you'll have to pay top-end prices for your drinks and food in the hotel for the privilege of being in Kensington.Basically, the other reviews of the standard rooms are right - they are dingy and slightly worn. We were here in Feb 2004 for three nights and if we'd been paying 4 star prices, we'd be disappointed. Despite that, it is in the perfect location to get around London town no matter where you want to go or where you are coming from and there are some very good restaurants within 200-300 yards or so. It's a nice neighbourhood too.There's a small Italian place pretty much directly across the road from the hotel that is excellent and one of London's best Indian restaurants is literally around the corner. There's also a very small Thai restaurant within 100 yards or so (turn left out of the main lobby and left again) that offers great food for way below regular London prices.If you are coming to town from abroad and want a good base from which you can explore London, then this is a good choice but try to get your rooms at 3 star prices. That way you won't be disappointed.	
Jul 17 2004	Some of you are a bit harsh	I stayed here for 10 days last November and thought the hotel was an excellent value. If you check out costs in London you will find this hotel offers a great deal considering its fine location to the tube and other nearby museums and shopping. I was almost afraid to go there after reading some of the reviews, but since we were booked on a 10 night package deal through a group tour specialist we couldn't change our minds. After 10 nights there we were more than pleased with the value.I think a lot of the complainers are used to North American chains and possibly have never been to Europe. My husband and I have travelled extensively through Europe including countries formerly behind the Iron Curtain and if you spend any time abroad you quickly learn that what is important to North Americans such as spotless carpets is not so important over there. You are staying in one of the most expensive cities in the world and you get fair value for your money.The rooms are quite large and are furnished in a genteel &quot;shabby&quot;style. Nearly everyone who reviewed the hotel said they had paid a reasonable amount (by London standards) so don't expect it to be like the Dorchester.No hotel is perfect but this one is convenient, has a good staff and if you look around the lobby you will see it has a fairly upscale clientele as well as its share of younger less well heeled travellers. If you can get a good deal, go for it.	
Jun 24 2004	Loved it !	We were very happy with the Millenium Gloucester. Great upscale neighborhood, convenient to the underground &amp; shopping.Attentive staff &amp; very nice rooms. Would recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Jun 16 2004	I paid $90 / night...	Can't disagree with the reviews that state that the rooms are a bit rundown-looking----but I was sent here after booking at the Millenium Bailey's via Expedia for $90 / night for a stay in April, so I won't complain.The location is definitely spectacular; you can hit the Gloucester Road tube station with a spitball. Unless you're in a hurry and/or scared of crowds, I would take the Tube directly from Heathrow, rather than paying extra for Heathrow Express. Gloucester Road is about 12 stops in; takes a little under an hour... but there's no transfer involved, and it costs about 3 pounds. I found the room to be fairly sized-- they moved us to a (very!) far corner after we politely refused the first room for having twin beds instead of a queen. Definitely some peeling paint etc. issues-- I took pics for laughs-- but the service was great and the only mention of being sent over from the cheaper place next door came when I (in my brazen American fashion) asked if I could get Virgin Flying Club miles for my stay (the response: &quot;That promotion is reserved for those who pay the corporate rate,&quot; with a eyebrow raised towards the sign that said 'standard room: L305').Overall, recommended.	
Mar 20 2004	Filthy Carpets	Filthy Carpets. Wore shoes and socks at all times in the room and bathroom. Ceiling peeling off above shower. Poorly lit room and poorly lit hallways. Did not feel safe. Not up to cleanliness standards for Americans - every Comfort Inn I've ever stayed at was far better lit and appointed. Very much an international hotel - over half of the TV stations were not in English. Would not stay again. We had asked to see another room when first shown to our room and the second room looked as bad as the first and was further from the elevator. Charged us (4 pounds) to keep luggage locked up )stored) for 2 hours before our departure - even after we had been there a week.	
Mar 15 2004	Convenient And Reasonable	I stayed at the Millennium Gloucester for a three day stint between March 4 - March 7.First off, it is incredibly convenient to the Gloucester Road Tube stop. Second, The Gloucester Road Tube stop is relatively convenient to the LHR Express, as both are stops on the Circle Line, thus you don't need to switch lines in order to get to or from the hotel from/to Paddington Station.When I first arrived, they initially told me that they only had a non-smoking room with twin beds. When I pressed them gently, they upgraded me to a Club room, though as I discovered, in Siberia. The hotel is laid out in an &quot;H&quot; pattern, with the elevators (or lifts, if you prefer) located in the cross-bar. Maybe it was to give me a better view but I ended up at one end of one of the vertical sections of the &quot;H&quot;. Quite a walk from the lift.I asked them for a room closer to the elevators the next day and I was accommodated without any issues. The view from my original room was better but I was willing to sacrifice the view for a much shorter walk to and from the elevators.The rooms were on the small side but not terrible. Both had a desk to write at, a reasonable bath, and the beds were both comfortable and clean.The staff was quite cordial and at one point very helpful when I inadvertently left some shirts in a drawer in the first room. The woman at the front desk offered to meet me at my original room to allow me to retrieve my belongings and she made the whole thing very easy.In addition to being convenient to the Tube stop, on the same street, there was a Waitrose supermarket, an all night market, a Starbuck's and a number of restaurants including some low-cost alternatives. The Starbuck's was crucial as the hotel did not offer any high-speed Internet access so I was forced to use the T-Mobile wireless in addition to getting my daily coffee there.The neighborhood is quite nice and convenient to several other areas, without being overly congested or too touristy. If you like being close to but not in the middle of the tourist areas, this is an ideal hotel. I would stay here again.	
Feb 10 2004	Standard rooms were run down	Date of stay : 8 - 10 Feb 04 Type of room : 3rd flr Standard Double (non-smoking) Location  - About GBP 30 cab (radio cab, not London cab) ride (or roughly 25 mins during non-peak hr) from Heathrow airport  - About 20m from Gloucester Tube stn  - Quite a few bus-stops within 5 min walk  - Close to a Waitrose supermarket (next to tube stn)  - Decent no. of restaurants, cafe, pubs &amp; fast foods outlets in vicinity Room  - Passageway to rm had worn &amp; scruffy carpet and damaged wallpaper  - Decent sized room  - Furniture showing wear  - Wallpaper was torn in some spots (Millennium Club rms probably nicer)  - Room's carpet was clean, but badly stained  - Room had insufficient lights &amp; there was no central switch  - Thermostat control did not work very well  - Sheets were clean, but worn  - Mattress provided decent support  - Had a safe in the room Gym  - No free weights, but quite a few exercise bikes  - Overall, basic, but able to offer decent workout Bathroom  - A little cramp  - Well maintained (no mold in corners)  - Nice powerful shower  - Deep &amp; long bathtub  - Had a towel warmer Breakfast  - Hot breakfast was nice  - Large offering of pasteries &amp; roll Staff  - Courteous &amp; attentive, except for a Filippino manager at breakfast who told off a member of her staff in front of guests Overall  - An average hotel  - Easy access to public transport  - Rooms &amp; passageways need to be refurbished	
Dec 29 2003	excellent location great hotel	We wanted a nice and clean hotel in a very good location(near shops and the city) and Millennium Gloucester was the perfect one. With a supermarket and the Metro station just 1 minute away from the hotel's door, Millennium Gloucester was the perfect choice...	
Nov 16 2003	Great Hotel		
Oct 13 2003	Millenium Gloucester Hotel		
Sep 14 2003	Well Located and Comfortable but a bit Boring		
Sep 10 2003	So So		
Jun 11 2003	best hotel ever		
May 31 2003	Great hotel 		
Mar 5 2003	Mixed Feelings		
Jan 7 2003	Terrific London Home Base		
Dec 27 2002	Standard rooms disappoint		
Sep 23 2002	Terrible Experience		
Oct 12 2009	albergo comodissimo		
Oct 3 2009 	un bon hôtel admirablement situé		
Sep 5 2009 	???????????		
Jul 13 2009 	Si encuentras una buena oferta contratalo pero no esperes un hotel de 4 estrellas		
Mar 2 2009 	??????????????		
Feb 2 2009 	????????		
Jan 6 2009	Vi consiglio il Millenium Gloucester a Londra!!!		
Oct 5 2008 	???????????????????		
Aug 17 2008	Impeccable !		
Mar 31 2008 	Muy buen hotel y muy bien situado		
Mar 27 2008 	Surement pas un hotel de luxe mais... tellement bien situe!		
Aug 27 2007 	Muy buen hotel buen nivel		
Jul 24 2007 	sehr gute Lage und sehr zufrieden		
