Nov 26 2009 	Perfect Location - Not a Perfect Hotel but we would return......	We booked this as a mystery hotel on Late Rooms and thought the rates we paid were fine for the experience we had over our 4 nights stay. In many ways this hotel probably isn't quite a 5 star, but having said that, it wasn't bad. The location is absolutely it's finest selling point. 2 mins walk to Holburn Underground and London is at your mercy!! We tubed it pretty much everywhere - including up to Wembley for an England game we were seeing whilst we were here. As an added bonus it is also in walking distance of pretty much everything too, so if you are not one for the tubes, I'd still reccomend this location. We walked up to Drury Lane (&amp; back) for the theatre one evening and had a pleasant daytime stroll from the hotel to Trafalgar Square, Downing Street and Westminster - although admittedly the second time we were heading Westminster way we got on the Underground!Our room was 'fine' - we did have a super king bed, which probably didn't help to make the room look very big! But we still had adequate room to get dressed in - although it has to be said our bathroom was the tiniest I have ever had in a hotel! There literally was enough room to open and close the door...... but then I wasn't in London to sit around in the bath to be honest!! And I was told when requesting a high floor at the back of the hotel (which was lovelt and quiet by the way!!) that the size of the bathroom would suffer due to the shape of the building..... so I can't really complain.We ordered pizza from room service one night when we were late back.... I wouldn't reccomend that!! We also never had breakfast at the hotel as the prices seemed steep - especially when there is a Wetherspoons 3 mins walk away where you can get a breakfast and still get change from £3.00!! There are also numerous other cafes/pubs that are open early for breakfast, this being London.The bar downstairs has a great drinks menu, it's just a shame that the guy who seemed to be on it most of the time we were there was a right miserable so and so!! He gave me the impression he thought we were 'not good enough' or not 'rich enough' to warrant his very best personal attention. Whether this is because having been walking around London in the cold, we were often dressed in jeans/trainers and jumpers/coats I have no idea! But it was fun to watch his face when we went from arriving and promptly ordering a pint each to quench our thirst, with a chaser to warm us up (cue snear!) to then ordering his most expensive bottle of champagne!! Call me petty, but it really made me chortle at the time (in my scruffy jeans!) I must add the remainder of the staff were excellent and very helpful - just watch out for your bill as you check out, as the mini bar sensor is VERY sensitive and you will likely have things appear on there that you never touched! The staff were quick to remove them from the bill as soon as we mentioned it though.All in all a great trip and I would stay here again for it's location - I might even wear ripped jeans for the barman next time ;)	
Nov 23 2009 	Good location but rooms need to be improved!	We just had a short stay at the Hotel to see some nearby museums and also to shop. On a positive note the location is very good. The negative side of the hotel is the quality of the rooms. They are shaby, old fashioned and in urgent need of an overall. Our bathroom basin was cracked and it did not empty easily. My wife also found a &quot;used&quot; tissue in the top of the wardrobe. This was not too pleasant. However, the pool is excellent and the breakfast was ok. I would rate this hotel as a 3 star and a fair price should be £90/night max. We paid much more!	
Nov 8 2009 	Good Location but bit pricey for what you get (or don't get)	My husband stayed here for the weekend of 30th and 31st Oct 09 checking out on the 1st Nov 09. I had checked out a few of the previous reviews on this hotel and it seemed ok and we wanted somewhere close to Covent Garden and the theatre area. Reason for short break was to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday with a theatre show and general sightseeing around the city. First impressions of the hotel seemed quite grand, we had travelled on the tube it wasn't too far from Holborn underground, about a 5 min walk (if that) so location could not really be faulted. We had booked through expedia to get some points for our Nectar card account and booked a Superior Room with 1 queen sized bed. I had emailed the hotel in advance to let them know of the special occasion we were celebrating and they had acknowledged that they might be able to do &quot;something&quot; for us. On checking in we were asked if we wanted to upgrade our room (at an extra cost I might add), but I mentioned that I had already sent an email explaining the purpose of our special visit and was informed that they would upgrade us to a &quot;Superior Room&quot;, funny as I thought at the time that's what we had already booked but as I didn't bring the details with me I couldn't check. On checking out on the Sunday I asked at the desk what they had our original booking as and was told we had booked a &quot;Standard Room&quot; but on looking on their website I cannot seem to find &quot;Standard Room&quot; descriptions or prices so I'm now wondering if we ever did get a free upgrade?? On another note, we asked on 2 occasions at the front desk if we could have a couple of mugs sent up as we found the cups and saucers provided for tea/coffee in the room too small, we were looked at in a blank expression as if they weren't too sure what we were talking about but assured they would be sent up to our room - nothing ever appeared. Also although the room was quite as we were on the 3rd floor the view left something to be desired, we had a rather dull view of the side of what I think was an office block and on the Saturday morning was awoken by the sound of the refuse truck reversing down the side street, good job I'm used to waking early but it would've been nice to have a bit of a lie in for a change! We also found the housekeeping service was a bit late on the Saturday, we had gone out for nearly the whole day returning about 5pm only too find that the room had not been cleaned or the bed made, we thought maybe it was because we hadn't put the card on the door to do so but on previous hotel experiences found that they would come and knock on the door and do it if you weren't there. Anyhow, we had a knock on the door around 5.30pm asking if they could clean the room but we had to ask them to come back about 6.30pm when we would be going out again, the housekeeping lady promptly returned at this time. But then on returning to the room later that evening found that although she had cleaned the very small bathroom we had, she had forgotten to empty the already overflowing small waste bin in the bedroom, probably a minor oversight. Another thing was the basic hairdryer they supply in the room, it is hidden away in a drawer which is also where it is plugged into so you only have one area to dry &amp; style your hair, it only had 2 heat/speed settings on it so if you wanted any heat out of it you had to have the air speed on full blast and it got so hot that the nozzle starting melting! We had also asked for a small jug of fresh milk as we don't like the uht milk they give you in those small pots for tea and coffee, on trying to keep in cool I had to move some items round in the fridge not realising that it was register that I was using drinks out of the mini-bar, but after explaining they made sure we weren't charged. My advice is if you want a hotel near to Covent Garden and Theatre land then this is ideal but it is a bit pricey, breakfast is almost £28 each so we went out to Covent Garden to Maxwells for the same full english with tea and fresh juice and it came to about the same for the both of us.	
Nov 7 2009 	Good location poor welcome.	This hotel has potential; with its central location it makes a good base for visiting the main attractions of the West End, with easy access to the City too.The main problem was around a poor Check in - a small desk staffed in some cases with people who could not operate the system - leading to frustrating delays. This aspect felt cheap - penny pinching really. Given that poor first impression the Hotel then has to impress further - it didn't 'wow' me. The room I had was a grood stretch from the elelvators - the layout is like a hockey stick viewed from above - curling round on itself but it was quieter there. The decor is very heavy 1980's - not to my taste and a bit worn now.The room was ok for one though I think it was a double - it felt smaller than rooms in Japan. All clean and tidy; the bathroom was a bit small too - the door got in the way.Breakast - just one staff member checking room numbers and showing people to tables caused more queues - two staff would have alterred that process to the customers benefit. Having said that the coffee came quickly and the food choice was reasonable. Overall the staff I met, in corridors and the health club for example were friendly. Some smarter organisation in critical areas e.g. Reception and breakfast would have made it a better stay.	
Nov 1 2009 	Fine though perhaps just not as good as the Grange City!	I have stayed at the Grange City quite a few times and opted to try the Grange Holborn for a change. It's fine, just not as new, the rooms are not as opulent and the pool and spa not quite as good either (there is no jacuzzi, be warned!). We initially were given a very small twin room on the front of the hotel which was incredibly noisy. After a not very good night's sleep we requested to change rooms and we were upgraded to a twin queen room at the back which was quieter. This was a large room with two queen size beds, a definite plus. The staff are absolutely fantastic here though. They are friendly, positive and extremely helpful. I couldn't fault their professionalism and customer service.	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice Place Great Location	Went to London for the NFL Game. Hotel is 1 Block from the Holborn Tube Station and in the heart of the Holborn Area. Room was very spacious and clean..the bed was very comfortable. The British Museum, Leister Square and Picadilly Circus are all within a nice 20 minute walking Distance. Great Place to base for your London Holiday.	
Oct 27 2009 	Remarkable Stay with Wonderful People. (It is above 5*)	The location of the hotel is very good. Room was cleaned with enough amenities in the bath. Good choice of items in the mini bar, Optional pay TV and tea coffee making facility in room was excellent. Breakfast was busy but we received a superb service from breakfast staff members and had a good selection of food. One bad point, £23 for English breakfast is bit expensive.We had a couple of drinks at the lobby bar. Good selection of drinks with wonderful service from friendly bar staff. We had room service dinner, which arrived without incident and was consumed and enjoyed by all without complaint. Room service order delivery person was well trained and he was very helpful.The waiting staff were really attentive and made us feel at ease during our stay. Even when we passed a member of staff in the corridor or lobby bar area they were very welcoming.Check in and out was quick and handled in friendly manner.We will recommend this hotel to all our friends and we will come back.	
Oct 20 2009 	Very average and not 5 star	Booked as part of a show and stay deal for my girlfriends 30th, first bad point on arrival at our room it had not been made this however was corrected very quickly and we got a free upgradeSecond bad point, went for the extra full english breakfast one morning only one arrived at first till I prompted them, then l got the wrong egg scambled instead of fried and when they finally corrected that one fried egg was cold and one was not fully cooked.third bad point, watched a movie one night and the sound was very intermittent.On a good note the bar and concierge staff were very attentive and our room was very clean, would make a very good 4 star but a bit lacking for the 5th	
Oct 19 2009 	Love everything about this hotel	I have just returned from my 2nd stay at this hotel and I will be returning again.The rooms I have stayed in are perfect,very well equipped, powerful showers, comfy beds &amp; air-con. Continental breakfast holds a good selection and full english is also available at an additional charge - room service also available.The bar is a very pleasant area serving late to residents, I am yet to try the Japanese restaurant.The Grange is situated within an ideal location, within walking distance of most attractions, including Oxford Street, Covent Gardens &amp; The West End.I am happy to recommend this hotel.	
Oct 5 2009 	Not quite 5* but close	I plumped for this hotel as the cheapest '5*' near Oxford Street on lastminute on the nights of our trip, as a bit of a treat. Check out the hotel website for the best deals.The hotel lobby is clean and nicely decorated. The room was very nice- having expected a fairly standard twin, we were pleasantly surprised to get a lovely dual aspect room with two double beds, very tastefully decorated (not shabby, not dated as suggested by some reviews). Despite having a room overlooking the intersection of two busy streets, the double glazing in the rooms mercifully kept all of the traffic noise out.As for the staff, the concierge were the real stars. I forgot my phone charger, so no problem, they took the battery, charged it up and brought it to my room half an hour later. Always helpful, always friendly, always going above and beyond. The staff on reception was efficient, even a little too efficient, failing to bother with many niceties you'd hope for at a 5*, like asking about your stay on checkout.The downsides- no free internet- not even on the lobby computers. I've stayed in much poorer hotels than this, but I think this is the first time that there were computers in the lobby, and you had to pay to use the internet on them. Seemed a bit cheapskate for a 5*. Though there was plenty to choose from with the continental breakfast, and the quality was high, it was a shame there was no Full English option. Also, there were fire alarm tests on both days we were there- one at 10am, no problem, but the 4am one was annoying, especially when no apology or explanation was given upon checkout.Added to this, the hotel didn't have any of the finishing touches you would hope from a 5*- a bath robe, flipflops, bottled water outside of the mini bar. Still, if you expect all this, it shouldn't put you off what is a lovely hotel. Would stay here again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Wouldnt really say it was 5 star...	This Hotel has a great location and for the price was very good. We were a little dissapointed in the sense that we were expecting 5 star as i didint really feel it deserved a 5 star status.Our room was dark with a view of a high rise building (i think the other part of the hotel) 10 feet away and the generators! We closed the curtains and turned the lights on to try and ignore this horrible view and get some light in. When i asked if there was another room i was told we had been upgraded already!! Slightly embarrasing - i dread to think what the previous room would of looked like. The other couple in our group on the other hand had a lovely large room with a view out onto the street and a sofa. I think its pot luck what room you get! I must say the beds were large and soooo comfy and soft. The minibar in our room wouldnt open but it did in the other couples room so again pot luck!The reaon we chose this hotel is because we wanted a central London hotel near the theatres that had a spa we could enjoy during the day. The pool was lovely although a little cold. Very disspointed there was no jacuzzi. The steam room was a small pokey uninviting room that wasnt hot or steamy enough. The sauna was nice but also on the small side.We only ate in the restaurant for breakfast. We had to pay £8 extra for an English Breakfast which we had to do as the croissants and choc au pains included in our room rate were stale.The bar downstairs was nice and the staff across the hotel were all friendly.Overall, this was a nice Hotel and i would stay here again however i dont feel it deserves its 5 star status - i would say 4 star.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great staff roomy bedroom comfy beds... Will stay again.	We booked this hotel through &quot;Top Secret Hotels&quot; on LastMinute.com and got a superior double for £85. When the hotel was named (after we booked it due to the Top Secret thing) we checked their website and we could have got the room £5 cheaper. We would've never checked this hotel in the first place though so the extra £5 is acceptable as a finder's fee! The location is excellent being walking distance from Covernt Garden, Oxford Street etc, providing you've got a decent pair of shoes which always helps when wandering around London. We were about an hour early when we arrived and our room wasn't ready - but they gave us a card so we could go and use the pool/steam/sauna. The sauna and pool were nice but the steam could have been steamier and a bit quieter (the steam generator must be a bit old). By the time we'd had a dip a room was ready. The reception staff were lovely and upgraded us. The room and bathroom were clean and modern and the bed was very comfortable.All in all a great experience. I'll definately go back.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent stay @ hotel in great location.	We booked this hotel as a 'top secret' hotel on lastminute.com for £105 in a superior room only no breakfast. When we recevied the confirmation and read the reviews of the hotel we were a little unsure if we had made the right choice! I contacted the hotel by email prior to our stay to ask about an early check in and the cost of breakfast etc, I mentioned it was our weddig anniversary and we were give a complimentary upgrade to a executive king room. .When we arrived check in was swift and friendly, despite us arriving early our room was ready for us. We were more than happy with our upgraded room which was a good size - the bathroom was on the small side but is well appointed. The communal areas, hallways etc were also very good, clean and looked to be recently decorated. We did wonder how small our original room would have beenWe had afternoon tea in the lounge bar which was reasonably priced at £9.50pp but were a little dissapointed as it consisted of one scone with jam and cream, 3 tiny little triangle sandwichs on semi stale bread, one small bite sized cake, a couple of weird meat and pinapple of sicks and a pile of crisps which seemed to have been put there to make up for the lack of anything else. We also had one small pot of tea between us and when we asked for more they simply refilled the pot with hot water resulting in very weak tea. This said it was the only thing that we could say let the hotel down. We had drinks in the hotel on our return after a night out and my husband says the cocktails were excellent.The bed was comfortable and the shower hot and powerful, there was a little road noise but not so much it bothered us and we had a great nights sleep. We decided not to have breakfast at the hotel at £23pp but walked to Covent Garden which is a ten minute walk and found a lovely restaurant where we both had breakfast for less than it would have cost for one of us in the hotel.All in all a great stay with excellent service for a good price. Would be happy to stay again if we could get a similar deal.	
Sep 6 2009 	First Class hotel accommodation service facilities and food all excellent.t.	The room was tastefully appointed with first class facilities. The service we received from the moment we arrived until we departed could not be bettered. haveAs a much travelled person, I have no hesitation in giving this hotel an unqualified recommendation.DJ	
Aug 31 2009 	don't let the other reviews put you off.....	I booked this hotel as a lastminute.com secret hotel, but after reading the reviews on here I was really worried..without reason, we were really pleasantly surprised. Initially our room was on the small side so we asked to be moved; the 2nd room was great (probably an upgrade) with a huge bathroom. The staff were really helpful &amp; very friendly- the assistant concierge chased after us down the street when he realised he'd given us the wrong address for a local Thai restaurant! The location was great, walking distance to Oxford St/Soho etc. The neighbourhood is pretty quiet at night but we did find a lovely Italian restaurant just up the road. Yes the sound on the TV did fade in &amp; out but big deal..you don't go to London to watch telly. Didn't try out the spa but the pool looked great. I would stay again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Fantastic hotel great location	We booked this hotel on lastminute.com and could not have chosen better. Fantastic serv ice from the minute we checked in, staff could not have done more, they were extremely friendly. Best of all its so central we could walk everywhere and hardly needed to use public transport. We would highly recommend this hotel.Best cocktails we have had! be sure to try them.Spa is fantastic.	
Aug 24 2009 	Couldn't really get much better!	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com as a surprise for my wife on our anniversary and I am so pleased I did. From the outside the hotel doesn't look spectacular but once you step over the threshold it is a different matter. OK the reception isn't the biggest in the world but then again, you are not staying in reception. The hotel was spotless and the reception staff friendly and polite. We were given an upgrade to an executive room, everything was clean and tidy, the room included a large bathroom with both shower and bath, a sofa to sit on and an enormous bed.My only criticism is that the sound on the TV kept dropping out, but if that is all you have to moan about then it can't be bad.	
Aug 21 2009 	excellent service and the most comfortable bed ever!	I booked hotel with a theatre trip so got an excellent deal. The service was excellent and staff very friendly and helpful. On arrival we were delighted to hear that we had been given a complimentary upgrade to an executive kingsize suite which obviously made our stay even better. The room, whilst being on the small size for a suite, was more than adequate for 2 people and the bed was the most comfortable bed ever, better than my own bed at home! A light breakfast was included in the price which was more than I would normally eat - fresh fruit, toast, cold meats, cheeses, pastries, criossants, tea/coffee and fruit juices. We also had the pre-theatre meal which was excellent and good value at £19.95 for 3 courses. I think if I had paid full price for the hotel I would've been disappointed as it is probably not what you would expect a 5* hotel to be, but for the price I paid it was fantastic value for money and I would definately book again if I could get a similar deal.	
Aug 17 2009 	Avoid if you want 5 Star	Maybe it is me but when i think of a 5 star hotel I expect that they do the basics flawlessly with at least one or two special touches to distinguish it from a well run 4 star. How Grange got 5 stars is a mystery. It is at best an adequate 4 star. On the good side it has a great location with the tube very close. On the poor side was the size of the room, tiny! There was just about 6-12 inches of space around the bed. The room keys kept malfunctioning, the sink stopper/plug did not work, the shower was weak, there was a musty smell throughout. The spa had nice treatments but nothing special. The walkway to the health club smelt awful. When I had the treatment there was no room to relax afterwards and enjoy the afterglow. The staff were uninterested in customers, other than a helpful concierge. The TV did not work properly, the mini bar would not open (although this was a blessing considering how expensive it was). The bar menu had half the items unavailable. I could go on. If you go with low expectations and use it as a base to explore London then it is ok, otherwise don't expect the 5 star treatment.	
Aug 10 2009	Brilliant accomodation and service	We checked into the Grange Holborn on Friday night and after reading reviews on Tripadvisor I was very apprehensive. The hotel was booked as part of a package deal for my hen weekend and there were 8 of us staying for the weekend in twin rooms. We checked in quickly and effortlessly and our bags were brought to our rooms. All the rooms were very large and spacy with big lcd tv's. We all had 2 double beds in a room which was great. The only downside to the rooms were the size of the bathrooms which were compact given the large side of the room. Breakfast in the morning wasn't too bad. Continental breakfast was included in our room rate but you could upgrade to Full English for an extra £8 but we didn't see the need. There was a huge selection of cereals, fruit juices, fresh fruit, meats and cheeses, croissants and danish pastries. On top of that there was fresh tea and coffee and toast. Plenty to fill you up for the day. On Saturday centrered around a Spa day using the hotels facilites. This was a little bit of a let down. If you just want a swim and a sauna/ steam then its fine but its not designed for lazing around as it was sold to us. The only chairs available were dining style chairs which were not comfortable!! Spa treatments I would give a miss for what they charge. I had my nails done and her techniques and hygiene were questionable to say the least. The therapists are all eastern european and quite brash to say the least. The Hotel is in an excellent location for getting out and about and is literally 2 mins away from the tube and 5 from Convent Garden. Overall it was a pretty good hotel and I would stay there again. Its not a 5 star bordering on 4 I think but not anywhere near as bad as other reviews.	
Jul 27 2009 	Not 5 star but good enough	Booked through lastminute secret hotels, and I was a bit disappointed when I'd read the reviews here. Wasn't expecting much at all. However, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised and we had an enjoyable stay.Plus Points -- fantastic location (probably only time I've been to London and not had to set foot on the tube!). 15 mins walk to West End / Covent Garden, 5 mins to British Museum.- large room, comfortable bed, lovely bathroom- pool / gym are ok. Nothing special but ok.- staff were really helpful, getting out maps and A-Z to help us find where we were going. Always smiling and helpful.Downsides -- breakfast is a ridiculous £24. I know it's London, but seriously !- decor a bit cheesy and datedOverall, I feel ambivalent about it - nothing special, nothing awful. It would do fine although it's really the location that's moved this from a 2 to a 3 rating.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good location but not a good hotel	Stayed for the weekend and must say I was very disappointed having booked what is described as a five star hotel. My husband booked it and he had not researched it in trip advisor first if he had he wouldn't have booked it. The hotel is in a great location which was the only thing that I could recommend about it. The rooms were in need of modernisation and the customer service was non existent. Could think of a lotter better places to stay in London at the same price.	
Jul 15 2009 	Really disappointed	I thought we had struck lucky when I managed to book the Grange Holborn through Lastminute.com's secret hotels. We got a 'superior double' room in this '5 star hotel' for a rate of £130 for the one night and I was impressed by the hotel description and the fact that it had a swimming pool and spa facilities. My husband and I were staying overnight in London to see the opera at Covent Garden and then for me to go on a business trip from St Pancras the following morning, so the location was ideal. When we checked into the hotel, the first thing that struck us was how small the reception desk was. However, as it was lunchtime, they managed to check us in reasonably quickly and there was no problem with them having our booking. I wouldn't like to think how long you'd have to wait if it was busy, though! We made our own way to our room (106) which was on the first floor where the conference facilities are, which again, was not a problem. However, when we entered the room we found the 'superior double' to actually be a fold down bed, similar to a sofa bed, which was part of a cabinet unit! It had metal corners which proved quite painful when you hit your legs on them trying to get round the bed!The room was a reasonable size, but the bed was tiny, and there didn't seem to have been any thought put into how the furniture was laid out, e.g two armchairs just plonked in a corner with no table at all in the room. The television, as has been reported by other posters, provided an intermittent signal, which was very annoying, and the bathroom was the smallest I've ever seen in a hotel, and I've stayed ina few! The room was at the back of the hotel, which meant it was reasonably quiet. When we queried whether this was, in fact, a 'superior' room we were told that all rooms were 'superior' and that the only difference was whether you got a double or a king-sized bed!We visited the health and fitness suite and I luckily managed to get a lastminute treatment with the lovely beauty therapist - couldn't fault that and she was fantastic. However, my husband made use of the pool and couldn't stay in it that long because it was the same shallow depth all the way across. The gym is small but functional.We found the staff to be reasonably disinterested, and I wonder if that's because we got the room at a cheap rate. There was also an issue when we tried to buy a drink in the bar in the evening, and the staff told me that I would have to pay cash as my credit card hadn't been processed on check-in. Well, this was complete rubbish and I had the receipt to prove it, but I still had to provide my credit card again for processing. I shall be checking my statement very carefully! We didn't hang around the next day and certainly won't be going back. The only other positive thing I can think to say is that the location is certainly good and a very short walk from Holborn tube.	
Jul 15 2009 	Good stay	Nice room, well equipped (except tv control didn't work). Restaurant food good, breakfast good. Bathroom small but well designed. Perfectly good stay in very convenient location for my meetings.	
Jul 9 2009	Very Pleased	After reading bad reviews of the Grange hotel, Holborn. I was pleasantly suprised when i got to the hotel. The staff were extremley helpful. We got to the hotel an hour before check in and killed some time in the hotel bar/lounge, the waitresses were really nice and brought our drinks over to us, so we did'nt have to wait at the bar.Our room was on the 8th floor and was very clean, the room had beatifull floor to ceiling windows and was spacious. We had a king size bed and it was really comfy. Our room was always cleaned when we needed it to be and cleaned to a high standard. The hotel is in a central location and is a very short walk from Holborn tube station, also about a ten minute walk from covent garden.The roadworks mentioned in previous reviews did not bother us at all but after all you have to expect high traffic noise, you are staying in London!I came down to London to see Take That at Wembley Stadium but stayed at the hotel for five nights, it was a lovley stay and i will stay there again.	
Jul 8 2009 	OK but definitely not 5 star	This hotel is nice, but.....I do not think it is worth the price. It is indeed just a couple of blocks away from a tube station thus making travel convenient. The lounge downstairs in nice, but is not air conditioned and was very hot. We booked this hotel thru Orbitz and had several problems. First, we were told via Orbitz that check in was at 1pm. The hotel said is was at 2pm so we ended up having to kill an hour with our luggage in the lounge. Second. We paid for two queen beds, ie the executive package. There was 4 of us. My wife and I and our two children. The room we were given was a single twin bed! After talking with the manager, we were finally given the correct room. Another hour gone waiting for the correct room to be cleaned. Condition of the room was nice. The tv had an annoying habit of losing the signal about every 20 seconds. The front desk said it was a common problem with sky and nothing they could do nothing about it. Ended up paying a 78 pound fee for a hotel car ride to the airport as we were running late. Told the ride would only take one hour. Ride took almost two hours. Driver dropped us off at the wrong terminal for British Airways and we ended up missing our flight. The hotel staff, while friendly, was not very knowledgeable about various tickets they were selling (bus tours, shows etc.) We were overcharged on two occasions. Not sure if this was lack of communication (staff was mostly Pakistani or Indian) or by design.	
Jul 7 2009 	perfect location to see most of London’s landmarks with friendly and helpful but never importunate service	For our last weekend trip to London we chose the Grange Holborn Hotel as the place to stay. The Hotel has the perfect location to see most of London’s landmarks. Public transportation is nearby (bus and subway only 100m distance) but for active people all landmarks are within walking distance.All staff was friendly and helpful but never importunate. The room we occupied was spacious and clean. A selection of brochures for sightseeing was available. A comprehensive breakfast was included in our weekend rate which included an English breakfast a la carte.Altogether a good Hotel in a good location.	
Jun 27 2009 	Good location But no 5 star	This is a good location if you want to explore london , but how i t got 5 star il never know we were there during the heaviest snow falls in england in 50 years ( last january / febuary ) made the city absolutely beautiful but the rooms in the hotel were like a fridge horrible trying to sleep , and the rooms were absolutely tiny only enough room for bed and to get around the bed , really wasnt impressed . there is a nice swimming pool down stairs and its a nice area to chill out in the evenings after a marathon walk around london :) but that was the one positive about this hotel , when our flight out of london was cancelled due to snow and we had to stay an extra night they absolutely took advantage of the situation an charged us the same as we had paid for 4 days for one day extra basically doubling the price for us , one morning we were late getting up and missed the cleaners going around , when we left the hotel around lunch time i asked at reception for our room to be made up , when we cam back late that night it hadnt been touched , i really couldnt recommend this hotel , very poor value for money and i wouldnt rate it anything more than a 3 star and thats being generous	
Jun 17 2009 	Disappointing	Our stay here was disappointing. We found the room small and stuffy, and the air conditioning was noisy and disturbing. the health club in the basement is good and the reason for giving the second star. However that cannot compensate for the disapointment of the room. Add to this that as of date of stay (June 09) there were extensive roadworks going on outside the hotel so you definitely do NOT want a room at the front, as we had. Non existent service. Hugely oerpriced.	
Jun 11 2009 	Nice clean and good location but not five star	I stayed here for a break from business and did the London tourist thing. After reading the bad reviews felt anxious but pleasantly suprised to find good sized rooms, quiet and clean. Staff were accomodating and friendly. Shower was good but TV, air con and heating worked well. Fantastic swimming pool. Food and drink expensive and I felt it should be a 4 star at best. Would happily stay again.	
Jun 3 2009 	London Marathon hotel did the job.	We had to stay here for three nights as part of our tour package for the London Marathon.I agree with most other reviewers...its av.Our room faced onto the main road and was very noisy at night, sirens wailing etc, (its London after all!) Location is a plus tho' for shopping, walking etc.The front desk staff were mostly friendly, however we did encounter a grumpy few, the breakfast room was not set out to handle the large crowds it had to accommodate.It was not our hotel of choice, but as I have mentioned, it did the job, a positive for the marathon was that the hotel did provide a take away breakfast package for runners &amp; their families &amp; it was available from 5am.	
May 23 2009 	Only go if you're attending a conference!	This is a very average hotel with one or two good points - and I agree entirely with other writers who say that it has delusions way above its actual grade.I stay here fairly frequently on business - it is round the corner from my corporate HQ. This is the only reason I can think of for staying here. The rooms are adequate but the bathrooms are tiny (and I mean tiny). Ask for a room at the back and you will be spared the noise of traffic from the main road.Every time I have been, the breakfast arrangements have been chaotic. There is no obvious flow round the dining room and despite the large number of staff, each time I've been, there's been a problem (collapsing table, no tea, no toast....). I assume that all of the new staff get assigned to the dining room. The food is reasonable, though.The staff are mostly or all non-English speaking and young. Few of them seem to have a great understanding of customer service - this is a business that deals in volume guests. It's a favourite venue for public sector conferences and tour buses, and the downstairs bars jump with young-ish guests late into the night.The basement swimming pool is the hotel's only redeeming feature. It's a bit small, and the changing rooms are a bit cramped, but it's free to guests.The hotel's decor is a bit fussy, dark, dated and worn. I would not choose to come here unless I had to.	
May 9 2009 	Average	Staff we're ok, but all foreign and not really in knowledge with the local area,,,,,,Bathrooms are tiny, and the bath is about 3ft high............dodgy getting in and out....Internet is a rip off............. 5 quid for 30 minutes!!!!Jap restaurant is nice.....right nex to tube, so useful that way........................excellent location........pool /sauna we're closed the whole weekend......pissed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!6.5/10	
May 5 2009	great service	Ten of us recently stayed here for my hen celebrations...right from the start the staff were friendly and helpful. They gave me a free upgrade to a suite, they made a cake and decorated it to wish me good luck, brought up 10 dressing gowns - no questions asked for our party and even cut the cake up into plastic containers to take home. Will definately stay again next time Im in London.	
Apr 26 2009 	5 Stars - NO WAY	The hotel has appointed itself &quot;5 Stars&quot; if you read it's spin.No way José !!!!!!!!Would rate as a 2 on my own &quot;Balti Towers Index&quot;They state that the rooms look out over leafy London but fail to mention that you must be standing on the roof to enjoy the view!!!The batroom we had was so small that obese people would get jammed between the door and the toilet and need to fire brigade to get released.The In room Internet costs £10 per hour to connect - OUTRAGEOUS. Go to Vodaphone and buy a dongle for £15 per month while you are there.The room rates were also totally out of line with what was provided.Will be more careful where we stay next time	
Mar 9 2009	Okay if need to be in that location and like hen/stag nights	Bed comfortable and room (&quot;executive&quot; whatever that means) was a good size. Robes and towels clean and decent quality. Thick curtains blocked out most of the light from outside and on 5th floor no noise from road.Bathroom very grubby and needs a refurb. Breakfast was poor quality for the price. Was awoken at 7am by people leaving so walls can't be very thick. Bar was occupied by a couple of hen and stag dos who seemed less than savoury types - not the hotel's fault admittedly and maybe it's not like that every Saturday....We paid £145 (inc VAT) for the room + &quot;continental&quot; breakfast. So not expensive for central London but probably more than it was worth.	
Mar 6 2009 	Not as good as it thinks it is - you can do better	I stayed at the Grange Holborn in London on business in February 2009. I usually stay at Marriot Hotels, but couldn't get in to my usual haunt.The hotel is approx.2 minutes walk away from Holborn Tube - simply turn right out of the station, cross two roads you can clearly see the hotel. It is definitely walkable, and there are various cafes and shops along the way (including a MacDonalds).The hotel itself is a modern tower block building, which has a well laid out and luxurious reception. It has an adjoining bar/restaurant downstairs, and a restaurant//breakfast area on the 1st floor. It also has a fitness centre and swimming pool in the basement.Check-in was fairly slow - the staff seemed quite inefficient, and the one I spoke to didn't have great English. The room was quite small, especially compared to other hotels I've stayed in whilst in London. This was down to the fact they they had stuffed all sorts of furniture in the room - writing desk, table, massive wardrobe, two chairs (!) and two beds. It all felt very cramped! Fixtures and fittings all worked, but looked tired - definite scuffs on wallpaper, mould and occasional hairs in the bathroom. Not many towels in the bathroom either, and they felt very tired and used. The TV offered several satellite channels, but reception was poor and the signal kept breaking up on most of them, making them unwatchable. ALSO - the TV has a mind of its own, and using the remote caused it to do the weirdest things - change volume when you tried to change channel, and to switch off when you tried to change channel! Not good! Internet access was offered - £10 for 24 hours - but when I tried to connect, it didn't work. Not good! Tea and coffee making facilities available, and they were well stocked.I also used the Fitness Centre in the basement - this is very good, and the pool is big and cleanI ordered room service and delivery was swift and efficient. However - portions very small, especially when compared to other hotels in London. Just as well it was going on expenses! In addition, there was only the writing desk to eat from - as I was already using this for work, it meant I had to clear everything off it before I could eat. Surely it would have been better to remove some of the other furniture cluttering up the room and add a small dining table? Not good!This is NOT a 5 star hotel, or even a 4 star - it is a good quality 3 star hotel with pretensions. It's not bad, but its not great either - by choice, I wouldn't stay in it again.	
Mar 3 2009 	No way a Five Star!	There is very little positive I can say about this Hotel. Got there Friday evening and were shown to a small and rather tired room on the fifth floor,ordered room service whilst we unpacked. Most of the way through my drink found out that what i thought was ice was in fact glass! The next morning wasn't much better. The dining room was cramped in realtion to the number of people in it and the service was poor. There was little organisation and the staff seemed to muddle through. However this was efficiency personified compared to the shambles the next morning. Lines of us were asked to wait in an ante room whilst they made tables ready. Once seated we then waited 15 minutes without being asked if we wanted tea of coffee. When we eventually went and found them they got it wrong. There was hardly any breakfast items laid out and all food was in short supply. An absolute shambles! This hotel needs downgrading to a three star at best!! Dont stay there!!!	
Feb 18 2009 	OK Hotel Good Location Wouldn't Shout About it but not bad.	Overall the Hotel was OK and for the price I paid for my stay it was in keeping. Reception staff were very good, efficient, and welcoming. I was asked if I would like to upgrade my room, which I declined, and I was advised at the end of the booking in process that I had been upgraded anyway. From what I could see, this meant a room with a sofa.Room was clean, functional, had a slightly annoying TV which had a mind of it's own, but overall all OK.My only real negative was with the restaurant. It was really disjointed. The buffet side was fine, but the other items which were by waiter service were poor. Hot toast with no accompaniments. By the time these were sourced, cold hard toast. Tea with no milk, sugar, spoons. Again, after losing patience with the waiter who advised it was OK they would fetch all we needed, sourced ourselves leaving us extremely strong drinks. There was no flow to the dining area, and as mentioned it was just disjointed. Aside from this, the rest of the breakfast was 6/10).Due to it's location, and pricing, and if the restaurant side was not an issue, overall I would recommend this hotel to others as the issues are not insurmountable, and overall things were OK.	
Feb 11 2009 	our time	My wife and i went to the holborn(29/30 nov08) for romanticweekend/show with no kids yippee.But was a bit let down.Anyway lets start with the good we got an early check in whichwas really helpful the staff were lovely the room big enoughand clean,location was good (10-20min walk to west end,covent garden,oxford/regent street)Now the not so good promised bath robes had to ask for them hair dryer was not working went out came back was told it was fixed (not) phoned again and they eventually replacedit as we were going out for a meal then show no good had toskip the meal.On the sunday after a full days shopping (phew) we thoughtwe would eat in(not) the main constellation restaurant is closedon sundays why?P.S. breakfast was lovelyhope this helps tony/sonia	
Feb 9 2009 	No problems with The Grange	I was abit concerned about booking this hotel after some other comments about it, but I was really pleased with it after our stay.The reception area, bar and breakfast room were all good. Our room was more then adequate with two very comfy double beds. We were upgraded to a superior room on arrival, which had a settee in, but this did make it the room abit squashed. The amount of time spent in a room is probably minimal anyway so the squashed in sitting area isn't really necessary.Bathroom was good, with a fantastic shower.I don't think it is quite a 5* but it is certainly a good hotel, in an excellent location and very reasonably priced!	
Feb 4 2009 	good hotel	Grange Holborn Hotel is a good stay for the money, spent New Years here and didn't find anything bad about the place.The hotel has a pool and a spa in the lower level, and the standard rooms are a bit small but still good!It's a 20min walk away from leicester square, or a 5min taxi ride for around 5-7 £. It's easy to find with the tube since Holborn underground station is 2min away.	
Jan 13 2009 	VERY Disappointing 	Having read the reviews on-line we were careful to specify a quiet room on a high floor when booking. On arrival at the hotel the guy at reception apeared to be very friendly and went through the checking in procedure. At this point I asked if he could ensure we had a quiet room. He said certainly and offered us a complimentary upgrade. As long as its quiet I said. On arrival to our room, the aircon/heating was running and the television was already on. We unpacked, and having spent the previous 5 hours travelling and bearing in mind it was 1130pm we were keen to get some rest. Both of us were working the following morning. When the TV &amp; aircon were switched off we realised then that we were in a room with a major junction right outside the window. I drew back the curtain to see a four lane roadway right outside the window. With it being so late and having unpacked everything we decided not to pack everything back up and ask to change rooms. I felt like this had been done out of spite because I'd made a specific request for a quiet room.I managed four hours of broken sleep and had to leave early for work in the morning.The brakfast was good with a hot bufffet, fresh juices and fruit. On arriving back late from work and rushing straight out, we did not have an opportunity to change the room, thinking that with it being Friday night that the roads would be quieter. There was nno difference - it was like sleeping in the middle of the road - the windows were useless in stopping any noise whatsoever.Breakfast on Saturday morning was disgusting - the juices were all watered down and tasteless and the buffet breakfast was a cold buffet and very limited. It appears that the good stuff is served during the week to the business crowd Monday to Friday morning and the Dross to the &quot;tourists&quot; on a Saturday and Sunday. This explains the VAST difference in prices for our stay - Thusrsday night was over £45 more than Friday night.On checkout, as one would expect there was NO interest in my complaint which was merely brushed aside. If you're not interested in hearing what your customers have to say then dont ask!!!!!WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY!!!! No rest, double standard food and very poor value for money!!!	
Jan 12 2009 	Nice Hotel	We managed to get a good last minute deal on the hotel website for one night stay. Room was a bit on the small side and it's not really a 5 star hotel. However it is a nice hotel, good value for money and we would stay there again. Excellent locaton.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great bargain and location	After reading some of the reviews, I wasn't sure I had made the right choice but I must say that I found the hotel lovely, the staff helpful and friendly, and the room (albeit small) perfectly adequate for a romantic night out. The hotel has excellent facilities and is in a great location and was reasonably priced for a central London hotel. We couldn't ask for anything more and I would definitely go back.	
Jan 4 2009	Lovely hotel very poor hospitality and service from staff	Stunning hotel and reception area, but had problems with check in because they wouldn't accept mastercards but only a minor problem soon sorted by the cash machine round the corner! Staff were a bit slow to the tell us the problem though and weren't incredibly helpful. Up to the rooms, very nice, we had 3 between us, made sure the birthday girl had the best one! Very clean, lovely bathrooms, the rooms were perfect. Or so we thought. We went out and came back at around half 1 in the morning, got back to the room my friend and I were sharing, put the heater on because the room was freezing but it wouldn't work. Rang to reception to be told that sorry they were aware of a problem with the building's heating and no it won't work and they can't get it fixed till morning. When we go. There were no more portable heaters to give us only extra blankets. Great. I can only tell you how cold that room was, it was ridiculous. So we wrapped up and went to bed. Tried to complain the following morning but the staff were umsympathetic and only offered us 20% off the room. I have since written and emailed,asking for a phone call, but have yet to receive any response. I'd advise people to check that they have a room with heating when they book, even though this is mean't to be a 5 star hotel!!	
Jan 2 2009 	Loved the Hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights between Christmas and New Year to go to the theatre. The hotel is in a fantastic location, right near the tube station, west end theatres, shopping. We booked an Executive room for a very good price and we couldn't fault it. The bed was the biggest and most comfortable I have ever slept in, the shower was lovely and the view was lovely. We were in room 510, on the 5th floor so we were high enough up to not get much noise from outside. I would recommend asking to be high up or the traffic noise would be very loud. The swimming pool and sauna (all free) were great and again couldn't be faulted.The staff are all very polite and helpful, especially the concierges. We did not eat at the hotel as the food looked over-priced so we cannot comment on this. There are some great cafes nearby to have breakfast.So overall, if you are looking for a nice break in the centre of London, ignore all the petty negative reviews below and pick this one!	
Jan 1 2009 	Not a 5 star Hotel by any stretch of the imagination!!	We stay in London at least once a year for 2 or 3 nights at a time, usually for the Winter and Summer sales.Unfortunately this is the worst hotel we have stayed in. Our room was very small and the bathroom was a tight fit to get one person in! The decor is dated and looks like a major refurbishment is needed.The under ground line to Holborn runs directly under the hotel and in our room you could literally feel the walls vibrating. This hotel is not 5 star as advertised, in fact it's not worth 4 stars. This is a 3 star hotel at best and there are much better Central London hotels available at similar prices.On the plus side the staff were friendly and the sauna and steam room were ok as well {Free for guests}.There is no way we would stay here again though unfortunately.	
Dec 29 2008 	Decent but wouldn't say 5 star....	I managed to book myself in the Grange holborn for two nights at a pretty good price. I'm uncertain whether due to this, I got a less posh room or not.In general, the hotel was decent however I'd say its more 3 or 4 star overall rather than 5. In the room i stayed in (104) - the room appeared quite clean and neat initially. On further inspection, the carpet had quite a few stains all over the place and one of the chairs had stains on it too and quite obvious ones at that. Once I'd moved the duvet on the bed, I could see the wooden bedframe where the mattress sits on top, and its not a quality sight - it wouldve been better to have had this part covered up. In the end, it just made the place look cheap.I also noticed stains on the wall in the bathroom, possibly coffee stains or who knows what else it could be.The mini bar was like a money safe - I could not open it and even when someone came to unlock it and checked that it was unlocked, once he had left, I was unable to open it again! Not that it mattered in the end, as the mini bar seemed to function like a safe too - i was told if anything is moved slightly it will be charged to the room, as it is some electronic thing. I ordered from room service one night. Chose the Grange burger, thinking I would receive a gourmet looking burger, instead it looked and tasted like it could have been from Burger King.All in all, the hotel was ok, considering I paid a much cheaper price than what it is usually, but i would definitely not go there again if i was paying more than 80£ a night. The best thing about the hotel was that it was close to Covent Garden and the Holborn tube. Who knows if I could've had a better experience if I had booked one of the expensive suites.	
Dec 16 2008 	Excdellent location	We stayed at this hotel for one night, a Saturday as we were attending the theatre that evening. The hotel is situated yards from Holborn underground station and exactly 7 minutes walk from Drury Lane. This made it an ideal location for visits to any theatres situated in this area.Although there have been some negative comments on previous reviews about the staff at the hotel not being english and there being language problems, it is true that all the staff we spoke to were not English, however they were all very polite and helpful and I would challenge anyone to find a british hotel with british staff these days. To be honest I find you ge a better level of service from non british staff anyway.The room was compact but bearing in mind the price we were paying for such a central location I don't feel you could complain about that. The room was very clean and comfortable and when we reported a problem with the TV it was dealt with immediately.Breakfast was continental although a cooked breakfast could be ordered at an additional cost, again the staff at breakfast were polite and helpful giving very good service.I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit the theatre on the east side of theatreland and will us again myself in the future for this reason	
Nov 18 2008 	no athmosphere in this hotel.	this was a special trip paid for in advance by my husbands company.frosty reception staff.eastern europeen staff in resturant and spa.may speak english but they dont understand english so frustating.rooms excellent and very clean.had a pre theatre meal .just awful.avoid.paid extra 4 english breakfast arrived 40 mins later over cooked.we were so disappointed and have sent back the hotel questioneer.had a spa treatment the treatment room size of a bathroom.therapist was english and really lovely.thank god.bar manager also made wicked cocktails and was polite ,nice and smiled .which is rear in this hotel does not rate 5 stars and i have stayed in 5 star hotels.owner needs 2 have a hard look at his staff as this is what lets this hotel down .	
Oct 24 2008	Perfectly good hotel...but five stars?	This hotel is well located for the tube and buses and is certainly a landmark - it resembles a huge office block! We found the reception staff to be efficient if a little frosty, but were quickly checked in.Our twin room was clean and reasonably large, but the bathroom tiny! The beds were very comfortable and supplies in the room well stocked. I've stayed in other Grange Hotels (3 star) and there's nothing in the room to justify 5 stars.The breakfast was plentiful but expensive (although included for us). Why do you need to pay over £8 extra for a cooked English breakfast in London ENGLAND?I would recommend this hotel, but if you want somewhere smaller and with more character, you could try another &quot;Grange&quot; such as the Rochester.	
Sep 19 2008	Very Good Hotel	Large and clean room, confortable beds, great location, good spa... the tube is so near, around 100 metres...breakfast was good too!	
Aug 15 2008 	good place	nice room but not so big!location is very good (metro HOLBORN)Internet: 10 £/day -&gt; not normal, should be included in the room price!! ...or free...as it is in a lot of hotels!	
Jul 22 2008 	wonderful hotel..great for families	I booked this hotel for 3 nights on a theatre/hotel package and wanted a 4/5 star hotel with a pool .....the kids love a swim after a weary day in the city..after booking it i came across the reviews on this website and immediately tried to cancel the booking...I couldn,t without losing my deposit so i stuck with it begrudgingly...boy am i glad i did..this hotel is SUPERB for families..yes the staff are mostly east european but they are very friendly and speak perfect english..the pool area was as clean as any 4/5 star i visited..the breakfast was again superb with an excellant choice of cereals,fruit,juices,yougart,breads etc and our kids favourite...hot chocolate made especially for them...the convient location for the theatre area and tube station make this hotel a no brainer for families...our double room was spacious on the 4th floor with a lovely bathroom and a 28&quot; flat screen tv..plenty of buscuits and a coffee/tea maker made the room very attractive after a late night in Covet garden...don't belafraid of the negative reviews on this hotel...its a treasure	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed here for a night in June, choosing the hotel for its location and reasonable rates. The hotel was, in my opinion, great. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the bar service was excellent and the breakfast service was very well run, especially given that the large restaurant was full. The room was smallish, but well equiped and very clean. We had a room on a high floor - so there were great views over north London.Have already booked again for later in July.	
Jun 24 2008	Not bad if you get a good deal	This was my second visit to the Grange Holborn. My sister and I stayed here on a Saturday night to celebrate her birthday. It's in an excellent location - very central, which is probably its best feature. The basement pool is very nice - we didn't notice any dirt like previous reviewers. We were allocated a twin room, as requested, but unfortunately this was the 'hen party' floor - lots of noisy squealing girls, who were bound to be even noisier when they returned later that night, so we asked to be moved. They had no more twin rooms left, which I don't really believe at all. We were eventually given a rather shabby-looking double room on the first floor. The bed was practically at knee-height with ugly metal feet that are painful if you stub your toe (we both did). Not particularly impressive, especially as the twin room was quite smart. The bathrooms are very small.The staff aren't particularly helpful and have a poor grasp of English. We were given a late check-out (12pm), which we requested, but for some reason they telephoned our room at 10.30am and woke us up (it had been a long night). All in all, this isn't a bad place to stay for one night, and at £85 is reasonably well priced for central London. However it seems to be luck of the draw how nice your room is unfortunately, and the staff couldn't care less.	
Jun 21 2008 	good value for business travellers in central London	In a sensible area (for business travellers, it's midway between City and Mayfair, for tourists, it's walking distance to Covent Garden and theatreland), this hotel is, by London standards, moderately priced. The rooms are generously sized, with good bathrooms, a kettle for tea/coffee (yay! my favourite must-have amenity) and a mini-stereo (another yay! for my favourite indulgent luxury - my own music in the room). There's a pool in the basement, a bit of an odd size (that 1.5km morning workout will take some clever maths), but it's there and usable. The gym's underground but quite good.The staff are all friendly and helpful, if a bit dopey at times. A request to send a letter took three staff five minutes of head-scratching to decide they couldn't work out how much to charge me. What concierge service is more basic than handling guests' mail!?!? Their in-house internet service (paid, but fast) wouldn't give me an IP address to start with, and the staff member couldn't work out that they needed to reboot their server. Breakfast is wildly overpriced and not that great, in a miserable dining room, but there are plenty of cafes within two minutes' walk, so that hardly matters.But I paid about GBP200 per night, which for a hotel of this quality and a room this big (and comfortable) in central London is a bargain.	
May 30 2008 	Never Again. Be Warned	This could be a very long review, stating all the problems at this terrible place, but I will keep it to the point. Firstly, this is not a proper 5 star hotel. How it has 5 stars is beyond me. It is a converted office block, no proper reception, no proper lounge etc. The Concierge, was a young Polish porter who could hardly speak English. Concierge's in 5 star properties are supposed to be the people who know everyone and can get you anything. Not at this Hotel. The pool area was filthy, with old blood stained plasters on the sauna floor. This was reported but never cleaned during our 3 day stay. The rooms are small, eventhough we had a deluxe room. The bedlinen was torn and old, and the cover had stains on the inside. The breakfast was the worst Continental I have ever had. Curled up cheeses, dried out breads, poor choice of jam, and the coffee was undrinkable. The waiting staff served you, without a smile or a welcome. On the second night, they told one of the party, we were staying with, that they would have to move, as they needed the room. They required our friends, who had a child to move to another floor, as they had already sold the room they had been in one night to someone else. As the organiser of the trip, I spoke to the manager, about how unhappy we were. Firstly, he offered us a meal on the House, great we thought until we found out we were getting the left overs from a function that had been running in the Hotel. Can you imagine, that in a 5 star property, a manager would have the nerve to offer a meal to guests, paid for by other guests. When we found this out, by way of a staff member, we confronted the manager, who admitted that this is what he was doing, after first arguing we were liars. When found out, he would not give an apology. Quite frankly, this is another reason why this place is not 5 star, a proper manager of such a hotel, would never do such a thing. This manager belongs in a travel lodge. We ate out that night, after this altercation. The Hotel ruined our stay in London. We ended up having an arguement between ourselves over what the manager had done. My friends were from all over the world, and the consensus of the group, this was the worst 5 star hotel, any of us had ever stayed in. Be warned!!	
May 5 2008 	Getting Shabby..	I went away with some girls for a night at the Holborn.. Over the last 8 yrs we have all been staying here.. What we noticed was the hotel is getting shabby, needs decorating and cleaning!!Room - Wallpaper was peeling off and spolit the look of the room.. they knew 3 adults would be staying in the room but they gave us 2 towels.. we had to phone housekeeping (who never answered by the way, ended up calling room service) for 3 of everything... Spa Area - What can i say.. DIRTY!!! The steam room had insects on the seating area, hair all over the floor and the walls were yellow stained!!! The sauna was the same.. the pool had a dirty used plaster at the bottom.. why of why can't all of this been cleaned on a regular basis.. Service - The service was good overall, reception were polite but at times struggled to understand what we were saying.. Location - Is brill... 10mins walk to Covent Garden, 5 mins to Holborn tube station.. The Holborn holds many memories for us all... but i am beginning to think do we need to look elsewhere now for a complete 5 star serive.. ??? Its more of a below 4 star hotel now.. shame really..	
May 2 2008 	Never again!	I was staying at the hotel for a business trip, which was luckily not longer than 2 nights! At check-in only 2 trainees were present, who charged my cc before I even saw the room. Reasoning: I booked through HRS.?? Then they took pre-authorization in addition - which is normal. But charging the total amount in advance is not correct. I booked a single room and got a twin bedded room. The furniture was in terrible condition, the sound on TV went off after 2 minutes watching. The bathroom was disgusting (Housekeeping cleaned well but the furniture was soooo old)!The only friendly and smiley employees in the hotel I saw were the breakfast staff.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for my partners birthday, we had a room on the top floor (room 910) and it was a lovely room, well equiped, although the sofa was not a comfortable as it looked, the entire stay was fab. Covent Garden, Leicester Square and the British Museum are all a short walk away. Fab hotel.	
Apr 2 2008 	Lovely pool ideal location	We booked this hotel as a convenient location whilst on a visit to the British Museum. The location was ideal. The room was a good size and nicely furnished, very comfy bed and nice bathroom, although we had to ask for more toiletries as these were not enough for two.The pool was lovely but a little cool for a hotel of this rating, and it was a shame the next morning to find the same rubbish by the pool and in the changing room showers as had been there the night before - the staff didn't exactly looked rushed off their feet. The tiles round the edge of the pool could also have done with a bit of a clean.But overall a very nice hotel with helpful front desk and room service staff, and we would definitely stay again.	
Mar 25 2008	functional clean consistent	up-to-date hotel in great neighborhood 5 mins from covent garden, 10 mins from fleet street. good value for London. have stayed 3 times and have not had a negative experience. efficient, friendly staff. room and common areas immaculate each visit. easy access to Heathrow via tube at holborn station (if you have a lot of luggage you may want to taxi to paddington as the tube escalators etc are tough to navigate if you're weighed down).	
Mar 10 2008	5 star	We satayed here with our two children while we went to see the lion king the hotel, staff ,room and breakfast was lovley we will stay again when we go to london next time	
Mar 10 2008 	Pricey!	Stayed here for two nights whilst on a course. Room was adequate although quite small. Had room service on one evening which was fine. Main gripe was the ongoing saga of whether my very expensive rate did or did not include breakfast! After much hassle, they finally agreed that it did!Well located and unusally for London, has a swimming-pool (although I didnt see it). Overall feelings were expensive (even for London) for what it was.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great hotel and location	I have stayed at this hotel many times while in London for work and normally don't have time to sample the full range of facilities while here. I find that my room is usually very comfortable and when I was offered a good deal for a weekend stay, I decided to come back. I am glad that I did. The hotel itself is in a great location. It is about 10 minutes from Covent Garden, with Holborn tube stop only a few minutes away, making it very central. My room was a good size, with a very comfortable bed. There was a good supply of toiletries in the room as well. Breakfast was generous and included in our rate, while the swimming pool and sauna were almost empty, making it quite relaxing to use. I would recommend this hotel for its good location and comfortable rooms. While the staff may not smile much, they are helpful and above par for London hotels.	
Feb 12 2008 	Terrible	totally dissapointed, claims to be 5 star. I wouldn't give it more than 3 stars. As i like asian food i tried the Japanese restaurant in the hotel ,not japanese at all, better go somewhere locally. We were happy with concierge recommendation for an italian restaurant.The hotel is definitely understaffed what you can see from the staff faces - no smile, no enthusiasm. Whatever you ask for in the hotel takes ages.Tv in our room didn't work. After calling reception it took 20 minutes before porter came. But he couldn't fix it, just instructed to use other channels and said it's a common problem in the hotel!!!That was a big mistake for lots of money	
Feb 4 2008 	great hotel	we stayed here one night and thought it was a great hotel staff friendly and helpful which is always a bonus reception not that impressive but not spending much time there so not important we were upgraded and our room was very big and bathroom also a good size and everything clean nice toiletries etc. the beds were really comfy and the pillows fantastic as for noise didnt really here anything but our rooms were at the back we didnt have breakfast there wasnt willing to pay extra 17.50 each went to weatherspoons up the road for a cheap good full english breakfast we would definatly stay here again good location close to tube and dominican theartre.	
Feb 2 2008 	Very good hotel	Large room for London standards, but the bathroom wasnt that convenient.The hotel is just off some off the main attractions (shopping, convent garden and theatreland), but close enought, but its very close the British musuem). Close to the tube.Breakfast was good.Weekend prices are fantastic, during the week its more expensive.	
Jan 27 2008 	5 star hotel ? Are they kidding ?	Just stayed at the Grange Holborn as part of a package deal with an agent that I booked for my wife's birthday , the main attraction was the fantastic seats that they had available for 'Mama Mia' as part of the deal. I believe that the seperate room rate was £120 which to be fair is pretty decent for a supposed 5 star hotel in Central London , even on a Saturday in January. To start off on the positive side the hotel does enjoy a great location if you're planning to visit theatreland , Covent Garden , Leicester Square etc all which are very easily walkable in around 10 - 15 mins. Its also about 150 yards from Holborn station which is also a great tube stop for getting around town being on the central and Piccadilly lines , so no need to pay out for expensive cabs all over the place. I didn't actually use the health club but took a look in and the pool and other facilities seemed pretty good , the inclusive continental breakfast was also fine for us , and at £ 120 a night the price wasn't unreasonable. Basically you get what you pay for. However I just cannot believe the 5 star rating given to this hotel , in my own judgement its a decent 4 star at best. Firstly the hotel itself seems to be in need of a good makeover. Immediately entering the hotel you can see by looking at reception and bar areas , both small for this size of hotel , that its not of obvious 5 star quality. I can't comment on the restaurants which seemed to be empty when I looked in at 8pm. The room was ok-ish , not the biggest , but pretty tired looking , the carpets both in rooms and hallway areas were looking a bit frayed around the edges and just generally it all looked in need of a bit of a renovation. The bathrooms are ok , nothing special but clean , but lacking in the little touches that make the 5 star hotels different fronm the others , like bathrobes , spare towels , a good range of toiletries that kind of thing. One thing I would say is that the beds were clean and comfortable , the duvet and pillows seemed pretty new and soft , though sleep wasn't easy because of noise. Again I guess one is a result of another but with the central location of the hotel you get city centre noise , and there's no soundproofing. The Grange is located on the corner of two busyroads and into the early hours we were kept awake by police sirens going past every ten / fifteen minutes , all kinds of traffic noise and the inevitable groups of young people who have had too much to drink shouting outside in the street at 2, 3 , 4am .Peaceful it isn't. So after a very much delayed nights sleep - we finally must have got off about 4am - we were not best pleased to have had housekeeping knocking on the door wanting to come in to clean the room at 8.50am on a Sunday morning !! And its a job trying to communicate with them - everyone that works in the hotel seems to be Eastern European and apart from the receptionist others I spoke to had pretty basic English . The last two hotels we stayed in 2007 in London have been the Mayfair and the Swissotel Howard , both several times , and for a little bit more money if you can get a deal on Lastminute or Expedia , both hotels are proper 5 star quality , infinately superior to the Grange. Its like comparing Man. Utd or Arsenals stadium with say Wigans , ok they're all in the Premiership but there the similarities end. If you're on a budget and want somewhere with a good location then this hotel is fine , but if you're away for an occasion - birthday , anniversary whatever - and want to impress then I'd say for definate there are many better hotels in London. And whoever gives them the 5 star rating - have another look please - this is a 4 star !	
Jan 17 2008	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Grange Holborn in November of 2007 as part of a group booking, staing for Friday and Sturday night. The Grange is the perfect hotel if staying for a short while in London, be it on business or for sight seeing.The staff were really friendly and efficient during check in (60+ teenagers!!) We were all given our room keys within half an hour of arriving. We stayed in a quad room which was more than adequate for our needs. The bathroom was big enough to share between four, and the beds were really comfortable with fresh sheets. The room its self was a little small for 4 people, but it is London after all, so we we only used it for sleeping. The room was cleaned twice during our stay, which was a nice extra. The wardrobe was a little small for 4 people, but again, we only stayed a short while, so didnt need the space. The in room safe was very convienient and easy to use.We didnt eat in the restaurant but the menu looked varied and the restaurant lovely. The barmen were also really helpful, mixing up any cocktail we asked for! Friends ordered room service to the room the second night, and had nothing bu good things to say about the food.As for location, it was excellent. Within walking distanmce to Holborn tube station, and once you work out how to navigate the tube, you really can go anywhere in London.Check out was excellent. As our flight wasnt til 8pm, the hotel offered us a room to store our luggage, which was very help ful )As I said, 60+ teenagers, the majority girls=a lot of luggage!!) They even carried the bags up to the storage room for us!!I recommend this hotel 100% and would certainly stay there again if I went back to London	
Jan 10 2008 	What a bad experience!	We had a booking for two executive rooms, the rooms were so noisy that we ask for a change, we get two regular rooms, quiet but tiny , you must almost trep into the bathtub to close the toilet door!And the best is that they refuse to adjust the room rates, so we just down graded!! I must say that I just hated the deco, this egyptian style was absolutly out of context! absolutly never again! better go for a 3 stars hotels you wan't be desapointed!	
Jan 9 2008 	Great hotel - great location	Fantastic hotel. Great location - close to the tube and Oxford Street. The staff were wonderful and the room was spacious. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 7 2008 	Is the beam included?	Requested a King Superior, after checking in and arriving at the room, discovered two double beds. Called reception, they sent someone to move us to another room. The room was clean, well equipped, the bed was comfortable (no small thing when travelling), but...There was a large architectural beam in the middle of the room. It was the oddest thing I've ever seen. The TV (a flat panel LCD Sony, nice) was on a dresser, obscured from the bed by said beam. We kept the room, as it is London, and we planned on being out-and-about. Pluses- Less than a block from the Holborn (Piccadilly line) tube. Very clean room, service was good, staff friendly. price was under 80 quid a night, very reasonable, included a decent breakfast. Koto, a sushi restraunt downstairs was very nice, great tuna and salmon, yum. Cons: On the Friday, the included breakfast becomes cold cuts and pastries, and the rate went up 20 quid. The room, not a superior by any strectch. Overall, good location, thanks to the tube system, nice value, clean, comfortable. one issue is that we we're double booked, I just realized that when they cancelled one booking, they cancelled the cheaper rate, I'll call and get them to sort that.	
Jan 3 2008	Surprisingly good!	This was booked for me through work for a conference, and at £99 a night I wasn't expecting too much. I usually stay at Club Quarters for more than £99 and have a mediocre/functional room. Working away from home, not really expecting luxury, just somewhere to sleep.Anyway, checked into the Grange. Lovely friendly reception and concierge, warm welcoming bar on the ground floor. Was offered assistance with luggage which I refused. I took the lift to my room on the 8th floor, halls and communal areas very clean, modern and warm. My room was great, large, clean, well furnished, big bathroom, double wardrobes, and floor to ceiling windows (overlooking a busy street, but couldn't hear anything due to glazing). Lots of extra pillows and blankets in the wardrobe, mini bar (annoyingly one of those which as soon as you remove anything, you get charged), safe, tv and internet access available. Some magazines too. There is a pool/spa/gym which is very unusual in this price range, but I didn't use the facilities so can't comment. Breakfast was included but unfort I had to skip it. A big surprise and hopefully one to be repeated (I'm hoping I didn't just get lucky on the room allocation) since I plan to book next time I'm in london. Great value and a very comfortable stay. Thank you Grange Holburn!	
Dec 28 2007 	what a cracker	the wife and i just spent 3 days over chistmas.what a deal if you want a good price for a grange hotel go to their home page.we clicked special offers and got 3 nights with continental breakfast + 3 course meal all for £240 all excuisive.What We Experienced!!locationgreat,A small stroll from oxford street for shoping or not to far away from the theatre`s in the west end.servicevery well run exstemely well organised all the staff were so friendly,even through i dont think english was their first language.commuciation was no problem.we emailed hotel with a question and they resonded right back.foodcontinental breakfast was fine,just as exspected bup the croissants tasted as if they were cooked on site and for me a bit special.our three course meal again very good freshly cooked rolls!then were still warm and the soup was the best i`ve ever had.facultiesswiming pool was huge not just in length but also width,good temperature and in our stay never to busy.nice sauna + steamroom,well equipped gym.T.V was same as freeview but also skysports and american and european channels.(this is because the guests were from all over the world,not just england which was nice).we have been to other hotel chains like &quot;ramada&quot; and &quot;novotel&quot; these were good but the holburn grange was brill if you get the right price book now!!!	
Dec 18 2007	Surprise visit but a pleasant one !!	My wife and I stayed two nights by accident. We were supposed to stay at the Grange White Hall but they &quot;upgraded&quot; us. We were pleased with our room, (810), which had fantastic views. It was clean, good size with all basic amenities including brand new Sony Bravia flat screen. Personally we found the reception staff absolutely fine and the breakfast was ok. Location wise it was excellent for us, and we would certainly stay here again if the rate was right	
Nov 28 2007 	A gem	Clean, comfortable, great location. I personally couldnt find fault. Myself and a friend stayed for 2 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Bed was so comfortable. Location was excellent for all the main attractions.	
Oct 14 2007 	Not 5 star but still good	Decided to stay here after getting the rate from the hotel website. Couldn't believe that the rooms would be cheaper than the local Travel Inn and that was with a continental breakfast thrown in. Room was very comfortable and although was on the first floor, faced the back of the hotel but the bathroom was tiny. For a room that size, I have no idea how they fitted a bath in????Very central for tube and buses but would recommend that you don't go to the restaurant ASK, just up Southampton Row from the hotel. Service was awful, waiter walked away in the middle of taking the order and didn't come back for 10 minutes and then got it wrong.	
Oct 13 2007 	close to covent garden	Excellent location within 10 mins walk to Covent Garden and tube close by. We had breakfast here which was a choice of Full English, cereal, Continental, pastries or fruit. We never had a problem queuing for breakfast and we went there at different times each morning. Check-in and out was swift. The room was large and clean, the bathroom was spotless however a bit on the small side. Even though we were very close to Covent Garden it was far enough away for a good quiet nights sleep. Plenty of pubs and bars close by. We had a light bar meal in The Somerset pub in Leicester Square which was good value for money. Overall an excellent location for attractions and the tube is close by to travel further afield.	
Oct 12 2007	problems with internet again	I have stayed here many times and have noticed standards have slipped.This time despite the hotel advertising in room internet access - yet again it would not work. I arrived back from a meeting at 10 pm with 2 hours work to do - and no way of doing it. The suggestion that i went down and used my laptop in the bar to access wireless was not a solution i wanted!In addition just like the last time i stayed - room service got the order wrong - bad news at 10 pm when you are starving!The room service staff were polite and helpful - but still that does not compensate for the wrong food.	
Sep 25 2007 	good hotel but is service slipping	I have stayed here many times and service usually goodchecked in ok this time room nice duvets better than quilts they used to havebut room service breakfast awfulit was lateit was wrongand my colleugue who was staying in the hotel experienced the samewe complained but to have the delivery charge removed would have need to summon the duty manager !in the event it took them 35 minutes to get us a taxi - we were really late for our meeting - the excuse was it was raining	
Sep 3 2007 	Very good stay at the Grange	My girlfriend and I had a very good stay at the Grange and were very impressed with the size of the room for the price I paid through LateRoomsGreat location for exploring the city and theatrelandI was featured in a television being screened on the Saturday evening and the room was perfect for loads of my London friends to come and watch it on the plasma tv, from the bed and various sofas in the massive room.Swimming pool also greatWill endeavour to return asap	
Sep 1 2007 	I won't stay anywhere else in London	I just love the reviews on this hotel which keep it away from the top of the TA list as then everyone would want to go and the prices would go up!5th stay here for 2 nights over the Bank Holiday weekend. We arrived about 10.30am to check, knew we wouldn't get a room, but requested a high floor, with a room at the rear as the traffic noise and sirens can be quite loud at the front. Didn't know at the time but we were upgraded to a superior room (2 double beds) as we had booked a twin. The room was a good size, 2 double beds, 1 window with very heavy curtains to block out the light, good size wardrobe, with plenty of hangers, a trouser press and an iron and ironing board. The safe was also in the wardrobe. Next to this is 2 cupboards, 1 with the tea and coffee making facilities and below is the minibar, which the prices didn't seem too steep for a 5 star hotel.The room also had a large flat screen TV, a midi hi-fi, place for your case, 2 long mirrors, a writing desk with chair and a separate chair. There was palenty of room to move aroundand more than enough lights.The bathroom was quite small (all the rooms I have been in the bathrooms have been small) with a bath, shower over the bath, sink with plenty of room for toilettries and a WC, plenty of towels, soap, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, hand cream and tissues.Everything in the room was spotlessly clean.On previous visits for a 5 star hotel the thing that has puzzled me was the blankets on the bed! but these have now gone to be replaced by Gingerlily silk filled duvets and pillows and fabulous they are too.The swimming pool area is decorated in Grecian style - urns, pillars, chaise longe to lye about if you so wish. The pool is a good size for a hotel and usually pretty empty, there is also a sauna and steam room available for no extra charge.Breakfast is included at the weekends, £20 for continental plus £8 for the full english on weekdays, personally I can't eat £20 worth of food first thing but as it was included I tucked in. 3 boxed cereals, plus corn flakes, muesli, rice crispies, dried fruit, oats, 2 types of yoghurt, grapefruit segments, pears, fruit salad and fresh orange segments, bread rolls, cheese, ham, turkey and salami type meat, danish pastries, pain au chocolate, loads of jams and marmalade, whole fresh fruit, 3 fruit juices and milk. Toast is brought to your table, waiters walk round with the tea and coffee on a Sunday morning and on the Monday you were left a pot to help yourself.There were a group of American ladies in the breakfast room who had there own milk and the hotel were keeping it in the fridge for them, this appeared to be no trouble for the staff.On previous visits the staff have been a bit miserable not unhelpful or rude just a bit business like, this time though nearly everyone we encountered was cheery.The hotel is 2 minutes walk from Holborn Station and 10 mins walk to the top of Covent Garden.While looking to book the hotel website seemed to have the best prices.Lastly one small thing I didn't like was that on returning at night, not that late maybe just before midnight, the front doors were closed and you had to go round the back, only a minor thing but a bit annoying.The hotel will also keep your bags if you arrive early or are leaving later in the day.	
Aug 22 2007 	Don't waste your money	I was really suprised to see all the good reviews for this hotel. I can honestly say that this was probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I'm not the complaining type as a rule but I was so disappointed by my stay. The staff are extemely dismissive and rude. When paying my bill the receptionist would only converse with my partner, which was really rather weird as it was my credit card she was processing. She even refused to hand it back to me and instead handed it to my partner. (I would like to add at this point that I had made no complaint to the hotel, so this was therefore not the reason I was being ignored.) The customer service at this hotel is dreadful, you constantly felt like the staff were doing you a favour by letting you stay there. The rooms are dated and lack any kind of character and we were only provided with one bath robe, which in a 5 star hotel, in a &quot;superior&quot; room, in London, was rather poor to say the least. The food was unappetising and overpriced. The bar is very grand with huge chandeliers, which is lovely, however the drinks menu was rather limited and again the service was not great even though the bar was virtually empty. If you are unlucky enough to get a room at the front of the hotel, there is lots of traffic noise from the street below, which I accept is not the hotel's fault but it was the final nail in the coffin. We couldn't wait to leave. Our purpose for visiting London was for a romantic weekend break away from it all................After two night in the Grange Holborn, I couldn't wait to get home. If you are looking for a nice atmosphere and 4 or 5 star luxury, do not visit this hotel.	
Aug 14 2007 	great stay	we had a great time, lovely hotel and superb staff , great room as we were given a complimentary upgrade. Lovely large bathroom and very comfortable bed. Great view and we really loved the windows across the entire room. Fantastic location for visiting everything in London. Leisure facilities were good, although the pool was freezing! Continental breakfast was really nice and made a nice change to having a full english. It was an absolute bargain at £80 for two of us.I recommend booking direct through the grange hotels website as this was the cheapest by far. The room we had on the tariff in reception is normally £265 per night. great !!!!	
Jul 31 2007	loved the Grange Holborn	I was a bit worried about having booked this Hotel having read some negative reviews. However, since it was a good price, excellent location and had excellent facilities I never the less decided to take a chance. I'm so glad we did. It was our wedding anniversary and I had mentioned this on booking, we were given a free upgrade to a superior room. The room was large and immaculate. We were greeted by Hulya who remembered our booking and made to feel very welcome. We had no problems while we we there, breakfast was included and very good. Leisure facilities were a pleasure after a day of sight seeing in busy London. We loved it, the staff were always friendly, we didn't need help so I can't comment on that subject.My only criticism would be minibar costs but we didn't use it.Perhaps we were lucky but we will be delighted to return.	
Jul 26 2007 	A very stressful and unhappy stay	My husband and I stayed at the Grange Holborn in June. I was quite looking forward to the experience, since we had stayed there once before for a week and quite enjoyed the hotel. The day I left I called the hotel to ask a question and was told rudely that they had not been informed them that I would be there as though in an attempt to cheat the hotel. I said that we were told that a double room was booked and she said that were my name to be added, there would be a significant extra charge. I said ok since I was about to catch my train, but then she said that I could not add my name, only my husband could. My husband then called and sorted out the problem: a double room had indeed been booked (of which we had written confirmation) and it was wrong that there would be an extra charge (except an optional additional breakfast). Upon arrival at the hotel I proceeded to remove the bedding to install my travel allergy matress encasing. Upon removing the sheets, however, I noticed that the matrass protector was disgusting. There was a large stain (60 cm large), perhaps of mildew and hair and it looked as though it had never been washed. My husband and I complained to the management who sent someone immediately who apologized and removed the matress protector. Then I proceeded to lift the matress to install my travel cover and noticed four 2003 pornography magazines sitting, neatly lined up, on the box spring. After my husband complained we were offered a bottle of wine or fruit, but at that point it was midnight and we just wanted to go to bed. The next day, a manager called to offer us an upgrade, which I had to decline, because my allergy cover only fit single beds. They were kind to send up a fruit basket later and to offer me free breakfast during my stay. About an hour later, however, a manager called to inform me that my credit card had not been pre-approved for the right amount, due to the error of a trainee and would I please stop by during the evening to pre-approve another 50some pounds. Not only is the pre-approval process a bit annoying in the first place, but to be bothered again after all that had happened was too much. My husband called the manager to ask that we not be bothered anymore especially after what had happened. However, the manager continued to reiterate the fact that we needed to stop by for the pre-approval, which we in the end had to do.The managers did appologize for what had happened and made some attempts to compensate us. There is clearly a major management problem in this hotel, however. They said that it was strange for the pornography to be there, since the matresses were supposed to be turned over several times a year. In general, many of the employees seem to be trying quite hard, and many are quite friendly, though many are clearly just learning English. One gets the feeling that it might perhaps be better to increase their pay, training and retention levels.	
Jul 22 2007 	Adequate	I stayed in the hotel on business in July 07.Location wise it was grand, only 1 min walk from the Holborn tube station and suited me fine for trips to the city of London. I felt it was very expensive for what was on offer, although the room was quite large (I got a twin king room), it was very dated in decor.My room was located just over a service yard and the first morning I stayed there I had the pleasure of hearing crashes and bangs as deliveries were made at 5am. Not what you want when you have travelled the day before! The room key broke twice and twice I had to traipse back down to reception to get it sorted.Breakfast was pricey at STG21 for either restaurant or room service.It has the potential to be so much better with just a few tweaks.	
Jun 13 2007 	Not a great experience!	My husband &amp; I stayed in this hotel earlier this week for 1 night, as we were attending a &quot;do&quot; arranged by my work and that is where they had booked for us to stay.When we first entered the bedroom (room 109), my initial thought was that it wasquite smart, in an oldfashioned way, but very small and pokey. I then went to use the bathroom, sat on the toilet and to my horror saw that the sink, which was facing me, was completely covered in blood on the outside. Not just a few drops, but no exaggeration to say it was literally smeared all over it! I immediately phoned reception, but had to explain myself about 5 times before the receptionist understood me (he, like the majoriy of the staff was foreign). He agreed to send someone to clean it, but as soon as I put the phone down my husband sat on the bed and noticed there were 4 or 5 big, dark, dubious looking stains on the bedspread too which we suspect was also blood! When we looked around the room more closely we also saw marks on the net curtains too! I dread to think what had happened in that room and can't believe the chambermaid hadn't noticed!!To be fair to reception, when we phoned back to complain again they immediately agreed to give us another room. We were moved to room 808 which was twice the size, with 2 double beds, a bigger bathroomit and thank goodness was much cleaner!Seeing all that blood in the first room though really did turn my stomach and really put me off the whole hotel as it made me wonder about their overall levels of cleanliness.Although I am aware we were probably just unlucky to experience this, it would put me off staying there again. And even disregarding this, although the hotel is nice enough, I wouldn't class it as 5 star compared to other 5 star hotels I have stayed in.	
May 28 2007 	Very nice hotel	We booked to stay at this hotel to coincide with a trip to see a West End Musical. The hotel was very nice. We were given a good sized room (Executive room) with a king size bed and two south facing windows with views down towards Holborn tube station. The room was very comfortable and well appointed and the staff were very friendly. The only grumble we had was that we left at 11:00 on Sunday morning to find a queue 10 deep waiting to check out. I suppose it was our own fault really for choosing th check out at the last minute. Having said that, we only queued for about 5 minutes as the reception staff were very efficient.The location was pretty good, but I wouldn't really call it a West-End hotel. It's a good 15 minutes walk to Covent Garden. We ate in a lovely Singaporean restaurant called Shiok on Southampton Row which served Char Kway Teow (my favourite dish), so I was very happy.	
May 20 2007 	Great Hotel Lousy Service	This hotel was nicely located, but I think everything in London is well located depending on where you want to be. The tube will get you everywhere within minutes. We personally did a lot of walking so the location was within walking distance (albeit at time a far walk) of major attraction surrounding the Thames.The hotel itself was modern, clean and the rooms were very spacious for London standards or for any standard for that matter. The low rate we paid (a spring special of 67 GBP) meant a low hotel floor so the street noise was difficult but what do you expect when your in London right?The breakfast was the best continental I've had and the selection was great. No line ups like I had heard some people experienced. Also, the facitlites were superior to any I've seen. The health club, pool, sauna and steam room were all excellent, clean and comfortable.But that's were the compliments end for the Holborn. Unfortunately, the lovely amenities were marred by the service. It's not that they were trying to be unfriendly, it's just that they were generally inept, unfamiliar with the city and foreign (non english speaking) so explanations were not available unless you were good at mime interpretations.Some information they gave was incorrect and they took forever to correct simple problems. Anyways, I wouldn't stay here again. The hotel was okay but I've decided that the personalized service of a smaller friendlier establishment is preferable to the amenities a big impersonal hotel like this.If you know London very well and don't need assistance with tours, directions or are confident your movies will play right, you will know how to make international or local phone calls and will require &quot;ZERO&quot; help in general from the front desk - I say go for it. otherwise, stick to something smaller and friendlier.	
Apr 9 2007 	Another good stay at the Grange Holborn	Stayed here for a long weekend with my sister and my 2 daughters. It's my third time to stay at the Grange Holborn and again I found it excellent. When we arrived and were shown to our room. I was a bit disappointed as the room was the smallest we have ever stayed in while at the Holborn. I complained at reception and we were moved to a bigger room at no extra charge. We were delighted with the new room. Buffet breakfast is excellent. The children loved the swimming pool. All in all for London this is a very good hotel, central and very good rates at weekends through the hotel website. Will definately stay here again.	
Mar 12 2007	High Quality for the price	Excellent value deal for a Saturday night - twin room immaculate - facilities superb. Location is also excellent.Recommended as a place to stay for a weekend in the capital at discounted rate (courtesy of Laterooms) - rack rate for a twin not such good value obviously.	
Jan 12 2007 	Good overall - would stay there again	Firstly I really liked the location of this hotel. It's walking distance to Soho and Covent garden etc and I felt quite safe walking back there at night.My room was huge, especially for London standards. It had two double beds and a sofa and still had room to spare. Funny how the bathroom was absolutely tiny, but I didn't mind too much as it was just me and the shower was great. Really powerful with a great sliding glass screen so you don't get any water on the floor.The decor was pretty dated and I have to say there was a bit of a musty smell when I walked in, even though it was a non smoking room. Things like this mean I would definitely not rate it as five star.Other things I liked included a free newspaper (the independent) left outside my door each morning and all the staff I met were great.The swimming pool is gorgeous, and towels are provided when you get down there. I thought the water temperature was a bit too warm for serious swimming though.The breakfast was above average, but ridiculously overpriced - £20, with no option just to have continental.I stayed here for work but if I could get a good rate I would come back for a weekend break as I liked the leisure facilities, the space and the location.	
Jan 8 2007 	AWFUL FOR BUSINESS!	Booked a dinner here and although the staff did a great job with setting up, the servers all came in with no deodorant. Booked a meeting here but had to cancel it within 24 hours because upon arrival the room was nothing like it was described via email. Room service took forever. The colors of the rooms are...let's say...different. Not enough elevators and DEFINITELY not enough front desk staff to cover the tourism influx. There were constant lines in the lobby.NO BUSINESS CENTER!!! Which meant if you wanted to print anything out you'd have to go to the lobby and sit in front of other people (heaven forbid your information was confidential) who could see anything and everything you were looking at. The internet went down several times. I was there for 9 days and didn't have internet for 4. In my opinion, this is unacceptable.If looking for a suite, go somewhere else. Their version of a suite is a very large room, but not a room with a separate office/dining area.I'm a meeting organizer and would NEVER recommend this hotel.	
Dec 19 2006	Average should be better!	We recently spent a night in the Grange Holborn hotel following a company party nearby. I booked through airmiles, who rated the hotel as 5 star.While it was nice, it was certainly not five star. I wont bore you with too much detail so here's a summary:The Good:Spacious room (but tiny bathroom)Great swimming pool (used during stay and after checking out)Breakfast served until 11am on SundayComfy bedSony LCD TVThe bad:FREEZING. The room relies on the air conditioning for heating, which means that it switches off when you take your room key out of the slot. When you come back to your room after a night out you don't want to wait 30 mins for it to heat up again! The tiled floor in the bathroom never heats up either.The ugly:Lighting. The room lacked bedside lights. It had a small fluorescent tube light above each bed which didn't seem to work very well, meaning that the lighting was too bright and you had to turn the lights off at the door before getting in to bed!The furniture. I wondered why there were so many shelves and cupboards (a bit like a caravan) - it turned out that the 2 double beds were &quot;fold out&quot; beds that could be lifted up and disguised as wardrobes!.Overall, I would recommend this hotel if:a) you can get a cheap (less than £120) dealb) you go in the summer	
Dec 17 2006	Nice Hotel Shame About Their Policies	We booked our rooms at this hotel at least a month prior to arriving in London by calling them directly. Upon reaching the (very pleasant) reception area, we were asked to take a seat and have a discussion with the Reception Manager, who proceeded to inform us that the two rooms we'd booked all those weeks before were no longer available because &quot;a large party&quot; of guests had &quot;extended their stay&quot;. Instead, we were shunted off to the chain's (markedly inferior) White Hall branch, which - in addition to being dingy and lacking in many of the amenities of the Holborn hotel - was located further away from the area of the city we'd wanted.A cheap bottle of wine for each room was the only consolation on offer, as well as an assurance that we'd be allowed to use the leisure facilities at our original hotel (assuming, that is, we were prepared to hike all the way back there in order to do so).After returning to the Grange Holborn and complaining to a more senior manager, we were relocated back there for our second night in the city and given a complimentary room upgrade.While the staff at the Grange Holborn were never less than courteous and apologetic, the whole affair ruined our first day in London and left a nasty taste in our mouths for the remainder of the weekend. It's lousy business practice, giving away pre-booked rooms to large parties who request them, even if it is economically-sound; in consequence, I would urge all readers of this site to avoid the hotel in question like the proverbial plague. If you particularly wish to stay in this area of the city, try the Kingsway Hall Hotel. The latter is located a few minutes' walk down the road and, when we stayed there in 2005, proved to be infinitely superior. (And no, I'm not affiliated with it in any way.)	
Dec 11 2006 	Very comfortable excellent quality excellent service	Stayed 1 night for a birthday treat and had a very nice time. Room spacious and well furnished, if a bit of an odd shape. Everything was spotless and comfortable. Breakfast was a very good continental buffet - plenty of choice and excellent quality. Check in/out fast and efficient. We didn't have time to try the pool / health club (maybe next time). Perfect central location for a relaxed weekend in the heart of London - and excellent value at £120 B&amp;B. Would definitely recommend.	
Nov 12 2006 	Perfect location and the comfiest bed I've slept in for a long time!	My boyfriend took me to stay at the Grange Holborn this weekend for my birthday along with theatre tickets for the Lion King. The hotel was perfectly located for theatre land, it took us about 10 mins to walk to the Lyceum where the show was on and the numerous surrounding restaurants, bars etc. The room wasn't huge but that was probably because there wasn't one but TWO king sized doubles in it, one of them served very well as a luggage store for our one night stay! The room was very clean and nicely decorated, and the bed was SO comfy, with lots of lovely pillows and cushions. Nice plasma screen tv as well. Lovely bathroom with a nice selection of toiletries provided. The only (very minor) criticism I would have was that the breakfast perhaps wasn't quite a five star standard, I've stayed in hotels with lower rankings with better breakfasts, however this wasn't such a big issue for us. Also when we checked in there were only 2 staff on reception and lots and lots of people checking in at the same time so the receptionist was perhaps a little too obviously in a rush and I had to ask how we got to our room. Again though this wasn't a big problem and didn't exactly ruin our stay! Would definitely use this hotel again as a base for doing the whole tourist thing in London!	
Oct 19 2006 	Excellent homebase in central location	I stayed at the GRANGE HOLBORN for two consecutive weekends at the end of September. I thoroughly enjoyed the hotel both times.My only two COMPLAINTS would be that the majority of the STAFF are definitely not &quot;5 star personnel&quot; and that the ice box temperature in the GYM makes exercising in there feel like you're fighting the whipping winds of Antarctica (otherwise, it's very well equipped, modern and impeccably clean, like the entire spa area, the entire hotel really!). The ROOMS are very spacious for London standards and equipped with everything you need (plus a selection of magazines). On my first stay, I got a twin room with two queen size beds (what luxury), on my second stay, I got two single beds (still nice). Since I have back troubles (a firm mattress is the worst for my sciatica), I was relieved to go to sleep and wake up wonderfully rested in the hotels fluffy BEDS - definitely the most comfortable I have found in London so far. The BATHROOMS are well above London average as well. Great make-up mirror, good lighting, nice amenities, and again, impeccably clean. Now, by far the most exciting surprise to me about this hotel was its POOL . It's huge and, contrary to some other critics, I found the temperature to be very comfortable and refreshing (I'm guessing it's about 26-28° Celsius). The STEAMBATH was also lovely, so was the SAUNA. I cannot stress enough how clean everything was kept. The CHANGING ROOMS are rather small (with only two showers) but absolutely acceptable. Nice perks: you don't need to bring towels, you get them at the spa's reception (but do remember to come in slippers), they have water fountains and pitchers with juices at the entrance to the exercise room and the pool area, and wonderful Molton Brown amenities, shower gel, shampoo, soap, and body lotion. BREAKFAST was included in my room rate (an excellent 109 lbs. weekend special - booked through the Grange Hotels' Website). The staff in the breakfast room was rather horrible (except for one exceedingly professional, accommodating and friendly young gentleman from the Phillipines). In general, they seemed annoyed to be there and couldn't be bothered to answer to any special requests (like, uh, honey). The BUFFET is definitely not 5 star quality, more like a 3. But it is absolutely fine, though, if you just want to grab a bowl of cereal, a glass of fresh juice, and a cup of something hot before you get going in the morning. If breakfast is not included in your rate, however, don't pay the 14 lbs. It's not worth it, and if you don't mind walking 10 minutes to Covent Garden, then' you'll find plenty of scrumptious options there (e.g. PAUL Boulangerie &amp; Patisserie on 30 Bedford Street - delicious!). OVERALL, I had a very nice and comfortable stay at the Grange Holborn. I will be back, I have booked friends and family there (who were equally delighted), and I would definitely recommend it!	
Oct 12 2006 	One of the better...	hotels I have stayed in, in London. As for the previous comment on the spa, I found the opposite to be true, O.K. the gym is not the biggest but the pool was a smashing size, probably enhanced as we had it all to ourselves. The spa treatment I had was wonderful and not overpriced as you would expect in the middle of London! The only thing missing from the Grange Holborn is a jaccuzzi, there is plenty of room for it around the pool! We had many a pleasant walk back to the hotel at night after the shows as we felt the area to be safe to walk in. We found the staff very friendly and accommodating even when we had to pester them for access to our baggage prior to checking in (as we arrived very early in the morning) and our luggage was being held for us until the room was ready at 14.00. Sorry, we must have driven you all nuts! My spa treatment was carried out by a very friendly dark haired girl from Canada and I apologise for not remembering her name but the treatment was so relaxing, I had difficulty remembering my own name by the end of it all! All in all, a very relaxed and pleasant hotel, clean and spacious rooms, even if the bathrooms were a little on the small side, nice toiletries though made up for it all.	
Oct 7 2006 	Great location 	Stayed here for a girlie weekend break in September. Fantastic location - 10 minute walk to covent garden and a short taxi ride from Euston (£7). The room was huge so could amply accommodate the three of us, which made it affordable. The pool was quiet but a bit cold. Sauna &amp; steam room were great. Breakfast was plentiful. I wouldn't class it as 5 star though, more like 4 star. For 5 star you would expect a few more luxuries. Mini bar in the room but very expensive. Nice bar but pricey drinks. Mind you, this is central London. Would stay here again.	
Oct 2 2006 	Great Value fab location	Stayed at the Grange Holborn for a weekend break and had a great time, there were a few luxuries missing for it to be a true 5* hotel but for the price of £109 (internet booking on the hotel website) per room per night for a central London hotel we were extremely impressed.We used the leisure facilities and I must say the pool is probably one of the nicest hotel pools I have ever been to. The room was small but very nice and the continental breakfast was great in the mornings.The location is fantastic, 5 mins to Covent Garden and excellent tube and bus facilities.I wouldn't pay the standard rate here but they have some great deals on their website which make it a great value luxurious hotel.	
Sep 30 2006 	Good hotel but forget the spa	The hotel itself is relatively small, however, the bar is open extensively which is of course helpful!The mini-bar, a rip-off, champagne is a poor brand but you pay the price of Moet!There is a 'spa' but its of poor quality and not particularly special!Breakfast is brilliant, well served and as much as you like!Its an average 5* but could be better!	
Sep 30 2006 	Booked here but ended up at sister hotel which was horrendous	Mmm, hard to comment on a hotel that I intended to stay at but ended up being put into a taxi and sent across London to the City Grange which was utterly appalling. I have written a separate review explaining why that was so dreadful but there are two points to make about the Grange Holborn first:1. 'Losing' internet bookings made several months ago is poor practice2. Not telling guests before they arrive having parked the car some distance away (no valet parking), lugged their luggage and appeared at check-in when they have phone numbers and email addresses is ridiculous3.Promising 'upgrades', delightful rooms and exemplary service at the sister hotel without being sure of what would actually happen when the guest arrived is lying.Would I stay at any of these hotels again? Not if you paid me.	
Sep 29 2006 	over-rated. awful beds.	I stayed here for 4 nights for a work conference. Being a frequent leisure and business traveller, I have stayed in numerous hotels worldwide. I have to say that, for the money, this hotel tries to be something it is not. The Grange Holborn spends its money on slick advertising and granite finishes, but fails miserably at providing comfort for its guests. For £215 per night you get a very standard room. Nothing more, nothing less. Poor design results in airconditioning blowing directly onto the bed (if it works - I had to switch rooms to get out of my initial sauna room). The bed itself is a low-grade, thin-mattressed, hard as a rock entity that comes industrially wrapped in scratchy linen topped with a 200kg 1978 style blanket which provides little comfort. If the GH wants to be a high-end hotel in London, it's got a lot of work to do. Avoid if you are paying on your own. If work is paying, suck it up and go see some theatre to take advantage of the great location.	
Sep 27 2006 	Fantastic hotel	This is the second time I have stayed here and can't wait to go again. All staff very professional and friendly. Paid £120 for night for Superior room including breakfast. Reasonable prices at bar. Can't comment on restaurants for evening meals as we ate out in Denise's across the road (which we recommend. Great spacious, clean rooms, with comfy beds. Walking distance of Covent garden. Excellent spa. Need I say more.	
Sep 26 2006 	Anniversary treat from The Grange	My wife and I booked an overnight stay at the Grange to celebrate our Silver Wedding Anniversary and to take in a West End show. Having read some of the reviews concerning road noise , I phoned the hotel the day before our visit and asked reception for a room at the back of the hotel as it was our anniversary . I was told this was fine. Upon our arrival we were asked to wait a while as our room wasn't quite ready , a couple of minutes later we were told that everything was ok and that we had been upgraded to a suite as it was a &quot; special occasion&quot; !! This was entirely unexpected and I would like to say their thoughtfulness made a great stay truly memorable. The room was on the top floor giving us fabulous views of the London skyline , it was comfortable and clean and to be honest I really couldn't fault it . The staff were friendly and attentive without being overbearing, and the pre theatre evening meal was very tasty and extremely good value. Having read some less than complimentary reviews on Tripadvisor I would like to add the the only thing wrong with our stay was that it wasn't long enough ! I can't recommend this hotel highly enough , their kindness was as appreciated as it was unexpected. My sincerest thanks go to all the staff we met at the hotel , they really did help make it an anniversary to remember !	
Sep 24 2006 	Relaxing 	Have just returned from a two night break at this hotel. Very impressed for what we paid £210 (inc continental breakfast).Were up-graded to a superior room which was very comfortable and had everything you could need.Staff extremely helpful, leisure facilities good, pool and changing rooms clean.Very impressed overall and would certainly re-visit.Fab central location for exploring London.Found an excellent resturant Cagneys 5 mins walk from hotel-inexpensive, varied menu and fab service.Visited Camden Market on Sunday morning, wonderful athmosphere. Overall a wonderful break.	
Sep 15 2006 	Over Rated	Stayed one night in this supposedly 5* hotel at £90pn.The receptionist took 2 telephone calls while trying to book in. The room was clean and tidy, but when I opened the mini bar for a can of juice, the smell was horrible.A previous visitor had left 2 lots of cheese in there and nobody had checked it. The date on the cheese was 6 weeks prior to my stay!Returning home, it took the hotel over a week to contact me to apologise, and when I had replied I heard nothing further!Obviously not worthy of 5* status.Won't be staying again.	
Sep 12 2006 	a short experience	My short experience at the grange holborn was great and fulfilling. I was with my college friends there on a reunion where we were meeting after a long time and we were looking for a great day out. The koto restaurant serving the Japanese was a delight. The hotel was clean and green with a tailor-made design and an exemplary service that helped us celebrate our most joyful moments together. We had also spent the evening at the pool where we enjoyed an hour full of leisure and off coarse our glasses of wine. To add to it the hotel also offered us a range of other facilities where we were did go for the wonderful spa getting the most relaxing of the massage done. Good food, wine and all the comforts in the heart of luxury, it was a splendid and unforgettable re-union for us.	
Sep 1 2006 	Amazing Hotel!!	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Grange Holborn hotel on the August Bank Holiday weekend. Its in a fantastic location, and not even I could get lost! As soon as we arrived the reception staff were very friendly and they told us we had been upgrade to an executive suite. All staff were very friendly even though they did like ogle at my girlfriend. The pool was amazing and it has a nice sauna and steam room! All the facilities are fantastic and the rooms and nice and clean. Id recommend this hotel to everyone! For the price we paid it was the best hotel we have stayed in!	
Jul 24 2006	a great family vacation	It was a wonderful family vacation for us in London. I, my wife and our two children had a complete blast out there. Thanks to the internet, we had made a reservation there at the “Grange holborne” and I must commend it was a fabulous hotel to check into. We took the “quad” or the “family ensuite room”. It was very spacious with twin double beds, was clean and had a distinct presence of its own. The furniture was exquisite, and the facilities provided by the hotel were good and noticeable. The best display of sportsmanship by the hotel was when I had accidentally left my watch by the pool-side, and had thought to have lost it; on a little request, it was one of the hotel staff who found it for me after he had searched everywhere I had been to all day. I’ll confess that though I had acted unperturbed, but the thought of a 400 pound loss gave me cramps in the stomach. Rest I’d say that the hotel catered to all our needs very well and I do recommend it to all.	
Jul 22 2006 	Fabulous location good hotel	This hotel has had mixed press on this site and I was quite concerned after reading some reviews. We paid £120 for a Saturday night stay and found the hotel to be wonderful.There is a beautiful pool in the basement - a bit chilly if you like a warm pool but a decent length to swim in (15m). The room we had was very spacious with a good sized bathroom with nice Gilchrist and Soames toiletries.we didn't really spend much time IN the hotel but the staff we did meet were very friendly and helpful.The breakfast was fine - included in our rate. However I think I would have felt ripped off if I'd had to pay for what was available. The prices were scary - 14.50 for a mediocre continental breakfast, and 20.50 for an average cooked. As an included breakfast it was fine, average quality but nothing to get excited about. I would definately stay again, the location if FAB....very central and the pool was a wonderful antedote to the heatwave weather of teh weekend!	
Jul 14 2006	good experience	Last month I had to take my mother to visit a doctor in London. We had our bookings at hotel Grange City. We were warmly welcomed at the reception. My mother has arthritis and so she was having a severe pain in her leg and my 3 months old baby was not going to keep quite. We were impressed by the hotel staff which helped out with a wheel chair from the handicapped centre and another attendant helped me out with the child. We were received by a well maintained room with neatly laid out beds and clean carpet. Big and beautiful curtains hung from the window from where the majestic river Thames was visible .The beautiful green patches around the hotel coupled with historical monuments of tower of London on one side and the Trinity church on the other hand is a view unmatched. By the time we had reached it was lunch time, after getting ready we moved to the dinning hall and were served hot with the world’s best continental-nice, tasty and nutritious. Finally the hotel staff arranged a cab for us to the doctor’s, but where do I leave my child?....again the answer was Grange. Well I would say it was a challenge for me and without Grange it wouldn’t have been possible. They took care of my baby perfectly and when I came back I found my darling bubbling with energy.	
Jul 12 2006	an unexplicable tour	My wife described it as a luxury hot spot in the midst of tourism. The grange holborne presented a mouthful of delight to us on our London tour. At first on our arrival it was good food that we were looking for as we were very hungry. For that we were escorted straight to the constellation restaurant where the food was delicious and more than pleasing. Secondly, we didn’t have any reservation and it was by sheer luck that we got a room of our choice at a time that was the peak of tourism in London. There we found the room world class and with a zealous look about itself. We really felt lucky to have landed in such a spot. The room service provided by the hotel was excellent and sharp where we felt well attended to. The ambience of the hotel was mind blowing and we really enjoyed our stay there.	
Jul 3 2006	Good hotel but watch the CHEESE!!	Stayed in the Grange for a long weekend in London, got the room on a special rate which was excellent value for money, however despite the extremely comfortable bed and good amenities in the room, the room itself was much smaller than expected and more to the standard of a 4 star rather than 5. The breakfast was good and the restaurants are bars are nice with good decor, however, BEWARE OF THE CHEESE!!I ordered cheese and biscuits as a desert one night and couldnt believe it! you know where brie marbelises, there was none of that! the stilton didnt have the stilton stamp of marksmanship and the chedder hadnt even been given time to get chedderised like the framers market towns local produce could have septicided the ramsgate metro system in prospect!! like you would expect! I had 5 slices of edam not 4, and the layout, well, talk about spinning a top and watching the airgo heap downside up like Peter Gabriel! I hope these matters dont matter to you like they matter to me, WHATS THE MATTER!!!	
Jun 12 2006	Hated this hotel	For $250 a night, this was the worst hotel that I've ever stayed in. The staff were under-staffed and not welcoming at all. I waited at the front desk for a few minutes while the desk person answered 3 calls before she acknowledged me. The room was small with twin beds which were not even big enough for a toddler. The decor was outdated. The bathroom was like a broom closet. I'm a petite woman but I still felt claustrophobic in the shower. The room was quite cold (even in June!). I noticed a &quot;Wtih Compliments&quot; slip from the manager for laundry that needed to be done by the same day. When I asked housekeeping if it was ok for me to still put in my laundry, she answered that it was already too late (laundry had to be given to them by 9am; I called at 10am), however, she told me she can see what she can do. In a few minutes, she rang and said it was ok - they will be able to do my laundry for me. However, she never mentioned that it would have been an extra $20 because of the &quot;lateness&quot; of the request. I don't know whether their pillows or sheets needed thorough cleaning but I started to develop a small rash (small bumps and itchy) on my left hand while my hand was on one of their pillows. I put some itching cream on it and it slowly went away the next couple of days. I stayed at the Riverbank Plaza the next night and it was a relief! I would not recommend the Grange Holborn Hotel unless you want outdated room, rude service and rashes on your body!	
May 20 2006 	Ok hotel in a nice location	I stayed at the Grange Holborn for a couple of nights. The hotel was fine with friendly staff and clean rooms (though they could do with a facelift). Breakfast was ok.The location is very good (just a short walk from Holborn tube station).I would not consider this to be a five star hotel though.	
May 17 2006	Fab Hotel	Stayed in the Grange Holborn for one night. What a fantastic hotel! Staff were great on check-in (checked in at noon instead of 3pm). We had booked a triple room, which had x2 king size beds, plus a sofa bed, totally huge. The lobby bar was a great place to people watch, busy but plenty of seats. Pool is very nice if you've got the time (we didn't). Location of the hotel is great, 15 minutes walk max to Oxford Street, 10 minutes walk to Covent Garden, 2 minutes walk to Holborn Tube. There is a restaurant in the hotel, but we didn't eat there. However, we did have bar snacks when we came in around 2am - they were great. Breakfast was quite busy (suggest you get there before 9am to avoid the queues) &amp; had lots of choice. All bread/danish were fresh, along with cereals, fruit, etc. Staff allowed us to leave our baggage at the hotel free of charge even though we had already checked out. Would recommend the hotel to anyone &amp; would certainly stay there again. Suitable for couples, singles &amp; families. Would suggest that anyone with kids wanting a quiet night request a high floor room on the back or over looking the courtyard - rooms on the front can get a little noisy with the traffic passing. We also booked the hotel quite late on-line and got it at a bargin price of £90.00 (B&amp;B) between three of us.	
Apr 25 2006 	Best avoided	Reading the reviews, I thought this place would be OK, but my experience was anything but. I stayed at the Grange for one night - which was one night too many. The room was extremely small with outdated decoration and such a small bathroom that it might as well have been a broom cupboard in a former life and required contortionism to get in and out of.The heating in the room would not work or could not be altered so that it was extremely cold, there was no hot water and to top it all, the noise from the traffic was extraordinarily loud. At first I thought that someone had left the window open, but upon opening the window I found there to be no discernable difference in the noise levels! I hardly slept a wink.Breakfast was limited in choice and quality - the croissants were stale. Staff were perfunctary and not the most efficient or welcoming.In short, it was a disasterous stay and certainly not worthy of it's star-rating nor of it's prices. What you gain in location (central and great for the West End/Covent Garden) and toiletries (well i'm trying to find a positive here!) you lose everywhere else...I stayed as a lone business traveller so at least the tab was picked up by someone else - if I had planned a lovely weekend in London with my other half and paid for it myself, I'd be severely cheesed off!I would definitely not recommend this hotel. Do yourself a favour and find stay somewhere else.	
Apr 18 2006	Not a 5 star!	Stayed Bank Holiday Friday just for the night.Staff were all very polite and accomodating, we were able to check in at 11.The room however I would rate as a 3 star, bed was hard, bathroom was tiny, cheap wood drawers etc and all needed a facelift.The toilet would make a groaning noise whenever it was flushed!Breakfast was good all the pastries were fresh and warm however we got to breakfast for about 5 to 9 and when we left about half past there was a queue of about 50 people! I would not have bothered!Loacation was good but would not stay again.	
Apr 16 2006	Good value at the weekend good location	Excellent value at the weekend and a good location near Holborn tube. No way a 5 star as officially rated: a converted office block with the usual blight of London tourist hotels (hideous room decor, no duvets, average breakfasts, bits fall off the fittings as you use them) but at £100 a double for the weekend, who could complain?	
Apr 15 2006	Nice hotel for exploring London at the weekend!	I was visiting London for 3 days over the weekend at the end of May 2006 and was lucky enough to get a twin room at the Grange Holborn.First impressions were very good, the hotel is very easy to find - just exit the tube at Holborn station, turn right as you exit the tube building and cross a couple of roads, its right in front of you! This gives you quick and easy access onto the Central and Piccadilly tube lines which are great for seeing London.Rooms were on the second floor and enthusiastic concierge were on hand to take our bags into storage as we arrived 3 hours before checkin with an early flight.Reception staff were virtually all foreign sounding but very friendly and we were checked in pretty quick. I was expecting a room with 2 small single beds but was delighted to find 2 double beds, room was spotless and not a speck of dust in sight. Toiletries were of very good quality and we appreciated the electronic safe to store valuables in the room while we were out. A hairdryer, Ironing Board and complimentary tea and coffee making facility in the room are all very good though the Iron was a bit flimsy.Decided to upgrade the free contintental breakfast to full english delivered to room (only £8 extra) but was disappointed by it (too used to Irish frys!) so had a continental buffet breakfast in the spacious hotel restaurant next day and enjoyed that much more.Quite a bit of traffic noise and sirens can be heard overlooking the streets at night, but thats London I guess!Didnt get a chance to use the fitness suite in the basement but it looked fantastic, I will be trying it next time I visit.Hotel bar is very nice to have a drink in the evenings with quiet surroundings and nice sofas to sit and chat on. Room only cost £80 a night so Id consider this a bargain for such a central location. Not quite a 5 star hotel but excellent value if you stay here at the weekend.	
Apr 5 2006	Fantastic!	My girlfriend and I, have just spend a night at the Grange Holborn, and it was simply fantastic. We have travelled alot, and have, over the years, seen hotels in all categories, and, at a discount rate of only half the normal price, this hotel simply deserves an A+. The room we had was at least 30m2, clean without smelling of syntethics, the fitness and health department was very functional and tasteful (we used it as the last thing sunday evening and first thing monday morning), and the service was outstanding without being snobbish. And for that we paid under half the normal rate?!? To the choosey travellers: The hotel seems very new/recently renovated, and if you can get a good deal, it is definitely worth paying 100£ a night for. Opposite to most of theese large hotels, the Grange Holborn isn't &quot;shabby&quot;, but seems well-kept and nice. I'm not sure we would have been this satisfied, had we payed the full price, but at 100£ a night, this hotel definitely deserves en &quot;Excellent&quot;-rating.	
Apr 2 2006	avoid this place	the worst hotel Ive stayed in for some time. This is rated as 5 star! and to be fair the pool, breakfast, were fine. However many other things were not. The bedroom was small yet cold. The bathroom door you could hardly squeeze through because the bathroom was so small. They took 20 mins to bring an ashtray. Another 20 mins to bring up a glass of wine. The worst part by far was the next day when they STOLE my partner`s clothing. After leaving, we realised that her bikini had been left hanging from the shower tap. On return to collect it, we were informed that housekeeping had not reported any items found in the room, on cleaning. The reception staff were frosty, dismissive and became quite hostile (5* hotel remember). They refused to check the room, until after one hour of arguing they reluctantly agreed to send someone up. The duty manager promised to ring us the next day about the situation. You guessed, no phone call. Have they replied to our e-mail?...guess again. This place is a disgrace.	
Mar 26 2006	Quite a few times	My wife and I have stayed at the Holborn Grange four or five times and at each stay have been delighted with the service and quality. The last time we took our son and his fiance with us and because of possible overbooking we were asked if we would like to upgrade to the City hotel. A limousine was provided to transport us to our new location which gave us wonderful views of the Tower of London, Tower Bridge etc. The only drawback was getting back into central London which the Grange Holborn is so ideally situated for. Is'nt it so nice after an evening out to return to the hotel and relax in the lounge with a nightcap. We are staying there again this Easter and we know it will be perfect.	
Mar 25 2006	Value for money - nice pool but room a bit small	Stayed for a weekend at lowest rate £90 per night. Room was a bit small and decor looking a bit dated but was clean and quite comfortable. The inclusive breakfast was not good enough; greasy croissants, watery orange juice and slightly dried up cheese. I think a full buffet breakfast should have been on offer in this price. The pool was lovely though, quite unusual and definitely worth a visit. Staff were friendly enough and well trained.On the whole I give this hotel a 7/10.	
Feb 28 2006	I'll be back	Superb location just two minutes walk from Holborn Underground Station. Staff were friendly, courteous and eager to help. The rooms were well appointed and spotlessly clean. Contrary to the last review of the hotel I read, all our party thought the buffet breakfast was excellent with a good choice of food on offer. We visited the Spa each morning which had a decent size pool and complimentary towels and toiletries. We shall definitely return the next time we are in London.	
Feb 21 2006	Don't rush down for breakfast!	We spent three nights at the Grange Holborn in February 2006. We booked on the hotel's website and it cost £250 for the full stay. On the positive side, this hotel is very well located, close to Covent Garden and the City. It is clean, the rooms are comfortable and well equipped with a kettle, ironing board, good quality toiletries and a selection of current magazines. In general the staff were friendly and helpful. However, it is on a main road and pretty noisy. We had a room at the back of the hotel and on the ninth floor but were still regularly disturbed by street noise and police sirens. The decor is loosely Egyptian in style and very dated. If you like contemporary design you'll hate it. The breakfasts were very poor. Watery orange juice, weak tastless tea poured from stained jugs, processed bread and pastries. Several of the waiters needed a trip to the dry cleaners and areas of the dining room were decidedly grubby. Generally poor housekeeping. To sum up; this hotel is OK if you get a good deal but don't expect it to be 5 star and don't pay more than £90 a night.	
Feb 14 2006	First class. Some people need to get off their High Horse!	The hotel really does rate as one of the best I have ever stayed at. The pool and facilities were 1st class. Molton Brown as your everyday cosmetics/toiletries says it all really. The room was a good size, the bathroom was state of the art and the breakfast which had a £7.50 supplement to be upgraded to full english was 1st class. Totally recommend the weekend deals where you can pay from £80 per room per night. Only slight criticism would be getting a taxi back after 0200hrs!If you get a chance, book 2 days and not the 1. Enjoy!	
Feb 5 2006 	Nice Business Hotel	My company booked this hotel for me. It's very close to the Holborn Tube Station. The room had most of the amenities I needed and was fairly comfy. They gave me 2 single beds, which were very small. I should have called ahead to book a double or king-sized bed.I had a problem with their bedding though. I found the cover on top of the bed to be quite dirty. I called early in the morning to ask them to change it but when I returned in the afternoon, it was still the same cover. I called again and after being put on hold for a short while, the line was disconnected. I thought someone would call me back, but after waiting for 15 minutes, I got quite annoyed and called again to explain the problem. They told me they would get someone to my room in 10 minutes but housekeeping didn't make it to my room until an hour later and even then, they brought a blanket, not a cover. When I clarified my problem again, housekeeping was very efficient and brought me a clean cover.	
Jan 18 2006	So far so good	Just going through the reviews and felt I should add one of my own. I come to the UK 3/4 times a year for short breaks with my son and we have stayed at the Grange Holborn on many occasions, I think we discovered it in 1999. I do admit quality has changed since then but I find it necessary to point out that for a hotel located in practically in the heart of London, excellent price value and I dare anyone to find cheaper (with breakfast/taxe included,complimentary newspaper,spa,pool(though we've never used that service yet). We will definately keep coming back (as long as they don't let us down....which is always a possibility in this industry). So please, Grange Holborn, keep up your standards and rates!	
Jan 15 2006 	Decent hotel but certainly not 5 or 4*	I stayed in the Grange hotel for one night in December for a work function. The hotel upgraded us, which effectively ment a slightly larger room with two double beds. We didn't need the second double bed but the room was large.Good things:-Shower: the shower is heavenly.-Good value for money.-Location: central.-The room was clean.-Room facilities: good CD player.-Spa facilities.Bad things:-Our room was freezing cold and no matter how much we turned up the thermostat the temperature didn't go much higher.-Room decor is average and more 3 than 5*.	
Nov 28 2005	Nice Surprise	My daughter, age 15, and I left the Thistle Victoria because it was so dirty and old. We ended up staying at the Grange Holborn Hotel for Five nights and we loved it. This was my third trip to London, and I loved how clean and modern the Holborn was. The staff was wonderful to us. Despite being two females alone in London, we felt very safe in the Bloomsbury area. The Hotel was extremely clean and our rooms included breakfast which was nice. After touring London all day, it was nice to use the steam room and pool in the evening. Also, there was a market across from the tube stop in case one wanted to grab a snack or drink after sightseeing. We would stay here again if we have a chance.	
Nov 22 2005	Excellent hotel in a great location	Just spent three nights at the Grange, Holborn and we would highly recommend it to anyone wanting a good hotel, centrally located.A good sized room, large double bed, settee, coffee table &amp; chair, TV, music system, coffee maker etc., safe, nice bathroom. Everything is very clean.Buffet breakfast, swimming pool.As with most city centre hotels there is traffic noise, even on the top floor. So if you want a quiet room ask for one at the back of the hotel.We paid £90 per room per night, bed &amp; buffet breakfast, Friday - Monday, which in my opinion is a bargain for central London!We would definately stay there again.	
Oct 19 2005	5 star surroundings but only 2 star readiness	Norway October 2005We, a family of five, had booked a familyroom (double exectutive + extra bed) several weeks ahead. Our arrival was confirmed by us a day prior to arrival stating once again, number of guests and that we would arrive very late, arround 24:00. Upon arrival, we for sure got a room, but it was equiped for only two persons. Our complaint was dealt with in a not very professional manner. They asked us to be patient for 10 minutes, but our room was not ready until 01:15. I think that we could expect more from a 5 star hotel. We think that these, lets say mishap, might happen from time to time. But then again I expect more from a hotel claming to be a 5 star establishment. The hotel for sure look like a 5 star establishment, but some of their night staff didn't impress us. Otherwise the complementary breakfast was just as they said; continental. Resturant staff was very service minded. All in all, we can not give this hotel more than 2 points since the value for money ratio is way to low. Best Regards from Norway	
Oct 1 2005	Excellent	I stayed at this hotel twice in June both for 2 nights together. The hotel is in a great location just a couple of minutes walk from Holborn Station. You can easily walk to Covent Garden, Leicester Square. Its the perfect stay if like me you travel into London Kings X. I would stay here every time. On a weekend Holborn is really quiet so its easy to get on the tube. The rooms are great = ask for a 7 or 8th floor so you can see the London Eye or right across London. Will definately be staying again!	
Sep 20 2005	Great Room Fab pool	A girls weekend in london including tea at the Ritz so we wanted a hotel with some extras like a pool etc. This hotel was in a good location and the staff proved very helpful. The room was huge! even for 3 of us. The continental breakfast was also very good and included in the price - we booked direct for £160 pnpr.	
Sep 9 2005	Awful hotel with terrible guest relations	4 of us had booked a weekend break at this hotel on 9th July. Following the london bombings, 2 of us tried to cancel the room on the 8th after police advice was not to travel to london, and they threw the 24 hour rule at us and we had to pay for an unused room. (BA on the other hand changed the non-changeable flights with no questions asked and no charges).2 of us went to london anyway in defiance of the bombers, but were really disappointed with this hotel. In tems of decor and accomodation the hotel struggles to even come close to a 4* never mind 5* - it looks more like a pub than a hotel. It is a converted 60s office block and feels and looks like it. Very dated and shabby.Service not great either - we had booked a smoking double - got to the room and had a non-smoking twin. Back to reception and got the room changed - they still couldn't get it right, this time we got a non-smoking double - couldn't be bothered to change again.Used the internet facilities in the lobby. £3 for 10 mins or something like that, however the connection was lost as they tried to set up a laptop for another guest - no apology or refund offered.I don't know who is responsible for allocating star ratings in the UK, but whoever gave this hotel 5 of them needs to seriously rethink it.I wrote to the MD about my dissatisfaction with the hotel - it took them 2 months to reply - says it all really.	
Sep 2 2005	Weekend Hotel Rates Unbeatable	Stayed at the Grange Holborn for two nights over Bank Holiday Weekend in August. Arrived early and had our luggage stored until room was ready later on after 2pm. I had booked a twin room but got an upgrade to a room with two double beds on third floor with tea/coffee making there, and everything you would expect. Having got a rate of £80 per night including breakfast this hotel was great value. Breakfast was good, no one hassling you to leave and very polite staff on duty too in breakfast room. I have stayed here twice before and found the hotel to be very good each time. Rooms are always clean and have air-conditioning that actually works unlike some other London hotels. Well worth trying out this hotel at the weekend when rates are so good for this standard of accommodation.	
Aug 16 2005	Great hotel lovely staff	I stayed at The Grange Holborn Hotel for a romantic weekend with my boyfriend. I went to the hotel the day before we checked in and asked to view the rooms to see whether I wanted a standard or king room. They did this without hassle and a reservations person showed me through the rooms. I mentioned that it was for a special occasion and he was nice enough to make a note on my booking to reflect that - which in turn got us a free upgrade to a king room We checked in with no hassle and found the staff helpful. We made use of the swimming pool (which isn't very heated!) and the steam room. The room was great and we had no problems whatsoever. The buffet breakfast was a good too, especially since we only paid £85pn. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Jul 29 2005 	Good business hotel - near to British Museum and West End	I stay at the Holborn for business and it is a great place if you want to be in the West End, near Covent Garden but not in the fray. Also, great location to the British Museum. I would suggest staying here - but I do prefer the Radisson Mountbatten actually if given a choice.	
Jun 13 2005 	A safe bet for Business or pleasure...	I live in the South of England but have to stay in the big smoke on a fairly regular basis and this was time was booked in by a client to the Holborn Grange. I was very impressed with the speedy check in/check out and room facilities and cleanliness. I had a great sized room too.I didn't get to try many of the other facilities ie restaurant or leisure but the service is the lobby seemed good.I have colleagues that conduct business meetings here too.Its in a good (if slightly hidden) location which in my view makes it a good bet!!I would certainly book here again if that helps.....	
Jun 7 2005	excellent stay	Having never been to London, my wife and I were nervous about even booking a hotel there because of horror stories we had heard from friends staying at other hotels in this city (including some hotels that don't disclose the fact that their very expensive room doesn't include a private bathroom). Also, the exchange rate with the British Pound Sterling is incredibly bad for Americans, with most everything costing almost twice as much as it does in the U.S. Knowing that, I spent about two hours online researching over fifty properties, and ended on the Grange Holborn because of the location, price and the good reviews on this site.The Grange met or exceeded our expectations on nearly all levels. First off, we got a very good rate due to a Bank Holiday promotion. After I booked, I emailed the hotel asking about transportation options from Heathrow Airport. Within a day I got a very courteous response with detailed information. The hotel is conveniently located near the West End, about two blocks from a Tube station, close to theatres, shops and restaurants; and less than 2 blocks from the British Museum. The building is modern with a nice lobby that includes a lounge/bar area that was pleasant. The room was very nice and clean, and nicely if stylistically decorated. The bathroom had a fairly large tub and had marble floor and wall tile. The room rate we got included a free breakfast at the hotel restaurant, which we took advantage of for every day of our stay. The food there was fine and the service, while not spectacular, was no worse than at any other restaurant in London. The hotel was quiet as well...I know there were complaints about the noise from other reviewers here, but we didn't experience any noise problems. One of the coolest amenities of the hotel was the gym in the basement with the large indoor pool. I used the pool every day I was there (it was nice after walking around humid London all day), and was quite impressed with the decor of the pool - lots of marble and glass. Overall, we were very impressed and will definitely return. London was a great city and this was a reasonably priced and exceptional hotel.	
Mar 18 2005 	Traveller	I have a possibility to compare accommodation in London.I think Holborn Hotel has a rear combination for London : new modern building , clean and big size rooms, good location and good breakfast with good variety.Also I like room's decor - affected a little but very cosy. Infrequent hotel in London could offer a swimming pool !	
Feb 26 2005	Good Value for Central London	The location of this hotel is excellent. Two blocks north from the Central Line Tube stop and maybe 1 km from Oxford Street and all the shopping. The staff is mostly Eastern European and very friendly. The grasp of the English language, however, can sometime be challenging. Service in the hotel bar is typically English - help yourself by asking. Prices are reasonable. The Sushi Bar is very nice and the food is very good. Probably a three star restaurant. Internet access available in the rooms via ethernet for 10 GBP a day. Wireless access can be found in the lobby. Breakfast is incredibly expensive and incredibly disappointing. Full English Breakfast is 16 GBP. You are better off going up Southhampton Row three blocks to have breakfast in a different restaurant. Guardian newspaper delivered to your door every weekday. Magazines are changed out weekly. 11 Television Channels - Sky, BBC, CNN International and NHK (Japanese). 24 room service is a huge plus. 15 minute cab ride to the financial district. Great for a business traveller.	
Feb 11 2005	Great decor and facilities	I stayed on and off at the Holborn Grange for about 30 nights in London over the last 2 years - it is my #2 choice in London.  Highlights: Location is great. CD Player in the room is fantastic. Breakfast is good value. Gym and especially pool are very nice. Decor and furnishings excellent  Could do better: Never remember me when I check in (Welcome Back would be nice); Dinner is pricey, ... and the temperature in the corridors is always set to boiling  Minor quibbles- a great hotel at the 4* level 	
Jan 24 2005	You Get What You Pay For	We stayed at this hotel on Friday night. Having stayed at the Grange Langham Court hotel (4*) a few times I was expecting this to be very average accomodation. We managed to pick up an excellent rate on a twin room. The hotel is clean and friendly. Its Southampton Row location means it is ideally situated for theatre and shopping breaks. If you're expecting luxury by the Grosvenor, Ritz etc standards you will be disappointed. The rooms are clean, fairly large (by London standards) have TV, stereo, tea/coffee and hairdryer. The bathrooms are fairly small but adequate. The pool and sauna are nice. The bar area is large with a good atmosphere and friendly staff. The continental breakfast is good and for an extra 6 you can have full English. I would say that this hotel deserves its 5* rating, it could do with a little modernising but you do get what you pay for and more! Why pay 150+ a room elsewhere when you can have a very nice stay here!?!	
Jan 8 2005	Nice hotel	We had an enjoyable stay here - good size rooms, friendly staff, good facilities and a nice restaurant. Hotel is well placed near underground. I would highly recommend this hotel. However, I return from our trip with a nasty stomach infection - cryposporidium - which apparantly is found in swimming pools. This may be a coincidence but we did use the hotel pool.	
Jan 6 2005	Very Satisfying	Our family of three searched far and wide before committing to 11 nights in one hotel during the holiday season. We landed on the Grange Holborn and, after a lengthy stay, were very pleased with our choice. Especially given all the insecurities attached to making a choice with great potential impact on an overseas vacation, we can say that there were no disappointments. The Grange was clean, quiet and staffed by courteous people who seemed to recognize the value of service. The facilities were impressive, from exercise gym to sauna and pool. The buffet breakfast was excellent. The Grange is a two to three minute walk to the tube with easy access to the most vital tube routes. There are decent neighborhood restaurants within easy walking distance. Attractions such as the British Museum and St. Paul's Cathedral also are easily accessed on foot. We'd stay there again without hesitation.	
Dec 24 2004	friendly hotel	Nice situated hotel in central london and only 3 minutes walk from the underground. Our first room was rather small with a small bed and bathroom as well. The second day we got a much bigger room. Unfortunately you hear rather a lot of noise coming from the street.Service is very good. People are friendly and also breakfast is nice.The weekend price in december booked by my travel agent is great.....for a london hotel.... So the next time we come back to this hotel.	
Nov 12 2004	Nothing special but nothing bad	Stayed here for one night last month. Well located hotel for the City and not that far from the West End.Service was good - fast check in and out. Room service was also quick and of reasonable quality.My room was very big, but the bathroom was very small. Very traditional decour - beds with sheets/blankets and normal pillows. Rather small television with not very good receptions (seems to be a recurring theme with London hotels!).I'd stay there again at a push, but there are some far more interesting and modern hotels available in that part of London.	
Nov 5 2004	Simply Superb	I have stayed at many hotels all over London and Europe and I would put this in the 5 star bracket as advertised. I read all the reviews before going and thought well I'll take a chance. Hardly any noise although we were on the 7th floor at the back. Staff really friendly and helpful. Prime position in London. The gym-pool-sauna-steam room area was never even half full and a delight to experience. Coming back late at night was a pleasure to be able to relax in the bar for a while and there is internet in the lobby for those who wish to catch up. What more could you ask for and I got this for only £105 for a double room that included continental breakfast. One of the cleanest hotels also. Next time I return I'm taking my 3 kids who will adore this friendly hotel.	
Oct 18 2004	A LUCKY UPGRADE!	stayed for 1 night sat 16th october 04, after being upgraded because of maintenance at our previously booked hotel. we were more than happy! clean, comfortable, large &amp; quite, relaxed in the steam &amp; sauna room before taking a swim. Staff polite &amp; friendly, &amp; there was a wide choice at breakfast. would go again at right price, some how don't think we will be as lucky another year. tube station about 2 mins down the road, mc donalds, tesco, sainsburys, cafe all within 2 mins walk.	
Sep 21 2004	A Happy Regular!!	First found this hotel about 4 years ago and have been a regular here ever since.The location is excellent with Covent Garden, Soho and Oxford Street all within easy walking distance. It's great to have an evening out without the rush for the last tube or the late night struggle to get a 'genuine' taxi.Despite other reviews, i've always found the rooms and public areas clean, comfortable and in good decor. My only complaint about the pool area is that the water is often (95% of the time) quite cold but, unlike many other hotels, this area is adequately staffed and therefore clean and tidy.The full breakfast has changed to a still fairly generous continental buffet at the weekend but i presume this is to keep costs down as i've only seen the room rate increase by £5 in the last few years.A good hotel, in a great location with friendly, efficient staff including breakfast and leisure facilities for well under £100 a night. I couldn't and don't need to ask for more!	
Sep 12 2004	A really good experience	It was our first trip to London, but have stayed in some really average hotels in other towns, didnt know what to expect from The Grange Holborn as some of the other reviews about the hotel were a bit mixed. But we were very pleasently surprised, we had a room at the back of the hotel so no views but on the plus side we heard no traffic noise at all, as other people had said they were troubled by in there reviews. The room was spacious and very clean. The staff couldnt have been friendlier or more helpful. We are planning another trip to London and I wouldnt hesitate to re- book at the hotel.	
Aug 16 2004	Mixed Feelings	I have mixed feelings about this hotel. Pluses are as follows:very comfortable and large beds, modern decor, large rooms, excellent and swift maid service at our time of choosing, overall good value for money (if you take the discount deals) given the location, the baby cot requested was already waiting for us in the room when we checked in.Minuses are as follows:air conditioning packed up both nights making it impossible to sleep and when we (not unreasonably) requested an electric fan this was refused, noisy outside given close proximity to main thoroughfare even when windows closed, swimming pool felt very cold, some items listed on buffet breakfast menu were not available, newspapers were not delivered to the room when booked.	
Aug 15 2004	A bit Tacky a bit Kitsch but mainly conventional	Is this really a 4 or 5* hotel?! Hmm... Not my kind of hotel at all... I only stayed there as it is recommended by the company I work for - I often send people there and wanted to check personally what it is actually like. The staff at reception were very pleasant and the entrance (fake egyptian) had a kitsch and fun feel to it. Upstairs however it was just run-of-the-mill decor, conventional, dull and a bit worn. My bed was quite uncomfortable (they still use sheets and blankets, rather then duvets). Lighting in the room was via energy-efficient bulbs, which rendered a cold, dull atmosphere. I really did not feel at home there, and could not wait to leave. Personally I like more personable, boutique hotels with character (eg Sydney House, Malmaison or Threadneedles). I will not return.	
Jul 28 2004	Great hotel	After staying in a few hotels in London this was far the best we have stayed in, staff was always polite, room was spacious, we paid 90 U.K. Pounds a night which was the special weekend rate, Friday night to Monday which also included breakfast. Only negative was telling the porter we lived in Cornwall for him to say he had never heard of it!!!!!!!!, a town is one thing, but a county. Still great place though.	
Jul 25 2004	Not As Good As Previous Visits!	After staying at the Grange Holborn on 4 previous times - we decided to book in to an Executive Room (what a mistake!)We arrived and the room was not ready and had to wait 50 minutes before we could check in (this was at 14:00! When we got to the room it was no different to the rooms we had stayed in previously o but with a bath that was lacking in enamel which was sharp - spoke to the reception desk and they basically said tough! so we contacted the agent and what a suprise when we returned we where moved (thats not the best bit!).We where moved to an executive room only to open the door to find two people already in the room so off to reception again - the Duty Manager was very sorry and helpful and moved us to the executive room we had booked (still feeling sorry for the two people I walked in on!) The room was big with a King Size bed and lots of floor space and a large bathroom but that was the only really difference from the standard rooms (worth the money - dont think so) Pool &amp; Fitness Suite is nice and never busy. The Holborn is a good location with Covent Garden &amp; The British Museum within a couple of minutes walking - The Tube is less than 2 minutes away as well. Breakfast use to be a full English Buffett Style but for some reason they have changed this to a cold buffett and you have to pay for the cooked breakfast and they have put the prices up.Don't think I will be staying again now... as the service and value for a 5 Star Hotel is seriously dropping compared to previous visits.	
May 23 2004	Fantastic		
May 7 2004	very good London hotel		
Mar 30 2004	quite nice		
Mar 17 2004	Staff are a bit iffy.		
Dec 31 2003	Traffic noise		
Dec 9 2003	Good hotel - very expensive if you pay full rate		
Sep 26 2003	Great deal at the weekend rate		
Sep 25 2003	Needs improvement		
May 9 2003	Keep going back...		
Jan 7 2003	Grange Holborn is Great!		
Jun 6 2009 	Hotel in Toplage mit Topservice		
Jan 5 2009 	De l'excellent et du moins bien		
Jun 19 2008 	Favolosa posizione		
Apr 25 2008 	Un quattro stelle superiore		
Mar 29 2008	Posizione centrale ma tranquilla e vicinissima tube. Belle camere		
Mar 28 2008 	El Grange Holborn a la altura de lo deseado		
