	Quiet clean and modern.	We loved our stay and found the hotel to be very clean and relaxing. We actually lounged in the lobby and read from their collection of travel guide books. The front desk staff was happy to assist us with snail mail, restaurants, and anything else we needed. The breakfast was of a great variety and the staff tending to the buffet were readily available to supply whatever we needed. We stayed on the back side of the building and had no noise and a comfortable bed. The rooms were a decent size for Europe. Also the location was three blocks north of a major metro stop and Hyde Park.	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice hotel great service good location	We spent a long weekend at the Sumner and were overall very happy with our choice.The hotel is perfectly located for shopping and sight-seeing, just a 2 min walk to Marble Arch. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, giving us recommandations for restaurants in the area, etc.Our room was ok, nothing really special, more on the small side with not really fancy furniture. The bathroom was also very small, but everthing was very clean and well equipped. The beds are very good.Breakfast which is included in the rate was also good. Not the biggest choice, but some cold and warm dishes and everything that was available was really good and fresh.My only complaint would be that when in the room you hear a lot of nice from the rooms beside and on top of you. While we were there there was a group of very noise elderly women around who would return to the hotel every morning at 3 am giggeling like teenagers and making a lot of noise. As they had rooms all around us they woke us up every night which was a bit annoying. But apart from that the hotel is very nice and I would go there again.	
Nov 15 2009 	The Sumner delivers on it's promise of comfort and service.	Our recent eight night stay at the Sumner proved to everything we were looking for in a boutique hotel in London. Great location, quiet, comfortable and clean room with all the amenities. Helpful courteous staff and a breakfast buffet that gave us a good start to the day. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this gem of a hotel with it's close location to Marble Arch.	
Nov 15 2009 	Spotless great location needs a couple of tweaks	Having previously booked at the Sumner in 2008 and being shifted to their sister hotel (Montagu Place, which by the way is also very good), my wife and I were looking forward to the weekend.The hotel generally met expectations, with a couple of specifics that would benefit from a bit of thought.Positives - spotless, finished to a high standard, very comfy bed, great location, and at £135 per night for the weekend, a reasonable price to payNegatives - only a couple, but detracted from a perfect stay. Firstly, the breakfast room is below floor level and slightly cramped. Hot and cold food is self service, but because the breakfast hours are 8am to 9.30am, everyone landed on breakfast at 9.15am and it was a bit of a melee. It would have been smoother if the cold food had been self-service, and the hot food had been ordered at the table.Secondly, check-out on the Sunday was fairly early at 11am, but still the cleaning staff started their work before 10am. After a late night, it was disappointing to be woken up by the chatter of the maids to each other, and the vacuum cleaner on the stairs. Could they not have waited till 11am when everyone would have checked out?Thirdly, the windows were single-glazed, and as a result the hotel suffers slightly because of its location. Traffic and early morning risers wouldn't have been audible with double glazing.Overall, we had a good time, and with a couple of tweaks, it would have been close-on perfect. I hope the hotel reads this review and considers the suggestions.	
Nov 14 2009 	Quiet and Pleasant	I arrived at The Sumner for a 5-night stay after acquiring a terrible cold in Dublin. I was relieved to walk into a quiet, elegant townhome that felt like an upscale residence. There is a small lift to help with luggage, but no bellman. My room was located on the 3rd floor, and there was a flight of stairs inaccessible by the lift up which I had to haul my rather large suitcase. The room was a decent size and outfitted with simplistic, functional furniture. The ceilings are tall which helps the smaller scale. I had everything I needed in the space, including free tea service served both in the room and in the lounge upon my request. If you're looking for a private, small property, The Sumner is a sure bet.	
Nov 14 2009 	Would be the first place id try to book on a return trip to London	We stayed 4 nights in late September in this small boutique hotel and found it exceeded our expectations .The rooms were generous in size ,the beds very comfortable and the cleanliness of the whole place excellent .It is in a quiete location yet very handy to Marble Arch station ,the bus stops ,Hyde Park and Oxford St .The showers are a little tight which didnt bother us but may for big people.The staff are very accomodating ie helpful and friendly.The breakfasts for a small hotel are everything youd want .We have already recommended this hotel to others .	
Nov 7 2009 	Oasis of calm in bustling London	Cdn. couple recently stayed at The Sumner for ten days....wewere happy to return to our lovely calm room after days spentin the buzz of London. Bed was probably the most comfortable hotel bed we've slept in. Service was quietly efficient...Bathroom although small....was immaculate, well appointed and warm.....Our onlyquibble was no coffee maker in the room for 'time-zoned early risers'...up before the yummy breakfast was ready......We will return.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great location not a lot else to recommend	Chose this hotel to stay in due to the positive reviews on Tripadvisor and got a good price for a London Hotel.Very happy with the location, only 3 minutes off Oxford Street and the Marble Arch tube station.Room was average, twin room, good size, reasonable bathroom.My main gripes are that there was no tea/coffee facilities in the room which is usually standard in any hotel - instead you have to ring reception and they will bring you them but you have to pay. We were lucky enough to receive stale biscuits with our drinks.Also the hotel is noisey - we were put in a room on the basement floor next to the breakfast room and we were woken at 6am by the staff preparing the room for breakfast. A few little extra touches would make this a lovely hotel, as it is I wouldn't recommend it.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great B	We had an excellent stay at Hotel Sumner while in London. The rooms were clean, fairly large for european standards, and the bed was soft. The bathroom was nice and also large for european standards. The breakfast was nice...meats, cheeses, eggs, cereals, pastries, juice, and coffee. There was a free internet station in the lobby also. The location is great for exploring London, a couple blocks from the Marble Arch tube stop &amp; also near a hop on/hop off bus stop. My only negative comment is some of the staff's lack of knowledge....we had numerious questions for the girl working at night, and I don't believe she was able to answer any of them.	
Nov 6 2009 	A great hotel	Great little hotel in a real nice part of London. Good service from the moment we checked in. Not the biggest rooms, but really nice furnished. High stylish ceilings.Excellent breakfast with a variety of choices of hot &amp; cold food. This is from now on our second home in London! :-)	
Nov 3 2009 	A swanky boutique hotel in a good location!	At last we have discovered a London hotel that has large clean rooms with comfortable beds for a reasonable price. The room furnishings were stylish and modern with all the amenities. Staff were friendly and most willing to help with directions. The location near the Marble Arch Tube station was perfect for exploring London and even though just off a busy commercial street, the hotel was quiet and we felt completely safe walking in the area. We will definitely make the Sumner Hotel our &quot;home&quot; whenever we are in London!	
Nov 2 2009 	Had an excellent stay at The Sumner Hotel	Hotel staff was very helpful and the breakfast was delicious. If we visit London again we'll book our stay at the Sumner for sure.	
Oct 21 2009 	The Sumner contributed to a perfect celebration weekend	The Sumner is a well located hotel in central London with great access by foot to many tourist locations, restaurants and shops. Perfect for planning a fine dinning and theatre weekend due to access. Easy to find and very clean with friendly staff. Well laid out hotel making the best use of lighting and modern artwork. I had organised a surprise birthday weekend for a family member and this was the perfect place to stay. Thank you Sumner and I wont be staying anywhere else in the future.	
Oct 17 2009 	Crown Jewel in North London	Lovely B&amp;B style hotel. Very quaint with helpful and attentive staff. My room was quiet, clean and very comforable. Lots of hot water and very comfortable mattress which is always a welcome after a long day of sight-seeing. A short walk from the Marble Arch Metro makes this hotel very convenient. I'll stay there again on my next trip to London.	
Oct 16 2009 	Adorable hotel lovely staff	The location is extremely convenient, the staff are lovely and very attentive. The rooms are comfortable and clean. It's a cozy base from which to explore London.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Location Excellent Value for London	We spent 3 excellent nights at the Sumner. The location is perfect - walking distance (10 or 15 mins - it's basically 1 km or 0.7 miles) to Paddington Station to catch the train to Heathrow, A few steps from the Marble Arch tube stop and Oxford Street for loads of shopping and restaurants. A tube day pass will get you to all major attractions in 15 mins or so from the Marble Arch stop, and some of them are even walking distance if you prefer walking as we do (British Museum is about 25 min walk for us, Buckingham Palace &amp; Piccadily Circus the same). We had a King room that faced the street, but the road is quiet and the soundproof glass works wonders. Breakfast was included which we hadn't expected (breads, some scrambled eggs &amp; beans, cereal) and was more than adequate. Room and hotel both had some character to them (nice high ceilings, crown mouldings, sitting room, etc). Great hotel, perfect location for us, and excellent value for London.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very Nice... Pity this hotel is always fully booked!	Location is fantastic in a quiet street close to the busy shopping area of Oxford Street. Walking distance to Hyde Park.Very spacious and confortable rooms. Nice english style house. Small hotel. The breakfast is ok, available from 8 to 9h30 am, perfect for holiday makers; But not for more than 3 days in the row, then it starts to be really poor of variety (but this is a general problem of most hotels in London).Free high speed Internet.EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY. I wish you could always stay at the Sumner but it is always fully booked. Very much appreciated by american people.	
Oct 7 2009 	I love this place!	I came back to The Sumner for my 2nd visit to London in September, and I can say, they are still at the top of their game. My visit was pleasurable, fun, and coming into a room with a very comfortable bed was a plus. The free internet, free breakfast (buffet style) and a very courteous, friendly staff, efficient chambermaids, clean rooms, flat screen TV, minibar….I can’t say enough about this hotel. Great location next to Marble Arch tube, buses, shopping (Oxford Street!), nice restaurants, local pubs, especially The Carpenter Arms and The Mason Arms nearby. When I do return to London, I will definitely be back to this wonderful place!	
Oct 5 2009 	the epitome of a boutique hotel	We stayed at The Sumner last month for six nights. We had asked for a quiet room andwere allocated a small room facing the rear of the property. Despite its small size, we felt comfortable - decor was simple and stylish. Most importantly for me, it was spotlessly clean. The bathroom fittings were of good quality and again, immaculate. Reception staff were very relaxed and very keen to please. One member of staff spent quite some time assisting us when we were unable to connect our wireless computer to the internet, for which we were very grateful. There was a very good range of breakfast food and drink and I am surprised that anyone would find it inadequate as there were juices, cereals, fruits, yoghurts, perfectly cooked scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, pastries, breads, toast and more, all topped off with helpful, happy staff. The owner/owners/manager of the hotel should be very proud of what they have achieved. I think they must be very good people to work for as tthe staff ensured that the overall experience at the hotel could not be faulted. Location wise, it was close to restaurants, shopping and major central London attractions.	
Oct 5 2009 	Fantastic small hotel	My husband and our 13 year old son recently stayed at The Sumner for a week and have not stopped raving about it. We had a good size room with THE most comfortable hotel bed we have ever slept in. The staff were great, the location was great, the hotel was quiet, and they also serve the freshest breakfast (no overcooked eggs here). The hotel feels like you are in someone's home as the staff were very discreet, and it is very tastefully furnished. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Little room big exprience - worth every penny err pence	For our delayed honeymoon, we chose Africa as our destination of choice. But on the way, we flew through London, and we decided to spend 4 days there en route. Sumner Hotel was our choice forwhere to stay, and I have to say, we chose well.The stay started off a bit rocky. We arrived a bit early, and they do not allow early check-in. With so few rooms, they are always full, so they had to turn over the rooms. We arrived, and after sitting in Hyde Park (right across the street basically), we went back to wait in the waiting area. There were two other parties waiting as well. Everyone was tired (probably all on the same all-night flight), and the Sumner staff kept assuring us &quot;5 more minutes&quot;. To be honest, that was annoying. It was not 5 more minutes - it was like 45 more minutes - and we were tired. But to be fair, they needed to clean the rooms, and they did their best to be accommodating. We were just grumpy.The rooms themsleves are tastefully decorated, though they are small as is the case in all of London. The bed was comfy, the bathroom was clean and functional, and the window offered at least a partial view over some rooftops. The breakfast was pretty good, and their beakfast area was actually quite nifty. Considering it was a complimentary breakfast, we were actually quite pleased. A little bacon, some eggs, and random fruits and juices made every day start off a little better.The service there was actually quite remarkable. We needed help setting up the touristy things, and they were very helpful in arranging transports and getting tickets and whatnot. I needed to head to my company's work office in London, and they arranged for a private car for me. It was all quite good.The best part was the location. About 5 minutes from the tube, it was easy to get around. And there were plenty of things to do in the immediate area, and we found a couple of nice places to eat within walking distance. The Sumner is good value, very quaint, and worth the stay. It is more functional then stylish, but for what we needed, I think we chose about as well as we could have.	
Sep 30 2009 	Yes the Tripadvisor comments really are true!!	I booked the Sumner for my husband and I for two nights following a month of traveling around the UK,well it proved to be an oasis. Everything said on this site was true,great rooms,helpful staff,lovely buffet breakfast,perfect location,relaxing lounge area and QUIET!We will definitely return! Soon I hope!	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent all-around hotel with great location	Although labeled as a hotel, this posh flat is more like a bed and breakfast. Very clean with ample room and an excellent shower, this hotel makes for a great stay. Other notable advantages include an outstanding staff, LCD TV's, and a five minute walk to the tube-Marble Arch. I would defintiely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 14 2009 	Awesome!	Frankly this is the nicest hotel we've been in Europe so far and even in North America (excluding some luxury resorts in the Caribbean e.g. Sandals). Courteous almost over polite staff, and knowledgeable.We had Room 201 (a deluxe room) and every thing was perfect from mattress to bathroom to looks. Conveniently located close to Marble Arch (including its tube station), close to shops on Oxford, Hyde Park, etc.Very good breakfast in a small basement room.We were there only for one night and it was perfect for us. Would return any time.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great location great rooms and nice staf	We just came back from a very nice weekend in London. We have been in London a lot over the years but for the first time we enjoyed the hotel :-) The room where great, clean and airy. The staf was nice and helpfull and of cours the location is perfect. This will be our choice the next time too.	
Sep 13 2009 	Superb!	This was a great find (through this site).The staff are some of the most friendly, helpful and informed I've come across.The whole hotel was spotlessly clean and room was delightful - one of the most comfotable hotel beds I've ever slept on. we were in London for a couple of days (20th Wedding Anniversery), but would have happily stayed longer.Highly reccommended.	
Aug 25 2009 	Small understated town house in good location	We traveled with our teenage daughter and found the triple accommodations to be very spacious by European standards. Location was very good, near Marble Arch, Oxford Street (good shopping) and lots of restaurants. Hotel itself is in a residential area and not within easy walking distance to major sights (eg. Buckingham Palace, the Eye, etc.). It was a very good location for us, as this was not our first time to London. Included breakfast was very convenient, although the window of opportunity for it is from 8 to 9:30 -- worked for us, maybe not for all. Beds very comfortable, including single twin bed brought in for our daughter. Bathroom was very clean and worked well. Staff was very helpful. Sitting room is very comfortable, lots of seating and a computer with free internet service. Can also use your own in the room with a free password. There is a real bed and breakfast feel to the place and the other guests were friendly but not intrusive. Our room faced the front, but it was perfectly quiet. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Aug 23 2009 	Loved this hotel!	We truly enjoyed our stay at The Sumner. It was in a great location. Friendly and helpful staff. Extremely comfortable beds. Nice breakfast. Free internet which was a bonus. I get so tired of paying for internet use in hotels! I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Lovely staff comfortable bed.	Stayed in August 09 after reading Trip Advisor reviews. We found the staff so very friendly and helpful, and the bed the most comfortable ever. But as we were given the only ground floor room, we found that people could look in as they walked past. The A/C did not seem to work very well and the room smelled stuffy, but if we opened the window we got street noise. In hindsight, we would have been much happier with the room if it had been upstairs, it was quite large and the standard was very good really. The breakfast was quite good, although there was no fruit platter, but some fresh fruit was available. BUT breakfast was only served from 8 AM till 9.30 AM, not great for a lot of people.Overall though, I would recommend the Sumner, just book a deluxe room like we did, but stipulate upstairs.	
Aug 22 2009 	Perfect location great boutique hotel	This is the 2nd time we have stayed at the Sumner and we have to say if we are in London again we will be back. The accommodation itself has everything you need, there is a pleasant room down stairs where you can have a cup of tea, read one of their books or browse the complimentary internet. The location is fantastic, there is a self service laundry just around the block, transport isn't far and Oxford street and a selection of restaurants is just around the corner. Highly recommended by us!	
Aug 21 2009 	Lovely little 'town house' hotel	Smart converted town house hotel, a couple of minutes walk from Marble Arch. Room (we stayed in room 109 on the top floor) was of a reasonable size for central London, spotlessly clean, with a comfy queen size bed, good linen, air con, flat screen TV and mini-bar. The room faced the street but did not suffer from much noise due to secondary glazing. Bathroom was again very clean and modern although on the small size - shower only, no bath and very little space for toiletries etc. The compliementary breakfast was ok with a range of cereals, croissants, ham &amp; cheese plus coffee and orange juice. However, hot items limited to scrambled egg, beans and, strangely, hot dog sausages only - certainly don't expect a full english breakfast buffet. The breakfast room is quite small and bright and not a place you'd take time over a leisurely breakfast reading the Sunday papers. Overall, a pleasant change from the major 4 &amp; 5 * chains and perhaps a little bit cheaper. Downside is the limited breakfast selection in the small breakfast room which you would not want to spend more than 15mins in............	
Aug 16 2009 	Not dreadful not fabulous either.	I had been looking forward to my stay at the Sumner after reading such strong reviews for it. Unfortunately, the room I'd booked was in the basement of the hotel. It was a good-sized king room, and for the basement level the light was OK. However, one really shouldn't be greeted with this scenario after flying for seven and a half hours, claiming baggage, going through customs, and managing the tube out of LHR. To boot, my room was across the hall from the hotel's breakfast room, so every morning I was subjected to the din of clinking flatware, porcelain, and tourist conversation. Not unbearable, but again not what I'd signed on for. The breakfast was OK, but lacked the sense of bounteousness that marks a decent buffet. I'm not a huge eater - but a good fruit selection would have made a difference. I kept thinking of this great little hotel where I stayed in Cologne last year...Lastly, the hotel offers to procure tickets to London shows for its guests. I could have taken care of this on my own, but delegated the task to the front desk on my last day in London. I returned to the hotel around 5:00 to find that it hadn't happened, and the person working the front desk had received no information on this request from the staff working earlier in the day. By this time, the pickings for the show were slim.Overall, I felt like these people were not on their game. For the rate I paid, I expected more.	
Aug 13 2009 	Fantastic	Hotel and staff were fantastic!! It was a double celebration for us a 35th Wedding Anniversary and A 56th Birthday celebration so it had to be special and it was! Very friendly staff, excellent cleanliness and a rather nice buffet breakfast. We will be back for sure. Thank you. Mr &amp; Mrs Oak, Oxford,UK	
Aug 11 2009 	GEM!	Superb location - easy access to Marble Arch and surrounding attractions. Room, although dark (we were in basement) was spacious, comfy and lovely. Staff were welcoming &amp; helpful. Overall, really enjoyed our two night stay. Our son stayed in room with us and there was still plenty of room even with sofa bed down. Would recommend this b&amp;b with 4/5* appeal.	
Aug 10 2009 	Loved this place!	This hotel is more like a bed and breakfast and it is like a renovated brownstone. The rooms are lovely, the staff is nice and very helpful and it was a great location for all that I wanted to do. It felt as though I was in a nice home. The rooms are very comfortable with nice beds and bedding. Breakfast is good though the one room that could use better decor is the breakfast room. I plan on staying again for my next trip.	
Aug 9 2009 	Loved it !	Having stayed at the Sumner hotel last year, we decided to return for a 2nd stay. We opted for a larger front-facing room this time and were not disappointed. We requested a room on the top floor and this request was granted.The whole hotel is simply wonderful - the helpful staff, the adequate breakfast, the free internet in the lounge.Would definatly return for a 3rd stay!	
Aug 7 2009 	Nice Boutique Hotel Good Location	The Sumner Hotel received good ratings on Trip Advisor so we choose it for our stay in London. Good choice. It is a quiet, small hotel, quite modern, with 20 rooms. The staff was young, friendly and very helpful. We had a large room with all the amenities except an in room safe. The only real disappointment was that the walls were not well insulated as we could hear the next room. Excellent hot full breakfast was included in the price. We really liked the location, only a couple of blocks from Oxford Street and Marble Arch making access to the Underground and the rest of London, quick and easy. Several restaurants, in all price ranges. near the hotel. Guests are provided with a map and details of most of them.	
Jul 31 2009 	Just as good the second time	We stayed at the Sumner in October (2008) and had a very enjoyable stay. Our return visit was just as good. The room was a little larger than the &quot;standard&quot; London hotel room, the bathroom compact but very serviceable. The only negative being the stairs on the landings to the room - if you are unsteady on your feet - thread carefully as the stairs are narrow and not always perfectly level (they do have lifts, but to access some rooms you do need to negotiate a few sets of stairs). Otherwise no issues.The breakfast - generous and fresh. The service excellent - the same waitress (from last year) who remembered tea and coffee preferences on days 2-4. The internet facility in the lounge was a plus.This time we ate locally and found the fact sheet that the hotel provided an excellent guide. After a couple of nights of expensive meals elsewhere we were delighted to eat at reasonably priced (by London standards) neighbourhood restaurants, all within a couple of hundred metres of the hotel.The hotel is perfectly located to transport and shopping.Excellent price value - for London.	
Jul 21 2009 	Location is Great	Just back from our second stay at the Sumner.. Very nice ,again.Location is great , you can walk through Hyde Park to Harrods,Buckingham Palace or Victoria Station. Also, Oxford St and the tube at Marblearch.Nice restaurants in the area and a few local pubs. If you can get a good price--take it.	
Jul 21 2009 	Stylish great location and good value for money	We stayed here for two nights, having booked tickets to see a Westend Play and do a bit of shopping in London. The hotel was lovely, bright, friendly and small. Our room was on the second floor, facing the street and although it's a busy part of the city, the noise level was very low inside. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was good. Breakfast was served in the basement, with lots to choose from and the staff were very pleasent. Reception guys couldn't have been more helpfull.We never got a chance to relax in the lounge, but it looked very relaxing.Will book this hotel the next time I'm in London. Fab	
Jul 19 2009 	In a word - perfect	Very pleasantly surprised. Room was spacious (for inner-city London), quiet, location close to paddington and st pancras stations, metro, buses and shopping walking distance. Staff were pleasant and helpful.The breakfast is basic, but included in rate.	
Jul 16 2009 	Wonderful Hotel excellent location	We stayed at the Sumner for 8 nights and enjoyed it very much. The hotel is very clean, the complimentary breakfast is very good and helpful especially when a full day of sightseeing is planned.We had two rooms, a king and a double. The hotel is very quiet and comfortable.The location is about 2 blocks from the Marble Arch tube station. There are many shops and restaurants within a short walking distance.Bus tours leave from the Cumberland hotel and the On and Off Bus tours have tickets booths across the street from the tube station.We would stay her again..loved it!	
Jul 14 2009 	Wonderful experience highly recommend	My husband and I just returned from spending a week at this hotel and we loved every minute of our stay. Everything was lovely, very clean, very modern. The staff was very helpful and did a fantastic job of cleaning our room each day. The location is terrific, right off of Marble Arch. This was our first time staying in the Marylebone area and I would definitely recommend the neighborhood to anyone who wants to stay someplace central, and is looking for something a bit less touristy than some of the other central areas. Great restaurants in the surrounding area (Marylebone High Street has so many), great hotel, just a wonderful time.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Stay in London	We stayed 3 nights at the Sumner from June 22 to June 25, 2009. The Sumner is a great place for London visitors to stay. The room and bathroom were large and well decorated and supplied. The front desk personnel were very helpful in answering all our questions. The breakfast was great. Breakfast was not scheduled to be served until 8:00am but we were able to get everything they offered except the hot food items at 6:45am so we could catch our tour bus at 7:15. On the last day when we were not going on a tour, the breakfast included all the hot food items and was very good. The place was very well located, close to bus stops and the Tube at Marble Arch, and in a good neighborhood. The Premium Tours' bus stops at the Cumberland Hotel to pick people up for their tours. The Cumberland is about two blocks from the Sumner. There were plenty of places nearby to eat and places to buy almost anything a visitor would want. The Internet is available at no cost. We would definitely recommend this hotel. Be sure to ask for the Rick Steve's discount when you make reservations.	
Jul 14 2009	A great place to stay in London.	We chose The Sumner on the basis of outstanding TripAdvisor reviews and it entirely lived up to our high expectations. It is thoughtfully laid out, very well appointed, scrupulously clean. Three of us (me, my son, his 13-year-old son) shared a King Twin room with an extra bed and, though it was predictably cozy, we were quite comfortable. There are many things to like about The Sumner (convenient Marble Arch location, more-than-satisfactory complimentary breakfast, free broadband access on the computer in the lounge, etc.)---but its greatest asset is its staff. From first email contact to checkout and beyond, the hotel personnel were efficient, unfailingly friendly and as helpful as could be.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great location and good value	After arriving in London after a long haul flight it was delightful to be welcomed to the Sumner Hotel. Good rooms, good service, good breakfast and a great location. A thoroughly enjoyable stay. Loved the cups ot tea delivered to the room after a very busy day sightseeing.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great Hotel Near Marble Arch	My wife and I returned to London where we spent our honeymoon years ago. We found the Sumner to be a great little hotel. We stayed in a nice size deluxe queen room, tastefully decorated, with a firm bed, armoire, and flat screen TV. The bathroom had a shower and was spotless. Breakfast was very good and included eggs, sausage or bacon, cereals, and great coffee. The Sumner has free internet access, with a 110V line available in the wall adjacent to the desk for an easy laptop connection. The hotel is located about a 5 minute walk to the Marble Arch tube station, and is a short cab ride to both Paddington Station (connection with Heathrow airport train) and St Pancras (Eurostar Station). It was also an easy ride to the West End, where we spent our evenings. Great location, nice accommodations, and helpful staff make the Sumner a great choice to stay in London!	
Jul 2 2009 	Great Location very helpful staff!	The room was very nice and a nice size for London. It was a little expensive, but I believe that is par for the course when traveling to London. The location was great...right next to Hyde Park and the Marble Arch tube station (we would just make a short walk to this tube station whenever we would go out for the day). The breakfast was very good; buffet style with an assortment of foods (eggs, beans, cereal toast, yogurt, juice). The staff was very nice and accomodating whenever we had questions. The seating area in the front of the hotel is very classy with several travel books available to use during your stay. The computer with internet in this room was definately a plus and was available most of the time throughout our visit.	
Jun 25 2009 	Gorgeous Elegant Friendly Clean Quite Hotel	Highly recommended. We stayed at The Sumner on New Years Eve Dec 07 / Jan 09 and its a gorgeous small friendly hotel right in the heart of 'old fashioned' London. When you look out of your room window Its like stepping on to the Mary Poppins film set. Gorgeous rooms and lobby area. Clean, friendly, quite hotel with security entry into the main building. Nice cozy warm rooms for a wintery new years eve. Perfect distance to Hyde Park/Oxford street and tube stations. Just perfect all round! Will stay there again and again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great find for a repeat traveler and a London 1st-timer	I have been to London twice on &quot;college buddy&quot; trips ten years ago. This time (March 2009) I was there with my wife. Previously I had stayed at hostels; but finally chose a hotel this go around.What a find! I am a member of Best Western points club, but could not find a favorable location based on other Trip Advisor reviews and price. We stumbled on The Sumner through a ton of online searches.We arrived earlier in the day than expected and our room was already to go. Marble Arch area is great. In actuality, this location is between Marble Arch and St. Christopher's part of town. Very easy (few blocks) walk to Marble Arch tube station.Room was great (ours was on the back side and quiet). Bathroom was large compared to many of the London bathrooms. Electrical outlets were configured to all types. We learned that the owner recently purchased the building and the one next to it, combined the two, and gutting everything to create the hotel. Everythnig is new, modern, and very very clean. Because everything was gutted and built from scratch, the rooms are large and &quot;make sense&quot; (unlike many hotel rooms in GB that retro-fit an old apartment into three hotel rooms). Although the hotel was filled, we rarely saw any other guests. My wife and I are still amazed at how little the cost was too!We will always stay here,	
Jun 18 2009 	GOOD VALUE	We stayed at the Sumner in May of 2009. W|e had a large room (15 sq) overlooking the front of the hotel. The large windows opened up to the street but unfortunately there were no screens so we had to close them in the evening. It was a nice surprise that North American electrical appliances worked in the already adapted plugs. The room was comfortable, the bathroom adequate but extremely small. A small bar fridge would greatly have enhanced our visit as ice was not readily available. The breakfast was excellent considering this was part of the already reasonable hotel rate. The coffee was great - this was in fact the only place we had a decent coffee in England and the selection for breakfast was lovely. The only negative comments I would have would be to do with the foyer area - it looks very unwelcoming - dark hallway - leading to back of townhouse - would have been better to change the sitting area at the front into the reception area. The staff were efficient, and helpful but not very outgoing/friendly - perhaps this was due to a language problem. Previous reviewers were correct in that it is a marvelous location and only a five minute walk to Marble Arch tube station - there are two convenience stores on the way to the tube to pick up refreshments (beer and wine as well). There are many restaurants in the neighbourhood but we found at the end of May the lineups were quite long. We did find a wonderul Italian restaurant one block south and a few blocks west of the Sumner called the Biagis Restaurant - the food was wonderful, the service excellent and the price very reasonable. The airport transportation we arranged thru the Sumner was prompt and efficient - good value - no hassles. All is all, we would recommend the Sumner and would stay there again.	
Jun 14 2009 	Cute townhouse hotel in Marble Arch	We really enjoyed our stay at the Sumner. We upgraded to a deluxe queen room which we honestly thought was a bit small for what we were expecting, but we are used to the huge USA rooms. The rooms had great furnishings including a very comfortable bed, desk, armoire, flat screen TV and large bathroom. The continental breakfast is quite good, especially as free breakfast at hotels are not good at all. They had eggs, selection of meats, cereals, and more with great service. The hotel is located about two or three blocks from the underground, making this a very great location. It is in a very safe neighborhood with lots of local shops and eateries. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone staying in London - the staff provides excellent service, the rooms are very clean and a decent size, and it is located in a great location - all for a good price.	
Jun 13 2009 	bring earplugs	The hotel was in a great location, check in was efficient and friendly, the room was lovely.Traffic noise was noticeable but not too bad. The people walking around upstairs were the most heavily footed, restless and inconsiderate we have encountered.Every night for our 3 night stay they paced heavily back and forth for what seemed likemost of the night. I might add that I have a partial hearing impairment so mosthotel noise is not bothersome but this was an exception. Maybe we were unluckybut I think the floors are not very soundproof. I would not stay here again the Luna Simone is a much better deal and we have had good rest here on previous stays.	
Jun 11 2009 	Comfortable and welcoming.	This hotel is comfortable and stylish, and the staff are friendly and helpful The location is convenient. Marble Arch tube stop for us is a five minute walk, not the 10-15 minutes mentioned in another review. The breakfast is fine, although real fruit juice, rather than flavored water, would have been appreciated. The hotel is clean and well maintained, and we would be happy to stay there again.	
Jun 6 2009 	A real find - at competitive prices	I'd have given The Sumner a five star rating had it not been for the fact that they bungled our booking and put us in a first floor room when we'd specifically asked to be at the top of the hotel to avoid street noise. They were, however, good enough to move us on our second day, though it was an inconvenience.The king size rooms are a very good size for London though the bathrooms are very small - but clean and adequate.The hotel is small, beautifully presented and spotlessly clean. Staff are professional, efficient and helpful. Breakfast was a bit limited and the hotel would do well to look at this, as well as perhaps considering supply tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms.The place is a bit of a rabbit warren so be sure to get directions from reception as to which lift to use. Also be prepared to carry your luggage up and down a few stairs.The Sumner's location is extremely central - about a 5 minute walk to Marble Arch tube station.Perhaps the most critical factor is the price of the Sumner - truly excellent value for a hotel of this quality in central London.We'll stay there again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Nice boutique hotel in London	Very nice and helpful staff. The room was not too small for a small hotel and it had a king side bed. Good breakfast and the internet was available in the lobby. It was about 10-15 minute walk to Marble Arch tube stop. I would recommend this hotel if your are in London. We also got a discount by mentioning Rick Steves' book.	
Jun 3 2009	So helpful!!	The staff were so incredibly helpful!! They advised us daily on travel routes and other info. They were incredibly polite and patient as well. The location is very good, a few blocks away from the tube. Fantastic sandwich shop a couple of blocks away. The room was spotless ( although quite small). The bed was the most comfortable bed I've stayed in. It was hard to get up in the morning to go out and tour!!! The hotel itself was clean, neat and quiet. The breakfast was hearty and wonderful. If I went back I would stay here again and I would recommend it to others as well. Congratulations on a job well done!!	
Jun 3 2009 	Highlight of our transatlantic trip	We completed a transatlantic cruise and ended up in London. We chose the Sumner Hotel based on other reviews. When we checked in early on a Sunday morning, Mark at the desk said our room as not ready and recommended a nice pastry shop for coffee and sweets. Returning about an hour later, our luggage was already in the room. The room was bright and cheerful and so immaculate! For London, this room was fabulous! Breakfasts were outstanding.... they opened the breakfast room for us early because we had to catch a tour bus at 7 am. There is a small pub down the street (said to have been a stopping point for criminals before executions). In addition, there are 3 or 4 Middle Eastern restaurants as well as a wonderful Indian restaurant all located within a 3 block radius. Hyde Park is down the street and the hotel for tour pickups was nearby. Easy to find currency exchanges within the area. While departing, again the hotel was so kind in finding us a reputable way of getting to Heathrow. Mark, if you read this.... thanks for all your help. We will be back next year!	
Jun 2 2009 	Good Hotel Choice for London	We booked the Sumner Hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. The hotel is a small boutique hotel located near the Marble Arch. The room was very clean, standard-sized for London, and had all of the amenities including free internet. An excellent market is down the street and the Marble Arch tube is nearby. This hotel is in a residential area, and we felt very safe walking in the evening. The Masons Arms pub, next door, had excellent food that was reasonably priced.	
May 31 2009 	Very Happy - met all expectations	This is a great, boutique, hotel. After a long flight from Australia, we arrived at the hotel at about 7.00am and we were made to feel very welcome, even at that early hour. We were given access to their cosy lounge (&amp; internet) without a problem and they allowed us to leave our bags at reception whilst we freshened up, checked emails etc and then went around the corner to Oxford street to find breakfast. By the time we got back from breakfast and a quick walk around the area, ie about 10.00am, our room was actually ready - which was a great advantage. it is clearly not a big/commercial hotel, with bars restraurants etc - which actually adds to its charm, but it is placed in one of the best parts of London, so finding good bars &amp; restaurants is not a problem. Room was excellent, breakfast too - highly recommend it.	
May 31 2009 	Lovely quiet hotel in perfect location	My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Sumner Hotel, on a combination business/vacation trip to England. We chose the hotel after reading all the great reviews on Trip Advisor, and the Sumner certainly met our expectations. The staff was always friendly and helpful, the room was immaculate and comfortable. (We had a room at the top, which meant taking our luggage up a few stairs after exiting the elevator, but the manager immediately offered to help us with this.) We were happy to find that we could open the window in our room, since we like to have fresh air. And even with the window open, it was very quiet, so we slept well. The breakfast was good, served in a very cheerful room in the basement. And there was a computer available for use in the lovely sitting room on the ground floor. The location can't be beat, with easy access to the Tube and buses. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Sumner and will be returning soon. We have already recommended the hotel to friends who frequently go to London.	
May 31 2009 	Fantastic little boutique hotel	In January, we made a decision to visit London (our first time) in May. We browsed TA for good small hotel. The Sumner was at #6 in the rating at that time. We liked everything we read about it.FF, we returned home after spending 7 nights at the Sumner. We were happy with everything: room, services, and location. We stayed on the top floor (room 109). The room is quite big for big city standard. The bed is king size, very firm, and comfortable. Since one bed sheet was used over two beds, the beds did not drifted apart during the night.The receptionists were very professionally polite and helpful in every requests. They booked the coach trip for us so that I don't have to take care of it. When I came back at the end of the day, the tickets were ready for me to go the next morning. The evening girl printed out directions for me to go to restaurants out of the way.I am not complaining about breakfast. It was better than what I have at home everyday. At least it was hot and I did not have to cook. It made a good start of the day.	
May 29 2009 	Quirky Hotel with great service in a fantastic location	After a long flight, it was a welcome relief that the Sumner lived up to its reputation. The standard of the hotel was excellent, with the staff at reception and at breakfast friendly and very helpful. The unusual layout of the rooms in the hotel may make it difficult for some people to navigate, especially if they have alot of luggage, however this was more than made up for easy access to Oxford Street, public transport and all the &quot;must see&quot; tourist attractions. Good Pubs and restaurants are close by.A good start to our holiday.	
May 28 2009 	Very Happy with Sumner	We stayed at the Sumner for 4 nights in May, 2009. Our daughter and boyfriend were with us as well, so we actually had two rooms. I had reseached the Sumner on TripAdvisor and am very happy that I choose to stay there.I feel that for the money this was a great hotel. While our room was small, it had all of the amenities that we needed. It was immaculately clean and the beds were very comfortable. The breakfast, while basic, is fine for starting off the day. The staff was always available to help with anything that we needed. The location is perfect. You are close to the tube station, and you are within a short walking distance of many very good restaurants. There is an elevator, but the way the rooms are laid out you may still have a few stairs to climb to get to the room. But even for us (Seniors) it was not that much of an inconvenience. I would definitely stay at the Sumner again, and will recommend it to friends going to London.	
May 22 2009 	Very disapointing	We stayed at the Sumner Hotel for one night in May as part of our honeymoon. and were disappointed with the service and standard of the hotel. The welcome at reception was not what I would expect from a hotel offering ‘warm, friendly and attentive service’, we weren’t even warned that we needed to carry our bags upstairs. The room itself was OK, but not what I would expect of a Deluxe Bedroom. The furnishings seemed a little cobbled together with mostly modern furniture but a ‘distressed’ wardrobe in the corner and a wicker chair. The bedside lights appeared to have foot switches which made them somewhat difficult to operate as the switches were among a tangle of wires at the side of the bed. The blind strings were tatty and knotted and the net curtain poles had handles missing. The extractor fan in the bathroom didn’t work as the shutters never opened, this made the bathroom rather damp and may explain the mould forming on the ceiling and peeling paint. Not exactly luxuriously appointed. I would also expected tea and coffee making facilities in the room as is traditional in the UK.Whilst the advertised Gilchrist and Soames toiletries were present, bubble bath is not very useful in a room with no bath!The room was also very noisy, particularly noise from within the hotel. We even to ring reception late at night and complain about the noise from a TV from another room. We could constantly hear people moving about in the room above.The lounge looked quite nice and there is a PC available but as we were only staying one night these weren't much use.I did complain at checkout but was simply told that nobody else has complained. I also emailed the hotel but have not received a response.I really don't understand how this hotel was such good reviews from other people,	
May 22 2009 	Avoid Sumner Hotel's King Double	We recently stayed in the King Double which has a large and spacious room and a bathroom with a bathtub. The Sumner Hotel, itself, is neat and clean. Has a great location (Zone 1) for tourists. The included breakfast while simple, is nothing to write home about. Some points that were never mentioned in the TripAdvisor nor The Sumner's homepage.The King Double is located in the basement. The beds (2 singles) are located directly underneath the hallway leading to/from the main front door. Thus, you can expect to be awakened by all foot traffic noise, which is further amplified by the creaky wooden floors. To make sleeping in impossible, our room was located directly across from the breakfast room. The King Double's bed is in actuality 2 single beds. I would expect beds to be immobile, yet these beds could be easily rolled out of place. For example, while sleeping or watching tv upright and leaning against the headboard.None supplied are:-bathrobe and/or slippers-iron and/or ironing board-standard-sized blanket	
May 21 2009 	Loved the Sumner for Location and Service	We stayed at the Sumner Hotel, near Marble Arch around the 22nd of April for 5 nights (husband, wife and daughter.) Initially, when we checked in, we found the hotel room being a little cramped. But this is probably the case with most centrally located European city hotels. But as the days wore on, we fell in love with the Sumner. The breakfast was great (although it did not vary from day to day.)The location was fantastic. But best of all was the service. The guy at the front desk (I believe his name was Mark) was superb when it came to helping us plan our day and itineraries. He would figure out the cheapest way to get to a particular place. He would help with getting reservations and tickets. And he helped us move our luggage also (not a mean task given that we had a huge amount of luggage that we were carrying with us.)	
May 15 2009 	superb location in a great hotel	We spend 4 nights at the Sumner, on the recommendation of a friend - and are very glad that we did - The location was very convenient for bus or tube (or foot) and then to return to our comfortable quiet room ( we were on the top floor). the front desk was very helpful , all of this made for a perfect start to our vacation .	
May 10 2009 	Great value in London	Stayed at the Sumner coming and going from London end of April/first of May 2009. Very attentive and friendly staff. Really good breakfast (available only from 8 to 9:30 each morning). This was our first time to try a smaller boutique-type hotel and was a good choice. Near Marble Arch tube station. Only down side was the first night our room faced the street and construction noise was really loud. They moved us to the back of the hotel which are the rooms I would highly recommend (either 204 or 208). Good value for the cost. Will stay there again if we ever go back to London.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent location quality and service	This small and elegant hotel is only few blocks from Marble Arch metro station, and close to Hyde park and Kensington Park. This time we were 3 ladies and a girl. Simple yet elegant breakfast room, comfortable and stylish living room with nice collection of travel books and magazines available. Rooms and bath rooms are very comfortable and quiet. Very comfortable and high quality beds, linen and towels. Excellent breakfast. Kind service. Not the cheapest option, but realiable quality and excellent spot for reasonable price!	
May 5 2009 	Nice Stay	We just came back from London and stayed in Sumner for 8 nights. We booked this hotel cause of all the review in tripadvisor and again, it hasn't dissapointed us. First we stay for 5 nights in one of their 'King Size' room. The space of the room is good, comparing to other European hotels. Although, the bathroom is quite small but adequate enough for your usage. The last 3 night they upgraded us to a deluxe room which we feel that the room size is not that different from king size room but the size of the bathroom is much bigger. Breakfast is excellence, although not much variety but the taste and type of food is good enough. You can't find any fault in their service. We ask for a scale to weight our luggage before boarding. Although they don't have a scale for luggage but they're still able to find a normal scale for us.The location is great, only 10 minutes from the tube station and Marble Arch is at starting end of Oxford Street. Anybody going to London and prefer a small, friendly hotel we would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 4 2009 	A fantastic hotel!	We stayed at the Sumner Hotel for 5 nights. We would recommend it to anyone.Very clean, superbly located, friendly,obliging staff, close to tube ,close to shops,good restaurants,pubs (with cheap meals), lovely cooked breakfast each morning.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Small Hotel!	We stayed at the Sumner for five nights in March and found it to be outstanding: close to Paddington and the Heathrow Express, and near underground and bus stops for navigating the city. The hotel was clean and well-kept, the staff friendly and helpful but unobtrusive, and the complimentary breakfast quite wonderful. We asked for - and received - a quiet room on the back of the hotel, which from the photos was smaller than rooms in the front, but more than adequate. Since our trip, we've recomended the Sumner to several friends without hesitation.	
Apr 25 2009 	Amazing!!	I stayed at the sumner for two night in july....there are no words to describe the amazing time and hospitality i received...beautiful quiet rooms...amazing breakfast!!...and everyone at the front desk were so friendly and kind...great job guys!!!..i cant wait to go and stay again on my next trip to london.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Find in a Good Location	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for our 10th Anniversary in April 2009 and found out about the hotel originally on tripadvisor. Overall it was a good find and we'd definitely stay here again, especially considering the discount through Rick Steve's London Book (remember to reserve using this as a discount). The price was good considering the cost of hotels in London. The room was clean and larger than I expected. The bathrooms, especially the showers were a bit small. We were on the top floor away from the main street and it was nice and quiet. The hotel was a short distance from Paddington Train Station. We took the train into London from Heathrow, the &quot;Connect&quot; train and not the &quot;Express&quot; train which is twice the price, but really saves little less time since from our terminal we would have had to transfer anyway to get onto the Express while Connect was right at the terminal we arrived at. The walk to the hotel is about .5 miles and is a fairly easy walk, about 20 minutes. However, with large bags, it may be a hassle. Along the way, we picked up some crucial things such as the Oyster Card, International Calling card, etc. at a small market along the way. The price for the calling card was great...5 pounds for about 2 hours worth of calls. Very difficult to use this card, however, since entering the numbers are difficult on the hotel phones. Too difficult to describe, but when you try, you will see. It just takes practice and patience. The use of the 0800 free number makes the phone use free at the hotel. That worked out great!Upon ariving, the hotel entrance is small so keep you eyes on the look out. The location is good in that it's only about .25 miles from the Marble Arch Tube station. That was fairly convenient. However, only problem is that there really is little in the way of restaurants in the area that remaines open late in the evening and whether good or bad, not a whole lot of people around later in the evening. So if you like quiet, this is your place. Service was very good. Free use of the computer/internet downstairs. Fine selection of travel books (if I knew, I would not have brought mine) available in the library. There are a few small 711 type stores nearby that is helpful to get water, snacks, etc. As for breakfast, we really enjoyed it. I would recommend getting downstairs early, around 8am for the breakfast which was good. Eggs, ham/bacon or sausages, yogurt, fruit, breads and cheeses. Although the selection changes little morning to morning, I cannot complain about a free and nice (clean) breakfast to start our day. In terms of travel, I would recommend taking the Tube to almost everywhere you go. It is very easy to learn and use and convenient. We did not use the bus, but I hear that is easy too. I don't recommend walking too much because there are a lot of people walking around especially on Oxford Street and it takes forever to get anywhere. We walked to the British Museum from our hotel and it tired us out and took nearly an hour to get there. Take the tube and save time and energy. I did NOT like the Big Red Bus tour. There are too few buses, the people leading the tours were not very good, rather boring and it's too difficult to hear them. Moreover, the inside parts of the bus you cannot see anything and its way too difficult to get a seat on top when there are 40 people trying to get 20 seats. Avoid this bus tour. The Original bus tour seemed better in that there were much more buses. However, I would highly recommend the Thames River trip. It's not a tour, but the guide who is not a professional did a great job. Some sites I would recommend include: Tower of London, Evan Evans tour of Windsor, Bath and Stonehenge. As for food, we went to Gordon Ramsey's at the Claridge Hotel. Overrated. Service was mediocre and food was really not that great. Personally, I liked the food we ate at in Chinatown. There was a restaurant that had very good duck, chicken, and BBQ pork which was very tasty. As for shopping, Oxford Street was overated. Harrods was nice. We went to see Wicked and don't confuse the Apollo Theatre with the Apollo Victorian Theatre, two different locations and we almost missed the beginning of the play because of it. We enjoyed London, however, tremendously.	
Apr 10 2009 	Good value in London	This is a nice hotel with a very good staff. Initially, we had room 100 which is very large, but in the basement, and the shower did not work. The staff moved us to room 206, gave us the differential and another discount for our trouble. Room 206 is small by US standards, but is a typical London room. Breakfast was very bountiful and good. I would stay there again. Location is good. And internet available in the public room.	
Apr 1 2009 	Perfect complement of our trip!	Once we found Trip Advisor we cannot stay at a hotel before checking the info on the website. That is how we found The Sumner! We decided to stay in a good hotel and move around the city. If you want to do the same thing! This is your hotel! Great Service, location near Marble Arch, beautiful boutique hotel, very comfortable room. After a very busy day walking around you got back to a very clean and comfy room and have a great shower! Thanks for all the people that also add good reviews on this hotel, they were not wrong! I would only extend a little bit breakfast our...	
Mar 27 2009 	cant wait to go back	have visited London several time in the last 12 months and have stayed elsewhere, no longer! this hotel is now on speed dial.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great Value in London	we spent our last night in London at The Sumner and were pleasantly suprised by the quality of the hotel. The Sumner is wonderfully decorated and the staff was incredibly nice and helpful. The breakfast was good and the hotel price was really good.	
Mar 26 2009 	nice not exceptional	With all the appraisal this small hotel has gotten on tripadvisor, I was expecting a bit more than what it ended up being. the location is comfortable and quiet, and the building itself is a nice little townhouse. The tiny lobby looked stylish and modern, but sadly the same couldn't be said of the room. it was not terrible, but not very stylish either, reminded me of a very basic big chain airport hotel room. extremely tiny, no space for even a single suitcase on the floor. the bathroom seemed a bit more fresh in appearance and was quite convenient.overall, we enjoyed our stay but I couldn't really see anything that would've made this hotel better than the the couple of Radissons I've stayed at close by, in fact I recall both having a bit fresher looking rooms than The Sumner. All in all, a nice place to stay, but not exceptional by any means.	
Mar 24 2009 	Immaculate place young/hip staff great location.	I loved this place! Crisp linens and comfortable beds adorned the elegant little room I stayed in. Everything was new, and clean, with form and function running neck and neck to the finish line. There's a nice breakfast room downstairs, as well as a lovely sitting room adjacent to the reception area, which was perfect for greeting business associates, or saying your &quot;good-evenings&quot; when dong so in your room would be inappropriate.The location was wonderful, right near the Marble Arch underground stop. The neighborhood felt safe, and was within reasonable walking distance to transportation, restaurants, and sights. As a solo traveler, I felt extremely comfortable.Having said all this, be advised, that if you are a person who prefers or requires large, open rooms, with big elevators and big staircases, this is not likely the place for you, as it has a scaled down feeling in regards to room size, and moving about the corridors, getting to and from your room, etc... Getting there was not difficult at all from London Heathrow. I believe the hotel offers chauffeur service; however, I opted for the Dot 2 Dot limo shuttle from the airport, which was around +/- £22, and helped me to get a feel for the area.The hotel staff is young, and hip, very polite and helpful. I really liked the place and the staff very much, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again, but next time as a romantic getaway, not solo - it was too nice to keep it all to myself!	
Mar 20 2009 	Great small hotel!	We stayed here for 8 nights and picked the Sumner based on reviews here. This is a very nice, small hotel. Very clean and comfortable. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Our room was small, but very adequate. Very quiet. Bathroom was spotless, a nice plus was very plush towels. Bright, colorful breakfast room with excellent hot breakfast.Excellent location, easy walk to Marble Arch tube and major bus stops. We walked from Paddington Station (Heathrow Express arrival) in about 15 minutes.A number of good restaurants within easy walking distance. Pub next door (Mason's Arms) was very friendly, excellent ale (try the Badger ale) and good food. Zayna, an outstanding genuine northern India - Pakistani restaurant 2 blocks away - we ate there twice.	
Mar 16 2009 	good hotel reasonable rates	We stayed at the Sumner Hotel for 3 nights. Very friendly and helpful staff. Close to Oxford Street for those who like to shop! Also enough restaurants within walking distance of the hotel.The hotel is on quiet street (at least for London standards!) and we were not bothered by street noise, the windows are well insulated. The only reason why we gave the room 4.0 instead of 5.0 is because the bathroom was very small, but having said that, it had a very good shower. The room was very clean and the king bed very comfy. Breakfast was good, not extravagant but nice continental selection as well as poached eggs, baked beans and bacon or sausages. More than enough to get you going all morning. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel or stay there again.	
Mar 14 2009 	Good location for seeing the sights	Booked this after reading previous posts on this site. Room(208) was very clean but small, but we knew that before booking. Bathroom was small but adequate, the only gripe was that the sink plug was not working properly but other than that room was ideal as it was at the rear of the hotel(very quiet). No fuss when arriving at the front desk.  The breakfast room was downstairs in the basement, plenty of it but as previous posts have said it was'nt hot. Had a great time in london, we done a show(mama mia), saw Tina Turner at the o2 arena. Done plenty of walking about, sometimes it was easier to walk than use the tube. The hotel was 5 mins from Marble arch tube &amp; Hyde park. We walked around Hyde park on the last morning which was beautiful in the spring sunshine. Overall a very nice hotel &amp; if we are in london again will definately use it again.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great location great staff clean-cosy-comfortable!	Stayed here for five days during a business trip. Great location, reasonable rate. I booked it purely based on the reviews on this site, thankfully I wasn't disappointed. The staff are very helpful and efficient (helped book tickets for a show). I had a king room, was very spacious and comfortable, bathrooms are a little small but manageable. The daily breafast buffet is noting fancy, but good regardless and convenient. The building has a nice, cosy feel, sitting room with PC is uselful. Very central - next door to Oxford St. and Marble Arch station. Good eating options closeby, especially the sushi place around the corner (I think its Mura)! Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 6 2009 	Excellent small hotel in central London	The Sumner has an ideal location: close enough to Paddington to walk in 10 minutes, readily accessible to central London: Hyde Park, Oxford High St, the musea; 5 minutes from Marble Arch tube station. Two blocks away, you can find rows of Lebanese restaurants, open long into the night. (many with live music). The hotel has free WiFi, well-designed, scrupulously clean rooms, and a pleasant staff. Breakfast needs work, but that seems to be a problem everywhere. Do yourself a favor and walk over to Le Pain Quotidien (about 10 minutes),	
Feb 25 2009 	Location and service at a price that can't be bettered	From the moment I booked with them online I was impressed. Hotel just a short taxi ride from St Pancras where we arrived by Eurostar. Location is excellent, literally a few minutes walk from Oxford St and Marble Arch tube station. Staff at reception and at breakfast friendly and helpful above and beyond expectations when we lost a camera and needed to phone round various locations looking for it. Breakfast is simple but deceptively complete. Room on the third floor was clean and large enough for our needs. There is noise from the traffic outside but it never disturbed us in any way. Would definitely stay again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Ultra old ultra modern not so ultra breakfast	We booked this hotel overnight because we were driving to Newquay the next day. As usual I will list my pros and cons.Pros:Quiet and tucked awayVery nice front desk manTea and cookies were nice touchBoth modern and oldFast internetClose to Hyde ParkComfy bedCons:Breakfast was very small and there were about 30 people thereBathroom was a little crampedUpon arrival front door wouldn't open, finaly the front deck man had to comeShower is hard to opperateOverall, awsome hotel but all I suggest is redoing their shower control and adding more variety to their breakfast.	
Feb 21 2009 	A smart hotel in a convenient location	We have just returned from our two night stay at The Sumner. It is in a lovely Georgian house in Upper Berkeley Street. As others have said, it just has a brass plaque beside the door, no gaudy hotel signs. This sums up the hotel. It is smart and tastefully decorated in neutral colours and modern style, keeping original features of the house. It is very clean and well presented. Our bedroom was a decent size, not huge, but not too small (it was a queen sized room at the back of the hotel). It had a great sized bed which was also comfortable, and a toilet/shower room which was small but perfectly formed! The TV with radio was one of the best in any hotel room we've had (Radio 4 has to be on in the background in the morning for us). There is a comfortable lounge to sit in if you don't want to be in your room, which has daily papers, magazines and books on London to browse through. There is also a PC provided in the lounge. The buffet breakfast is good with all you need to start the day, including a choice of cornflakes or muesli, various breads, toast, tea or coffee, orange juice, yogurts, cold meats/cheese and a hot buffet of egg/bacon/baked beans. The breakfast room is in the basement, and again, well presented, clean and comfortable. Also, the hotel is situated in a very convenient location; near Oxford Street, theatre land, Hyde Park and a choice of tube stations to enable travel anywhere in London. The price was quite high (£132.50 a night), the most we have paid for a hotel room in our travels, but on the basis that you get what you pay for it was good value for money. We would definitely stay here again, credit crunch permitting!!	
Feb 20 2009 	Wonderful Breakfast Safe Location	The directions on their website were great, however they don't tell you that there is little signage and you need to be &quot;buzzed in&quot; as the front door is locked. Once I figured that out and went through the maze of hallways, they checked me into my beautiful room. The staff was efficient but cold. It was by far the best breakfast and shower of my whole two week trip in England/Scotland. For the price, I was very pleased with the quality and location of the hotel. I felt very safe walking around even though I was a single traveler. Everything looked exactly as it did on the website, so I won't post any pictures.	
Feb 16 2009 	Excellent Location yet a little haven	After reading the reviews on trip advisor we decided to book the Sumner. We arrived early on the Saturday and my room was available before scheduled check in time - great after a long journey from up north!Perfect location, walking distance to Oxford Street and Mayfair yet quiet enough at night to get that well needed rest. Room was a king double and slightly smaller than expected but was top floor and was v clean. Good weekend had, stay v nice and v helpful. Would stay again.	
Feb 13 2009 	Beautiful boutique hotel	The Sumner Hotel is a lovely boutique hotel in a great location.It is very easy to miss as it has only a brass plaque at the side of the front door, but once you find it you will not be disappointed!The hotel is within easy walking distance to many locations and Oxford Street for shopping ! We had a spacious front room on the first floor and were not worried by any noise. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was compact but well appointed.The breakfast room is in the basement and has a very adequate selection of food.We will certainly be staying here again on our next visit to London, the staff, the rooms and location are excellent.	
Feb 9 2009 	Very nice but could be a bit better	My wife and I stayed here in February 2009, for the standard weekend of sightseeing and a west end show. The location is perfect, just around the corner from Oxford Street, and the hotel is a lovely small townhouse far from any noise.One word of advice - do not stay in either of the rooms on the lower ground floor - they are right next to the breakfast room and the noise from 8am onwards is crazy. We were warned about it, but we still didn't think it would be that loud.Our room was nice and spacious with plenty of storage space, but was let down by the bathroom - very poor shower and no ventilation whatsoever. The breakfast was included in our rate, which was just as well, as you would certainly not want to be paying extra for it. One person is tasked with running the whole operation, which resulted (on both mornings) in cold food that should have been hot and very little supply of anythng else, including bread, orange juice, etc. Just not good enough, even for a basic offering such as this.Overall, it's a nice spot with nice staff, but they need to sort out a few things before you could give it a rating of 4 or 5.	
Feb 2 2009 	Smart Sumner	The Sumner is a very nice hotel. Perfectly situated for shopping and West End. Very nicely decorated and appointed. Our bedroom was large with an ensuite shower room. Bed was a bit hard and there were no drawers for storage, just a large wardrobe.The buffet breakfast was simple and tasty.The staff were excellent.All in all a comfortable stay but yet another hotel suffering from hard bed syndrome.Would definitely reccomend if you don't mind hard beds.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Stay!	Stayed here late on in December to soak up the festive spirit of Christmas, and we also had tickets for spamalot at the theatre &amp; the darts championship at alexandra palace so decided to made a weekend of it.Nicely located in a side street off Marble Arch (in what we found to be close to the arabic quarter, lots of lebanese restaurants!), lovley Georgian building beautifully rennovated in a contemporary style. Private entrance with allocated key for own entry. Reception friendly, lounge area nice and comfortable, breakfast room (in basement) contemporary with some shared banquet style seating for large parties, fruit &amp; cereals, and cooked breakfast which was self serve buffet style (one day egg/bacon &amp; beans, other egg/sausage &amp; beans, never bacon &amp; sausage together unfortunately but still nice) We had a large room at the front of the hotel with 2 large sash windows, one was opening leading out onto a small 'balcony' which was great to watch the world go by. Compact en suite (polite way of saying small) but all very clean and comfortable.I would stop here again if I weren't such a rubbish sleeper (as our bed was quite hard and I like plush, soft and fluffy) but if you're a normal sleeper (like my husband) then you'll not find this a problem!Definitely recommend and the price, which includes breakfast, rare in London, then it's a great choice.(apologies for poor quality photos, taken on my iphone!)	
Jan 18 2009 	As great as everyone states...	We stayed at the Sumner saturday evening for a weekend break in London which we frequently visit, although it was our first time at the Sumner as we usually stay in a chain hotel. Extremely impressed, the room was huge by London standards, clean &amp; modern. The staff were extremely helpful. Breakfast was nice. Location was fab as we'd booked to go to Gordon Ramsay's Maize restaurant and it was a 10 min walk away. Got the special January deal on the rates so if we could visit again for the same price we'll definitely return soon.	
Jan 16 2009 	Best in London in EVERY way	My husband and I spent a few days in London before Christmas in 2008. It was our third time in London and we've had mixed experiences with small hotels. I am excited to say, that this was by far the best experience we've had. First, we arrived very early in the morning. They had a room ready for us right away. It was the deluxe room we had requested but unfortunately, it was on the first floor in the front of the hotel. My husband is a light sleeper so he knew this wouldn't work. Immediately, the front desk found us another room and let us stay in the deluxe room until it became available several hours later. We appreciated their understanding and accomodation. The rooms were spotless, well decorated and the largest we've seen in London. The rooms were also incredibly quiet, which is a huge plus. We moved from the deluxe room to a regular room with a king bed. We have to say, it was just as nice and roomy. Unless you really want a huge shower, we'd say the regular rooms are just as good. The breakfast was well stocked every morning. There was sausages and eggs, along with fruit and cereal. We're not huge breakfast people, but it was more than satisfying for us. The location of the hotel is also excellent. It is a very short walk to Hyde Park as well as public transportation. There are many restaurants in the area for a quick bite. The pub on the corner has great soup and fast service if you're up for a bite after a long day of walking around the city. As if our stay wasn't pleasant enough, the hotel further surpassed our expectations when we returned home. My husband lost an expensive necklace I had given him as an anniversary present. He called the hotel and they found it in our room!! They also promptly air mailed it to us at home. It was a wonderful Christmas present to know that such honest people still exist. Overall, we had a great experience at this location and if we go back to London, our first call will be to the Sumner.	
Jan 7 2009 	Wonderful as Billed - Outstanding Service	The Sumner was a wise choice for a home away from home. The front desk staff (especially Mark and Beatta) could not have been more perfect. The hotel is nice building and is certainly centrally located. A recommendation for a restaurant (seafood just around the corner from the hotel) was excellent. We were always asked whether we wanted Tean and buscuits - which were either served in the parlor or our rooms. We took a 2 day trip to Zurich during our stay and the hotel was kind enough to work out an arrangement that was very convenient. Upon leaving - we had more heavy baggage than I care to admit - the young lady on duty provided a great deal of assistance with luggage that was larger than she was. I coukd go on and on - but I think you get the picture. Nice bathrooms - nice size rooms. Pretty common areas. We've found our new hotel in London and will return - Really this was a 4.5 rating - Karen and Gil (USA)	
Jan 7 2009 	Lovely--Great Location	We stayed at The Sumner for two nights in December. The location was great, convenient to many sights and restaurants. We set out walking at 11:00 a.m., after a wonderful complimentary breakfast , and we went to all of the sights that we had wanted to visit. We were back at the hotel by 7:00 p.m. after dinner. The staff was very accomodating and friendly. We will definitely stay at The Sumner when we are in London again. We will also recommend it to our friends.	
Jan 7 2009	"Well-known" hotels could learn a thing or two from this little gem!	We stayed at The Sumner Hotel for one night in December and were very impressed by this small boutique hotel. I had booked a deLuxe double room on the first floor, which like the rest of the hotel, was spotless. Having stayed in many London hotels, I would recommend The Sumner, above any other, to both business and leisure travellers. It gets five stars from me for cleanliness, service, value and dining; it’s in a great location just off Marble Arch … and it’s lovely and quiet too! Some of the larger &quot;well-known&quot; hotels could learn a thing or two from this little gem.	
Jan 6 2009 	Elegant home away from home	Truly a jewel in London. On a side street, very quiet, the surroundings are at once historic and modern. Our room was spacious - very unusual for Europe - and tastefully decorated. The service was so discreet, you hardly knew anyone was working there, except that the room and the public areas were immaculate. Lots of careful detail - the living area, shared, had lovely soft music playing, a computer available, good reading material, and beautiful furniture. Also, terrific location, interesting neighborhoods, shopping and great walking.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed at the hotel for one evening but would happily recommend it to anyone else. Not too far from Kings Cross and easy to get to the Grosvenor Hotel for our function. Room nice with contempory furnishings and large which makes a pleasant change for London. Shower is compact but enough room to do what is necessary - shower. We were on the first floor and it did feel like a rabbit warren with lots of corridors and doors.Fantastic night sleep had. Thanks!	
Nov 20 2008 	Ab Fab Hotel and Staff	I stayed at the Sumner for 8 nights. I was impressed from the moment I stepped over the threshold. The location is ideal for shopping and transportation, the street is quiet, and the room was large by London standards. The hotel seems to be run very efficiently. Everything was spotlessly clean. Throughout the stay the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, and accommodated all our wishes without fuss and without error. Next time I visit London I shall definitely stay at the Sumner.	
Nov 12 2008 	A great London find.	Our stay totaled 4 nights and we were very comfortable and well cared for. The staff is incredibly helpful and pleasant. They can get you tickets to shows, explain the Tube, check opening and closing times of attractions. The hotel is spotlessly clean and our room was very quiet. We paid 112 pounds for 2 doubles with the Rick Steve's discount. Bathrooms were the best we encountered in Euorpe, plenty of hot water, and toilets that flushed, etc and good soaps and shampoos. The included breakfast was very nice, with excellent tea. The parlor/drawing room was pleasant and we even had a pot of tea there late one nite after trudging back thru a very cold and blustery snow storm! The free internet is great to print boarding passes or check reservations, tho the front desk will do all this for you. Its a great choice for a London hotel. The car service they book is excellent, on time, and curteous. We'd return. A great find!	
Nov 9 2008 	great boutique hotel	located in Marble Arch on a quiet streetconvenient for Tube, but not near attractionsquiet, clean, basic room and breakfast was basicbreakfast room was windowless which was not attractivevery helpful staffwould stay here again	
Nov 6 2008 	A great find	My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed a 2 night stay at The Sumner over Hallowe'en. The Hotel is clean, modern and easy to find, and the staff were friendly and efficient. It's very handy for Oxford st. and there are plenty of restaurants on Edgeware road which is a 1 min walk away. The only slight downside for me was the breakfast. it was ok, but not everyone likes bratfurst sausages, and they were the only cooked option other than eggs. It's really ony a minor criticism, though, as we'd definitely stay there again.	
Oct 31 2008 	An excellent London option	We booked the Sumner after reading the Trip Advisor reviews. We were not disappointed. The hotel is well located - the tube is less than 5 minutes away - the Oxford Street shops - the same.We booked a King Double, which was larger than the average London hotel room. It had a pleasant view over the street and the double glazing ensured there was no street noise.The staff were very helpful. The breakfast was generous and while it is described as &quot;continental&quot; it includes hot and cold food and was more than enough for us. Within a 5 minute radius were some very interesting pubs and restaurants. On the ground floor is a very comfortable guest area with a free internet connection. London is an expensive city by any standards, but we felt we received comparative value for money from the Sumner. We were more than pleased and have booked to stay there again next year.	
Oct 30 2008	Highly Recommended	This is a top quality small boutique hotel in an EXCELLENT location. It is only a 2 min walk to Oxford St and Marble Arch and a 5 min walk into Hyde Park.The decor is really tasteful and modern and we were really impressed with the lounge area which had lots of lovely reading material and more importantly, a PC for guest use FREE OF CHARGE to surf the web. We had drinks in the lounge one evening and although they were a little pricey, it was a lovely atmosphere.We had an executive king sized room which was immaculate, with high quality fittings and fixtures and plenty of space. It overlooked the street but wasn't noisy at all and it was nice to be able to open the windows. (In many hotels we find that's not possible!)We didn't really need specific help from staff but we found them pleasant at all times. When we asked to borrow an ironing board - it was no trouble at all.Although we would recommend this hotel and would stay again, it did have some small down sides for us. Firstly, there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room which I would expect from a 4* hotel. We had to pay £3.60 for tea for two with biscuits! Also, I like to have a bath and robe in a hotel room, especially after a hard day's sight seeing in London but unfortunately, we had neither. The shower room was like new and very clean but quite small.As for the breakfast, it was more continental than traditional English. The first day, there was no bacon at all and the sausage was like a bratwerst! On day 2, we did have bacon but no sausage. Toast wasn't readily available on the buffet but we did get some when we asked. Despite these small niggles, we thorougly enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 26 2008 	wonderful choice	The Sumner was a perfect choice for comfort, location and service and the price with the the Rick Steves discount was excellent. We had a standard room which was in the back which was very quiet and of a good size. The many buses that serve the area are terrific for a first time visitor and good for sightseeing as well as getting where you want to go.The tube is good if you are in a hurry if the lines are working properly. We found good restaurants nearby - Prezzo and the Spaghetti House. The prepared food at Marks and Spencers is as good as all our London friends been telling us. The Sumner staff were always pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was more than ample. Having tea served in our room or the lounge at any time of day or night really was wonderful especially after a long day of touring.	
Oct 26 2008 	outstanding hotel	What a magnificent little jewel. We loved the Sumner and the service was outstanding. We could absolutely not ask for more! This hotel is warm, charming and beautiful. Our room was very spacious and well equipped, the attention to detail was evident throughout the hotel. We felt so at home we did not want to leave. It is spotless, and the breakfast was lovely with many choices. The location was superb and very handy to many conveniences. You will not find anything like it for the very affordable price charged. We cannot say enough about this hotel and will certainly stay there the next time we are in London. We have already recommended it to many friends in Canada. Mark was awesome and Peter was wonderful, they were so kind and helpful it made our stay enjoyable. It has internet available for use 24hours. The bathroom was also very comfortable and spacious. Many thanks to the owners for caring so much, it shows! Sincerely, David and Marcella Abugov, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada	
Oct 22 2008 	Very Enjoyable Stay at the Sumner	Spent one night at the Sumner in London on our way back home from Europe trip. The room, a deluxe, was delightful - surprisingly large and airy for a London hotel. It is very well fitted out with a wonderful comfortable bed and the bathroom was well accomodated too. Breakfast was included in the rate, which also was surprisingly reasonable by London standards, and the breakfast fare was very good.Also enjoyed the comfortable and large guest lounge and really appreciated having a dedicated guest computer with free internet access.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful.	
Oct 21 2008 	Loved the Sumner Hotel.	My husband and I recently stayed for 3 nights at the Sumner Hotel. The hotel is very modern and clean and our bedroom was like a haven after a busy day siteseeing in London. We felt very safe staying there. The buffet breakfast was good value. The staff were very helpful - they even arranged theatre tickets for us. Nothing was too much trouble. The position of the hotel is great, close to the busy shopping precinct of Oxford Street and close to the peace and fresh air of Hyde Park. Plenty of restaurants, cafes &amp; pubs nearby. Also the Odeon picture theatre just around the corner in case you want to sit down for a couple of hours rest and catch the latest movies. Of course the Marble Arch tube station is very handy. I would definitely recommend the Sumner Hotel to anyone who wants to stay in a small, quiet hotel.	
Oct 19 2008 	Loved this hotel	This hotel was one of the best I've stayed in on my last several trips to Europe. The location is great, a sort of quiet area but close to everything plus the Marble Arch underground is only a few blocks away. The staff were extremely curteous and the room was fairly big as far as European standards go. It was very clean, had free internet service in the lobby level, and the hot breakfast which was included I thought was superb. The beds were fairly comfortable as well which is a rarity in most hotels I've stayed. For the price this hotel was a great deal and I for sure would come back.	
Oct 19 2008 	fantastic location	September 4thWe spent 3 night at the Sumner and would book there again.The staff were professional and helpful. Our room was large for European standards, big king size bed.Everything was clean and well cared for.The breakfasts were substantial, containing hot and cold items.We could walk to Oxford street and explore alot of the city on foot from this location. Great little pub next door.	
Oct 3 2008 	Incredible London Value	Contacted the Sumner after reading all the excellent Trip Advisor reviews. Right away I knew we had made the right choice because of the efficient, courteous and professional manner in which they corresponded with us.We stayed 5 wonderful nights in a spacious and most comfortable king room. The driver and car we requested was right there to meet us after customs at Heathrow and take us to the hotel. The location was great...it took us about 3 minutes to walk to the Marble Arch Tube Station. (If you are going to ride the tube quite a bit as we did, I suggest purchasing Oyster Cards before you go. They reduce the fare for each ride per person from 4 pounds to 1 1/2 pounds. You can purchase them online from the Visit Britain website). There are several restaurants within two to six blocks of the hotel...I would recommend Prezzo and Seaport...they were both excellent...Prezzo very reasonably priced and Seaport a little expensive but well worth it. You are also only two blocks from beautiful Hyde Park, where you can walk forever.We paid 145 pounds per night and besides the lovely room, that also included a very nice breakfast with both hot and cold items, Wi-Fi in the room, a computer with internet access in the lobby, room service at anytime for tea or coffee, and the assistance of one of the most helpful staffs we have encountered anywhere in the world for absolutely anything. You can pay twice that in London and get a tiny room with a cold breakfast in a not so good location and then have to pay extra for computer access.The bathroom had a shower only, which we prefer, with fantastic water pressure, instant hot water, nice toiletries and soft, fluffy towels. The room had both heat and AC, both of which you could adjust to suit you. We had two floor to ceiling 12ft high windows, which you could open, but when closed you could not hear the street traffic.I can't imagine a more pefect place to stay in London..we will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 1 2008 	The Sumner was lovely	Had a lovely 5 day stay starting with a car pick up at the Heathrow that the hotel arranged for us which was fantastic as London greeted with pouring rain ! Had a king room on the top floor which was a great size and 130 GB per night was a good price. Lovley furnitures, manchster and wall mounted flat screen. An extra bonus was the windows open so fresh air can come in ! The staff were helpful, the breakfast (included) was great (met some nice people) and having a free computer in the lounge was great for checking emails. Location was the best. Great Middle Eastern supermarket down the road, restaurants near by, can walk to the tube and we even walked acorss Hyde park to Harrods !(My tiny little concern was that the shower was claustrophobic as the door nearly goes to ceiling heigth and the steam engulfs you however open the door a little gulp air and off you go again ( a bath would have been nice but no room). The heating of the room was questionable (we expressed our concern and a staff member felt the cold air blowing out) as the reverse cycle only blows cool air not hot too and the wall heaters are controlled elsewhere.Lovely blankets were forthcoming but should not have been needed)However these are meant to be minute comments and we loved the place and without a doubt we would stay there again.	
Sep 30 2008 	The Sumner is the place to stay in London	If you're looking for super value, incredible service and great accommodations in London, this is the place. My wife and I stayed 3 nights at the Sumner and the staff was simply fabulous in helping out with our needs, from theater tickets to directions. The gentleman at the front desk who greeted us, Mark, made us feel very welcome. The room was super clean and comfortable. Also very close to an Underground station where you can go anywhere in London and beyond. Great breakfast every morning, except they close a bit early (no biggie). Even offered to have breakfast ready on the morning we left. Next time, we're in London, the Sumner will surely be our hotel destination. Our only complaint is that we could not find good nearby pubs after our late nights on the town but we never inquired with the Sumner staff.	
Sep 29 2008 	We loved it here!	We stayed here for four nights in a regular room and we would go back in a heartbeat! Comfortable room, nice breakfast, friendly staff and a great location - not to mention a reasonable rate for London. We will definetly recommend the Sumner to our friends and family.Dova and Kacee Jones	
Sep 19 2008 	Would have been great except for the cold shower	I stayed here for 2 nights in a King room. Everything was great except for the lack of hot water one morning. Given the rave reviews on this site for the hotel, I believe this was an isolated incident, but it does make it difficult for me to want to stay there again, especially as it caused me a lot of inconvenience &amp; the staff provided no apology. Yes, London hotel rooms are very expensive &amp; this hotel is practically a bargain in that context, but for US$320/night I would at least expect hot water when I need it.My room was on the 3rd floor, spacious, well lit with 2 windows overlooking the street, &amp; quiet. The bed was incredibly comfortable, with very soft sheets. There were many cable channels available on the flat screen TV. The main downside was the bathroom - tiny, with a tiny stall shower. One morning, I found there was no hot water; 5 minutes after I called down to reception, I was told that one of the boilers had been turned off but had now been turned back on. I waited 20 minutes for the water to heat up &amp; couldn't wait any longer, as at that point I was already 30 minutes late for my appointment. So I took a barely lukewarm shower. No apologies from reception.The hotel's public areas are very nicely decorated, in a stylish, muted fashion, with a comfortable drawing room. The staff was nice if a bit stiff. The location is great if you need to be near Marble Arch or Oxford St; the street itself is nice &amp; quiet. The room key also opens the front door, which is very convenient but also feels secure. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it as an alternative to a big hotel. My only (significant) problem was with the hot water.	
Sep 18 2008 	Very nice option	Finding a hotel that is reasonably priced in London is incredibly difficult. There seem to be either very expensive or inexpensive yet sketchy hotels. The Sumner is moderately priced by very expensive London standards and is nicely located near the Marble Arch tube station. The hotel is located on a quiet street full of hotels that don't look nearly as nice as The Sumner. The hotel itself is well-appointed with comfortable rooms, a friendly staff and complementary breakfast. The room was spotless, quite large, and relatively quiet. The pros of the hotel are: it feels like (and is) a higher end boutique hotel, great location, reasonable room rate, staff, clean and modern rooms. I would definitely stay at The Sumner on a return visit.	
Sep 13 2008 	Best Hotel In Marble Arch	I am a business traveller who visits London about 4 time every year. I always stay near the marble arch. I have tried several hotels in the area. Most are noisy, overpriced with tiny rooms and indifferent service. I was looking to change so I found the Sumner reviews on this website and booked my most recent trip for 3 days. The location is excellent. 3 minute walk to marble arch tube. My room (King) was in a word - massive. I travel extensively all over the world and this is one of the biggest rooms I have ever had. Similarly the bathroom was very large.The Furniture and accessories were all top notch. The staff and service was great. The Breakfast did not feature a massive selection but was good quality and totally acceptable. Wifi was free.I will definitely be back.	
Sep 11 2008 	Exceptional	This is an outstanding hotel and I can't recommend it highly enough. The hotel is impeccable clean and the staff are falling over themselves being helpful and courteous. Despite other reviewers comments that the rooms were small, I found mine to be quite spacious for London. It is situated just a few blocks from Hyde Park with easy access to the tube and Oxford Street, so the location is excellent. There is a laundromat around the corner and a gym only five to ten minutes away. Internet use is free on the computer in the lounge and there is a library of London guides for your research. The breakfast was fantastic and overall The Sumner is the very best hotel I have ever used.	
Sep 9 2008	London in Sumner	Recently stayed in the Sumner, following great reviews on Trip advisor. We were not disappointed! The staff were very friendly and the location is fantastic.We will definately go back. the only slight downside is that the breakfast is all pre cooked but there is a great deli just around the corner which just adds to the whole experience!	
Sep 6 2008 	Great little hotel	Very comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Staff very friendly and helpful. Bed and pillows excellent (Very important for me). Breakfast very filling. Hotel is spotless. Have booked a return visit. Highly recommended.	
Aug 21 2008 	Loved the sumner!	I stayed here with my parents end June 2008, stayed for 5 days. We had requested for a triple room and they got us a basement room - big enough for 3 of us. Tho initially when we saw we were placed next to the bfast room, we were worried bout the noise, but it was perfect.Which brings me to bfast - fabulous and delicious - eggs (2 types), sausages, baked beans, bacon - all very well cooked, plus a small selection of cereal, cheese and breads.The hotel itself is lovely, and the use of the free internet available 24/7 was much appreciated.Location is fantastic, just 5 mins walk to Marble Arch, with nearby grocers, small cafes and resturants if we're feeling lazy to venture more than 10mins beyond the hotel to have a bite.	
Aug 19 2008	Recent Stay	Just returned from a seven nights stay at this hotel, located on Upper Berkeley Street in the Mayfair section of London. The hotel has only about sixteen rooms and the charges are relatively reasonable (for London). Our room was very comfortable with two twin beds - mattress was quite firm and needed some duvet underlay for my wife. Wi-fi was readily available and free computed access in the lounge was very helpful. The airconditioning worked fine in our room although the fan speed was difficult to control and led to some chilly mornings! The staff was uniformly helpful and excellent. They responded immediately to meet our needs for extra towels, an additional duvet, etc. They readily provided directions, reserved restaurants and called for taxis when needed. Two negative observations: In spite of promised morning newspapers, only a few were available in the lounge and they soon disappeared when guests took them to their rooms. The second, more serious criticism was the poor breakfast choices in the downstairs dining room. Included in the room charge, breakfast included juices, coffee or tea, cereals, fruits, rolls and hot dishes. The latter included either bacon or sausages, baked beans and two kinds of eggs - scrambled or hard boiled. Unfortunately, the hot dishes were not well prepared and also quite lukewarm or cold. Breakfast was only served from 8 AM to 9:30 AM.A final, very positive, aspect of the hotel is its location. It is only a block away from Edgeware Road and three blocks away from Marble Arch, so tube and bus services were readily accessible.The predominant Middle East population in the area provided easy market shopping and some fine Lebanese or Moroccan restaurants. However, our greatest meal in the neighborhood was in Porte des Indes, a fantastically decorated Indian restaurant with marvellous dishes.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great place!	My husband and I stayed at the Sumner for three nights in July 2008. We had booked a King Room through the hotel's website (very user-friendly!) and stayed in Room 205. Out of all the many different hotels we have known in London over the years, the Sumner is easily the best. The location is very convenient for public transport (busses and the Underground from Marble Arch), shopping on Oxford street, and the lovely Hyde Park is just five minutes walk away. A taxi to Paddington Station is relatively cheap (as far as anything is in London) and fast, and from there it's an easy ride to Heathrow Airport on the Express train. Certainly an improvement to the slow ride on the Underground. The area around Marble Arch seems to be firmly in Middle Eastern hands now and there were lots of nice restaurants and excellent cafés just around the corner from the hotel. There's also a pub and some small supermarkets.The hotel is very clean and our room was spacious (for London standards). Small bathroom but plenty of fluffy fresh towels and a good powerful shower (by any standards). Our room looked out the front and traffic noise could be heard, so despite the double- glasing it was not as quiet as I had hoped for. Unfortunately, the A/C was right beside the bed and I was a bit bothered by the cold air blowing straight at us. We had very good wireless internet connection in our room and loved the fact that they had three different kinds of socket (UK, Europe, US) actually fitted in the wall by the desk. Why don't other hotels think of that kind of thing? The breakfast buffet should suit most tastes, good continental selection (and fresh fruit!) as well as the traditional cooked breakfast. Nice selection of breads too. The breakfast room is downstairs though and has no daylight or views, so you don't tend to linger.But what really makes this hotel is the friendly, well-trained and highly efficient staff. Everyone seems to be from Poland (no wonder, since the owner is apparently Polish) and they can't do enough for you. A very refreshing change from the attitude you meet elsewhere in the UK. Well done!There are cheaper places to stay but this hotel is excellent value for the money you pay, and if it's the Marble Arch area you want to stay in (or you're not bothered where you are), I would definitely look no further.	
Jul 26 2008 	Mom and I LOVED this Hotel	My mother and I (28 yo) were just in London for a week to visit family and spent a lot of time researching affordable/nice hotels online. The Sumner was fabulous and the hotel actually looks like the pictures on the website(s) and is everything it boasts. There is even free internet in the lobby (that was generally available when we wanted it)We liked the room*** and it was very clean, and was the size we expected (not US hotel room big, but European hotel room size) There was definitely enough room for both of us and the bathroom was appropriately sized and very clean, with an overhead shower option (as opposed to hand held). Also there was A/C that we could control and a nice window. The bed was comfortable and there was a flat screen TV. There was no safe in the room, but the hotel had one in which to leave your passports. There was a small frig in the room, with room to leave a few of your own items, e.g., mom and I kept a bottle of wine. The location was also great: I ran every morning in Hyde Park and the area had many restaurants and local eateries, as well as was very close to major sites (hyde park, Marylebone, buckingham is less than a mile, and kensington is just across the park) and tube lines/bus stops are also close. However, I would suggest getting local street map (the hotel does not have) because I'm pretty sure we took the tube when we could have walked and we had to switch tube lines a lot, if we walked we could have eliminated most changes. The hotel staff was very helpful and even looked up some BYO places for us in the neighborhood for dinner. Breakfast was totally convenient and the coffee was delicious. Mom and I are not a big morning eaters, so I can't comment on the eggs, etc but they had bananas and cereals which was perfect for both my mom and I and a nice bread, yogurt and apple/orange selection. Overall it was a GREAT stay!***I would suggest requesting a room that is NOT on the floor with breakfast, I would imagine it would get very loud during breakfast hours and the breakfast smells tend to waft. Our room was not near breakfast, so I can't say for sure.	
Jul 20 2008 	Every thing We hoped It Would be and more	My husband and I just got back from a Tour of Italy and spent our last night before returing to Canada in London at the Sumner Hotel. I researched many hotels before I booked and choose the Sumner based on the good reviews on Trip Advisor and other sites. We were certainly not dissapointed. We were only spending 24 hours in London and this hotel was in a wonderful location. We took the express train from Heathrow to Paddington Station, a quick taxi ride and we were at the Sumner- checking in before noon was no problem. A short walk away was Oxford Street shopping,Marble Arch and Hyde Park where we caught the hop on hop off buses for a tour of London. Dinner was eaten at Mason's pub on the corner- great fish and chips. The room was wonderful -large and modern, spotless with a comfy bed and linens. Our room was in the front and very quiet we never heard other guests or street traffic. The bath was clean and modern, not huge but adequate with a box shower.My husband thought the breakfast was the best yet, it certainly had a nice variety in pleasant suroundings.The staff was very helpful and polite and let us leave our luggage in reception to pick up for our afternoon flight.When we return to London we will certainly stay at the Sumner and will recommend it to all our friends.	
Jul 17 2008	Compact but lovely	The Sumner was very clean, bright and comfortable. The beds were amazing and the hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was very small but the amazing bed made up for the small room size. Great location and 2 pubs and a laundromat right around the corner.	
Jul 3 2008 	Felt like home away from home	I spent 4 days here while on a business trip and was extremely pleased with the accommodations and amenities. I booked this based on the positive reviews on Trip Advisor and the price (reasonable for London and the quality of the rooms) After a long day of work and running around, it was a pleasure to come back to a comfortable, spacious, and immaculate room and relax. The choice of breakfast foods was wide and everything was absolutely delicious, including the coffee (not alway the best at hotel restaurants) The decor of the hotel from the rooms to the lounge area was smart and stylish without being pretentious or overly modern. The location is only a few blocks from Marble Arch and Oxford Street but away from the crowds - I genuinely felt that I was coming back to a neighborhood despite several other small hotels and restaurants in the immediate vicinity. I had hoped to try the pub on the corner or the fish restaurant around the block, but only managed to get to one of the several Lebanese restaurants on nearby Edgware Road.All in all, I hope to return the next time I am in London for business or pleasure.	
Jul 2 2008 	Solid Quiet Hotel	The Sumner is a small, quiet hotel 2 or 3 blocks north of the Marble Arch tube stop. While it is not &quot;in the shadow&quot; of the Tower or Whitehall, I thought it was well-located, with the quiet street more than offsetting an extra 3 or 5 minutes by cab.Rooms clean and quiet. Helpful, non-intrusive staff. Good breakfast (cereals, coffee, juice, sausage, eggs, toast) included. Rooms are smallish, but fine. One computer in the sitting room for internet access / EMails. I never stayed on it for more than 5 minutes: internet access was no problem.IMO, the only reason to NOT stay here is if you wanted to walk to night-time entertainment (e.g., theaters). If you're happy flagging cabs after dark, then the Sumner is your place for all of London.	
Jun 17 2008 	Perfect!!!	Just everything you need: perfect room, friendly staff, bathroabs and sleepers in your room, nice linen and very comfortable beds. And yes, it's a very quiet place. Would certainly stay there again.	
Jun 13 2008 	Superb hotel and staff.	A superb hotel with exceptional staff. Great location close to shopping and easy access to the underground. We appreciated the warm and sincere welcome of staff and the immaculate room. Staff were also of great help before we arrived making show reservations and generally getting us organized.An added bonus is the quiet location just off the beaten path. Makes for restful sleep with little road noise. Exceptional value for a good quality London Hotel. We will certainly be back.	
Jun 10 2008 	Good Boutique Hotel	We stayed at this hotel at the end of May 2008, using it as a base for a theatre weekend break.We were given a bedroom at the front of the hotel with smart furniture and comfortable beds. The en-suite was compact, with a shower, (no bath) but it was all very clean and tidy.Although the overall impression of the hotel was very good, there were a number of minor disappointments which I have described below:- There weren’t any tea &amp; coffee facilities in bedrooms.Although the food at breakfast was very enjoyable, the majority of tables in the basement breakfast room (apart from one long table) only seated two people, which didn't help as there were three of us and the girl serving tried to seat us at tables on different sides of the room!Although impressed by the general appearance and quality of the hotel, I was expecting more of a “wow” factor for a London hotel ranked as No 8 on Tripadvisor.Please note that if you are booking online, there appears to be two websites. The main site is www.thesumner.com, but an alternative site www.londonsumnerhotel.co.uk gives discounted room rates!Overall, a very nice hotel in easy walking distance of Marble Arch and Oxford Street with pleasant and helpful staff on the check-in desk. However, I am not convinced it is good value for money, although I would definitely use it again if I could get a discounted rate!	
May 30 2008 	Stylish hotel in great location	Good clean hotel with boutique style -great location 5 mins walk from Marble Arch. Stayed in room 107 which is on third floor front facing Upper Berkeley Street . Two nights bed &amp; breakfast cost £340 in king room- shower only -no bath. Original sash windows with secondary glazing kept out the worst of the traffic noise - my husband tells me I slept through a thunderstorm so street sound wasnt a problem.Lounge area was very welcoming - the whole Hotel had an ambience of staying with a well healed friend with an eye for detail.The breakfast room was in the basement and part self service style. Tea &amp; Toast was brought to your table &amp; you could help yourself to cereals,continental style ham &amp; cheeses, crossants,preserves, juice,scrambled &amp; poached egg,sausage &amp; beans - dont think I missed anything... Breakfast area could have done with some more air conditioning as no windowsWe read in an earlier review that the poached eggs were like bullets - yes they were more like boiled eggs but the scrambled was perfect!London itself was busy as half term holidays - avoid Oxford Street if you can. Take in Regents Park, take tea at the Ritz (book in advance &amp; wear shirt &amp; tie) &amp; have a stroll round Fortnum &amp; Mason &amp; the old victorian arcades of Picadilly - we walked to all these areas from the Hotel.Go in The Sherlock Holmes Museum Baker Street and have a laugh at the letters he still gets.The hotel kept a list of local restaurants with 15 minutes walking distance which was a welcome nice touch.Thoroughly recomend Hotel &amp; would stay again - maybe next time they would have tea &amp; coffee making facilities in room	
May 29 2008 	Incredible Boutique Hotel	I was in London for a job fair which was located in Central London.As usual, central London is not a cheap place to stay and the less expensive places are not available on short notice.The Sumner is more affordable than many of the hotels in that area and is a real treat. It is clean, professional, and classy. It was very quiet and accessible to everything. The tube is only a couple blocks away.It is a perfect boutique hotel. Not nearly as pretentious as the hotel down the street where my job fair was located. :)	
May 29 2008 	Great London Digs	Booked this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews. Completley happy and have stayed in many European hotels which have been more expensive with less comfort.Hotel great to deal with via e-mail prior to stay- prompt replies. Quiet room,small but adequate, aware was London . Great air con, lift. Could not beat location- Oxford St, Hyde Park, shopping, V and A museum plus Tube station and more all within easy walking plus good range of restaurants/pubs.Staff great, breakfast above average for Europe- we usually don't eat breakfast in the hotel.Big tick for the Sumner	
May 28 2008	Warm and Friendly - My Favorite Hotel Experience Yet	We stayed at the Sumner Hotel in March while visiting our daughter who is currently attending LSE. Our room was terrific, the breakfast were delicious, and the staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. The last night of our stay, they moved a bed into our room so our daughter could stay with us -- all free of charge. This is perhaps one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. I guarantee you won't be disappointed!Casey Malcolm - Devon, PA	
May 24 2008 	Would stay again	Having read the reviews on here, we decided to stay at the Sumner for 3 nights in April. We were not disappointed. We had a front room on the 3rd. Good size room, the bathroom was a little small but it is London. The only noise we heard was from the pub down the road late at night on the weekend.The breakfast was great, fresh and slight changes each day.Bed was very comfortable.WIFI worked great, better than hotels were you have to pay for it.Great location, easy walk to Oxford Street. Staff were friendly but you didn't see much of them. Felt very safe, you didn't even know it was a hotel from the front.Would highly recommend and would stay again.	
May 22 2008 	Great little hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Sumner Hotel for two nights. Our trip to London was purely for some retail therapy and a trip to the theatre.We have travelled quite a bit around the world and have visited London on numerous occasions.This little, quaint, homely hotel was perfect for our visit this time.On first arrival, the outside of the townhouse is well kept and inviting. On entering the front door, it really felt as though we were trespassing into someones beautiful home, as there are no obvious signs of a reception desk (this we eventually found in the back room of the house). The décor of the living room and entrance is beautiful. Our welcome was friendly and we were taken down to our room straight away. We were in room 100, which is in the basement of the townhouse – the path and narrow stair case to the room was slightly disappointing as the grandeur of the entire house did not extend to the basement.Room 100 was spacious – the décor plainer than the rest of the house, but none the less it was clean and bright and we were pleased. However we were slightly disappointed with the size and décor of the bathroom (it was tiny and definitely did not reflect the rest of the décor of the house) – it was spotlessly clean.It is a 5/10 minute stroll from the Marble Arch tube station, and 15/20 minute stroll to James Street where you will find loads of restaurants. Location for us was perfect.The location is also very quiet – our room was at the front of the house and we did not hear anything from the street above. We were up early both mornings and if you are a light sleeper, the noise of staff walking above us on the wooden floor will awaken you from about 6am - this did not annoy us that much – although if you were trying to have a lie in, this may be quite annoying. The breakfast room is bright and modern. Yes, the breakfast does not have a huge selection (compared to a larger hotel) but the quality and standard is higher than the mass produced breakfasts sitting under warm lamps for hours. Overall, we were very pleased with our choice of hotel – especially as the cost was fantastic for London.	
May 19 2008 	Will be back	Went with my 22 year old son to Chelsea v Liverpool in the Champions League Semi last month. Have stayed in various hotels over the years and never found one that combined good price £94 b&amp;b, good location, good food and pleasent staff (even at 1 in the morning serving us a drink). We will definately be back here and i have recently recommended it to some friiends travelling to London soon. Keep it up guys....	
May 17 2008 	Great stay at the Sumner.	Just returned from a short break in London where I stayed in the Sumner Hotel. Really glad I booked it as it was an excellent stay, great location just off Oxford Street, hotel was decorated beautifully throughout and spotlessly clean, the breakfast was good and the staff very friendly and helpful. My wife and I are already planning to return to London nearer to christmas and will be booking the Sumner without a doubt.	
May 15 2008	Lovely hotel in a nice neighbourhood	Stayed here for one night in a massive basement room which was really quiet. Think it must have been a premier type room as it was lovely, well decorated and very very clean. Checked in early and left luggage when we returned room was ready. It is in a fab area only minutes away from the station. The staff are so helpful.What defo stay here again although when booked I was quoted £145 they never added tax onto it so it was approx £170 check this when booking but considering the location and the standard was hotel it was a great price	
May 14 2008 	Fabulous	We recently spent ten nights at the Sumner at Marble Arch. It was our first stay at the hotel and can report that it was as good as the reviews in Trip Advisor. Staff were all attentive, helpful and polite. Location is excellent being close to transport and sites. The area was also safe and quiet which is great for tired travellers.This is more like a home than a hotel with comfortable rooms, modern bathrooms, very clean, friendly staff, free internet and a comfortable loungeroom to relax in. The breakfast also was an excellent way to start the day and changed slightly each day for a bit of variety. The staff here also were very friendly and were keen to attend to our every need.Overall I have no hesitation in recommending the Sumner as a great place to stay. We can't wait to return!	
May 14 2008 	Excellent value in a beautiful area	Charming, very nicely designed and crafted. Small hotel, converted from a Georgian townhouse. Good size room, airy and clean.Small but shiny bathroom. Very good breakfast room. Minimal service but the desk staff are friendly and helpful.	
May 12 2008 	The Sumner is simply the best	The sumner is the best hotel that you can get in London at a low price. For your money, you get a lovely large room (by London standards) a nice flat screen television, a good bathroom with lots of hot water and pressure. You get breakfast (don't listen to previous posts) which has tea, coffee, eggs, toast, cheese, meats, fruit, vegetables, and cereal, what more could you ask for, for breakfast. There is also a computer in the lobby, which you can print from if you need to during your stay. The staff is also extremely helpful, they called us a cab while we were there, and helped us in finding places that we were looking to go. This place is great, and should not be missed, I will be telling all those that I know who are going to London to stay there.	
May 8 2008 	wonderful hotel in a great area	We have just stayed in The Sumner in London and found it a lovely, warm place to stay in a great area. It is very easy to get around London from this hotel. The breakfast was good food and plenty of it. The hotel did like it's heating but so did most of London - we prefer fresh air. The room was lovely and quite. A great stay.	
May 6 2008 	Pretty good would come back	Stayed here in march. The hotel is perfectly located for shopping and not to far from Soho. It looks really nice and the rooms are very comfortable. Rooms size is reasonable for London.The first room we got was a large room on the first floor looking out over the street. Sound insulations wasn't very good good and the road a bit noisy so we changed rooms. We got a great room on the top (attic) floor. Very cosy and really quiet. Loved it.Very nice manager and a very nice girl at check in, but she seemed it bit distracted and not very professional. When I stood in front of here for the 4th time in less then an hour she kindly welcomed me to the hotel and asked if I wanted to check-in. Mind you, this is a very small hotel. Maybe I'm just very easy to forget.Breakfast was fine, but a bit early 08:00 tell 09:30 and somewhat cramped.	
May 5 2008 	The Sumner never disappoints!	I've just returned from my third stay (8 nights this time) at The Sumner in the past 13 months. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The location is very good: three blocks to Marble Arch tube station, yet in a quiet neighborhood. The rooms are very nicely decorated, and good sized (at least for London: one should never expect American-sized hotel rooms anywhere in Europe). Everything (the rooms, common areas, and breakfast room) was very clean and inviting. The beds deserve a special mention: I slept better than I've slept in months! The room rates are exceptional: I challege anyone to find a comparable hotel in London at anywhere near this price.Most importantly, however, the staff is wonderful. Everything went without a hitch, and they are friendly and helpful. Special kudos to the women who serve breakfast: always cheerful and on the ball.I love The Sumner, and I'll defintely be back as soon as possible!	
Apr 30 2008 	Pleasant central London hotel	We enjoyed a one night stay at this hotel. Our room was large and well furnished and the shower with a rainwater head was enormous.Despite being on the ground floor at the front of the hotel, the room was quiet and we slept well in a very confortable bed. The breakfast room was bright and cheery and the continental breakfast was fine - but woiuld prefer real suasages to frankfurters! The hotel is very conveniently placed for shopping. The reception was courteous and efficient.	
Apr 18 2008 	Home away from Home	Our first trip to London, we stayed the first week of March. Could not have picked a better spot. We arrived from Heathrow, took the express train to Paddington and cab to the Sumner. Fast. This hotel is quiet (we were on the back), spotlessly clean, and convenient to Marble Arch Tube. We felt safe at all times (my wife and I are in our early 50's). One evening we were running late to a show. In 15 minutes we went from our room to the tube and then to Waterloo station with time to spare. Unbelievable. Service was impeccable and came with a wonderful breakfast to start our day (loved the poached eggs and they have very good tea). WIFI worked without a hitch. This hotel delivers what it promises and our expectations were exceeded at a price we felt was fair.We will be back next year.	
Apr 17 2008 	Sooo quiet!	Picked this after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. It was a good choice...5 mins from tube station. Whole hotel was very clean and well decorated. Staff very friendly and helpful....our shower sprang a leak and they were very quick to get it sorted. Beds were really comfortable and it must have been the quietest London hotel I've ever stayed in...slept very well! Only criticism was that breakfast was not very varied.....after 3 days it was getting a little repetitive. Oh......and tea and coffee making facilities in the room would have been a nice touch. But we would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 9 2008 	40TH Experience	What a fantastic stay. We have just returned after spending five nights at The Sumner to celebrate our 40th. anniversary. It was indeed a memorable stay.We cannot rate the hotel and its wonderful staff enough. Everything was first class, from our extremely spotlessly clean and comfortable king room on the second floor to the most friendly and welcoming staff in reception and in the breakfast room. The buffet breakfast was more than acceptable,with cereals, cold meats and a hot buffet, tea, coffee and toast. More than enough to set anyone up for the day.The location could not be more ideal, only a short walk to Marble Arch with all transport links to anywhere in London.Shopping and restaurants right on the doorstep.We will have no hesitation in recommending The Sumner to all our family and friends. We most definatley will return. Thank you all at The Sumner for the very fond memories of our Ruby Wedding anniversary.	
Apr 5 2008	great hotel	The Sumner Hotel was fantastic. The rooms were clean and lovely, the staff was friendly, the breakfast was great and the price was perfect.We took our three children, and truly felt at home. I had requested connecting rooms but was told no rooms connected directly. I was a bit concerned before we left that our kids would be too far away from us. In the end it was a perfect set-up.Each floor of the Sumner has two rooms that can be closed off from the hallway..so it was like a huge suite. The hotel lobby feels like a comfortable living room, with great books on London, games for the kids and internet access.	
Mar 30 2008 	lovely hotel great location	Myself and hubby were in London visiting family, so decided to have belated valentines break by having a night away from the kids and going to the Comedy Store. I looked for hotel using Trip Advisor and found this little gem, it was no 8 out of all the hotels listed for London, so figured it must be ok.We were delighted with the location, the price, the room, the breakfast and the staff. Just off Marble Arch, it took us about 30 mins to stroll up to Leicester Square, via Regent St. We both love walking around central London so really enjoyed this. The room was gorgeous. We booked a deluxe double and it was really spacious with a massive bed, fully stocked and not overly expensive mini-bar and a fabulous shower.Breakfast was included in the price which is not common in London hotels so a real bonus and it was great. We could only stay for one night, but would love to have been there for a few days, if only for the great shopping to be had on Oxford Street. Having 3 kids under 5, the chance to lie in bed, drinking wine and watching &quot;Deal or No Deal&quot; on a weds afternoon is pure luxury and this hotel was great. Will be back.	
Mar 29 2008 	The Sumner was great - would stay there again!	My wife, 9-year old son and myself just returned from a week in London. We booked, a king double with a roll-away bed and were very pleased. The hotel is small, but that added to the experience as it has the appeal of a home. And might I add, an extremely clean home. The room was large enough for us; in fact maybe a little larger than we had expected. The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant and the central location gave us easy access to transportation and all the things we wanted to do. Much has been said about the breakfast. We thought that it was a nice way to start the day and was in the tradition of an English breakfast. If folks were expecting a full American breakfast, it's not that easy to find anywhere in London. Sometimes, the difference in a stay can be measured in the little things. In the case of The Sumner, the staff, the hotel's cleanliness and even the Easter treat left in our room on Easter Sunday all added up to make this a place we'll certainly visit again and again.	
Mar 26 2008 	A nice small hotel near Marble Arch	I will begin by saying that March, and particularly this cold one, is not the ideal time to be in London, particularly at a hotel where being close to Hyde Park is one of the perks. This is a small boutique townhouse hotel, close enough to Marble Arch tube and bus stops, but in a quiet mostly residential neighborhood. Plenty of restaurants, and close to Oxford Street shopping. London is so easy to get around anyway.Traveling with our teenage daughters, we took two rooms. It seems as though there are basically two rooms per floor in each of two adjoining buildings, so our two rooms actually functioned like a &quot;family suite&quot; with a door that could be closed to the stairwell and elevator.Our superior double was quite spacious, but our daughters' standard double was small and a little dark, facing the back with only one window. Bathrooms were small, with a pre-fab shower that felt cramped even to me, and I am a small woman. My husband was actually claustrophobic. Everything was spotlessly clean however, and decor was pleasing in a contemporary, boutique hotel-like fashion. Flat screen TV, free wireless internet, adapter built in to the desk outlet - all nice touches. Beds and sheets very comfortable.Breakfast was, in my opinion, unappealing and subpar. Orange juice out of a can.We picked up breakfast from local patisserie after the first morning. Although the street is quiet to begin with, and there are literally two sets of window panes for each window, we had problems with noise - footsteps and voices - from the room above. Front desk staff were sometimes literally not there when we were looking for them, but once they showed up, were quite pleasant and helpful.Overall, decent value, some very nice features. Would probably try to score something a little better next time.	
Mar 11 2008 	Adored the Sumner	My husband and I stayed at the Sumner at the end of February 2008. I can not say enough about how thoughtful and accommodating the staff was. The room was spacious and even had US plug ins. The neighborhood is excellent for strolling and very close to the beautiful Hyde Park. The price for the location would be hard to beat.	
Mar 11 2008 	Boutique townhouse; good location if you dont mind strolling	We stayed here during the summer of 2007. Hotel is really cute (boutique townhouse) and clean. Go for the king double!!If you do not mind strolling a bit , you will be on Oxford street for all your shopping in 10 minutes. Same for restaurants. Breakfast was nothing special but ok. As for the neighborhood; a lot of Lebanese and Moroccan restaurants. Overall, good choice! http://www.sumnerplace.com/	
Mar 6 2008 	loved it!	My mother and I stayed here for a long weekend and we both loved the hotel. The location is very central, close to oxford street and mable arch - still, our room was soo quiet! Stayed in a standard room - a little small as we imagined - but very clean and stylish. The staff is very nice, polite and helpfull, made our experience even greater. Overall - loved it!	
Mar 1 2008 	LOVED LOVED LOVED the Sumner!	I just got back from my trip to London with my parents and my sister, and we had a fabulous stay at the Sumner. I stayed in room 104 and although it was on the smaller side (I shared the room with my sister), it was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was also very clean and the shower had great water pressure and I always had hot water. The hairdryer provided in the room worked great too, which usually doesn't happen with hotel hairdryers! The staff were always friendly and very helpful. There is a computer with internet on the main floor that was great, and a little main floor lobby area with couches stocked with magazines. There is also a lift/elevator which was a godsend for how heavy my luggage was! The location near the Marble Arch tube stop was super helpful, as it's only two blocks away so you could get anywhere super fast. Really, my only complaint was that the pillows were very thin, as I like to have a little fluffier of a pillow when I sleep. It was the perfect place for my family, and I would really recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 14 2008 	Sumner hotel	booked a king size room for 3 nights and got a good sized room with very large bed. Shower room on the small side but acceptable. Tthe main disappointment was the breakfast which had little choice. Only two cereals and poached eggs like bullets! Bacon appeared on one day.	
Jan 27 2008	Restful comfort	The Sumner Hotel was a restful comfortable place to stay. It was so close to Marble Arch yet once we had closed the door, it offered us a tranquil, serene retreat. The staff were helpful and professional, the room was very clean and beautifully decorated with a king size bed. We were particularly thrilled that the room was spacious as we were at the end of our holiday and could rationalise our packing easily. The shower was of antipodean quality - powerful and luxurious. We were thrilled by the free internet, the graceful sitting room where we met up with London based friends and the substantial, diverse breakfast offered as part of the package. We will definitely stay at The Sumner Hotel again and have already recommended it to friends.	
Jan 26 2008 	great hotel	Just come back having stayed there for the last three nights.Great location although not obvious where it is so remember the number in the street. Rooms very clean, excellent shower,good minibar.TV fine and beds comfortable. Breakfast good. Nice sitting room with good choice of London guides. Free internet access there as well. Prices reasonable for central London.Would certainly recommend it and would go back.	
Jan 24 2008 	Perfect!	I stayed at the Sumner Hotel with my parents, sister and husband. Everything about it was wonderful. The rooms were clean, beautiful, and had comfortable beds. There was free internet access. The staff was PHENOMENALLY helpful. My sister and parents lost their bags on the way to London. The staff helped us to find everything they needed. They even tracked the lost baggage hourly online! They let us use their umbrellas on the way to the store to get new ones. They even held our bags for us while we were in Paris so our cousin in London could bring them to us on the train. The breakfasts in the morning were wonderful. There was an assortment of fruits, yogurts, breads and really great tea. I think it was the best hotel experience I have ever had.	
Jan 14 2008 	Very pleasant and spacious rooms a lovely stay!	We stayed here for 3 nights in Dec. 2007 in a king room. Our room was spacious and situated on the third floor, facing the street. Our king bed actually comprised of 2 beds pushed together (not particularly well implemented as the 2 beds were totally separate – with no common base, nor common bedding). We also had a good sized cupboard and a desk and chair. Overall the room was comfortable, with lots of space. A nice touch could have been a lounge chair (our room definitely had the space for it).The bathroom was very compact but was new and reasonably functional. The shower was great and the lovely fluffy white towels were appreciated. The only problem with the bathroom was that there was only a tiny amount of shelf space which made things very cramped.Whilst there was a mini-bar in the room (which was quite pricey and refilled on guest request) there were no coffee and tea making facilities. This wasn’t too much of a problem as coffee and tea could be requested from the staff.We found the room a little noisy despite the double glazing (the main problem was garbage collection, general street noise and a loud party in a neighbouring house) but the noise wasn’t constant and wasn’t too bad overall.We made use of the hotel’s lounge (on the ground floor) which also contained a computer (with free internet access) and a lot of various information useful to tourists. We had a lovely pot of tea one night in the lounge after dinner.Free wi-fi internet access was available within the hotel.The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful.One minor complaint is that the luggage storage area for the hotel appears to be in reception. We left our luggage with the hotel after check out on our last day and came back to find it, along with other people’s luggage, in the reception area. Whilst we know that the reception area is generally attended at all times we felt that this was a bit of a security risk, especially as there was no ticketing system for the claiming of left luggage.Breakfast was included in the rate but we only went downstairs once as it was fairly limited, rather unexciting and served in a pokey basement. We found it much more pleasant to go out and find our own breakfast.The hotel is very close (took us less than 5 mins on foot) to Marble Arch (which had a tube station) and well situated for shopping (and buses) along Oxford St, the swanky restaurants in the area, Hyde Park etc. We found convenience stores and nice cafes around Oxford St.Overall we enjoyed our stay and think that this hotel is a great find for London, especially within this price range!	
Jan 6 2008 	Distinctly average	Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor and seen the Sumner ranked as 6 out of over 1000 hotels in London, I was expecting an enjoyable and impressive experience. Unfortunately, the Sumner hotel is distinctely average. Nothing stood out from this experience.I booked a Queen double. The room turned out to be reasonably small and was not actually a double, but two twin beds attached together. The bathroom was perhaps the most disappointing aspect: very small with a tiny shower. In addition the air conditioning was not working properly and cannot be used to heat the room, only cool the room.My other area of disappointment was breakfast. Not only were they unable to offer room service breakfast (an essential part of a romantic theatre weekend away), but the breakfast room was cramped and hot food selection limited to sausages, eggs and beans. Where was the bacon, hash browns and black pudding? No english breakfast on a Sunday morning is complete without these. The only above average thing about the whole hotel was the extremely tasty sausages.Overall, a disappointing distinctly average experience.	
Jan 3 2008	Fantastic Find	I spent a lot of time researching for the right place, and it was time well spent. After an initial mix up with the booking (apparently Late Rooms had double booked the room), the rest of the stay was perfect. They checked us in 3 hours early and our room was of an excellent size (not just for London, but for any location). Although we didn't have a bath, the shower was great and bathroom modern and stylish. Bath robes were provided and the decor in the whole hotel was calming and pleasingly traditional yet modern. Staff were very friendly and personal. I can't stand the big chain hotels for the impersonal service you get, and The Sumner was a fantastic anitdote. My only very minor complaint was that the Georgian windows in the sitting room (with free internet access) were crying out for a Christmas tree, and there were no decorations at all. Amazing location about 5 mins walk from Marble Arch but in a very quiet little street. Breakfast wasn't amazing, but perfectly adequate.	
Dec 29 2007 	Stylish quiet and very clean	My wife and I stayed for 5 nights in December 2007 for a mixture of business and leaisure. Being just a couple of blocks from Marble Arch it is very convenient for Oxford Street but also very near Hyde Park. The staff were delightful - very welcoming and professional. Although occupying a traditional terrace house the whole hotel has new modern decor to a very high standard. There is free wireless internet access throughout and a PC in the lounge for guests. There is a lift but some rooms still require you to negotiate about 10 stairs. We had a second floor double room overlooking the rear and it was amazingly quiet for central London. Even a front room should be quite quiet as the traffic is very light in that street. The bed was huge and very comfortable with a duvet. The bathroom with shower was very good with clean fresh towels. Breakfast was 8.00 - 9.30 in a beautiful basement room - the usual buffet of cereals, fruit juice, yoghurt, toast, fresh bread plus hot bacon or sausage, scrambled egg (a bit tired looking), tomatoes etc. I would recommend it highly.	
Dec 25 2007 	Value for money	Nice hotel, very freindly stuff!Very good brekfast, maybe a littlebit strange decorated breakfastroom.The hotel standard is good, like a boutiquehotel but not renovated exclusive, nothing wrong with that, thats why the can keep good prices i think.	
Dec 21 2007 	A delightful home away from home	We stayed for 6 nights the week before Christmas. The weather was cold, our room was not. Climate control in the room was exceptional. The bathroom was small but adequate and extrordinarily clean. The water pressure and temperature control in the shower was perfect. The room was nicely remodeled with high ceilings, decorative moldings and very tall operable windows. The oversized armoire easily contained all of our clothes though it would have been nice to have a little drawer space.(Very small down side) The staff was friendly and very helpful with travel plans and directions. The cozy gathering room has a well stocked mini library and the hotel has free high speed internet that worked 100% of the time. The Sumner was everything we expect from a much higher priced hotel without the big price and it had the added bonus of a delightful and helpful friendly staff and alot of privacy. 5 minute walk to the Tube and cabs were available on demand. We will stay here again when we visit in the spring. By the way, it was our Honeymoon, Great Place!Winston &amp; Tiffany, St. Augustine, Fl	
Dec 21 2007 	Perfection	Having only previously stayed in 'Holiday Inn' type places in London before, I thought, as it was a special occaision I would try something a little more up market. I wasn't disappointed.The Sumner has everything you could wish for in a small hotel in touching distance of all the attractions. Its location is exceptional, and for somewhere so near to the centre, it is so peaceful.Its rooms, both public and private are fabulous, they are warm, inviting and very comfortable. The cleanliness is second to none. The staff are helpful and courteous without being overpowering. You knew they were there if you needed them, but they kept in the background and made it feel that it was your own home you were coming back to each evening, and not their hotel.Overall I would recomend the Sumner to anyone wishing to visit our great capital city.Thank you again to all at the Sumner for making our short break special. We will definitely return.Paul.Chorley, Lancashire.	
Dec 13 2007 	Highly Reccomend the Sumner	I spent the Thanksgiving weekend at the Sumner and it was all that the reviews stated. Our room was clean and quiet, and the beds were super comfy!! The staff was helpful, friendly and greated us every time we returned. The internet access in the lobby was great for looking up the things we planned to do each day. I thought that the breakfast was FABULOUS, hot with lots of choices, which is phenomenal that it is included in the price of the room. I was pleasantly surprised that the menu items even changed somewhat from day to day.The hotel had a great list of recommended restaurants, one of which was so memorable that shoudl I return it will be on the top of my list. Make sure to try Le Relais de Venise - the steak was to die for!!! I can't wait to return to The Sumner!!	
Dec 7 2007	A big let down	The Sumner is the sister Hotel of the award-winning 5 Sumner Place, and claims to have adopted many of its attributes and practises. We only stayed one night, but were disappointed that it didnt live up to expectations. The room was small, had no drawer space and the &quot;designer&quot; decorations weren't much in evidence, unless you counted a painted old wardrobe. The flat-screen TV was, strangely, positioned on the wall to the side of the bed, which meant the best view was to be had by sitting on the end of the bed, rather than in it. The buffet breakfast was a big disappointment. OK, this is only a small hotel but the choice was very limited. A choice of 2 cereals, 2 juices (one orange, the other??). A small array of meats and cheese and a hot selection consisting of poached eggs, beans and...... frankfurters. These were awful, and lingered far longer than the rest of a poor breakfast. We asked for toast (no toaster available to do your own) and got one slice of white and one of brown. I'm sure we could have had more, but we couldn't be bothered. Considering what we paid, our worst choice yet in London	
Dec 7 2007 	Clean well-situated hotel in central london	Clean, well-situated hotel in central London. Room is relatively large, tastefully decorated, with super high beds. The room was a King Room which in reality was two single beds put together.We can't really complain, as the hotel is of a high standard, but there were a few niggles, there is free wireless internet in all rooms, though this seemed to only work on and off throughout the day. Breakfast was in a nicely decorated room in the basement, but a bit limited in choice. Overall impression was that the hotel was better than average hotel for London, but the general mood unimaginative.	
Dec 7 2007 	Good value good location for London	Booked after seeing good reviews on Tripadvisor. London is now mega expensive, so it's good to see a good value hotel like this doing well. It's like an upmarket B&amp;B - clean, bright, nice staff. The room we had was small (they do have bigger rooms though), but perfectly OK, after all you're not in the room much. We've stayed in a few London hotels and this is one of the more intimate, in contrast to the nearby Thistle Marble Arch, say. Depends what you're after. The only &quot;complaint&quot; is that the towels were too new- so a bit sqeaky! Still, better than the threadbare efforts you get in a lot of London hotels.Highly recommended for base to see theatre shows and shops - but don't go and see the Seagull! at the New London, maybe we're thick but Russian symbolism lost us; we did go to see Les Miserables , took us 20 years to get around to it, but well worth it.	
Dec 5 2007 	Great small hotel	My two teenaged children and I stayed for 3 nights at the Sumner from 24-27 November 2007. I have been to London before and had stayed in hotels along Oxford Street and at apartments in Mayfair. I found this hotel from the internet and having read the good reviews, booked a triple room directly with them online. I must say that I made the correct decision. This hotel is small but I liked the ambience. The room was not big but spacious enough for us. It was clean and comfortable. This is important for me. The availability of free internet access and elevator was a bonus. I avoid hotels without elevators due to luggage concerns. The shower facilities were good and toiletries supplied nice. We liked the availability of ironing facilities and hair dryer in our room. The reception staff was friendly and helpful, which we appreciate. It is so close to the Marble Arch underground station and we had no problems visiting sights in London. Being Muslims, food is a concern. But Edgeware Road has plenty of small Middle Eastern restaurants and is only a short walking distance away so food was no problem. We felt safe walking the streets around this hotel, and having Starbucks and Sainsbury's around the corner is also great. My children had no complaints while we were there. I would definitely recommend this hotel to visitors to London. I certainly will stay in this hotel again. Getting a London Black Cab was easy. So transport to the airport was no problem. Notwithstanding the above, I would have appreciated some assistance with our luggage on check-out. Since there were three of us, I didn't ask for assitance but an offer to help carry the luggage would have been nice and appreciated.	
Nov 30 2007 	Wonderful stay in a great neighborhood	November 30, 2007 We've just returned from a six day stay in London. The Sumner Hotel was just lovely. It was in an excellent location, close to the Marble Arch Tube, a selection of restaurants and shops, and nice walking tours. The room was very warm and inviting, and staff was extremely friendly and very helpful with directions and maps. We would no doubt stay here again.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Find in London...	Wow, it's not too often that you come across a great hotel, in a good location at a reasonable price (well reasonable for London anyway).Situated on a side street about halfway down the Edgware Road it's about a 10 minute stroll to Marble Arch / Oxford St and 15-20 minutes to Paddington station. There are a few NCP car parks nearby including Portman Square which is at the end of the road the hotel is on (5 mins walk) although NCP car parks aren't cheap so if you're staying longer than 24 hours it's probably not a good idea to drive into and park in London.The hotel has been very recently refurbished - the reception and lounge have wooden/laminate floors, subtle lighting and comfortable furniture. The reception staff, like many London hotels, seem to be eastern european and are very helpful. I didn't need to test their local knowledge but I'm sure they could direct you to a local attraction if you asked.The bedrooms are very well decorated, large comfortable bed, desk and a wardrobe. The room I stayed in wasn't exactly huge but there was enough room for two people although I probably wouldn't want to spend an enormous amount of time couped up in it. The bathroom was only a shower cubicle but it was roomy enough and modern fittings throughout with plenty of hot water.All in all, I'd highly recommend this hotel if you're visiting London - you can stay at the nearby Marriot for twice the price but you'd be missing out on a gem!	
Nov 26 2007	Wonderful	My husband and I had been researching London hotels for days and luckily stumbled across the Sumner. It was a great find. Our cabbie had a bit of trouble finding it and if you're taking the tube, be informed that the addresses on this street are very odd...they go up one side and down the other. I highly recommend the Sumner. The room was immaculately clean, spacious, beautifully appointed and quiet. The staff was very helpful in general and specifically in recommending transportation options...bus vs. tube, etc... Breakfast was great with many options. I wouldn't hesitate to return to the Sumner. Also, it's a great value in a very expensive city.	
Nov 26 2007 	Not that impressed	We were not impressed with this hotel. After having read the fantastic reviews maybe we were expecting abit more. We were 3 adults and when I booked thay assured me that 3 adults could easily stay in 1 room. Upon arrival, there were 2 single beds and at the foot of them a third bed had been placed. We tried moving the bed a bit further away from the other beds but had no space in the room like that. During the night I usually got the others duvets thrown on to me, etc. It was clean and newly refurbished and the majority of the staff were friendly. One complaint is that on the 2 days out of the 3 the cleaner only placed 1 set of clean towels for us and no extra toilet paper. I can accept that mistakes can happen, i called reception and they immediately sent up 2 more sets of clean towels as well as an extra roll of toilet paper. However, when the same situation occured again on the 2nd morning we were a bit diassapointed. Breakfast was offered in our rate, it was ok but not a great choice and there was only 1 girl there on duty so it took quite a long time for tables to be re-set and for the juice, coffee and food to be refilled when they had finished. The breakfast room was a bit of a dissapointment, it was in the basement and small and had no windows. The location was great however, and it was clean but after having read so many wonderful reviews I think we were expecting a bit more. Maybe we would, maybe we wouldnt return, we have not yet decided on that one. A piece of advice however, the rooms shouldnt be offered as triple rooms, they are not very spacious to begin with so a third bed makes them extra tight.	
Nov 26 2007 	Relaxing stay	We have just spent the weekend in the Sumner. I had high expectations as the reviews were very good and I wasn't disappointed. Our flight was delayed and we were late for a lunch reservation so I couldn't check in, I simply left the bags with the front desk and they left my bags to the room. Breakfast was simple but sufficent, enough to kep you going until lunch time. The room itself was large with plenty of space and quiet even though it was at the front of the building. Location wise is was also very good, close to Oxford street and Regent Street. Staff were plesent and very helpful.	
Nov 25 2007 	Sumner Hotel a Perfect Choice	The Sumner was the perfect choice for first trip to London. Great location just north of Hyde Park, very helpful staff. Nice updated property, clean and quiet, and in great London neighborhood. Easy access to underground and train stations, but also situated for walking to major sites and for shopping. Easy walk to good restaurants and pubs ...recommended by staff. Staying in a neighborhood allows for a real feel of London, and this one was very good. Staff was very responsive before and during the stay, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 13 2007	New York Style Boutique Hotel	We stayed at The Sumner Hotel from Sunday to Wednesday(September 30 to October 3). We booked the largest room and stayed on the main floor. The pictures shown on their website are accurate and the place is newly renovated. There is always an individual at reception and they are a pleasure to deal with. If you have any questions, they are always available to answer them. The owner also takes pride in the Hotel and we met him personally during our stay. We would recommend this place and thank both the owner and the employees for an enjoyable stay.	
Nov 12 2007 	The Sumner Hotel--A delightful choice in London!	My sister and I just returned from our first trip to London. (We selected the Sumner Hotel based upon Trip Advisor research and positive comments found online.)We loved everything about this little hotel! The location was ideal for us. The Sumner is very near the Marble Arch tube station and within a short walking distance of several bus stops. While the hotel sits on a quiet residential street, there are many places to dine, drink, and shop in a two or three block area. The ever-popular Oxford Street shopping area and the Marks &amp; Spencer store are only a short walk away. We felt quite comfortable while out in the neighborhood. One evening, we returned very late from the theater and walked back to the Sumner from the tube station with absolutely no worries about safety or security.We stayed in two different rooms at the Sumner...both were delightful. Each room had a towel warmer in the bathroom and a hair dryer. (One of our rooms even had a pants press and ironing board!) Big, fluffy duvet covers and quality linens adorned each comfortable bed. The bathrooms were positively spotless! A buffet breakfast was served downstairs until 10:00 am. Fresh coffee and juice were available each morning. Several food choices were also offered including: eggs, meat, cheese, fruit, yogurt, cereal, jams, and breads. Eating at the buffet was a great way to start a busy day of sightseeing.The Sumner Hotel staff was SO helpful. Beata knows the London area very well and helped us plan routes to major London attractions. We were especially grateful that the desk personnel were able to arrange efficient transportation for us to the airport and train station.All of these ammenities came at what we thought was a very reasonable price. We would highly recommend The Sumner Hotel and will definitely return to stay here again on our next visit to London.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Quality Hotel in a Super Location	We stayed here for one night and had a great stay. The best bits are the cleanliness of the place and its central location and its close proximity to Marble Arch tube station. Breakfast was disappointing - items having run out and not quickly replenished and only a very small choice of cereals (2). Breakfast adequate but have had better in other top cities in this price range.Please be very aware of the extremely slippery front entrance/exit when wet. Today it was wet after a shower when we left and my husband slipped twice. He only saved himself by grabbing the rails on the left - a nasty accident waiting to happen.	
Nov 11 2007 	Fantastic Week!	We (my spouse and I) just completed a wonderful week visiting London and staying at the Sumner Hotel. We chose this small hotel based on Tripadvisor ratings and were not disappointed. We stayed in the deluxe king suite on the first floor. Great location, very convenient, perhaps a little noisy being right on the street but it's a busy city and this street is actually off the main roads. Hotel location is within easy walking distance to stores on Oxford Street, many pubs, train stations, tubes and bus stops.The room was clean and comfortable with a WONDERFUL large shower. The staff at the reception desk , especially Beata and Pietre, could not have done more! Friendly, helpful, always anxious to be of service. The only drawback was lack of drawer space in the room which for a 7 night stay was a little inconvenient. However, overall, this hotel was a great choice and we will not hesitate to return and to recommend it to our friends.	
Nov 8 2007 	A chic hotel	A Jewel of a hotel, very chic, beautifully decorated and in a great location, a five minute walk from Oxford Street and nearest Tube. The staff were very helpful and friendly, nothing was too much trouble. Loved the Roses chocolates dotted about in the hotel. You cant just wander in off the street, the outside door can only be opened by your room keycard or Reception, which is great for security. I felt safe walking around outside the hotel, there was a handy local pub a couple of doors away which we visited after the theatre, again felt very welcome. We had a triple room, ideal for friends, although a bit tight if you were staying there for more than a weekend. Breakfast buffet (hot) was very nice and something for everyone. Would deifintely stay again.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great experience	My fiance and I stayed at the Sumner for 2 nights mainly based upon the reviews on Tripadvisor. Rates were very reasonable (for London standards) at 135 GBP per night (plus VAT tax). We arrived about 6am (friday) the day of check in, but luckily our room was ready!It may be hard to tell from the pictures on Tripadvisor but the hotel is really nice and very well done. The hotel is clean, extremely quiet and the rooms spacious. The beds are are actually two beds that are conjoined, however it's basically like one king bed. Beds were really comfortable and I slept great. The location was perfect for us. It's right next to Hyde Park, Oxford Street, Marble Arch tube stop. It's a bit of walk to attractions like Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, etc but I thought this area was a better place to stay. More restuarants, shoppping and pubs. I would definitely recommend the Sumner. Great boutique hotel.	
Oct 31 2007 	Best London Location	This is a lovely hotel in one of the best locations, especially for shopping. Our room was on the 4th floor, reached by a lift and overlooking the street. Very clean, comfortable, spacious, it had complimentary toiletries by Soames &amp; Gilchrist in the bathroom. and a mini bar that was stuffed full of everything, from wine to chocolate bars, no bottle opener, but we had 2 glasses in the room. There are local grocery shops very close by so you have a choice whether to use it or not. The staff are very nice and helpful and the downstairs sitting room has a computer with internet access for everyone to use, at no extra charge. There are also daily newspapers and lots of magazines and books to read. The breakfasts had a good choice, cheese, fruit, sausage/eggs/bacon. The area seemed quite safe, even after dark there were lots of people about. We will definitely stay here on our next visit to London.	
Oct 31 2007	Thanks for the recommendation	We were in London last week (mid-week) for an overnight stay. I went on sites like hotels.com to find a room and came across the Sumner. Never heard of it before, so I searched on TripAdvisor and you all said it was fab, so we booked it direct. I have stayed at the Cumberland and the Montcalm before and the Sumner is just around the corner and worth trying to get into - it's only small, so might have to be lucky. Beautifully renovated hotel, really well done. Small gripes: room should have been ready for 1pm, but wasn't. So we went to lunch and had the best fish platter in years in England at a seafood restuarant around the corner. We had one of the rooms featured in their photos - really nice, but lacking pen and paper to jot down notes on the phone to a friend and lacking a bottle opener and glasses to make proper use of the mini-bar. Not the end of the world, but things you'd expect for a 4-star. Room was noisier than I expected from the reviews, but I guess I'm not used to London where traffic never stops and road sweepers/recyclers start early!Breakfast was very nice - very continental and included in the price - a bonus in London. A very nice, friendly and chic hotel. Give it a try.	
Oct 30 2007	Fantastic Sumner	In my opinion the Sumner Hotel and all of the staff are quite simply outstanding!! The public spaces are warm and inviting and the staff could not have been more gracious.My only concern is if one has mobility issues they only have a few rooms that dont involve some steps. We were in room 208 and the lift took us up to the 4th floor. We then climbed 5 steps. However, I was assured that when booking that the rooms in the lower level and on the ground level do not require steps. In any event help was offered if needed. With the sky high prices in London this hotel offers real value and the breakfast buffet was nicely presented. This will be my hotel of choice in London as long as the current management and staff are in place. Also the room was very quiet and everything was very clean throughout the property.Rick C,Washington Indiana	
Oct 26 2007 	Perfect short stay	This hotel is perfect for a short stay in London for business or pleasure. It is spotlessly clean, the rooms are more than adequate and well above average for central London. The location is good. Very close to Marble Arch underground and with ample restaurants in the vicinity. There is a decent choice at breakfast and the staff are very pleasant and helpful. There is good wireless internet access for free - make sure you ask for the code when you check in. Good value, clean and comfortable, a rarity in London.	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent standard location and staff	We booked two queen size rooms for 1 night (18th Oct).On arriving at the hotel we were pleased to find a very smart and well presented reception area. Although we arrived at midday both rooms had been made ready for our arrival. The bedrooms are finished to a high standard and very clean. After tea and biscuits in the lounge we spoke to Beata on reception into the possibilty of theatre tickets. Within minutes we had 4 front row circle tickets, right in the centre for The sound of music!!!!Wow, what a show.The following morning we had breakfast which was excellent and served in a lovely bright room.All in all this is one of the best hotels that I have stayed in in London including some 5* hotels.If you want a well located, well presented, efficient hotel then the Sumner should be on your list.Finally, to Beata, you are a star! Thanks for making our short stay in London so enjoyable.	
Oct 3 2007 	A Wonderful Stay in London	We loved this hotel! It was in a great location--just a short walk to the Marble Arch tube station. It seemed to be a relatively quiet street, although our room was on the inner courtyard, which made for much peace and quiet. They provided free internet access in a large library area downstairs. The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms big enough by London standards. The staff was very helpful. Great breakfast. Great Italian restaurant close by. I would love to stay here each time I visit London.	
Oct 3 2007 	Excellent Stay at the Sumner!!	My husband and I stayed at the Sumner for 4 nights in early September as part of our honeymoon. We loved the location as it was a short walk to the Marble Arch Tube (5 mins.) as well as close to the bus stop(s) so we could get anywhere we needed to go very easily. Also, the neighborhood is very quiet, which was nice.The room was very clean, the staff was extremely helpful whenever we asked them for anything and the breakfast was certainly quite adequate to get the day going (eggs, beans, fruit, cheeses, coffee, juice, croissants, ham or bacon).When we arrived for check-in, our room was not quite ready so the receptionist on duty provided coffee and tea and cookies for us to eat in the downstairs living room. Also, for our last night at the Sumner, they provided a small bottle of wine for us to share with a congratulations note to us since we are newlyweds. It was a nice touch.The price was very good for London in my opinion, and I would love to stay here again!	
Sep 27 2007 	great value good location	Just read reviews from others, I would like to add that the triple room is huge, stuff members are very helpful. We got to the hotel before 9:00 am and was able to check in right way!	
Sep 23 2007 	Excellent value in central London	The hotel, an elegant converted townhouse, is in a quiet, very central location near Marble Arch tube station. Our room cost just under £150.00. It was small but comfortable and well equipped. The shower room was also small but it was bright and modern. The public rooms are stylish - the whole hotel has been recently refurbished. The staff were helpful, friendly and efficient. A varied breakfast is included in the price - this was quite good though not outstanding. Still, overall this hotel offers excellent value for money and thoroughly deserves its high tripadvisor ratings.	
Sep 19 2007 	Perfect Location! Great Hotel!	I write this review of our stay at the Sumner nearly three months after we returned home to the U.S., yet the memory of our wonderful stay at the hotel remains as strong as the day we departed London.There really isn't much we can add to other stellar reviews other than to say that one runs out of superlatives when recounting our stay at the Sumner.The staff was fantastic -- booked all of our dinner reservations as requested prior to our arrival, our room was excellent and the location was ideal.We have found a &quot;home&quot; in London and will stay there any other time we decide to return.	
Sep 18 2007 	great stay at the Sumner	+ good location to all the main sights, newly renovated, clean/comfortable/efficient, great wireless internet, breakfast was ok, staff was very good/friendly/helpful, overall excellent value for the money in London = we chose the Sumner mostly based on Tripadvisor feedback ...the feedback was bang-on! We had a really good experience at the Sumner and will definitely return, I may even consider staying here on business for my next trip to London	
Sep 17 2007 	Excellent Home Base in London	This is a great place to be when in London. If you just want to do your own thing and not have to deal with crowded lobbies, elevators, and want a solid, no-nonsense place to be in London then this is where you want to be. It's very low-key. When I was walking to the Marble Arch tube I would pass the big and modern Cumberland hotel and was just so happy I wasn't staying there with all the crowds and doormen. The Sumner is perfect for independent travelers who want safety, quality, service, and to be away from the crowds and other people. The breakfast was very good. One example of service: I accidentally put the do not disturb sign out instead of the clean room sign. we came back from a day of siteseeing and the room wasn't cleaned. I called down to the front desk and the room was cleaned immediately. that wouldnt happen at a large hotel. also, the free internet in lobby was perfect.	
Sep 14 2007 	The Sumner is Awesome	My husband, daughter and myself stayed at the Sumner from August 20th through the 26th. We were very happy with our choice. The people at the front desk were very helpful. Several mornings we had early tours and it was no problem getting breakfast a bit early. (cereal, milk, fruit, bread) The hotel is designed to give maximum privacy- as we got off the hotel on the second floor we had to walk up a short flight of steps into an alcove and there were only two rooms in this area. We had a room with a king and a cot for my daughter. The cot was very comfortable (we were a little concerned about that). For a London hotel room the size was pretty good. The location was great. We were right around the corner from Starbucks (which doesn't open till 7:00 for those of you used to a cup of coffee really early) and within walking distance of many really good restaurants. We ate at the &quot;Bombay Spice&quot; twice- absolutely delicious. We were also a 5 minute walk to the Marble Arch Tube station as well as stores to buy water and snacks. The room was clean and well kept. The bathroom is not huge but quite functional. Storage for clothes was not tremendous but we had enough space for three people's clothes for a week. The hotel has a lovely sitting area downstairs with a computer available for use. There is also free wireless access. Overall, we were very pleased with the Sumner and would stay there again.	
Sep 8 2007 	Great hotel	Tripadvisor reviews steered us here and we were very pleased with this property. Great location for anything you want to do. Hotel was very clean, staff was great, and breakfast was very good. Rooms and beds were fine-everything is quite new. We would definitely go back.	
Sep 6 2007	Absolutely Fabulous!!!!	Booked this hotel after reading the reviews, I was taking my mother to London for the weekend to shop and take in show and sightsee, so needed to be central.Found the Sumner no problem off the tube station from Marble Arch, short walk away from Oxford street.First impressions were amazing, the hotel is beautiful and immaculate, we arrived at 10am and weren't due to check in till 12, receptionist took our bags to look after until we returned later in the day.When we returned later at about 4pm we were shown to our rooms and our bags had already been taken down for us. The room was the basement room 200 opposite the breakfast room and accessible by the lift. It was wonderful and not at all like I expected. air conditioning and immaculately clean and bathroom nice size with tub and powerful shower and the usual complimentary shampoos etc. Also nice fluffy white towels.The exterior door is closed and accessible by your room key card which is good being in heart of London.Next morning the breakfast served was wonderful and all you can eat and lots of selection which set us up for the day sightseeing, we checked out early and again left our bags for safekeeping rather than trail them with us around london, we returned at 5.30 and collected our bags.Overall our stay was fantastic and the staff very freindly and helpful and always willing to help and give a smie.I would definately return to this hotel.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great Hotel	The Sumner is a terrific, quaint, elegant little hotel just off Oxford Street. We were immediately impressed by the ambiance of the place. Very quiet and mellow, very modern. The front desk was exceptionally helpful, the room was clean, the beds comfortable, the traditional English breakfast was also good. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. We had an online rate of 100 pounds. Great Deal!	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Stay at the Sumner	Staff was super friendly and super helpful. Breakfast was good, and a good deal to be included in the price of our stay. The Hotel lobby, dining room, and our room were immaculate. Beds were comfortable. The room was a good size for London standards and noise was not a problem. Oh yeah, free hi-speed internet and bottled water was a plus.The neighborhood was quiet and about 5 min walk to the underground at Marble Arch. Very convenient location. One item to note, the streets between the underground and the hotel were dimly lit at night. Not really a problem, but may make some uncomfortable. However, we always felt safe walking through the area night.Overall, I felt we paid a bit more than we wanted to to stay here, but we did not regret it at all because we had a very comfortable stay.	
Aug 24 2007 	Excellent	Our family of four stayed three nights at this lovely hotel. It is very clean and well-maintained. Beds were very comfortable and rooms were a good size. Air conditioning in room was working properly as was the lift.The breakfast is very good. Not excessive, but certainly enough variety for our 10 year old and 17 year old.The hotel is about three blocks from the Marble Arch tube station.I have no hesitation endorsing this hotel to families or singles. In fact, I will probably be staying there again as a single in the near future.	
Aug 23 2007 	10 Perfect Days and Nights...	After much internet research and searching...my 14 year old daughter and I settled on The Sumner Hotel, in the Marble Arch neighborhood of London. The website and all communications with the hotel front desk pointed to a beautifully appointed room, quiet and convenient neighborhood, delightful staff and wonderful breakfast...we were never disappointed. We can't wait to go back!We stayed for 10 nights this June and would most definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a beautiful, small hotel at a reasonable price. Not only was the tube station around the block, but we had our choice of excellent neighborhood restaurants, a multi screen movie theatre, and a short walk to Shakespeare and the Open Air Theatre in Regents Park where we saw the most beautiful rose garden and had a delicious before show dinner, Madame Tussauds was also near by, as well as Speaker's Corner and Hyde Park.Go and enjoy! TM	
Aug 23 2007	Wonderful Small Hotel	A gem of a hotel in London. Affordable (by London standards), accessible, sophisticated decor, 24 hour service, US plugs in the room (major asset), spacious by London standards, intimate, tolerant of children, great breakfast.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great Boutique Hotel	We stayed at the Sumner Aug 13 - 18, 2007. The hotel was very modern with excellent facilities (i.e. plasma tv, AC, Internet Access) and great service from staff. Hotel was very conveniently located (five minutes) to Marble Arch, Subway and fantastic shopping of Oxford Street.Strongly recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a modern, friendly, conveniently located hotel at a reasonable cost.	
Aug 20 2007 	Good Location	Nice boutique hotel well situated just off Oxford Street. and near Marble Arch so Hyde Park is close, if you need some fresh air.We had a superior room that was very clean and really could not be faulted. Breakfast was OK by UK standardsThe hotel overall was exactly what we were looking for - well situated, comfortable, clean and modern. We would stay there again as by London standards it was good value.	
Aug 6 2007 	Boutique Boutique	We stayed here for three nights in July in the more modern style room. Overall we were very pleased with the choice as it gives you what you expect of a boutique hotel - limited number of rooms, a more private personalized feel, and in this case spacious rooms (by London standards) and a great location being a two minute walk from Marble Arch tube station and the start of Oxford Street.I was a bit worried at first that my room was on the ground floor and hence with the road outside but it was actually ok in terms of noise. The bathroom was also a plus with a very spacious shower.This hotel was value for money (again by London standards!) because at 150 pounds per night you would not be able to find much else in the same area at the larger chain hotels and they almost always will have a smaller room. The breakfast included in the morning was fresh and well made and although my girlfriend and I always showed up at 930 or 935am (it closes at 930am) the accomodating staff always brought out additional fresh food and did not ever make it seem like the placed needed to be closed.	
Aug 2 2007 	Upscale and Clean Clueless Staff	The room I stayed in really did look like the photos, quite nice and new. My room faced the back so it was very quiet, but even the street side is not very noisy.Breakfast was plentiful and tasty. Check-in was easy.The staff was surprisingly clueless about the neighborhood. I asked about a cafe for a quick bite at 9 pm and the clerk had no idea where to go. Another time I asked for a close-by book store, and the clerk directed me to a store that had been out of business for some time.The immediate neighborhood is almost entirely residential and an easy walk to the Marble Arch tube, Hyde Park and Portman Square. Not many restaurant choices, but there's a convenience store about 2 blocks away.	
Jul 31 2007 	great for family	Based on other reviews, we stayed at the Sumner for 4 nights in June with extended family and were not disappointed. We booked a king room for more space to accommodate an extra bed for our child, which can be difficult to find in London at the Sumner's rates and quality. I can only echo other reviews in the comfort and cleanliness of the rooms, relatively peaceful and convenient location (including a grocery store within a block), and friendly and helpful staff. Definitely will stay here again!	
Jul 28 2007 	Outstanding Boutique Hotel	We stayed at the Sumner for a week in late June, 2007 after a recommendation from a friend. Charming boutique hotel, with great central location in London. Loved everything about the hotel, including breakfast, quality of room, terrific shower and bathroom.The staff was so accomodating, we felt like we were staying in our own private B &amp; B. They helped us with everything - taxis, dinner recommendations/reservations, theatre tickets, jazz club tickets.Perfect hotel for us. We'll defintely stay here on our next trip to London.John, Tempe, AZ, USAjbmay@cox.net	
Jul 10 2007 	Lovely boutique hotel	We stayed at the Sumner from July 2-5. This was our first trip to London so I researched many hotels on the internet before choosing this one. The taxi driver didn't know where it was and fortunately we had the street address because the only indication it's there is a small plaque next to the front door. The hotel has about 20 rooms in a converted townhouse. The configuration of the rooms is unusual, at least by US standards. We were in rooms 203 and 204, which were reached by taking the elevator to the first or third level (reception is on level zero and there is no stop on the second level) and walking up or down a few steps. It's not a problem for anyone who can walk the stairs. The rooms were sizeable and very comfortable for two people. Breakfast was included every morning and it was more than sufficient (eggs, bacon/bangers, beans, cereals, breads, cheese, juice, fruit, coffee or tea). The staff is excellent. The location was a couple of blocks from the Marble Arch tube stop and very convenient. We throughly enjoyed our stay at the Sumner and recommend it without hesitation.	
Jun 22 2007 	Delightful and affordable jewel in London	My husband and I stayed at the Sumner in early May for 6 nights as part of our 25th Anniversary celebration trip to London. We booked the Sumner just two weeks before our departure (prior arrangements at another location had fallen through), and Justina, the receptionist, was so accommodating and booked us a room that was perfect for us (#8). A recent renovation of the property has produced a lovely boutique-style hotel with a homey, welcoming feel. Our room was reasonably spacious by London standards and certainly more than adequate. The best part was the excellent and comfortable beds and pillows, great showers and the fact that everything was new and therefore in pristine condition. The rooms wisely include plugs in various voltages that precludes the need for adapters (so smart!) as well as a hair dryer, substantial, fluffy towels and a room fridge that was great for storing water and other snacks.The staff was extremely accommodating and friendly. Breakfasts (included in the room rate, another plus in pricey London), was quite generous and a great way to start a busy day of sightseeing. Offerings included eggs, breakfast meat, beans, cold sliced meats and cheese, fresh fruit, toast, croissants, coffee, tea, juices, yogurt, cereals --- quite comprehensive by any standard. The location was an easy 3 block stroll from Marble Arch (Oxford St) and the Marble Arch tube. The neighborhood itself was semi-residential, so noise and the usual city hustle-and-bustle was kept to a minimum.All in all...we highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 18 2007 	Very charming boutique hotel	This small hotel appears to be fairly new. Everything wasspotless and contempory. Although the rooms are small, they were more than adequate concerning that most people don't spend too much time in their hotel room in London. The bathroom has a fabulous shower and the bed was extremely comfortable. The staff was accomodating even though we strolled in after midnight. The complementary breakfast was better than a &quot;typical&quot; continental breakfast(fresh fruit, toast to order, coissants, yougurt, meats, cheeses, eggs, sausage, andcereal. The location is close to Marble Arch which is centrally located. I plan on staying at this hotel when I return to London.	
Jun 18 2007	Kicked out of our Reserved Room!!	I would have loved to share everyone's glowing reviews here about this hotel, as I had booked it for one night, but had tried several times to extend my stay. Although we were unsuccessful to extend our stay, we thought would at least be able to spend our last night of vacation relaxing at this seemingly beloved hotel. We checked in our bags early in the morning and were told that our room was not available until noon time. We didn't return until about 5 pm at which point, we were told that our room was not available because there was no water in the room, and that we would have to stay at another nearby hotel which was supposed to be comparable. No assistance was initially offered to help us to the hotel, and we were told that we had to invoice The Sumner for the difference in funds b/c the hotel they booked us in was more expensive than The Sumner. No compensation, reduction in fees, credit was offered. Simply, you will need to go b/c the room is not available....that along with an apology. No call was placed to us even though I had given out my cell phone to them when I had tried to extend my stay previously. They provided my credit card information to the other hotel without my permission despite EU's very strict privacy rules. Water could not be restored to my room despite the 5 to 6 hours they had to try to fix anything. To top it off, the room they booked us in was not comparable whatsoever. The room was very dirty, noisy (with a concert nearby), not a boutique hotel like The Sumner had advertised. This is a far cry from what I was expecting and unfortunately, I am not able to recommend The Sumner.	
Jun 7 2007 	Absolutely Charming!	The Sumner Hotel was a very pleasant surprise, upon our arrival into London. It is a small, boutique hotel located just behind the Marble Arch, in Westminster. Location: The location is great. Just a few blocks from the tube's Marble Arch station, we were able to get anywhere in metro London in just minutes. There are a few pubs and a lot of middle eastern restaurants, nearby.Customer Service: The employees were very nice and accommodating. Justina was very friendly and helpful.Room: Our room was on the first floor, and was pretty good size, with a king-size bed, tv, desk and mirror. The bathroom was one of the best I've seen in a hotel. Huge tile shower with an overhead waterfall sprayer. Also, the hotel is on a quiet backstreet, so we rarely heard anything more than random cars and people.Extras: Breakfast is included, and while it wasn't a five star meal, pastries, juice and tea are always a nice start to the morning.All in all, we were VERY pleased with the Sumner, and were somewhat disappointed with the hotel we checked-into, in Paris, as it just didn't measure up to the Sumner.I highly recommend this hotel for the price, value and location.	
Jun 5 2007	What a great hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed in a double room at the Sumner for two nights in May, 2007. The location was perfect, near the Marble Arch underground station. As far as the hotel and the room, this was definitely the nicest/most modern of the 8 hotels we stayed at on our Europe trip: LCD TV, modern bathroom, and very clean. The breakfast in the basement was also fantastic, with cereal, fresh fruit, some cooked items, etc. My only complaint concerned some loud Karaoke music we heard from outside on the first night--but reception said there was some sort of event going on in Kensington Park that night which may have been to blame. Assuming that is true (and there isn't a Karaoke bar a few doors down) I suppose I can't fault the hotel for that. While nothing in London is cheap, staying at the Sumner seemed like a good value for my $ compared to other hotels I researched. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London.	
Jun 4 2007	Great hotel!	My husband and I stayed here in February of this year. Overall, the hotel was pretty much perfect. The only downside would probably be the room size, but that was not an impediment to enjoying our vacation!LOCATION - the hotel is located near Marble Arch just off of Oxford Street. My husband and I are somewhat conflicted about the location, but in the end, we think it was a good choice. The hotel, although located just off Oxford Street, is a good walk (short tube ride) from the real heart of the City, Bond Street, Picadilly Circus, etc. On the other hand, it is centrally located if you consider that Notting Hill, Knightsbridge, etc. are to the west and southwest of the hotel and Hyde Park is just at your feet. Admittingly, we spent most of our time to the east and southeast, so being closer to that area (say Mayfair) would have worked out better. That being said, the hotel is NOT in a bad location. My husband and I walked just about everywhere, so the location was suitable.PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION - the hotel is located a short walk (about 3-4 blocks) from the Marble Arch station on the Central Line. While convenient, the Central line is not the MOST convenient line to be on. We did quite a bit of transferring. Not a huge deal, just something to consider.ROOM - definitely small, but that's to be expected in London. My husband and I didn't stay in the room very much at all, we basically used it as a sleeping base, so a small room didn't matter much to us. If we anticipated staying in the room a lot (who does that in London), then it may have been a problem.RATE - we paid 85 pounds per night excluding taxes. Total, we paid 300 pounds for 3 nights, including taxes which equals about $197 per night USD. While not generally cheap, definitely the best value for the city we were in! The location was good, the hotel was brand new and clean and it included a free breakfast which was a bonus.BREAKFAST - breakfast was good. it included eggs, sausages, beans, cheese, cereal, juices, etc.GETTING TO THE HOTEL - we flew into Heathrow and took the 15 minute Heathrow Express ride (29 pounds one way, each person) to Paddington Station (runs every 15 minutes) and then from Paddington Station, we took a taxi to the hotel. Paddington Station is only a mile from the hotel, so the taxi fare was minimal. Between my husband and I and the taxi ride, the cost of transportation was about 65 pounds. This is probably about equivalent to taking a taxi directly from the airport, but it was a lot faster. The tube would have been the cheapest route, but likewise would have taken a while and with luggage, would not be ideal.INTERNET - there is one computer with internet access in the downstairs common area. We never had a problem getting on to use the computer. We also brought our laptop since there is free wireless internet in the rooms.SERVICE - everyone was very nice and helpful during our entire stay.ALL IN ALL - an excellent choice for our stay. We had a wonderful time in London and the hotel was perfect for our needs.	
May 29 2007 	a top class small hotel	As someone who has stayed in hotels in London regularly over the last 10-15 years this was definitely one of the better ones. As an all round experience I could not fault the standard of accommodation, the decor, the breakfasts or the friendliness/helpfulness of the staff. The hotel's location is excellent; only 5 mins walk from Marble Arch tube station and less than that from the Edgeware road restaurants &amp; bars. Our rooms were well proportioned, comfortable and very clean with air conditioning that worked (not always the case in London). We also had 3 great night's sleep - uninterrupted by street noise -this is something special where hotels in London re concerned.I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely be back.	
May 13 2007 	Boutique style at a great price!	This little hotel offers boutique style at a great price, and a very convenient location just off Oxford Street to top that. My room was quite small and slightly impractical (nowhere to hang your towels and no safe) but these little lapses or imperfections are easily overlooked due to the utterly charming nature of the property itself and the staff that runs it. The breakfast, although very simple, is served with care and good service. It really feels as if you are staying as a guest in a London townhouse rather than a hotel. A very sympathetic and relatively stylish haven in Central London. I strongly recommend.	
Apr 25 2007 	Great value	We stayed only 1 night at Sumner but we really liked it a lot. Location is perfect, hotel staff is kind and polite. We stayed in a king double. The bed was extremely comfortable, duvet and pillows just like at home. Entering the hotel you can already feel how tidy and neat it is. The bathroom is spacious and amenities are good also.	
Apr 23 2007 	Will stay there again!	I have stayed at the Sumner Hotel twice now and found it to be a great value! It is clean w/lovey decor and a nice breakfast. The location is great for dinners out in Marylebone or a walk though Hyde Park to Notting Hill. And close to the Tube which is great too. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I read a previous review where someone complained about the mini bar only having water. I think this is the funniest thing to complain about. Within a 3 minute walk of the hotel, there is a darling Italian market and other conveniences. Mini bars just allow you to spend money on overpriced items!	
Apr 15 2007 	This is a fantastic Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights in April '07. We really liked it a lot! The location is great, very centrally located within London, and just about three blocks to the Marble Arch tube station, which is located on the Central Line. Its also just about four blocks to Hyde Park. It is a small hotel, located in what appears to be a renovated townhouse, and you almost feel more like you are staying in a little apartment rather than a hotel (but the rooms are hotel rooms, with a little fridge). The front desk staff were very nice and accomodating. The room was also very nice and sizable, with a flat screen tv, and a desk, along with a mini fridge. The bathrooms also look like they were recently re-done with a nice marble sink, however our room did only have a shower (no tub), I dont know if other rooms have tubs. They also have a nice breakfast included as well, with eggs and toast and beans and cheeses and meats and cereal... basically everything you'd want to start you on your day. Essentially this hotel is an excellent, pretty, well located hotel and we both enjoyed staying here immensly.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great location	Really nice small hotel, chic B&amp;B. Well located near to marble Arch. Good value for short stay.	
Apr 5 2007 	Great Deal	Excellent customer service at a great price! Townhouse small hotel, like a B &amp; B, very modern and clean. Good-sized room with dreamy beds. Central heating made it too hot in the room, but the window opens. My room was quiet and at the back; the front rooms were noisy due to pedestrians walking by . Breakfast included, but the menu is the same every day (not a fan of bacon and baked beans). Tea/coffee 24/7 for only 1.5 pounds. I spent under 900 pounds for 8 days. Ride from LGW (Gatwick) by hired taxi from hotel was 85 pounds. Suggest going through Heathrow, which is closer and cheaper. Walking distance to Oxford St shopping, Marble Arch, and Hyde Park. Staff was very solicitous and always cheerful.	
Mar 26 2007 	The reviews helped	Like other travelers I booked this hotel from the reviews. Not knowing much about areas in London, we chose the Hotel Sumner because it had everything we needed. The hotel is on a quiet side street, only three blocks from the Marble Arch Metro station. Just like other reviews, the hotel was clean, well run with a friendly staff. The desk clerks help us quite a bit on things to do around London. The lobby has a nice lounge area with free internet. The moring breakfast was typical of England, with tomatos, eggs, and baked beans, and normal assortment of juice and coffee, toast. They do have an elevator but there are a few steps up to some rooms. We did not need the help but the clerk was willing. The only one concern was the proximity to local resturants. There are a few near Edgeware Road but most seem to be Middle Eastern cuisine. So a bit limited in the dining area. Otherwise this was a great hotel for a out of the hub area of London.	
Mar 20 2007 	Cool Gem @ Marble Arch	Booked this property based on tripadvisor reviews - so thanks!! Contacted the property directly and got an excellent rate, inclusive of breakfast and 24-hr in-room BB internet access, which was crucial for us. We stayed at Sunborn Yacht &amp; Riverbank Park Plaza too during this trip to London, so price-value &amp; location wise, the Sumner was the best compared to the other two. Location: Marble Arch station was 2 easy blocks away, with lots of convenience stores, a few shops, and restaurants along the way. Hyde Park entrance across the road from tube stop. Relatively quiet area.Property: unassuming townhouse entrance off street, in clean, neat, residential type setting. Lots of diplomat cars and liveries on street.Room: 2nd floor (elevator &amp; stair access), very quiet. Narrow hallway made luggage manouevering difficult. Complimentary chocolates on bed, every day. Bed was actually (2) firm twins and management was very responsive to our request to 'join' them up (with a fitted sheet) into a dbl. Clean, crisp sheets, comfortable therm setting, able to open windows, good sound proofing. 32&quot; flat panel TV, perfect distance from bed, above fireplace. Bathroom: spartan and minimalist. The handheld shower was near impossible to turn on once it got wet from the shower head above - slippery and tight. Water pressure was excellent, temp great. Towels were thick and absorbent, usual Gilcrest &amp; Soames toilettries provided. Very narrow counter area - not enough for both our toiletry kits. Staff: friendly, responsive. Good service in the breakfast room.Breakfast: standard continental &amp; english brekkie items provided in small, clean, modern eating area, 8 -10am. Staff was very kind in accomodating us even when we came down at 9:55am.The hotel has a wonderful, cozy sitting area: large living room, soft lighting, with newish furniture, lots of magazines and papers and a common area computer. Whitewashed and colourful walls contrast with dark wood floors, plush velvet and leather furniture and modern, abstract art displays. We are returning to London in April/May and intend to stay here again for our business &amp; personal trip.	
Mar 19 2007 	Nice and spacious	We stayed at the Sumner Hotel juz last Tues night, and apart from a few minor problems, we were quite pleased with the hotel. It looks like a normal residence from the outside but once inside, the atmosphere was really peaceful and classy.Location was great, and we took a long walk in the evening from Leicester Sq back to the hotel which took abt an hour. It was tiring but nice and warm.The room 200 looks pretty much like the pics on the hotel's website, except that we were in the basement room(because I requested a room with bathtub) right opp the breakfast room, so it can get noisy in the mornings with the breakfast room door open. It wasn't a big problem for us since we checked out the next day. Bed was really comfy, room was spacious,although it would be much nicer if they had put a couch in the room instead of a sofa bed. Juz a note: the room was quite stuffy and warm, and the air-con wasn't working, so make sure tat it's working or u will hv to open the windows in the summer.Bathroom was simple and right size for us, only quip was the toilet roll holder fell off and my hubby's hand got cut on it.In all, we would definitely stay there again, and choose one of the higher floor rooms.	
Mar 6 2007 	The best we have seen in London	Our experience of hotels in London has until now been quite bad. But it has changed now.Due to:Good location very near Oxford Street.Very very nice newly renovated clean rooms (not very bit though).Two rooms chosen for our family according to our requirements that fitted us perfectly.Very nice staff.The breakfast was not huge but still one of the better we have experienced. Attentive and thoughtful.When in London next time we will return!	
Feb 22 2007 	'So' recommend The Sumner	I have spent the last 20 years in staying in London hotels for both business and pleasure. It is such a refreshing change to have found a Hotel that has 'True London' character with all the refinements that go with 5* luxury.The decor is so opulent, the fixtures and fittings are the best I have seen anywhere. And as for breakfast...I want breakfast in that room every day...it is so refreshing &amp; vibrant....!You can't even find a better location. It is so convenient for all Public Transport, but there are so many car parking spaces available all the time. Amazing for such a central area.What makes this place even better are the staff. I cannot thank them enough every time I stay.This is the only Hotel I will use when in London. The only problem I can see, is it's just so good, hence becoming so popular, I might not always get in...!!!I normally refrain from recommending any accommodation to people as I never know what their expectations are. However, I have recommended this to so many now and everyone has said it has been superb.Many thanks.	
Feb 20 2007 	Sumner Hotel is in a great location	We went to London for the first time for a 3 day stay and chose this hotel based on a recommendation from a friend. The location was perfect for catching transportation (buses, tube) to all of London's main central attractions. Some of them were even within a short 15-20 minute walk! The hotel was very clean and the rooms well maintained. The rooms were a fair size (especially by European standards) and quiet for the most part. Breakfast was served every morning and each guest had several items from which to choose.The staff was excellent is addressing any need we had and contacted a taxi so that we could get back to the airport on time. I would definitely stay at this property again.	
Feb 15 2007	perfect place...	I felt like home. The best thing for me apart from the beatiful decoration, the lovely room, the nice bathroom, the kindness of the staff, was that when you arrived at the hotel you didn't feel like you were in the middle of such a big city like London. It's a perfect place to relax and enjoy London. Thanks again.	
Feb 14 2007 	High Tech 	This is a cool hotel. It marries high tech with style. Lifts to the rooms (almost no heaving luggage up narrow stairs), no keys to juggle (its a card system that is placed in front of a sensor), flat screen TV. Excellent location 3 min away from the marble arch tube and oxford street shopping. The service is genuinely friendly and competent, and the decor tasteful. They speedily located a manicurist for me along oxford street despite being busy. Its modern-victorian, sort of old style with a twist. Many lovely and unique spaces in the lobby and lounge that one can relax in , with internet access, a selection of books, a fireplace and view of the street. Good microspace creation manipulating light.I suspect the windows are soundproof, coz my room was totally silent! The bed was kingsize and very good, I slept like a baby. The bed must be something because I sleep on Simmons at home.I would recommend it highly :)	
Jan 24 2007 	Super comfortable bed!	I stayed at the Sumner for two nights on a business trip after reading the reviews carefully. The last time I stayed in London I picked a similar townhouse in Paddington and paid £85 - I had to choose between a tiny, quiet room at the back but reeking of smoke, or a tiny, quiet room at the front which was extremely noisy. So I suffered the noise and vowed at that point that next time in the city a quiet night would be worth around £100.I paid £116 per night at the Sumner including breakfast. When I arrived, I was delighted - a smart facade, the quickest check in I've ever experienced and a room which surpassed my expectations. Super comfortable bed, pristine and spacious shower, perfectly tuned flat screen TV, mini fridge.With many of these townhouse hotels, the breakfast room is in the basement with no natural light, but they had made an effort here with the decor to make it feel bright.I have no laptop but a great plus is the free internet access in the lounge - and I was able to print off a few pages for free which I collected in the reception, much appreciated.The only thing I missed was a coffee making facility in the room, it would have been the cherry on the cake. If the management ever read the reviews - save on the chocs on the bed and invest in a few kettles.If I have to stay in that area of London again I'll go back to the Sumner and can certainly recommend it to others!	
Jan 14 2007	We were disappointed	We'd always wanted to stay at the Sumner in S. Kensington but it was sold before we had the chance. We were happy to see it in a new (albeit not as desirable) location - the reviews here were good and the hotel looked lovely on the website. However, we were fairly disappointed.The decor is relentlessly modern - looks lovely, and everything is new, but it's not very practical. The chair in our room was so low it was a challenge to get out of it. The bed platform took a big chunk out of my shin in the middle of the night - lots of blood and I now have a scar - as it's got sharp corners that are unprotected by a mattress. We had a King bed, but since it would have been a design sin to have a king duvet (I guess it would spoil the aesthetic to have the duvet hang over the edges of the mattress) to stay covered you have to stay closer to the middle of the bed, thus defeating the point of a king - to sprawl out in a big bed.The toilet was positioned so that if you didn't sit far back, you'd burn your knees on the radiator which was directly opposite in a tiny space.Great chunks of sloppy caulking in the shower will result in some major mildew growth down the road, and the towel rail will almost certainly start pulling out of the tile wall.The ceilings are lovely and high with very nice moldings and are painted a lovely soft warm grey. As I say, everything at this writing is still nice and new.Breakfast was really good one day (great sausages) and not so good the next (rock hard eggs and weiners instead of sausages! We joked about eating weiners and beans for breaky).Something which really ticked me off was the lack of a bath in our room. I need to have a bathtub and so I had emailed the hotel a few times to confirm that our room would have a bath and shower. We even booked a higher category room to ensure we'd get a bath, and I have the replies saying of course our assigned room had a bath. Yet the room we were assigned on check in had no bath. When I brought this up with the woman on duty, she said she was sorry but this was the only room they had available. NOT IMPRESSIVE. The room did have a lovely big shower with all sorts of nooks and crannies (which served no purpose other than to look cool), and the overhead shower head was very nice, but I was not satisfied.We did not feel the hotel's location is that great. The nearest tube station is Marble Arch. It's close, but it's not a convenient stop as it only has the Central Line - so be prepared to transfer a lot. If you plan to spend lots of time on Oxford Street then the hotel is well-located for that, and there are some nice small pubs close by. The area has many, many small cheap hotels and B&amp;Bs in it.If you like the Marylebone village area for shops and restaurants, it's within walking distance. We got a pretty good price for this hotel, and it wasn't a totally bad experience, but it was disappointing. We go to London every couple of years. We'll definitely return to the city but we will not return to The Sumner.	
Jan 10 2007 	Lovely New Year's Eve in London	Booked this hotel on strength of reviews on this site.Hotel is located just off the Edgware Road and a short walk to Oxford Street, Selfridges, Hyde Park etc.The hotel is in a fairly quiet street. it is 2 converted town houses combined to form a hotel of 20 rooms so a nice size, not too big. The decor and furnishings are very modern, clean but welcoming. The lounge downstairs was ideal for a pre New Year's Eve drink -take your own there is no bar!We went with my wife's sister and husband who are used to the finest hotels around the world and they were very impressed. My sister in law described it as &quot;a country house hotel in the city&quot; which sums it up very well.We had booked deluxe rooms but i am sure the standard ones would be fine. Room wa slarge with lovely decor. The bed has to be the most comfortable ever in a hotel and after a heavy night it was a real struggle to get up.Breakfast was OK. Some hot food plus fruit, breads, etc buffet style.Staff were very helpful and polite.Overall, highly recommended.(For New Year's Eve we ate at Rodizio a Brazilian restaurant in Bayswater. Great fun and good value. Try it but get a table downstairs it was just too hot upstairs as this is where they chargrill all the lovely meat.	
Jan 6 2007 	splendid oasis within the city!	Joined my daughter and her friend at the end of their 3 month European adventure, which they spent in hostels and &quot;low-budget&quot; properties. Knowing that London starts at expensive and goes to outrageous, I tried to find a nicely located hotel with at least a 3 star rating (the Sumner is 4 star) and didn't break the bank. This place met, and exceeded, our requirements, not to mention our expectations!We spent 4 nights here after a rather disappointing 3 night stay in a budget property (more like a hostel so we could accommodate an additional friend for the first part of our visit). Our first impression was &quot;WOW!&quot;, as the lobby/living room is certainly an oasis in the very hectic, crowded city. The staff was quite gracious and professional even before we arrived, as they corresponded with me and made various reservations, etc. prior to our stay. They certainly didn't disappoint in any of their assistance. Check-in was a breeze.Our room, large by European standards, was scented of lavendar as we opended the door. The bathroom, though small, was adequate for three women. The beds were remarkably comfortable, as was the living room furniture. The breakfast was delightful, differing slightly every morning, and served with a smile. And free internet helped the girls catch up with friends and email before heading back to the US.Over all, the Sumner was a splendid way to see London, close to shopping, sightseeing, and dining. I will return and recommend this hotel to all family and friends. Enjoy!(PS: the hotel reserved a car for our early morning trip to Heathrow and it was $50 for all of us; and they came to our door, loaded the luggage, and dropped us at our gate! What a deal! Will definitely do this again!)	
Jan 6 2007 	Perfect hotel	We'll stay here on every trip! The hotel is in a great location, close to Oxford Square and a tube station. It was SO clean and simply decorated, plenty of room and super comfy duvets. Very quiet too. The staff made the trip for us. They were so nice and helpful. We wanted to stay another night but they were booked. They actually helped us find another hotel. (The Darlington was horrible compared to The Sumner, big disappointment). They also helped us with coach reservations to Canterbury even after we'd checked out. They couldn't have been nicer. They also put an internet booster in the stairwell so that I could get good wireless access in our room. Breakfast was great too and filled us up for a good part of the day, saving us money in this expensive city!The hotel made our stay!	
Jan 2 2007 	Luxury and Location for a Great Price	I've been to London 3 times in 2006, and stayed at 3 different hotels each time. The Sumner Hotel was my most recent stay. For the price (100-150 pounds), the Sumner is an excellent hotel. It's not the best hotel I've stayted at, but this price range is the hardest price range to find a decent hotel in London.The Sumner has nice rooms, a great location, friendly staff and an excellent breakfast.The Room:I stayed in a &quot;deluxe&quot; room, which is now called the Superior King, for 140 pounds a night including breakfast. The room was quite large for London (the 12 foot high ceilings helped) with a king sized bed, a small desk, a small refridgerator, a flat screen tv on mounted on the wall, a wicker bench and an armoire. The decor was modern and minimalistic. Not my taste exactly, but it was nice nonetheless. The room lacked a dresser, so unless all of your clothes hang, you pretty much are living out of your bag.The bathroom was small but functional. The bathroom only had a shower stall that was a tight fit for one, but it also had a great shower massager! The room and bathroom were very clean overall. My biggest complaint about the room is that the room (on the 2nd floor) faced the street, and every single noise outside could be heard rather clearly. It's not that bad since Upper Berkeley (pronounced BARK-lee) is a remote, generally quiet street.The big plus about the Sumner is the free wireless internet. London hotels generally charge 10-20 pounds for in-room internet access, which is not a nominal fee considering the weakness of the dollar. So this is a bug plus if you are travelling with laptop in tow. However, if you're travelling on business (like me), this is not the best place to be as their is no business center with printer/fax/copy capabilities (although I am sure could get that done by the staff if you needed). They do have a generally-available PC with internet access; this too is a plus as most hotels will charge a few pounds for 30 minutes access to a PC with internet.Breakfast:If you are a fan of strong coffee and English breakfast (runny eggs and some kind of meat - generally sausage), then you will be a fan of the Sumner's breakfast. Personally, I thought it was fantastic. They also have fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, oatmeal and pastries. It's a great way to start the day. I am not sure how much extra the rate is with breakfast included, but it was worth it to me.Location:The Sumner is two blocks due north of Marble Arch station, which is at the tail end of the shopping district along Oxford Street. Selfridge's and Marks&amp;Spencer are within walking distance (or a quick bus ride), and Bond Street is walk-able as well. Marble Arch is on the Central Line, which is convenient if you are focusing on Central London. If you are going anywhere else, you'll need to transfer (not a big deal, but not as convenient as some other stations).The Sumner is also a 5 mintue cab ride (about 10 pounds) from Waterloo train station, so if you take the Heathrow Express to Waterloo and then a cab to the Sumner, it'll take you about 45 minutes and cost you about 25 pounds (this is a bargain and it's quick).The one downside to the hotel is that the area around Marble Arch severely lacks decent restaurants - even if you're looking for a quick bite or something casual - the choices are very limited. Staff:This is a boutique hotel and has more of a family-owned feel to it. I did not interact with the staff very much, but they were very friendly and helpful with the few things I did need. Overall:The Sumner Hotel is a great hotel for the price - it has nice, large, clean rooms and is in a good location convenient to most of Central London. You really can't get such luxury and location for under 150 pounds in London. However, if you can afford a few pounds more, I highly recommend the Park City Hotel (in the 150-200 pound range). It's in a better location and more luxurious for the price. My other stay this year in London was the Renaissance Chancery Court, which is absolutely fabulous, if you can afford the 300 pound/night room fare.My final word on the Sumner is that you can't go wrong if you stay here. Are there better places to stay? Absolutely, but the Sumner is rare in that it offers a great, luxurious place to stay at an incredibly affordable price.	
Jan 2 2007 	Nice hotel	As we spend 2 nights in London for New Year's Eve, and based on the writing about this hotel, we choosed the Sumner as we like to try new hotels in London.As said, aera is nice and safe. Hotel is only 5-7 minutes away from Marble Arch tube station and Oxford Street. Hyde Park isn't far as well. Try the good (but pricey) Indian restaurant &quot;La Porte des Indes&quot;.Room was big and clean, with a nice LCD TV which is almost normal for a new 4* hotel in London. The only thing is that we had a room facing the hotel and which was noisy because it hasn't really soundproofed windows. Traffic there can be heavy.Nice staff. Breakfast was too early (8 till 9.30 am!!). We didn't try. I really think you can get a better hotel for the price in London. Happy New Year!	
Dec 23 2006 	nice hotel great location	My husband &amp; I (from Chicago) stayed at Sumner for 4 nights. Being near Edgeware Road, Marble Arch and Oxford Street, this location is wonderful. The Bond Str. and Marble Arch tube stations are nearby and beautiful neighborhoods are steps from the door. We've stayed in London a number of times, at fancier places (including Browns and The Langham), and this is definitely one we'll go back to in the future.The room was big, the service pleasant and breakfast adequate enough to get you through the morning. Highly recommended.	
Dec 23 2006 	9980% score !!	Just returned from the Sumner, we stayed there just for one night. Looking for a nice hotel we finally booked this hotel based on previous revieuws. We booked it directly on the sumner-website, (discount, final total amount was Epound 116!!) the smaller room.The space between the end of the bed and the wall is not very wide, but wide enough to walk. Room is 100% clean and wonderfull decorated, it is exactly like the pictures! Provided with a large wardrobe, good bed (it's higher than normal, lenght of the bed is ok; husband is 6.2 feet no problem), clean carpet. (I always hate it when there are strange stains on floors in hotel rooms). Nice and clean linnen. Bathroom is adequate with a very nice shower ! Minor thing was the temperature; too hot!! Which was easily altered by changing the airco and opening a window. Another small minor thing was the breakfast-room; it's pretty small but no one had to wait to be seated. But these two issues are the only negative points about the hotel. Hotel is located in a very nice and save location. Staff is indeed very friendly; they checked our flight (Heathrow fog) and we were allowed to leave our suitcase behind in the hotel the next day, for a couple of hours. Everything with a sincere smile.We will definitely return here !	
Dec 13 2006 	Stunning!	I stayed at The Sumner in December 2006 and it's a perfect little hotel! The room was spotlessly clean, the bed was very comfortable, breakfast was great ... they serve hot cross buns at Christmas time: superb!!!How many times have you stayed in a hotel and from about 7am, every door in the place starts banging making it impossible to sleep? Well, at The Sumner, every door is fitted with a clever little device which gently and quietly shuts the door. It's little details like that which make this hotel stand out from the competition.I wholeheartedly recommend the hotel.	
Dec 2 2006 	Very Good Hotel For The Money	Stayed here for 4 nights and found it to be a very good hotel for the money. I do think that it would in fact be hard to beat for the money. The hotel is close to The Marble Arch tube stop which would not be my first choice in London but it was relatively close to theatre, Harrod’s and Chelsea which having been to London before was what I came for this time. Also being Marble Arch the restaurants were alittle cheaper than in other areas which the few times we ate in the area was nice.The hotel has a very nice parlor or sitting room with a computer and free internet. The computer will print out documents to the nearby front desk printer and there is no charge. The sitting room also has a sofa and several chairs and guide books to London. It is right at street level facing the street so you see people walking by and cars which I enjoyed. There is also a gas fireplace in the sitting room which makes it very pleasant. We had tea and biscuits served to us a few nights in the sitting room for a very nominal fee which was very very nice.We had the king bedded (larger) room facing the street. Everything about the room was quite nice…….comfy bed, decent pillows, very clean and flat screen tv. The tv was in an odd spot, on the wall to the right of the bed, which made watching it a bit of a strain. The chairs in the room were not terribly comfortable. I would take exception with a previous reviewers comment that there were only 2 items in the mini bar in that it is not actually a mini bar. Rather it is a refrigerator for guest use in which they provide one flat and one fizzy water I believe at no charge. Diagonally across the street is a grocery store, which always seemed to be open, where you can buy whatever you want, at decent prices, and put it in the refrigerator. There is no gym however there are two Marriot’s nearby where you can use their facilities for a fee (the older one at Marble Arch has better facilities as it has been redone) although at both hotels they didn’t charge me……it seemed to be more trouble to the staff than it was worth.I do agree that the walls are very thin between the rooms and that would be my only major criticism. We could hear the guests next door using the toilet which was somewhat of an annoyance. When there were loud guests in the room next door we heard more. I would not recommend this hotel for younger people who might want to stay out late and go clubbing and then sleep in the next day….you’ll disturb people coming in late at night and I do think it might be difficult to sleep in although we did sleep from 11AM to 5PM one day because of jet lag with not much trouble.A full breakfast at this price was a nice addition. I have had better hotel breakfasts but also worse and for the money I thought this breakfast was quite nice……eggs, meat, cheese, cereals, juice, coffee, tea, cumber slices, scones, muffins. A very friendly staff and guests made this quite a nice stay. From the moment I called the hotel from Los Angeles with help with finding the best Indian Restaurant in town that we would enjoy (top food with friendly service and relatively informal) I knew I made the right choice. That restaurant was Chutney Mary’s by the way which we really enjoyed.I would probably return to this hotel if it continues to offer such good rates. There is a lot to be said for the small boutique hotels in my book, where there are friendly staffs and nice communal rooms. However if the rates rose by a fair amount I would be tempted to check out some choices in Covent Garden and the Kensington area.	
Nov 29 2006 	Good experience	The Sumner was more or less as I expected, which is a good thing. The hotel is clean, decently located (close to Marble Arch tube), relatively spacious (as far as London goes) and has a great staff. The price was very good as well.The only outright negative was the too-thin walls/ceiling, making it hard to sleep in (if that's your choice). I wasn't a big fan of the breakfast, but others seemed to enjoy it. The wireless internet could have worked a little better in the room, but the fact that it was free entirely made up for it.	
Nov 29 2006 	New favorite hotel in London	I booked this hotel online and expected a nice place, but the Sumner was a fantastic new find. The rooms were comfortable and stylishly decorated, the bathrooms were modern, the beds extremely comfortable, the breakfast very tasty and the location is great. Would stay here again definitely and totally recommend. I would say you can't get better for the money for a boutique hotel in London right now.	
Nov 28 2006 	A very comfortable stay	A lovely five night stay at the Sumner. Prompt service, nice breakfast, good sized room, contemporary furnishings, everything very clean, very tasteful. A sedate boutique hotel with nice detailing. Easy walk to tube stop, to Hyde Park and to shopping in Marylebone village. One watchout...my partner and I were first in a room on the basement level. The room was huge (even had a nonworking fireplace) if somewhat underfurnished. However, the bed was right under the first floor drawing room and computer table, so lots of walking and chair moving overhead late at night. The next morning,the hotel gladly moved us to a top floor room. It was a little smaller, but quieter and still very comfortable. Would definetely stay at the Sumner again.	
Nov 28 2006 	Great boutique hotel	I agree with other recent reviews. The hotel was gorgoues and very London! The rooms everything you needed. They were modern, comfortable, spotlessly clean and the staff were incredibly helpful. The breakfast room was very sweet too. My only comment would be that a twin room is just a king bed split into two, not two doubles as I thought it would be.The pub two doors away was fantastic and it was great to be able to have a quick beer or dinner by yourself in a genuine London pub 30 seconds from the hotels front door. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	Very nice not perfect	Did only stay for one night, so my experience is limited. Positiv; Location is good for al the touristy places and Hyde Park which is great anyway. The decor is quite nice if not that cool. Big bed! Quite ok bathroom. Free internet. Very helpfull and nice concierge...Negative: The minibar contented only 2 bottles of water, that's it! I thought this was a mistake but when I called the consierge he confermed that was normal. Not a big thing, but I wanted a coke... Internet worked very slow if at all (wifi). Bed was very big, but not very good. The bathroom is small for the price.All in all I liked the place, especially the ¨living room¨. But after reading all these amazing reviews I was a little dissapointed.	
Nov 17 2006 	a pleasant discovery in London jungle	I stayed at Hotel Sumner four nights on business travel. Find a decent and not very expensive accommodation in central London is not an easy job. I read some reviews on Trip Advisor and then I chose to try the Sumner thanks to its location, two minutes' walk from Marble Arch tube station. And I did not regret of my choice. The hotel has a cozy, familiar atmosphere since you step into. Enjoy the sitting room giving on to the street. It's really pleasant.My room (Queen Double Room for single use) was clean, well equipped, with LCD screen, and surprisingly silent. Bathroom is clean and functional. The receptionists are friendly and ready to help you with information (there is also a list of suggested restaurants on a desk), as well as the lady serving breakfast which is situated below groundfloor. Breakfast is not very English as you may expect but it is totally enough (especially for an Italian), with cereals, pastry, toast and scrambled eggs. Pastries were not fresh. But nobody is perfect. I recommend the Sumner Hotel for a short or long stay in this crazy fascinating city	
Nov 9 2006 	The Sumner is excellent!	I just got back from a trip to London, and loved the Sumner. The staff is extremely efficient and courteous (and make good restaurant reccommendations), and the hotel itself is pretty much brand new and everything you could ask for for 99 pounds a night. The rooms and bathrooms are a decent size - and everything is sparkling. The beds are extremely comfortable -which maybe isnt such a good thing - since it made it harder to actually get up! Ha. ha. Each room has a plasma TV with digital cable which also made it hard to leave the room as TV in the UK is quite addicting. The shower was a nice size and had great water pressure - and yes, there are Gilchrist and Soames soaps and shampoos in a cute little basket in each room!The breakfast room is modern and adorable, and the English breakfast that was included was definitely enough to fill you up.The lounge is comfortable, and has a computer for your use, and almost every London guidebook that is out there....and as for location, you can't beat Marble Arch - and The Sumner is literally a 3 minute walk from the Marble Arch tube station...and Hyde Park!I would definitely reccommend staying at the Sumner, and I would gladly stay there again - as I almost was sad to leave! It really is a perfect little hotel.	
Nov 8 2006 	Modern cozy comfortable hotel	Great hotel, a short walk from the Marble Arch station, making it very easy to get around. Quiet neighborhood, it felt like I was staying at a friends house. I really enjoyed the lounge area with the fireplace. It was a great way to relax and read some books to plan the next day's adventure. Tastefully decorated, modern, clean, comfortable and inviting. I would return.	
Nov 7 2006	Unbeatable London Hotel	Rick Steves' &quot;London 2006&quot; guidebook notes that the 13-room Five Sumner Place Hotel in South Kensington had received several &quot;Best Small Hotel in London&quot; awards in the last decade. Sandra Gustafson's &quot;Great Sleeps London&quot; described it as a hotel that had &quot;turned genteel coziness into an art form&quot; and had &quot;the understated air of a well-run country home&quot;. But much to our chagrin, we learned it had closed when we went to book a room for our trip in the fall of 2006. As it turns out, luck was with us after all, because the brand new, reincarnation of the place as The Sumner Hotel near Marble Arch just off the northeast corner of Hyde Park proved to be one of the best hotels we've stayed at in 35 years of traveling and worthy of all of the kudos that the owners received for their South Kensington hotel.The Sumner is a quiet oasis in bustling London, but just a short cab ride from Paddington Station (where the Heathrow Express Train from the airport arrives and departs), within a hop, skip and a jump of London's &quot;Tube&quot; system, a only a short walk of Hyde Park, Oxford Street shopping, and several restaurant.Our King-sized room was well appointed, nicely decorated, and spotlessly clean. I was able to retrieve and send e-mail from my Palm PDA using the hotel's wireless Internet access (a computer is available in the lounge for guests who have left their laptop's and other wireless electronic devices at home). The staff was absolutely accommodating in every way.We paid 115 Pounds/night (plus tax) for our two night stay at the beginning of our trip, and 110 Pounds/night for our longer, six night stay when we returned to London after three and a half weeks on the Continent. These rates seemed very favorable to those quoted by other, less desirable sounding hotels.	
Nov 7 2006	Polish hotel	Very good service quality and very nice and helpfull stuff - all of them are young polish people.	
Oct 30 2006 	Exceptional Service -- Great Location	From the first phone call, the young staff at the Sumner were smart, helpful and curtious. Located in a nice neighborhood of hotels about five minutes walk from Marble Arch Tube Station, the Sumner has been completely remodeled (I think they opened in May, 2006) and everything still has that &quot;new&quot; look. The rooms were very, very clean and kept that way throughout our four day stay. Peter was able to book Theater tickets, make afternoon tea reservations, and keep the WLAN going all at the same time. Breakfast staff always had a smile and were ready with a tray when I went to surprise my wife with coffee one morning. The management have clearly done this before (previous location was South of Hyde Park in Kensington area) and I predict that next year reservations will have to be booked VERY early.Small nits: 1.) Towel sets were not always complete -- missing bath mat one day, wash cloths the next. Soap not replaced each day.2.) I don't mind the elevator telling you what floor you are on, but it also insists on telling you the doors are opening and closing AFTER they start opening or closing. This gets annoying after the first day, but maybe I'm easily annoyed...3.) WLAN still not effective on 4th. (top) floor, but works great in the lobby4.) The TV programming needs some work. More channels are &quot;not in service&quot; than working, forcing you to flip through boatloads of inoperable channels. Not really a problem, since we didn't watch much TV, but my kids wanted to try it, so I needed to make sure it was &quot;safe&quot; -- and it was.	
Oct 28 2006 	Great small hotel		
Oct 27 2006 	We loved our stay at the Sumner!		
Oct 25 2006	Love the Sumner		
Oct 24 2006 	Wonderful hotel		
Oct 21 2006 	Charming Hotel		
Oct 2 2006 	Sumner is Great!		
Sep 28 2006 	Surprised with the Quality for the money!		
Sep 19 2006	Excellent value		
Aug 15 2006 	Lovely Hotel		
Jul 3 2006	New/Nice/Convenient		
Nov 16 2009 	Hotel tres sympathique central		
Sep 21 2009 	AUCUNE INSONORISATION		
Aug 23 2009 	????????		
Jul 19 2009 	???????		
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent accueil		
Feb 22 2009 	????????		
Feb 5 2009 	?????????		
Jan 29 2009 	me encanto		
Jan 29 2009 	Muy acogedor		
Dec 25 2008 	ottimo piccolo hotel		
Jul 5 2008 	Ottima scelta!		
Mar 4 2008 	Super alternative für London "TOP"		
Dec 11 2007 	Proprio come a casa		
Sep 16 2007 	Un peu décu par la chambre deluxe		
