Nov 16 2009 	A Nice place to Crash after a long day	Yes, you probably have read other reviews and the room size is small. The room I stayed in fits a double bed and a desk and tiny walkway between.However, the hotel is located right off Oxford Street. Minz walk to bond st. for shopping and night life. There a couple nice lounge/club near by. And about 10 mins walk to Hyde Park.The rooms are filled with everything, surprisingly the TV sets are B&amp;O. The bathroom is also small but adequate. Marble showers and sinks adds a nice touch.The staff is wonderful. I arrived at 8:00 am and they have a room ready for me.To sum up, it would be nice place if you are just looking for a NICEE place to sleep at night and wake up with free breakfast ready.	
Nov 15 2009 	You can get used to the room size and find this hotel quite nice	Okay, from previous review you already know that their room are tiny, but the location and value for money are good. What I want to add.1. If you're to hit Oxford street, it'll be really difficult to squeeze all your new stuff into the room, especially if there's two of you. Me and my friend had to stumble over packs, because there was NO space.2. The view from your window will leave much to be desired, no matter what side of the hotel you choose: it's either unatttactive building or just as unattractive brick walls.3. At the same time, I can't complain about the service - I found the staff really friendly and helpfull. Same goes for the room - they managed to squeeze everything you might need during your stay.4. A couple of complaints go to details: 1) remote control barely works; 2) room cards also work poorly and we had to change them 5 times during 2-days stay.5. To sum up. It's an okay hotel - we felt shocked at the size at first, but then got used to it. If my friends want an affordable place to stay in central London, I'll certainly recomment this one.	
Nov 12 2009 	Freindly Service Great Value for money	I stayed in the hotel for two nights and the service from the time of check in to check out was excellent. The staffs were very friendly and even helped me on the final day to book a cab and gave clear instructions of how to move around. I would highly recommend it to anyone be it for leisure or business	
Nov 11 2009 	The smallest hotel room in the world	Ridiculous to hire this out at any price, and a joke to call it a single room. This is not for the claustrophobic, or for those who occasionally even would like to turn around – there’s not enough room for anything even though they manage to pack everything in here including safe, trouser, press, ironing board, tea/coffee.I won’t go back. I’d rather go to one of the new/refurbished Premier Inns.And breakfast turned up late from room service. MInd you there wasn't enough room for breakfast and me in the room anyway.	
Nov 4 2009 	Smallest ever	Don't go here if you can avoid it.It is good location but the rooms are to SMALL...	
Nov 4 2009 	Worst room ever!!!!	Paid £135 pr night and got a room smaller than the elevator!! Ok location if you are here for oxford street, but hotel service is crap and rooms smallest ever. Been in London several times a year since 1990 and this sets a new standard, and not in a postive way.... Stay away!!!!	
Oct 26 2009 	Below average hotel in a great location	Just back from a weekend stay at the Sussex and have to say it was below average (only just though). Tucked away behind Oxford Street the location is great but it does make it very, very noisy at night. Partly because the windows in the room are just rubbish - massive gaps. A lot of the shops on Oxford street have their service yards close by so you get lorries all through the night. Room was clean and comfortable though. Just very small. I had a deluxe room which was meant to be bigger so I'd hate to see a standard one. Service was polite and unobtrusive. Drinks in the bar were stupidly expensive - two vodkas and two Baileys came to £44..... The worst part though was breakfast - had to wait 45 mins for a table on Sunday morning and by then the buffet was dessimated and the staff were really struggling to keep up. Food was poor quality and choice wasn't great. Will I return - probably not.	
Oct 25 2009 	Brilliant location for Oxford Street Shops 	Some of these rooms are too small against what the competitor hotels offer in this location. If you're just planning on sleeping in it, then I guess not a problem and if your trip is for seeing all the the West end has to offer, the location just 1/2 block from Oxford St, will make up for it. Plan any time in your hotel room though, you should opt for somewhere else. Service was excellent, and the breakfast is high quality food and a nicely presented buffet.The lift is in desperate need of updating.	
Oct 23 2009 	Radisson Edwardian Sussex Hotel	Except for its location, a very poor value for money. The rates were 115GBP per night and the room was minuscule, barely encompassing the whole of my bed;)A big flat-screen TV set, tiny bathroom and spectacular view of the brick wall... hotels in London centre are a rip-off.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Hotel - Perfect Location	Just enjoyed a very pleasant 3 night stay at the Sussex. The location is perfect, just around the corner from Marble Arch tube station and with Oxford Street shops practically on your doorstep. The room was nice - clean and with everything we needed. The staff were very helpful and service was excellent. The only gripe, if any, would be the one small lift which did get a bit busy at times but this would definitely not put me off staying here again.	
Oct 4 2009 	very enjoyable stay	The room was very clean and comfortable,The staff were very friendly and efficient .We had dinner in the restaurant and the food was very good with excellent service.Breakfast was also very good ,in all a very enjoyable stay	
Sep 21 2009 	Enjoyable stay	Stayed for 2 nights. Very clean room. Good breakfast included in rate. Great location just 1 block from Oxford St., Marks &amp; Spencer, and Primark. Very friendly and helpful staff. Show tickets were in excellent location. Small elevator. Had a handicap room and only complaint would be slippery shower floor. Double bed seemed a little small.. Would definitely stay again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Nearly Perfect.....	I booked this hotel for myself and three friends for 1 night stay for a Hen Night. Perfect location for us as were spending the night in Leicester Sq and Covent Garden plus we wanted to doing a bit of shopping. I had requested 2 twin rooms however, upon checking in I was informed they only had doubles, luckily for them we didn't mind sharing with one another and I was compensated with compilmentary breakfast . We had to wait for one of our rooms so we decided to have lunch in the resturant until it was ready. We waited 45 minutes for food which made us late for our afternoon celebrations, then finally got our second room. My room was very.... how should I say this.....petit and bijoux! (Room 213) and the other on the ground floor was alot bigger. The rooms were very clean and well presented. I was refunded 50% off our lunch and the gentleman on reception was very helpful towards us and apologetic. Overall a pleasent stay!	
Sep 17 2009 	excellent location	having read some reviews we were a bit concered about the room sizes. but upon arrival in our room we were plesently surprised, yes it was small ish but well laid out with a king size bed desk area and a bathroom. the ceiling was a bit low so if you are over six feet tall it might be aproblem. the hotel is clean and tidy and the staff were very helpful and friendley. the location is perfect just seconds from oxford street and hyde park. the breakfast is great plenty of choice and hot. an excellent hotel and would definately stay there again. and no i dont work for the hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	Disappointed !	We arrived here on the 5/09/09 and stayed 2 nights for our 1st Wedding Anniversary.During check in we was told that because it was our Anniversary that we would get a better room and a bottle of wine by the lady who I assume was of a higher position to the man who was actually checking my husband and I in.We never received a bottle of wine and was disappointed, also once we returned home I looked at the Radisson website and our room was just a standard room.If the lady hadn't of mentioned this at reception we wouldn't have been expecting this !The room was tiny but clean and the ceilings are low, my husband found this funny as he is very tall !There is only one lift which is annoying and kept stopping on all floors going up and down !During checkout another gentleman did this and was quite rude when he printed our bill out, we hadn't touched the mini bar and I moved some items to fit my water in there to keep it cool so that I could take my tablets and tried to charge us nearly £15 and kept saying ' are you sure you haven't had anything ' this annoyed me as we hadn't !We enjoyed going to the theatres and seeing London during our stay but wouldn't return as this was a special occasion for us and we were let down.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great location perfect for shopping.	Stayed at the sussex for one night with 2 friend. little bit hard to find the hotel, you really need to be right outside the door to see that its a hotel at all. check in staff were friendly and helpful. the room was very nicely furnished with a king size bed and a pull out bed both were very comfortable. the lighting was a little harsh, just ceiling spot lights and no lamps which is a bit strange. location wise its absolutely perfect, just around the corner from bustling oxford st and a 2 minute walk from marbe arch tube station. all in all a perfect hotel for our shopping trip.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent hotel	Really nice hotel in an excellent position for the centre of London. Nearest tube is Marble Arch which is a three minute walk away. Small but with enough space for a base in town. Reception and check-in was warm and efficient. Rooms are small but compact - good TV, powerful hairdryer, lovely powerful shower. Double WAS a double [rather than two singles] but did call to confirm this the day I booked it. Extra pillows provided very quickly when requested. Didn't have breakfast so can't comment but room service Contintental looked rather pricey - about £17 I think. Arrived back at the hotel quite late and lovely Polish barman reopened the bar with good grace to enable us to have a night cap. Quiet and excellent black out curtain. Would recommend this hotel for those that need a good reliable comfortable central base in London to explore the city - but not if you're 6&quot;5&quot;!And good free easy to use wifi!	
Sep 2 2009 	Exceptional quality and service	The rooms are small but really well designed with modern comfortable furnishings, feels quite luxurious. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I stayed one night and forgot my toiletries bag and phoned the hotel and they sent me an email to tell me they had found it and then sent it to me free of charge. I got the room on a lastminute dot com &quot;secrethotels&quot; or something like that,so I did not know which hotel I was actually booking, therefore I got a really good price an fantastic value.	
Sep 1 2009 	tiney hotel!	when they say it is a small hotel they are not kidding, everything is of a high standard , but boy our room was sooooo small, we actually laughed when we went in , thank god we were out all day and most of the night,staff friendly and food very good, what i would say if you just need somewhere nice to sleep fine if you want to spend time in your room relaxing go some place else.	
Sep 1 2009 	Staff were very friendly and the room although small was perfectly formed and very functional.	The staff were very friendly and helpful. I have never stayed in a hotel before where reception will call you up in your room just to enquire everything is alright. Although the single room was small, it was very clean nicely furnished and decorated and had everything there that I needed. The breakfast was very good with plently of choice.The only down side was the lift which was very slow, and the lights in the room, I had to ask when reception called how the lights work (You have to put your door card in the slot) Good idea very green.As I will be staying one night a week in London I have advanced booked with this hotel as I was very impressed.	
Sep 1 2009 	A little gem of a place with great breakfast!	Considering what London hotels charge and most of them are 'room only', it was such a pleasure to find this little gem which is just off Oxford Street ( a stones throw away from Marble Arch tube) down a small side street.There was 2 of us staying for 3 nights midweek. Our twin room was small and basic, but it was new, clean and had everything you would want. It had a free safe for you to use in your room, it had airconditioning and what really made the whole trip for me was the breakfast. For me part of the holiday experience is to stay in nice accomodation and breakfast the next morning. The breakfast here I thought was very good - the whole works from the usual bacon, eggs etc.. to fresh juice, fruit, toast. They even made porridge on request if you wanted it. It kept us going right through to lunchtime. I would quite happily stay here again and am happy to recommend it.	
Aug 24 2009 	STAFF STOLE MY IPOD	I stayed here in July after using this chain in London every month or so for business.On previous stays in other hotels around the city, I have always found it pleasant, clean, efficient and friendly.On this occassion I ordered room service for breakfast - consisting of cold toast and no butter amongst other things - however when it arrived it was placed on the desk, and the tray hide my ipod from view, it was next to the phone and sockets as I had charged it. I checked out and went off for my business meeting, and then realised I'd left my ipod in the room. When my meeting finished I called the hotel to report it and was told I'd get a call that eveining. It didn't happen. I chased again the following day and was told that it wasn't there - clearly it was!I asked for the manager to call me and after waiting and chasing up for 3 days - and over hearing him being rude - he finally spoke to me and said security were looking in to it!He did call back 2 days later to advise it wasn't found - to no surprise as whoever stole it took it over a week ago!The manager advised me customer services would contact me - and I'm still waiting 1 month later!	
Aug 20 2009 	Small rooms but excellent staff	I was staying at Thistle Marble arch hotel and couldn't extend my stay as they were fully booked. So i booked a room with Radisson Sussex hotel which was a minute away. Staff at the reception was so friendly but i was bit unhappy with the size of twin room i got. There was no space for luggage. When i enquired, they apologized and staff shashit 0ffered me another room and moved our luggages and gave a comprehensive guide about around the area. He helped us to find a cargo agent to ship our excess luggage and re-confirmed our flight booking too, which made our things easy. Location is fantastic for shoppers but if you get a small room you will be very unlucky. Price is so high and the breakfast is expensive. However we managed to get a good room atlast, otherwise we would never go there again. Nothing much about the hotel, but the staff was understandable, friendly and helpful, and that keep us bring back to this hotel in our next visit. Aysha Alasfour.	
Aug 11 2009 	Perfect location couldn't have asked for better!	We stayed here for a 2 night city break. The hotel was easy to find just around the corner from the Marble Arch underground. Check in was quick and luckily we were on the first floor as I have to say we would still be waiting for the lift it was so slow! The room was small but spotlessly clean and there was a good choice for breakfast. What sold this hotel to me was the location. It is just off Oxford Street and close to Speakers Corner where the city tour buses go from. I would definitley stay in this hotel again and would recommend it.	
Aug 10 2009	Great Location	Hotel is in a great location, only a few steps to Oxford Street and Marble Arch station. Had trouble with our booking made on lastminute.com, the staff informed us on arrival after a 24 hour flight that lastminute had cancelled the room we had prepaid for 5 nights without explanation. Tried to make us contact lastminute to sort this out, however once we spoke with the manager she contacted lastminute and the booking was rectified. Not a pleasant way to start our holiday! Rooms are small, friends of ours had a deluxe, would be worth paying the extra for. Staff were friendly, although be careful when booking taxi's through reception because we got ripped off one time by doing this- ensure you use a licensed taxi at all times. Towels were great, beds were ok. Restaurant is overpriced and not worth it. Overall, we would recommend this hotel and would stay there again because of the location.	
Aug 5 2009 	Nice Hotel with a Great Location and Value	The rooms are slightly small as expected in London, but the price and location were great! Close to two tube stops, Hyde Park, shopping, and dining, and traveling alone I felt fine walking around by myself. Staff was very nice and rooms seemed new and clean.	
Jul 26 2009	Brilliant location for Oxford street shops great service and wonderful breakfast	My daughter and I stayed here for one night on a shopping trip to London. The rooms are small as other reviewers reported but it didnt matter, they were clean and had everything you could possibly want. Staff were so welcoming it made the stay very special, breakfast excellent (the best I have experienced in a long time!) but the best thing is the location - so handy for all the best stores and near St Christophers Place for great atmosphere eating in the evening (always recommend Carluccios, great value and delicious food).	
Jul 15 2009 	Great location	I booked a pre-paid for 1 night's stay as we were going to the theatre for my partner's birthday. It's in a great location just off Oxford Street but surprisingly quiet. The staff were extremely courteous and helpful, the room was small but comfortable and the bathroom/shower was clean and easy to use. However, I wish I'd read an earlier review about the pillow situation as it was until 11 pm that I realised that the pillows didn't suit me either!!! The hotel lift also takes an age to travel up and down and it's rather small. After a particularly long wait my partner remarked to a fellow lift user that we'd been waiting since yesterday for it to arrive! But overall the stay was pretty good and I would use it again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Superb location for Oxford Street	Reception staff very helpful and check-in/out prompt. Hotel has peace and quiet away from the bustle of Hyde Park (went for a concert), and Oxford Street(for shopaholics) but in a real good location. Rooms were compact, but everything you need for a short stay.Restaurant - breakfast was very good. A good night's rest.	
Jun 26 2009 	Small 	Great Service from begining to end of stay. Very friendly and helpful staff.Modern styled room, with very clean bathroom! (Always important) Must have been recently decorated. This was a small room with a double bed, but it had all the facilities and was ideal for us. The Bathroom was really nice and compact (It did lack a bath) but had a nice large shower.Ideally located tucked just behind Oxford Street, a two minute walk from Marble Arch tube station. And only one block away from Selfridges.Because the Hotel isnt large compared to the usual Big London Hotels we have stayed with. The restaraunt doubled as the bar and breakfast area, the breakfast was very well cooked, and reall well presented. Free paper if you wanted it too!Nice relaxed atmosphere.We will stay here again, and I've already recommended it to a friend with a family of two younger children.	
Jun 19 2009 	Extremely smiling staff beautiful decoration deal situation	This hotel is very well located just behind Oxford Street which is very practical for shopping and to drop your shopping bags during the day without having to leave the city center. The decoration of the hotel is smart, refined and zen which is great when you come back tired from all the city buzz. The staff is very helpful and smiling which is also a rare feature in hotels nowadays. The breakfast is a pleasure be it continental or english style. I really appreciated the fresh fruits and nuts. The purpose of mu trip was a girl week-end for shopping but I'll definitely go back with my husband for a romantic week-end. This hotel has become one of my favorite if not my just my favorite.	
Jun 15 2009 	This is not a four star hotel!	The rooms are so small you have to go outside to change your mind! I had to pay an upgrade of 30 £ to get a room with a desk from which I could work. The A/C is very noisy and there is a constant smell of fast food (probably since they gave me an upgrade room above the kitchen). The rooms are dark, but you still see the dirty spots on the wall to wall carpet. The bed is very hard. The bathroom is tiny and ice cold. The service is OK, but that doesn't help when the hotel itself seems old and dirty.	
Jun 9 2009 	Comments on our Radisson Edwardian Sussex Hotel stay	I’m writing to comment on the outstanding service my wife and I received on our recent stay at the Radisson Edwardian Sussex Hotel in London on May 15th and 16th, 2009. This was the second time we stayed at this hotel and when we arrived at 9:30 am, we were met by Ainhoa who made us feel like we were coming home for a visit with family. Since we were early, she invited us into the restaurant for a cup of coffee and a chance to relax while our room was being made ready. Our room was spacious and comfortable, and very much appreciated. That evening we took advantage of the hotel’s room service, and both food and service were excellent. Ainhoa and all her staff, especially Diogo, are a real asset to the Radisson Edwardian Hotel organization. We look forward to staying at the Radisson Edwardian Sussex again next year when we return to London. We feel very safe walking the streets at that location and we like the convenience to the Bond Street Tube Station.Best regards,Al and Ruth SchroederOrlando, Florida	
Jun 2 2009 	Great location; shame about the service	We spent a Friday and Saturday night in the Sussex. A couple of days before our arrival, we were asked to confirm the booking, which, as I had prepaid when I booked the hotel several months before, I found a bit strange.The location is fantastic for shopping - a minute's walk from Marble Arch tube station, and just behind Oxford Street. When we got there, I found that we'd been given the upgrade that I asked for! Perfect... I'm very glad that we did, as the room was not large. The bathroom in particular was tiny - we had to move the table out of it so that my husband could use the facilities! You couldn't have more than one person in there, and you couldn't step into the shower without some contortionist movements. We were on the second floor, overlooking the front. That was fine, apart from the fact that the office workers on the other side of the road could see straight into our room! Not that they were, but having to draw the curtains on the brightest day of the year was somewhat surreal.The bed was very comfortable, and the room had all the amenities necessary. There was only one pillow, though - we had to struggle with using either a bolster or a scatter cushion as the second pillow. There weren't any spares in the wardrobe.On the first night, we came back after an evening out for a cocktail in the bar before retiring. It wasn't late, but we were the only people in the bar. When we ordered our drinks, we had to wait while another staff member was found. Once the cocktails arrived, we were both disappointed: my husband's champagne cocktail tasted (and looked like!) cough medicine; my dry martini was light on the gin, still had ice in the glass, and no legs whatsoever - not a pleasant experience. And, on top of that, we were charged 12.5% service charge!On the Sunday morning, we went down for breakfast; had to wait 15 minutes for a table, and then, when we did, we decided not to bother. All the food had been under a hot lamp, buffet style; if I'm paying £17 for breakfast, I'd like it to be freshly made. So, we went to a local cafe on one of the back streets instead, which was a much better idea.When it came to settling the bill, we noted that 2 bottles of water had been added from the minibar; we'd only had one. They were very good about taking that off, so I wasn't going to add anything about that - until the person next to us reported exactly the same thing.... Overall, it was a place to sleep; we could've got the same from a budget chain. We were looking for the boutique hotel experience at a reasonable cost, and we didn't get it. The best thing about the hotel was the location.	
May 18 2009 	Comfortable Rooms Excellent Service Excellent Food and plenty of £ Sterling leftover to entertain...	I have stayed at The RE Sussex around 5 times in total within the last 12 months, always on business, and I must say that at the average price of £109 per night, this hotel represents the best value for money in a Central London location.Although based in the West End rather than in the heart of the City, the proximity of Oxford Street and Marble Arch Tube Station means that this presents no object to staying here. Central Line will get you to Bank within 20mins at the outside.It is also a superb place to entertain, as Nova is a very smart bar which is usually quiet. The staff are discreet and scrupulously polite whilst still attentive to the right degree. The food is usually excellent, especially for the price. I almost always normally eat out when staying away on business. This is a rare but justified exception to that rule.Many rates also include breakfast, which is also very helpful in keeping costs down, especially in the current climate where expenses are heavily scrutinised.All rooms are well presented and always clean, regardless of size, not something I could comfortably say about some of the budget chains, nor even the premium business hotels I have stayed in when in London.The 1 criticism I would make is that some of the smaller rooms are a little too cramped. On the other hand, when you *do* get 1 of the larger rooms, these can be superb. I should say that I now subscribe to the Reward scheme and it is well worth it as you will often receive a free upgrade. I work for a large FI organisation, and this hotel is now the firm London favourite for many of my colleagues.	
May 16 2009 	OK ..but tiny rooms and some grumpy staff	My room was just about big enough to swing a ferret but a cat would struggle. My colleagues asked for the largest single they had and ended up with twins which were apparently OK. They didn't pay the £30 upgrade the hotel tried to sell. Reception staff are welcoming but bar staff and restaurant staff were surly and you felt they regarded the guests as the enemy. Breakfast at £17 is poor value - try and get an inclusive deal. Good location for Marble Arch - Tube 2 minutes away.	
May 11 2009 	Would not make this our first choice hotel when we come back.	We have stayed at other Radisson hotels in London before so wanted a different one for this one night visit. The hotel is well positioned near the West End and close to the tube. When we arrived we checked in and went to our room only to find it was really small, it was a double room and no seating area. We went to reception and told them we had booked a deluxe room which comes with a king size etc. They told us that was a double so they changed us to another 'bigger' room. So we went to the room and found the same but slighlty different layout. So.... my husband went to reception AGAIN to say this was not a king size and that were no seperate seating area. They told him it was a king size and the seating area was a single chair at the dressing table! We couldn't be bothered to persue it anymore so went out as planned. To top it all our room had a frosted window so we had not view but when we pulled the blind fully up we had a big tin boiler tube as a view - no wonder the blind was down!We went to see We Will Rock You which was excellent. Breakfast the next day was lovely but the staff were a bit disorganised but we didn't have to wait to sit down.When we checked out of the hotel they asked if we had a lovely stay. My husband said the room was too small etc. The Manager next to him said that the room we were in had a double and the next time we book with Radisson we can have a free upgrade. In the end they DID lie to us as we knew we had a standard double but they kept persuading us it was a Deluxe.Anyway, apart from that it was a lovely stay in London and we will not be going back to Radisson Sussex.	
May 10 2009 	its ok	This hotel is one minute walk from Oxford Street, and perhaps three minute walk to Selfridges, so very handy location. The staff on Reception were smiling and friendly..nice to deal with. The room is tiny, but if you are not spending time in the room it is ok. A bit overpriced for what it was, but the location is superb which makes up for it.Rooms were modern with modern toiletries and exceptionally clean. Excellent bathroom if small. Great for shopping and meeting with friends.	
May 5 2009 	Excellent friendly service and worth being recommended	The staff both at the reception and in the restaurant were friendly and efficient. The hotel is small but very convenient placed in the centre of London. Also, very clean and good value for money.	
May 5 2009 	Great hotel central location very friendly staff	This hotel is great, just off Oxford street at the Marble Arch end you couldn't be closer to the activity. I stay here once a week on business and it is my preferred hotel in the area. The staff are very friendly and helpful and do whatever they can to accommodate your wishes. I have eaten in the hotel a few times and can't complain about the food or the service both of which were excellent. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 1 2009 	Give this one a miss	Small room. Booked and pre-paid for non smoking and given a smoking room !!! Complaining was a waste of time - told that the only other free room in the whole hotel was even smaller. Bar closes before midnight - service slow and unfriendly and yet they charge a 12.5% service charge for drinks. Thought I was going upmarket by using the Radisson brand but if this is typical will be giving them a miss in future.	
Apr 16 2009 	SMALLEST hotel room in EXISTENCE	Booked a standard double room 5 nights @ L129 pn.Double bed is wedged in between three walls, so you have to climb over your partner/spouse to exit the bed. A/C sounds like a rocket launch!Room service is CASH ONLY!!DO NOT STAY at this hotel - you have been warned!!	
Apr 7 2009 	Great hotel Friendly Staff	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for the weekend as it was my birthday, we booked a standard room through Superbreak. When we arrived to check in the staff were very friendly and helpful, when they found out it was my birthday they upgraded us to a King Deluxe Room, the bed was massive!!! Nice marble bathroom, not a big room but plenty of space. The breakfast was great, i dont have any faults about this hotel. Would stay again, just off Oxford Street so great excuse to shop!! Just behind New Look, nearest tube is Marble Arch.	
Mar 30 2009 	Excellent location	Nice and clean hotel at a great location. Room was small but adequate but could be sound proofed a bit better towards the hall way.Nice decor and frienly staff.	
Mar 26 2009 	I was worried about staying at the Sussex but didn't need to be!	Having booked this hotel on the &quot;Secret&quot; section and then reading the reviews on this site, I was really, really worried about the size of the rooms as we were staying for 6 nights! I need not have been - our room is totally acceptable sizewise.In addition, I need to tell others that the location is A1 as it is so close to Oxford street, Hyde Park &amp; the Marble Arch tube, there is free wireless connection in your room 24/7, they serve lovely food in the restaurant at a very respectable price for London and we even got a complimentary drink on arrival - could they do more?The reality is, that in any city centre hotel, the views are usually not stunning (unless you want to pay Park lane prices) so overlooking the back entrance to Next is the price you pay. The good thing is that there is not a lot of night time traffic as in other parts of the city so it is relatively quiet later on. I still think it is worth it and the staff are very friendly &amp; helpful too.Deb	
Mar 23 2009 	Helpful Staff	The hotel is conviently situated just off Oxford StreetThe staff in the bar and restaurant were attentive and helpful, and the reception staff were especially attentive and efficient at chheck in and check out.The room (a twin) whilst comfortable was compact and the outlook was not great but it is of course a city centre.	
Mar 12 2009 	Perfect location	Second stay at the Sussex, first time was a few years ago. Booked for location and we knew what to expect, it was as good as the last. Perfect location, behind New Look/Next on Oxford street. Two minute walk from Marble Arch tube station. Excellent service, very friendly staff. First room we looked at slightly smelt of smoke so they upgraded us with no fuss. Will definately return!	
Mar 12 2009 	full value for your money	This was the best hotell i have visit in London, polite, clean, excellent secive minded staff... i will for certail come back here for buisness stay and leisure	
Feb 2 2009	Small Room but great location 	Apart from the size of the hotel room (still bigger than your typical Yotel found in Japan), this hotel offers very good service and mostly importantly, it's minutes away from the 'Marble Arch' station and walking distance from Bond Street, Hyde Park among other popular places.The only knocks are that,1) The hotel entrance is opposite to the garbage dumping area of a commercial building.2) Looking out of the windows of our hotel room, there was a construction site/building in the process of being torn down.Conclusion:We managed to book our room in advance and got a pretty good deal (GBP 108). It's almost impossible to find something as decent at the same neigbourhood for less.	
Feb 1 2009 	Claustrophobia and buiding sites	I booked my stay through lastminute.com, it was a secret hotel. I did a bit of investigating before I booked and discovered that it was a Radisson. I was more than happy to book a room in the hotel. The Sussex to my mind is not of Radisson standard. We arrived and checked into our room, after getting out of the slowest lift we opened the door of the room to see the tiniest room, smaller than hotel rooms in Tokyo or Paris, we were very disappointed as we had booked one day away from work and needed to relax. We went back to reception and requested another room, the man at reception said we could look at another room, it was a smoking room on the 4th floor and the ceilings were extremely low and the room smelt badly of smoke. We went down again and were told that the only room left was the so called &quot;suite&quot; with an upgrade charge of £30. We decided to go for the upgrade as we felt to enjoy our stay we really didn't have an alternative. We went out for a meal, came back to the hotel, went to sleep to be woken up at 8.00am by drills, hammers, blow torches and a large group on construction men in yellow vests outside our window, shouting at each other and working away. This was not the relaxing lie in we had in mind and reminded me of something from Watchdog . We decided to get up and leave.When checking out I requested to speak to the manager. I was very disappointed in her way of dealing with the situation. As she continually clicked her pen in front of us she said that she could offer us a complimentary breakfast, at this stage we just wanted to leave. We declined here offer. I said I expected to have at least the upgrade charge refunded and she did begrudgingly oblige. We left the hotel with our suitcase in tow and lugged it around for the rest of the day in London as we did not wish or feel welcome to return to the hotel. The £30 refund really did not compensate for a miserable nights sleep and excessive stress for a night away from work that was supposed to be a treat and a way of de-stressing.	
Jan 28 2009 	Living in a coffin on a 2 star Russian Cruise ship	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Despite its excellent location and very smart outside appearance, this hotel fails to deliver on all counts. The problems start immediately at reception. The glum, stressed receptionist was almost hostile from the get-go. The minute lift led to waferthin corridors that are very, very narrow (you have the feeling you are on a 2 star Russian cruise ship) leading to the double bedroom that barely fitted in the very small double bed. . The window faced onto a brick wall covered in scaffolding. The walls were painted chocolate brown. The bedding was chocolate brown. There were pictures of snakes on the walls. While sitting on the toilet you were facing a full size mirror opposite you, which was most disconcerting. The shower had two temperatures - scalding hot or freezing cold. You were woken early in the morning by the smell of the builders coffees and sound of the builders conversations on the scaffolding outside. The rooms were extremely dark and as small as a matchbox. It felt like I was sleeping in a coffin and my experience of this hotel made me feel like a battery chicken. Awful. I tried to leave the first evening but was told that I would lose 100% of my money from my credit card as there was a 100% cancellation fee. Book this hotel at your own peril	
Jan 18 2009 	Nice Hotel in Good Location	A great location tucked away just between Oxford Street and Portman Square and pretty much equal distance between Bond Street and Marble Arch Tube stations. The entrance is unfortunately opposite the delivery bays to the Oxford Street shops though. I would highly recommend for a girls shopping weekend - it's so close - you can nip back and drop off your bags and keep shopping. We had a ground floor room. It was nicely decorated and very clean, however the only window was at the bottom of a very small enclosed shaft, and despite clear blue skies and bright sunshine, the room remained dark and I felt quite enclosed after an hour or so in there. I'd recommend you ask for a room on the upper floors. I didn't experience breakfast or the restaurant so can't comment, but the reception staff were very helpful and friendly.	
Jan 2 2009 	Not a bad hotel	We went to London for a break and couple of days shopping. I booked the hotel through lastminute.com top secret hotels. It was a nice clean hotel and I loved stepping straight out onto Oxford Street. Whenever we needed to pop back to the hotel we could do it easily. The rooms were tiny but we were only in it to shower and sleep so it really didn't matter...and yes there was just another building to look at when you looked out the window but what do you expect when you're on Oxford St?!I would stay in this hotel again but I wouldn't pay full price for it!! I'd only book it through lastminute.com again!	
Nov 24 2008 	hidden charges	my partner had booked this hotel on last minate as a [secret hotel deal] when they told us where it was and we read the reviews we were a littlte concerned . which appeared to be right. when we got there we were informed that the hotel was fully booked and all that was left was a single room , even though we had paid for a kingsize deluxe , however they managed to find us a room , on the ground floor ,  the room was freezing , when we put on the airconditing , it took ages to heat up , and the noise was deafaning ,  i went to the bar to oreder 2 drinks and was shocked to find that they had put a 12.5% service charge for serving me at the bar!!!!!!  we didnt eat at the hotel as the restruant was actually the bar!!!  when we came back we looked at the room service but decided against it , because why should we pay , then add 12.% THEN £1.50 DELIVERY CHARGE TO HAVE IT SENT TO YOUR ROOM?? . it,s safe to say we wont use this hotel or the chain again!!!!!	
Oct 20 2008 	Not the Radisson you would expect	To begin with, the hotel is very small and a bit 'hidden', although central, and even taxi drivers have difficulty in finding it. Not really the Radisson you might have in mind, not like any other Radisson you might have stayed in.Check in is very efficient, and the front desk staff are very kind and helpful, really do anything to please you. But that's where the good stuff for this hotel ends. The rooms are very very small, even the double ones; two people with luggage barely fit in a double room. There is construction work going on very near, which is quite audible in the mornings. However, you can also hear people in the corridors or in the upper floor walking and talking, and if someone happens to walk fast then your whole room is shaking. You can also hear other guests having a shower or flushing the toilet, and this is also clearly audible in the night, which i did not really appreciate about this hotel. If you find it at a good rate (i.e. as a Last minute secret hotel) it might worth the try, given its location just off Oxford St. However if you're looking at a proper 4 star hotel then you'd better check out other hotels too.	
Oct 10 2008 	Look at the photos they tell you all you need to know	Photo of the back of the hotel - that great big crane is *IN* your hotel. There is a major construction project in progress.Photo from room 119 - that scaffolding is almost touching the window.What happened:I arrive to check in at 2pm, no room preference asked, given cardkey, go to room, it's a twin - the smallest twin I've ever seen. There is also a bricklayer working exactly level and centre with the window, about 4 meters away.Return to reception, ask for a double, none ready, 1 hour delay.Return about 4pm, given new card key, room 119 is below street level, construction noise, very limited natural light (partly because of the scaffolding). Seriously consider asking for my money back and finding another (any other) hotel.Terrible, truly terrible lighting. Harsh overhead halogens, no table lamps, or bedside lamps. Light switches mis-wired, too complicated to explain, but lights not controllable. You really wouldn't want to try to read in this room, because of the glare from the badly thought-out lighting.Bathroom good (even if the wardrobe is in the bathroom), but impossible to turn off the infrared heating lamps without turning off all the lights. Bed fairly good. Room styling fairly good. Room design, layout, position, lighting extremely poor. B&amp;O tv, but internet access through it not working (or I'd have been looking for a new hotel).Go out for the evening. Return to realise the lighting is truly terrible. Eventually lay in bed in the dark to chat as the lighting is so uncomfortable.Construction noise restarts 7.30 am. Peculiar plumbing noises from other rooms start earlier.This really is the worst designed hotel I have ever seen. It could have been good, but they've tried to squeeze too many rooms in. Never mind prison overcrowding - send the real serious offenders here - that'll teach them a lesson.I've slept in the back of my van and been more comfortable than this. It's also a 100 quid cheaper.On check out I complained about the construction noise and asked for a discount. Chap on reception had no authority. Tried to fetch manager, but in a meeting. Promised manager would call my mobile number. Call back never happened.I booked this room through lastminute using the secret hotel offer. First time I've used it. I doubt I will again.I will never ever stay in this hotel again. Claiming to be 4 star and charging that much money is a complete rip-off.Some staff were nervously trying to please, others brusque. I got the impression they're all in a siege mentality - they know they're pedaling a lie. This place deserves the BBC Watchdog treatment.	
Oct 2 2008 	single travellers only	Stayed here on a business trip to London. The hotel is in a good location just off Oxford Street. However this was a major downside. The hotel is behind several big department stores and the noise from the loading trucks started very early in the morning. Thankfully I was getting up for meeting so this was not a problem for me.The hotel is decorated in a modern style but my room on the ground floor was the smallest room I have ever stayed in and was very dark. The bathroom was exceptionally small. However I was on my own and the trip was for business rather than pleasure so this was of no great concern to me but it would put me off staying here with my husband. The bed was exceptionally comfy but the room lacked any sound proofing. I arrived late and had dinner in the restaurant which was very nice and the breakfast had great choice. Would I stay here again? Not if I was paying for it myself and not if I was travelling with others but for a business room on my own I probably would stay.	
Sep 24 2008 	Good for insomniacs	I received a good rate for this room and breakfast was included. On check in I was told that I was being upgraded from a double room to a king sized room which was. The room was a little more spacious than other rooms at the hotel. So far so good.I was a little concerned about the security of the room as the windows opened onto the street and there was no way of locking the windows. My impression was that someone standing outside the hotel could have easily lifted the old fashioned sash window and either reached or climbed into the room.When I retired for the evening I found that the windows to my room were brightly illuminated by intense external floodlighting which the Austrian blinds were only partially effective in keeping out of the room.Of more concern was the noise of lorries from the street outside. As the hotel appears to be located in a quiet side road, I assumed that the noise would quieten down as the evening progressed. The noise continued unabated thought the night and I was woken multiple times through the night with the noise of lorries arriving and departing from the parking area directly outside my window. The lorries in question appeared to be discharging rails of clothing into the retail building opposite the hotel and would hence appear to be a nightly occurrence as the store is restocked for the next day’s trading. I noted that my room despite the old fashioned sash windows had no secondary glazing to reduce the noise coming from the exceptionally noisy road outside the hotel.The hotel must be aware of the problems that guests in this room are likely to experience. To be offered this disastrous room on the promise that it is an upgrade on the normal standard of room offered by the hotel made me feel deeply insulted and mislead.	
Sep 15 2008 	Location great - that's all	Spent two nights on business trip - room dark, very small and not that clean on carpets - although bathroom ok. Outside noise early morning each day due to being in an alley behind Oxford street for delivery trucks.Staff not that well in english Tolerable - but that's all.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great Location ok hotel disappointing service	I booked for a group of 8 people to stay at the Radisson Edwardian Sussex via LastMinute.com for a Birthday trip to London.On arriving at the hotel (after 2pm which was the stated check in time) none of the Guest Bedrooms were ready, although mildy frustrating this did not cause a problem initially as Oxford Street was literally yards away and the shops beckoned!Disappointment arrived though when meeting up with two of the group who I had booked into the hotel advised me that the hotel had told them there were no rooms available for them to stay in! Somewhat confusing when 5 separate rooms had been booked, no one had been in touch to advise of any problems - either from Lastminute or Radisson. I was advised Radisson would kindly move them to one of their sister hotels in London at no extra expense and cover the cost of transfer, however on the basis of a group booking and an organised event this was frustrating and not needed on what should have been an enjoyable day. After a phonecall to Radisson Customer Services (which got disconnected) I was no further forward and two hotels now housing my guests!On arrival at the hotel at about 5pm I was advised a transfer to the sister hotel would be ready in half an hour. Not leaving much time for my guests to rest and freshen up before we met again at 7 for pre-dinner drinks.... Oh but how can we in two separate hotels?! After more conversations with the hotel manager and expressing my disappointment they offered to accommodate my guests in two single rooms. Which it might be added were compared to the size of a walk-in wardrobe! Very little was done in the way of an apology or compensation (they were awarded a discount voucher for a continental breakfast RRP £17.95 - I think it was a £5 discount each!).On eventually checking in - we were advised check out was 11am (even though literature from Last Minute advised 12noon) but for our inconvenience those of us that challenged this were allowed a 12noon check out!Personally I think for the inconvenience and stress caused Radisson should have moved my whole party to the sister hotel, but although I requested this it was not met. I have subsequently written to LastMinute and Radisson and await their replies..Now onto the stay... Location wise you could not fault the hotel for central location for Oxford Street.The hotel was clean and compact. Rooms were well equipped with Bang and Olufsen TVs which was a nice touch but they were incredibly small and warm. Air Con was available and used but they did feel quite stuffy to me. I upgraded myself to a Deluxe Room but I wouldn't recommend the extra cost personally. I'd recommend this hotel for location and a nice hotel (it can be a bargain if booked via the Secret Hotels scheme on LastMinute) but the customer service has left a bitter taste in my mouth on what should have been a stress free weekend with friends.	
Aug 4 2008 	Ok small rooms but I can't complain about my stay	If you can get this at a good rate (good for London) it's a good hotel. Great location and rooms are nice, but small. If like us you are in London for a weekend of sight seeing, shopping, eating etc. then you won't be spending much time in the hotel and room size may not bother you (it didn't bother ius at all). If you're there on business and spening some time in the rooms it may get a bit much.The rooms are clean, basic, nicely decorated and bathrooms are similar. Check-in took an age which got farcial after a while but all in all I would stay again if I could get a good price.	
Aug 4 2008 	Ok if you get a good rate and don't stay too long	A great location for shopping, but the hotel - although quite nice looking in itself - does face some ugly loading bays opposite (not a good first impression) and seems to back straight onto a building site. So don't stay here if you're coming with someone you want to impress!I had a single room - the first one I was given was ground floor and looks onto a funny sort of &quot;pit&quot; . Hard to describe but the tiny shabby high-walled courtyard outside the window makes the room feel like it's at the bottom of a brick well. Anyway, it therefore had no mobile phone reception and I needed to take calls so I moved rooms. They did that for me with no problem. That room was also boiling hot.The next room I got was directly above the last ie: at the top of the &quot;brick well&quot;. So instead of facing a wall it faced the building site next door. The site is so close it's like they're constructing a new building attached to the hotel (maybe they are?). If I had wanted I could actually have jumped from the platform outside my window straight onto the site next door. In that room you wouldn't be able to have the blind open at all unless you're an exhibitionist and have a thing for contruction workers! And yes, they do start work early so the noise will wake you up if you're hoping to sleep in. On the plus side: the room was clean and well cared for, the bed itself was more like a double even though it was apparently a single room, the (tiny) bathroom was nice and had a good shower and either there were no guests next door or the rooms are well soundproofed. Also the staff I met were friendly and helpful.I am quite satisfied with my stay but only because it was just £62 (as a Top Secret Hotel with Lastminute.com) which is great for a central London hotel, and because I only used it as a pitstop for 1 night. For a longer stay, the size of the room and the other issues would be a big big problem.	
Jul 20 2008 	Doesn't live up to the grand name	The best thing that can be said about this hotel is that it is well-located just a credit card's throw from Oxford Street, so ideal for shoppers. Room was small, and we had a problem with the key cards every time we tried to use them, so we saw a lot of the reception staff, which included a friendly and helpful man and a rather less helpful woman. If your room is at the back of the hotel, as ours was, you'll be woken at 8am prompt every morning by work on the construction site immediately behind the hotel - and those power tools are VERY loud! We didn't eat or drink in the hotel - I recommend Marylebone High Street for breakfast, and St Christopher Place for lunch and dinner.	
Jun 25 2008 	Not for people with Claustrophobia....................	I got a single &quot;room&quot; which I would classify as a closet. The view from the window was into a wall. Tried to change the &quot;room&quot; - this was very difficult..until we mentioned that we would report it back to our company and warn them about using this hotel.. then suddenly he needed just a couple of minutes to check. The next room was not too bad apart from the spider webs that was hanging from the ceiling over the bed and the window that was not possible to close............ I fortunately only had to stay a night.	
Jun 24 2008 	Nice but small	Popped down to London for the weekend to see a show and stayed here. It's a ideal location for shopping on Oxford Street and not too far to walk for the West End shows.Luckily we was upgraded to a king-size room upon arrival because otherwise it would of been a bit cramped! We had a top floor room which had low ceilings so if you're tall you're gonna struggle not to bang your head! lolThe only other problem with the hotel was the price of a continental breakfast - £17.50 each!!! I know its central London but I do think thats a tad too dear!!	
Jun 12 2008 	Not luxury but a good modest hotel if you can get a good price.	Booked through Lastminute.com and their Top Secret Hotels initiative so got a good price per night. It was in a handy location in Marble Arch as we needed to be close to the Jubilee line and the tube station was just round the corner. Marble Arch is not a hive of activity, but most places are within throwing distance.The room was SMALL! but what do you expect in Central London, it's hard enough to find a contemporary, clean hotel in a safe, handy, and accessible place for a descent price...as long as you're not planning to hang out all day and night in there then who cares. The bathroom was nice too. Staff were helpful, if a little distant.I would only pay up to £100 for a room there to be honest, but although it's not luxury, it's a well-presented, modest hotel which is great to have in your back pocket if the price is right.	
Jun 5 2008	Nice Tiny hotel	I have stayed for 4 nights in a single room from 21-25 MayLocation is amazing specially for people who likes to shop all day just 10 steps from oxford street Staff are friendly and helpful Hotels was too small more than u can imagine but the modern furnitureand clean of the hotels makes it OK for me I was staying in the fourth floor in single room with was like a prison room very very very small you canâ€™t move all you have to do is sleep then go out I asked the reception to show me the double room which was amazingthatâ€™s why I will return back again for the double room AC is very bad Bathroom is very small but it was ok I recommend this hotel for the double room only.	
May 13 2008 	Worst Radissson I've stayed in	Hotel looks nice in the public areas, but as for the rooms- terrible. First they queried that I had booked for 2 nights-but then realised. They gave me the smallest, most awkward room I have ever been in, there wasn't even room for a chair! The mattress was so old, it was lumpy and had no springs left, the bedspread was shabby and also had seen better days. The keycard did not work, and I was told that they would fix it. I went out and came back after an hour to find the room wide open and someone working on the door. All my stuff was in the room and I was not happy to leave it. I went downstairs to ask if I could change rooms. They changed me to a better room, but it was above all the airconditioning units so it was very noisy- and all night,too.On checking out, I had been charged for several items from the minibar that I had not had.Reception staff had ordered me a taxi the night before I left, but when I went to check out they apparantely called me another one-not realising that it had already been done. I had been told that I could put the charge on my bill, but was then led to believe that this was difficult. Obviously there is no communication between staff on different shifts! What can I say that was good? The position, definitely. But is this an excuse to treat customers so shabbily?? The staff were mostly friendly- apart from the girl on reception when I left, who was curt and almost rude- and could do with a lesson in customer relations. Even just a smile would have helped.	
Apr 2 2008 	Business hotel - convenient location	We stayed here for 5 nights in late February 2008. The first room we were given can only be described as bizarre.... the door opened onto a landing (with a bathroom and a wardrobe... then there were about 7 steps in an 'L' shape down to a bedroom that had one chair and a low coffee table. We dumped our bags and went to the hotel restaurant for dinner (very dark and cold with neon lights, average quality plain food, and inattentive staff!... not what we really wanted!). We went back to the room and tried to work out where my husband (who was travelling on business) would connect his laptop / spread out papers etc... then looking in the compendium we read that there were 'special business rooms' available upon request - that had a desk! So we rang reception and asked to be moved. A very helpful lady came and helped us move as we'd already unpacked suits and shirts into the wardrobe.The second room we had was fine. Much larger space, tiny bathroom, great TV, tiny window (that did get some sunshine - so that was nice! ) Had a large desk, good desk chair, little landing near a window with 2 chairs and a coffee table.Breakfast was fine - nothing special - but very reasonable and adequate.Great location for Oxford St shopping and Marble Arch tube station, access to parks for walks excellent and lots of cafes close by.Reception staff generally helpful. Business center was the best I came across on this trip - free unlimited internet and printing. 3 computers in a safe, secure mezanine level above reception.Request the business rooms and you'll have a bigger room!	
Mar 31 2008 	What a Hotel - which way do you take that	Excellent location. Check in was good and that was it. The lift was small old and creeky and while going down in the evening there were some nervous people in it and rightly so. The card access system for going down is really a no no. The passage was so small the walking sideways could be considered and if your 6.2 or more I suggest you might need to renew your crawling skills. The single room was a miniature (like miniature cup cakes) and the bathrooms was so small. Some audacity to sell these as single rooms. I could think of many vehicles that wouldn't fit into the room. Booked for eight nights and ran after one. Would not like to return here under most circumstances. Free internet worked well. Did not wish to take pictures as that would mean opening my carry on luggage in addition to my hold luggage for which there was no space. Tiny rooms with drab colors and a ok toilet. Potential for a gem with the locational advantage but no capitalization.	
Mar 25 2008 	Radisson Sussex rooms are small!	The hotel is well positioned just off Oxford Street.The standard rooms are tiny though! There was about a foot of space to walk through at the end of the bed, so there was no getting to the bathroom in the middle of the night without wakening up my loved one by clambering all over her, she didnt mind!!! Apart from the size the room it was nicley decorated and very clean and the bathroom was about the same size as the bedroom and also very nice.The breakfast was to honest a shambles, no tables ready and hardly any of the hot food avaliable as promised on the menu, this was NOT the staff on duties fault as they seemed to be under staffed and over worked. All hotel staff were very nice, helpful and polite. Do not pay £16 for breakfast as its not worth it!	
Mar 19 2008	Don't do it	Don't do it. How this hotel managed to achieve a four star rating is beyond me. My partner and I had the misfortune to be placed in room 113, this should read 56.5 as it is the smallest hotel room I have ever experienced. Dark, noisy, immovable windows and the room vibrated constantly due the the over active air conditioning. We found an ironing board in the only cupboard, the irony being that the room is too small to make use of it. I could never recommend this hotel, even the toilettries were unappealing, the towels were nice though.	
Mar 14 2008 	A Great Place!	We have been to this hotel several times, and it is our preferred hotel in London.First of all, the staff really does everything to make your stay pleasant. The hotel itself is very fresh and was renovated a few years ago. The rooms offers nice beds and designer TV from Bang &amp; Olufsen. Cleaning is also very good, you feel like staing in a very clean and fresh hotel.The rooms, however can be bit of a gamble. During our previous stays we have had nice and spacious rooms, but last time we stayed there, we got the smallest hotel room I have ever seen! It was just big enough for the bed (But no air around the bed) and a small isle to move to and from the bed! We complainted, and for 20 Pound extra we were upgraded to a better category, but however, check with the hotel not to get the &quot;Closet-room&quot;London standards are generally very poor, old and 70's, but this hotel is something different.Ask the hotel if you have anything, they will always go very far for you to help (One time they called around to find a specific restaurant for us in SOHO for half an hour)	
Feb 17 2008 	Great Central Location	Having stayed at the excellent 5* Mayfair, another Radisson Edwardian in London, I was nervous that this hotel wouldn't live up to the same standard. All I can say is, I was wrong to be worried.Although smaller and only a 4* hotel, the service was fantastic, the breakfast truly hearty and the welcome warm.The room was a little smaller here than those we have occupied when staying at the Mayfair but was no less comfortable. The bed was a job to sleep in.If there was any complaint at all, it was the heating. The room was freezing upon arrival. The single glazing , a particularly cold and fresh February day and the fact that a window had been left ajar by the housekeeping staff didn't help.The room soon warmed up with the air conditioning switched on but it was a bit difficult to reach a comfortable medium as it became virtually a sauna during the night. Otherwise, a perfect location spitting distance from Oxford Street and staff who were totally accommodating to my request for an early check in and a later check out made this a hotel I would certainly visit again	
Feb 10 2008 	A good hotel bit on the pricey side	My cousin and I stayed here for one night. Considering we are from North America, the hotel price was a bit high when we translated everything back to our Canadian dollars.Our room was very simple, two twin beds but I appreciated the nice Bang &amp; Olufsen tv and the Molten Brown toiletries. The decor of the room and hotel in general was very modern and tastefully done. I do agree with some reviewers that some people would find the hotel room on the small cozy side. But I myself, being a small person did not feel that it was an issue.	
Jan 27 2008 	Small room - major problem	Like others, I think this is the smallest room I have ever stayed in. It was poky for one and, presumably, a nightmare if there were two of you. The shower is also small and, whilst I didnt have any real problems with it, &quot;people of substance&quot; would have - they may find it impossible to get in and close the folding door.Other than that, the place is fine. Good location just off Oxford Street and a couple of minutes walk to Marble Arch underground. Check-in was efficient. No problem with noise. Room is well-equipped and bed is comfy (although I found the duvet to be too heavy and warm). Breakfast is, as expected in central London, expensive at £16.50 but was a reasonable &quot;full English&quot;. I'd booked through Expedia at about £100 per night, which is not bad and which is why I might return.	
Dec 4 2007 	Over priced broom cupboards....	Booked by Expotel for work - have stayed in other Radisson Edwardians, and came here because the Berkshire - the first suggestion - has small rooms. Was first put in a room that stank of smoke, and am now in a broom cupboard for £150. The bed is 3/4 size, pushed against the wall and I can touch both walls (and I'm a not particularly tall woman). No bath only a shower, tiny sink and from the towels, they seem to think that two people could stay here - remarkable. You can't get hot breakfast on room service, not that there is anywhere to put it. Am looking out between two walls no more than 8 feet apart onto a building site. Horrible, horrible place. Never again.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great service very disappointing room	I stayed at the Sussex for 1 night on 26th Nov and booked a single room at a reduced Government rate of £115 plus VAT (about £135 in total). They didn't ask to see any proof of my government employee status so I guess anyone could book this rate!??Having stayed at other Radissons in London I was expecting a good standard of room and service. The service was great, very quick check-in with an efficient receptionist who tried to resolve my problems quickly when they arose. I was allocated room 114 and was gobsmacked when I opened the door to find possibly the smallest room I have ever seen. The bedroom area was around 10ft by 6ft and the bathroom was even smaller. There was a window, however this was completely glazed to hide the generator behind it making an awful lot of noise.I obviously asked to be moved and was told that the only other single room available was on a smoking floor. I took this room and it was marginally better. The aircon until was directly above the bed and made quite a lot of noise even when switched off. The lights seemed to be on different circuts and couldn't be switched off from the side of the bed if orignally switched on at the door. I would echo the other reviewers comments about the noise levels in the street outside. In London you expect some degree of traffic noise but this was much more than normal. The windows were single glazed so didn't help much and the building site across the road started work at about 6.30am (it's not a short term building project either, they are contructing a whole building from scratch right next door!) despite the receptionist assuring me they wouldn't start until 9am when I questioned it.On the plus sides the shower was very good, there was a large flat screen tv and an iron in the room. Overall, very disappointing and I will be avoiding in future. There are much nicer Radisson's in London. The one a little further along the Centra Line on Tottenham Court Road being a good example.	
Oct 22 2007 	Great for a short stay	If you're looking for a good quality overnight stop, somewhere convenient for the West End, then this is a good option. I booked to stay over on a Staurday night through lastminute and it proved to be the perfect pit-stop between shopping and going out, and the flexible check-out was welcome, the morning after!Yes, the rooms are fairly small but they are lovely, and unless you're planning an evening in with room-service then they're all the main things you'd expect - clean, comfortable, stylish and secure. Staff were lovely.One small gripe - the mini bar prices are outrageous, even by hotel standards and there's no complementary water, so bring it with you!	
Oct 21 2007	terrible	we were given a choice of two rooms, both on the street side. noise from trucks and cars racing through there all night kept us up. management said nothing else available for the three days there. pure hell. never again, no matter the price.	
Sep 28 2007 	Good Service but very much over-priced	I stayed in the Radisson Sussex a couple of weeks ago, it is directly behind a huge marks &amp; spencers store, with 4 lorry loading docks in front of the hotel. The service was excellent, whatever i requested it was done. The room i booked was a deluxe room, it had everything in it but it was very small &amp; cramped. It says you get free internet access but this is actually £9.95 per day. The one major probelm i had was the noise factor, from early morning &amp; i mean from 5.30am onwards, the noise from trucks outside your window is unbelieveable, it is a nice hotel but with the loading docks on front of the hotel, i would stay clear of it from now on. It also cost£260 per night, thats 375euro per night. Overall the service is excellent, the rooms small &amp; the noise out of this world.	
Aug 4 2007 	Perfect spot for our London trip	We highly recommend this hotel, great location to shopping and the tube (very short walk). We appreciated the air conditioning and wireless Internet. We are Radisson memebrs and were agreed this hotel was typical of the brand. Our room was on the small side like most European hotels and the bathroom was small but we expected this going in. We also knew we'd spend little time in the room. We were extremely comfortable though. My husband was not a fan of the body wash so we ran to Lush for soap. That was the worst of our stay here. Coffee places were a couple blocks' walk, a good way to start our days. The price was right for the location, very close to Marble Arch. We were to the Tube in 5 mins. walk and then to Piccadilly Circus for nightlife in 5 more minutes. I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 11 2007 	Good hotel - advice from a regular	After reading a lot of the reviews about this hotel I thought I'd write one to help those of you out that haven't stayed here before. I stay here 2 or 3 times a month for work.The rooms are generally very small. But they are not all small, some of them are roomy. Ask for a roomy room or a room with a computer desk.Ask for a quiet room at the back of the hotel. These are really quiet.Personally I find the staff are great and have a good understanding of English, but may be they have different staff at the weekend?Positives:-The whole hotel is really well furnished, very modern and clean. Free shoe polishing over night.The aircon in the rooms works really well and each room has free wireless internet and a nice B&amp;O TV. Beds are excellent. Food in the restaurant is very good too but pricey. If you just want a small bite go to the Selfridges food hall which is a stones throw away.Fantastic location for shopping etc and the West End.Negatives:-Only one lift and it seems to be the slowest lift in London. Use the stairs!Very petty this but I always take a bar of soap because they only have dispensing hair and body wash in the rooms. Its very nice bodywash but I like to wash my face with a bar of soap! (told you it was petty!).Hope the advice helps you.	
Jun 11 2007 	good clean hotel with central location	Stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Sussex Hotel for one night whilst in London celebrating our 7th wedding anniversary.We arrived in London late morning and went to the hotel just to drop the bag off before going out and about. The reception staff were ever so helpful and said if we waited a minute she'd see if our room was actually ready, which it was at 11am.I'd booked through lastminute.com, yes the rooms and bathrooms are not huge, (I have had smaller in London hotels that have cost me more , but it's an old building what do you expect) I could see if you are on the larger side of say an English 20 you might have a squeeze in the bathroom, I'm a 16. The hotel decor is modern/chic, the rooms and hotel generally were very clean. We had a room overlooking the front of the hotel and were not disturbed by any noise. I can't comment on breakfast as we ate late the night before so gave it a mis and just got a coffee out and about.The hotel location is good for shopping at the Marble Arch end of Oxford Street, one street back. In fact Marble Arch is the nearest Tube stop not Bond street as it states on the Radisson web site.I would defiantly consider staying here next time I'm in London.	
Mar 18 2007 	Good for the price and location	Pros:Booked this hotel through lastminute as one of those top secret deals for only £75 which is truly excellent when this hotel is right in the heart of the city. We pretty much had Selfridges on our doorstep and a whole host of other brilliant shopping. Plus it only took us 20 minutes to walk to Her Majestys theatre where we were seeing the phantom.On arrival we found the reception staff really friendly and helpful and we were able to check in early and quickly. We were also able to leave our car in a nearby carpark for 24 hours at a cost of only £20 (reduced from £31) which is pretty good for the centre of London.The decor of the rooms and the hotel is lovely, modern and neutral with some great features in the rooms such as flat screen TVs and really comfortable beds. Adequate size bathroom and plently of pillows and towels. Tea and coffee is provided as well as a mini-bar, ironing board, iron, safe, hairdryer, handwash, shampoo and body wash.Cons: The rooms are small, although they offered us a very cheap upgarde to a deluxe room on arrival...which may be preferable for some. BUT having a small rooom is not a biggy if your just staying here for a night or two and your not going to spend a lot of time in the room. We had a room at the end of a corridor and these do appear to be a bit bigger (compared to our friends further down the corridor). Overall, this hotel is a great choice, if you are on a budget but want to be in the centre and stay somewhere that you know will be clean, trendy and comfortable.	
Feb 27 2007	Money not so well spent	16 of us arrived at the hotel on Friday for a 2 night stay. The rooms are so small, barely 1 foot between the 2 beds, and the same at the end of the bed and also the ceilings are so low that I couldn't even brush my hair without touching it (I'm 5'11&quot;)!! The coridoors were like Alice in Wonderland, they seems to shrink in on you &amp; the stairs were leaning forward as well as being different heights!!!We did find the staff very helpful, however when we complained about the rm size the manager was very dismissive and told us what did we expect, we were on Oxford Street!!Also, the price of food/drink in the hotel was extortionate. Just walking around the corner we were fed &amp; watered for a fraction of the cost.My final thought on this hotel is that for the price we paid when we got back from a night out, there was no residents bar available to us &amp; room service (food only) was a ridiculous price. All in all alot of money spent, but not alot to show for it :(	
Feb 26 2007	Worst hotel I ever stayed in	Having stayed in the Radisson Edwardian Sussex hotel last weekend I have to say I would never want to stay in any Radisson ever again!!The rooms were tiny (and that's being generous!!), the service was awful and the staff were rude!! We went for a hens wknd and, with 16 of us staying there, not one of us were happy with the hotel. We decided to pay the extra to stay in a 4 star hotel as it was for a hens party and thought it would be nice to indulge but I would have been more comfortable in a hostel...and probably had more room!!On leaving the hotel the staff misplaced one of my bags and then expect me to pay to have it returned to me. Having spoken to the manager and not being pleased with his attitude I am currently trying to get in contact with the area manager.	
Feb 11 2007 	good experience	Arrived on friday for 2 nights.Was very surprised to see the street of the hotel, VERY shabby back of Marks and Spencer facing the entrance.But the hotel is smart and the staff is very good.Got a corner room facing the front.Very smart room with Bang and Olufsen tv :)Was a bit worried that the noise of the lorries bringing stuff to Marks and Spencer would keep us awake.The staff responded very Quickly and showed me other rooms but they were not as nice. The noise was no bother at all, we did not hear anything at all.The location is great ! A minute to walk to Oxford street.	
Jan 30 2007 	Mixed experience	I have stayed here a number of times over the last year. It has never been my first choice but has been a good backup. The hotel to be honest is a bit of a mixed bag. In this review I will try to present the positives and negatives:1. If you want to be near Oxford Street, it is a great location only one block north and not too far from Bond Street tube.2. The rooms are nicely furnished and are in decent condition (Jan 2007).3. The inside of the hotel is smart.4. The breakfast is absolutely top quality for a buffet and the serving staff are really friendly.On the negative side:1. The street it is in is shabby. The hotel faces the loading bays of Marks &amp; Spencer (a large department store) and therefore it is like staying on an industrial estate with lorries and loading bays everywhere you look.2. There is a lot of loading and unloading by the department store in the middle of the night and the rooms are as a result very noisy. This doesn't affect me but my wife can't sleep.3. There is only one lift for the whole hotel.4. Some of the rooms are split level and very very very dark with no view other than a wall in front of you.If there is no-where to stay that is better and the rate is good I tend to stay here nonetheless.	
Jan 9 2007 	pleasant surprise	We spent 4 nights in London with my girlfriend and chose the radisson sussex because of a good location and decent price. last time we were there we stayed at MyHotel Bloomsbury, which in comparison seemed ridicilously overpriced with a poorer location and £100 more expensive room.The location was very good, close to Bond St station and another tube station and of course close to selfridges and other places of interested. our deluxe room was decent in size (considering its London) and cozy. Our rate included breakfast which was good.Really nothing to complain about, everything went as it should and we a had a great stay, will definately consider the hotel next time and suggest it to anyone.	
Jan 5 2007 	Small yet satisfying	I booked this hotel on Lastminute secret hotels as a Xmas present for my boyfriend. I had read some of the reviews and became a little worried, but after visiting the hotel was pleasantly surprised! To give a more accurate review I will bulletpoint the good and bad aspects of the hotel.Good Points1. Speedy check in - very friendly and helpful staff2. Lovely room (we stayed in a double deluxe) - resembled a small apartment with two floors, the bedroom being on the lower floor.3. Room service - after a long trip we were pretty hungry so ordered 2 burgers from the lunch menu which were delicious and very filling4. The surrounding area is great - selfridges is a 1 min walk away and the nearest tube is Bond Street located inbetween all of the other great shops!5. We had a few drinks at the bar at night and found the service to be speedy and friendly. We were even given complimentary snacks to nibble on.6.The decor in the hotel is fantastic! Very chic and modern.7. Maid service was thourough and everyday - very friendly ladies too!Bad points1. Most of the staff at the hotel do not speak very good english, so you do have to be quite patient - but we didn't mind2.The rooms are very small, but do the job! If you are planning to stay in your room for the duration of your stay this is not the hotel for you.3.Room service and the bar was expensive - but it is what to expect when in London!I hope this review is of some help. I found the hotel to be overall a good choice and I am pleased I stayed here.Enjoy your trip!	
Sep 5 2006 	compact 	Hotel was booked for us for a one night stay by a friend. Having read reviews decided to take minimal luggage!! Good decision as the room was possibly the smallest I have ever stayed in. Good accessories - B&amp;O Tv, keyboard, ironing board and iron and Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries, good towels, good linen. But too much clutter which, in a small room, makes it feel even more claustrophobic. Velour/fur fabric throws, bolsters, cushions...too much - in the morning we could not move for stuff on the floor!Staff friendly but could not understand the reception staff who had really poor command of English...multinnat. staff needed in London hotels but they need to be able to speak English also!Conclusion - ideal business hotel for 1 person, very clean and great bathroom &quot;pod&quot; but NOT for tourists or leisure stay. Try the Berkshire round the corner instead!	
Jul 4 2006	may be small but it is central	We stayed at the Raddisson Edwardian Sussex for 2 nights at the beginning of July 2006. After reading some reviews I was beginning to question my choice of hotel. I would agree with other comments regarding room size, very small. However the rooms are well furnished (OK, it doesn't take much to fill the space!) including excellent B&amp;O televisions. Public areas are also very well finished. Staff are among the most friendly and helpful I have found in Central London.This hotels greatest strength is its fantastic location just off Oxford Street. This, together with cost, was our main reason for choosing this hotel. We were in town to see Roger Waters, The Who etc at Hyde Park. Within 10 minutes walk we were in Hyde Park. For those who like a bit of shopping, the hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Selfridges.In summary I would say this is a great hotel for anyone looking for stylish accomodation in (VERY) Central London. If you like to spend a lot of time in your hotel room (WHY would anyone want to travel in order to sit in their room?) this is not the place for you.	
May 9 2006 	Bad room - ok service	The rooms were, as have already been noted in other reviews, a great dissapointment. The drainage in the shower were blocked, the shower head broken and there were a lot of noise from construction work. The service and breakfast ok.	
Feb 12 2006 	Break from the Norm	Having stayed at Radissons around Europe and been quite impressed, I was looking forward to staying at this one and I wasn't disappointed.Although it was fairly hard to find being tucked away in a side street at the back of Oxford Street, the tasteful and unique decor gave the hotel a welcoming air.I must have been lucky with the room allocation as I was in 302 which was on the corner and benefitted from a bit of extra space judging by other reviews. The room was nicely decorated in warm fabrics and colours and the bathroom was well equipped, spotless although it was tiny.The breakfast was good and the staff very friendly and efficient. Equally so the bar staff and the atmosphere in the restaurant/bar was just as tastefully decorated which set it apart from the usual 4 start hotel bars.Check-in and out was prompt and genuinely friendly, the receptionist even remembered my name when I checked out after just one night.The location is ideal for Oxford Street, Marble Arch and Hyde Park and although it is situated at the back of Marks and Spencers, the early morning deliveries didn't disturb my sleep. Hard to disturb anyway with such comfy pillows!All in all, a refreshing break from the normal soulless hotel chains and I will be staying there again when I am up West.	
Jan 19 2006	Small modern Hotel	Convenient, small, modern hotel just off Oxford Street. Guy on reception desk was quite difficult to understand but that aside, our party of 6 (3 x double rooms)were checked in quite quickly. Rooms were smallish but not as bad as I had prepared myself for reading other reviews (maybe we were lucky). Decor modern and bed &amp; pillows very comfortable. Pillows were that comfy that I actually took off the pillow case to check the make to find that it actually looked brand new (ie no stains etc)what a relief! Lots of up to date 'electronics' ie Bang &amp; Olufsen TV, electronic 'do not disturb/clean room' system, electronic monitoring of mini bar (careful if you are 'just looking') and all the usual hairdryer, teamaking etc. Bar served drinks until 1am. Check out was simple and hassle free. All in all I would say that the charge they made for the room was very reasonable for a clean, modern, central London hotel and I would recommend it, especially if you only wanted a room for the night or to use as a base. Additionaly you can purchase alot of the items that you have in your room ie pictures, cushions, throws etc - at a (high)price of course.	
Dec 14 2005	Modern hotel but was that a cupboard or a room...?	Stayed here for one night. Whilst check-in was very professional when I got to my room I was disappoined to see it was a single room.Whilst the room was smart and clean with fairly modern fittings it was absolutely tiny, a maximum 8.5 feet (2.5m) long and less than 5 feet (1.5m) wide. If you suffer from claustrophobia you would not like this hotel. Before it was converted into a hotel I suspect this room may even have been a storage cupboard.The room had no storage, not even space for an overnight bag, aside from a hanging rail which had space for only three hangers on it whilst the bathroom was equally tiny with no space even for a toilet bag.When I complained, the hotel said that they were full and could not offer me a change. I checked with my company, who had booked me a standard room which somehow was translated into a single room. A game of buck-passing then ensued with the hotel saying it was a single room that had been booked depite never having had a single room booked for me by my company in years of travelling before, a policy always to book a double room and a confirmation which did not mention a single room. In fairness, later that evening I was eventually offered the chance to switch to another hotel, but by that time I had already had to leave for a function.At check out the hotel staff acknowledged that some of their single rooms are &quot;on the small side&quot;....	
Nov 27 2005	Stylish lovely hotel rooms a little small!	We have just returned from a night's stay and thoroughly enjoyed it. The staff were extremely friendly and allowed us to book in early. The room was on the 4th floor and very stylish with a B and O sound/tv system and free internet access. The decor was really nice with the only downside being its size (a little compact!!!!) and slight early morning rumble of lorries underloading outside (the hotel is opposite shop loading bays).Despite this, our overall impression was great with a superb location for shopping, being near Selfridges and running parallel with Oxford Street.Would definitely recommend. Good value on 'Last minute'.	
Nov 6 2005	Could do better...	A mixed bag this one - tiny, awkward rooms, but a very comfy bed. Spotlessly clean hotel, but indifferent staff, most of whom had trouble understanding basic English (surely not because of my Scottish brogue?). Well located for shopping, just off Oxford Street, however the front of the hotel faces onto loading bays for department stores. Our ground floor room meant we were woken by reversing delivery vehicles.	
Sep 4 2005	Cramped hotel with unfriendly staff...	The good parts of the hotel are easy to get quickly past...A great locationGood menu in the restaurantComfortable beds and fairly good, clean state of decor.However - Most rooms are tiny.. You will have to climb over one another if there are more than one persons in most rooms. In the first room we were given you couldn't even walk around the bed. There was no room for a chair or any luggage storage in the room. Though the second room we got was bigger it had a very low ceiling and windows and was a smoking room. There are no rooms in this hotel with views worth a second look. Unless you like extractor fans, storage and delivery areas to the local shops. You will not be able to turn round in the bathroom and will have to step out completely to dry off.The staff were unhelpful and very good at shrugging their shoulders. We heard several people complain about different matters from the room size to incorrect bills at reception. Personally we booked a taxi to take us to a wedding. The hotel forgot to arrange it and never apologised. Then instead of saying can we get one now for you the quote from reception was &quot;I don't deal with taxis&quot;! A small moan I know but the attitude carried through every time you spoke to any staff member.I can not reccomend this hotel.	
Aug 4 2005	A Kingsize room??? Don't think so comfortable but cramped	Was very disappointed with the size of the room especially when we'd taken the trouble of booking a 'larger' one. Most definately could not have the blinds open (especially whilst getting ready for dinner) as overlooked by a busy office, this was annoying as had to spend most of the time with them closed and that along with the 'dim' lighting wasn't really ideal, I understand one doesn't visit London to be sat in a hotel room but an afternoon read whilst resting on the bed is not 'unheard' of, yet felt somewhat intimidated by the overlooking (what appeared to be an 'all male') office. The hotel I'm sure could've invested in some type of fine silk/nylon curtains in order to have one's privacy restored. The bed was very comfortable however, and there was little noise, though some late building work. The width of the corridors was tiny.	
Mar 30 2005	Modern hotel 	After checking out lots of hotels on trip advisor, I decided to try the Sussex for my easter weekend in London, even after reading some of the negative opinions on here!It was definately worth it, I booked it through last minute it's one of their top secret hotels, but it was pretty obvious from the photo which hotel it was. The location is fantastic, it's one block past Selfridges at Marble Arch, so if you love the shops then this hotel is ideal. I was greeted at Reception by a very competent &amp; pleasant receptionist who gave me all the info I needed and checked me into my room without any hassle at all. The room itself was very pleasant, modern decor and very comfortable furniture. The bed was so comfy, probably the best i've ever slept in, in any of the hotels i've stayed in, and thats quite a lot! The bathroom was extremely clean, although small it was fine for a weekend break. The shower was powerful and good for refreshing you before and after a long day!The bar is very modern and trendy and a pleasure to sit and have a drink in.The only one gripe I have is the price of the drinks in the minibar, but then again when in London, you expect to pay expensive prices!All in all we had a very pleasant time in London, and the hotel was definately the right choice!	
Feb 1 2005	Small...but ok	Nice clean modern hotel with friendly staff, within walking distance to Hyde Park and Central London. But....our room was just too small.I've never stayed in a hotel room so small before where the width of the room was only about half a meter wider than our double bed. However our room was clean and modern. Apparently there are slightly larger rooms on other floors but I didn't find out until the last day.Gym, well there is only a jogging machine, a cross trainer and a bike in there. Possibly the smallest gym I've ever seen too. But then I suppose you don't stay in London to use the gym or do you? I think I would stay here again if it was only for 2 nights (because of the location), any longer then I will stay somewhere else with BIGGER rooms.	
Jan 31 2005	0 Stars for the room 5 stars for service	I visited London last weekend and had booked a room on lastminute at the radisson sussex. I have stayed in most of the Radisson properties in Ireland so I was expecting a certain standard of accomodation. We arrived late the first night and went up to our room-I was astonished at the size of the room. The bed was pushed up against the wall and it was at best a squeeze to get in the other side. There was no chair/table in the room-there was barely enough space for our bags (thankfully we were traveling light!) The furniture that was there i.e. the bed and a narrow locker on one side, had seen plenty of action, it was quite shabby.I have never complained about accomodation before, but I was so disappointed with the hotel that I felt I should say something. I was particularly wary considering we had gotten a special rate online. The following morning I went down to reception and told the receptionist how disappointed I was. She immediately made a phone call, told me there were no larger rooms in the Sussex but that we could be accomodated in the Berkshire. A car arrived to drive us down and we were upgraded to a king room, which was beautiful and very spacious. I was really impressed with the service we received, and would certainly stay with Radisson again as a result. The standard double room that we were booked into in the Sussex could not reasonably be expected to accomodate two people, especially if you have more than hand luggage. I do think the hotel are pushing their luck expecting guests to climb out over each other to get out of bed!	
Dec 12 2004 	One of the better boutique hotels	The Sussex is definitely one of the better - or best - boutique hotels I've stayed in. The location is very handy for the West End, although the view consists of the loading bay for a supermarket, so don't spend time looking out of the window.The reception staff were the friendliest and most helpful I've ever encountered in Europe. Don't be put off by the narrow grey corridors, the rooms are large (and grey) and not bad at all. As with most 'boutiques', they've taken a tatty hotel and thrown some garish paint, funky lighting, new bathroom fittings and new beds in. The furnishings are tired, and the bathroom was the smallest I've ever encountered outside of an aircraft. But the room was overall very pleasant, and the bed was the *MOST* comfortable I've ever had in an hotel.I'll definitely stay there again.(Stayed December 2004)	
Aug 16 2004	A Pleasure	A friend and I stayed in the Sussex Hotel for one night, Friday 13th August 04. We were there for 2 days shopping so the location of this Hotel, just off Oxford Street, was perfect. A gentle stroll and your retail experience had begun.The hotel itself is low rise and victorian from the exterior. Infact this modern hotel has been created from 5 or 6 rather splendid houses. Due to this the corridors leading to the bedrooms are narrow but beautifully decorated.The room had high ceilings, large windows, air con, iron &amp; ironing board, easy chairs, very modern TV and a beautiful bathroom with bath and shower. The rooms are certainly on the small side but very well decorated in a very modern stile (coffee &amp; cream walls, brown leather chairs, dark furniture, burnt orange &amp; cedar green scatter cushions).The staff were very welcoming from the minute we arrived. Breakfast was excellent. Only one minor word of warning. Get your own taxi! We asked the hotel to get us a taxi for a trip to the theatre and it cost £15 single (double the price of a London cab).Would certainly return to this hotel!!!!!	
Aug 10 2004	A Great Hotel		
Aug 8 2004	Mixed bag but still a stylish one		
Jul 4 2004	Brilliant Boutique		
Jun 30 2004	Small nice staff and vibrating room!		
Feb 22 2004	....but how do I get around the bed?		
Feb 18 2004	Cool Sussex		
Jan 6 2004	Wonderful Experience!		
Nov 30 2003	Suprisingly good hotel for cost		
Sep 29 2003	Very Dissapointing		
Oct 31 2002	To be avoided!!		
Sep 20 2009 	Confortevole hotel in strategica posizione		
Dec 9 2008 	Ruido!!! no olvide los tapones para dormir		
Apr 15 2008 	Schöne Lage Zimmer Durchschnitt		
