	super cool hotel	The Sanderson is one of the coolest hotels in London, great design / cool bar. A must go I would say....	
	Amazing hotel	Beautiful place, like it's sister hotel at St Martin's Lane, very hip, trendy and noisy! Perfect if it's the sort of thing you're looking for, which we were. Lovely food as well.	
Nov 22 2009 	Unique but a bit sterile.	This hotel had it's fun points: cool decor in lobby, good breakfast, hip style. However, some points that could be improved on:Evening noise from bar in lobby.Lack of privacy in bathroom.No walls in spa = noise from sitting room during massage. (Not cool.)Occasionally less than helpful staff at front desk. (Though mostly were fine.)I got this hotel as part of a charity auction. Paid a lot for it, but for a good cause. Wouldn't pay for this hotel rack rates - doesn't seem worth it. However, overall experience was satisfactory.	
Nov 20 2009 	Quirky and fun but expensive	I recently stayed at the Sanderson with my best friend on their Suka package in a deluxe room. I'd heard about the Sanderson from friends and had been recommended to try it. On pulling up outside the hotel it looked like a converted 60's or 70's office building but on entering the lobby it was very quirky with a lot of interesting decor items that added a fun ambience. We arrived just after noon and I thought I'd try my luck to check in and luckily a room was available. The check in guy was very helpful and even gave us an upgrade to a room with a treadmill - not so useful when I was on a girls week-end and the last thing on my mind was workng out - but it came in handy for flinging clothes over!After check in we flew up to our room (via the fun space lift) to drop our bags off and I was pleased with first impressions upon entering the room - again quirky and fun styling! I loved the big sleigh bed on an angle and the weird egg shaped footstool? is it a footstool?We headed off to shop and did not get back to the hotel until very late afternoon. We grabbed a nap and then got ready for the evening ahead. For two lady friends sharing the room all the amenities were perfect and we were both able to get ready without getting in each other's way - plenty of room to move about in the actual room plus in the bathroom and wardrobe area.Once ready we headed down to the long bar which was already packed at 7.30pm on a Saturday night. We had to wait several minutes to be served and I was not able to open a tab that could be transferred to the Suka restaurant where we were eating that evening. So we had to close the bar tab, open a new one in the restaurant then close that when we had finished eating and open a new one to have an after dinner drink back at the long bar - something I can perhaps understand for non residents who might abscond but a pain in the b*tt for a resident. Suka is about 10 feet from the long bar!Dinner in the Suka restaurant was OK - nothing fabulous and not anywhere I would rush back to given the price. We asked the server's advise on how many dishes we should order for 2 people and were advised 6 - 3 for starter and 3 for main plus 2 sides. Having not eaten there before we did not know the portion size so we went with the advice we had been given - it turned out to be far too much and we could have got by with 4 dishes in total without any sides. We had to leave 3 dishes completely untouched - a waste when we're talking nearly £10 a dish! Flavour and presentation wise the food was good but not great - hence my comment about not rushing back. I've had better meals at local Asian cuisine restaurants.After our meal we headed back to the bar which by now was heaving. I waited about 10 minutes to be served and had to work very hard to catch someone's eye to order a drink even though they did not appear to be rushed off their feet.The bar had a great atmosphere - lots of 'beautiful people' but none with attitudes.In summary the stay was fun but expensive - the Suka credit against the room rate was a godsend given the price of the meal and the food we did not eat. The overall cost was justifiable if you are splitting it with a friend but I would struggle to hand over my credit card for one night with my husband when we would take the hit together.The hotel is interesting, quirky and I would recommend to friends if they have deep pockets.	
Nov 14 2009 	Pleasant and Unique Hotel	This relatively small hotel is not what I would have chosen, as I typically enjoy brass and glass hotels. Nevertheless, I was quite impressed by the hotel. The staff is superb, the rooms are nothing short of immaculate, and contrary to some other comments, the hotel is rather quiet. Sheer curtains separated sections of my very large (even by American standards) room. Room service was promptly served. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for families with kids, but it's great for couples and business travelers.	
Nov 14 2009 	Appalling waste of time and money	I have signed up to Trip Advisor to warn you not to waste your time or money at this appalling establishment. An expensive mistake on my part to book a night away in London to celebrate a special occasion. The staff try there best however the poor, high handed management ruin their efforts. We had two experiences at the Suka restaurant which were bearable however room service was over prices and inedible. Unfortunately we were woken during the night by a fire alarm, there was complete lack of care and organisation for residents and the only member of staff that we saw during the experience stunk of a alcohol- thank goodness it seems it had only been a false alarm!	
Nov 9 2009 	best for cocktails not for accomodation	Great bar, not so great rooms-didnt eat there.We often go uptown from Kent to hit the better eating venues etc.We stay at the best hotels as it is our hobby.We have stayed at other hotels in this chain but found this room far too small and so noisey sleep was not possible	
Nov 7 2009 	The Price of Awkward Design	This was my second stay at the Sanderson. I had previously forgiven its hipster quirkiness since I love staying at cool &quot;design hotels&quot;. But this time...I found so many little annoyances, that it pretty much added up to one BIG feeling of frustration. I'm all for 'intentional imperfection&quot;, but the vanities and the artwork are askew enough to look like a mistake. I'm also a petite 5'2&quot; woman...and yet, I keep running into table corners, the glass partitions that are slightly too wide, and the bathroom doors that are slightly too narrow. I felt like Alice in Wonderland on a very mild acid trip. What's the point?If you are traveling for business, get ready to throw your computer out the window. The connection is so slow and craps out so often, that you're liable to lose all your work. (Which is why I've had to write this review 3 times!) I made several calls to the front desk, and just got the run-around and never got any help. I'm sorry, but in 2009, I have to dock any 5-star hotel for charging $15/day for wireless.The spa and the gym is lovely, however. For me, a spa freak, it is its saving grace. I was disappointed though that I have been denied my Eve Lom facial several times because they are always overbooked. So plan well in advance.Also, bring your own music and movies. I submitted a list of about 10 from their library, and got 3 of my least preferred back.Again, this is not a horrible hotel and it does have a trendy vibe. But by 5-star standards, it's a bit frustrating, especially when one compares to the impeccable service and attention in 5-stars in Asia. It reminds me a lot of the Soho Grand or Paramount in NY...where the hype keeps it alive.I would love this hotel to redeem itself to me!	
Nov 1 2009 	Exceeded My Expectations	I was somewhat apprehensive prior to arrival owing to the mixed reviews. However all aniexty was immediatly alleviated on arrival.My partner and I are both of Afro-Carribean descent and frequent many high end establishments whereby our presence, is often less then welcoming :-(This was the complete opposite with The Sanderson Staff. Infact they were extremely friendly and welcoming.The receptionist, was extremely patient and accomodating, as you are required to place a deposit (something i was not informed at the time of booking), we were able to pay cash, with the deposit paid with a debit card. We were not made to feel awkward. I believe the receptionist name name was Inja..(30/10 was the date , i am not sure if i remember her name correctly and its only fair that she receives due praise)Further we were upgraded to a Deluxe King (breakfast included) as it was my birthday. With which i was truly elated, I have never had anything like that happen to me before :=)Loved the lift and on entering room 404 i was suitably impressed. The huge sleigh bed, the super white, minimalist interior and the lcd large screen tv, where all immediately noticable.I must say the room was spotless, no dirt in sight, which is remarkable for an all white Decor.The bathroom i loved, its sexy and clean. Visible from the sleeping area if you use just the white curtain, but can be concealed with usage of both the pink and white curtain. Complimentary toilitries are provided, shower gel, shampoo and conditioner. (make sure you bring toothbrush &amp; toothpaste, thankfully we did). A bathrobe and slippers are also provided with compliments for the duration of the stay.I would give the room/bathroom a 9/10.The shower needs a shelf and the enclosed toilet would be perfect if it automatically freshened on the toilet flushing), the light switches are so far away once in the bed and a remote of some sort which controlled the lighting,temp and curtains would be much appreciated.Tea and coffee making facilities are much needed also. We ordered room service for tea and coffee, but we would have much preferred to make our own.Aside from that, it was a Friday night, both the long bar and purple bar were popping (slang for full and lively..lol), yet our room was sooo quiet, no transferrance of noise which was fantastic.We dined out, partner wanted a steak, on return the doorman remembered us and us greeted with a smile. The atmosphere was cool, alot of well dressed young trendy types. No pretension noticed, but then i wouldn't notice that as i am appreciative of a young gorgeous trendy and well dressed scene.My boyfriend loved it, we hung out in the Billiard room, the fellow guests were also mostly very friendly.Having had a good night sleep, in that divine bed, nice firm mattress and the pillows were just right. I woke up alot earlier then my partner. I decided to check out the AGua spa...woooow is all i can say. Its all white, with silver furnishings etc. The receptionist was lovely and she lead me to the steam room and dressing area. Plenty of water with fresh lemon slices,ice, magazines,iced flannels near the steam room to ensure that you can suitably relax in the environment. Great for a morning after a big night out. Very cleansing and detoxifying.We went down to breakfast, it was busy and the staff again was faultless. Very attentive and ensured that that we had eveything we need. Breakfast is held in the Suka resturant, which alongside the rest of the hotel has a fab decor.Check out was effortless, i was actually owed money, the receptionist offered to keep our bags behind the desk, if he were going to do more shopping.All in all we had a fabulous stay, we live in London, but it really is an Urban Retreat with a very cool, contemporary, liberal vibe to it. So it really is possible to have a mini break in your own city. We will be returning, but for longer then one night and i plan to use the Agua spa for days when i just need to get away from it all,	
Oct 29 2009 	Signed up..Just for this	Wanted a weekend away in Semptember and as family members had stayed previously I thought I would book the Sanderson. Really pleased I did and having read, but never used, this website before I felt the need to sign-up to post this review. Fantastic hotel, it's &quot;a little different&quot; in a very positive way, cool, chic, superb location and I spent the following few days telling everyone how different and cool it was - especially the lifts! Really enjoyed the stay, reasonably priced and will certainly be back on the next visit to London. I have had no hesitation in recommending to friends. Great hotel.	
Oct 17 2009 	.	A lavish &quot;Urban Spa&quot; in the heart of London’s West End, Sanderson offers a retreat from the bustle of the city into a world of fantasy and wellbeing. The landmarked 50s building has been transformed by Philippe Starck into a surreal Cocteau-like dream world, epitomizing a “new luxury” that is smart, pared down, and tempered with a healthy dose of wit and irony.	
Oct 15 2009 	Potentially great but let down by service	The good side of the Sanderson:We had high hopes of a stay to remember when arriving at the Sanderson for a short spa break and an afternoon at the Agua Spa got us off to a promising start; the team were fantastic and had us both de-stressed in no time! The room was stylishly minimal and some miracle worker manages to keep all of those white walls free from the usual scuff marks that even the best hotels gather over time. For the evening we had a quick drink in the Purple Bar (intimate but friendly) followed by an amazing dinner at Suka - great food in a relaxed atmosphere.The bad side of Sanderson:Unfortunately first impressions last and the check-in experience at the Sanderson left a lot to be desired. Having arrived at 1pm our room wasn't available until 5pm but instead of the basic courtesy that you'd get at the lowliest of b&amp;b's, we were left with the distinct impression that our desire for a room was an unwelcome intrusion into their primary role as uber-cool style icons. Happily this aloof attitude did not extend beyond the front desk but it sets the scene and subsequently being pleasantly surprised by good service can't be a good sign!Overall we'll most definitely be going back to the spa and to Suka but we'll be sleeping at a different hotel when we do.	
Oct 13 2009 	The Sanderson in London is Incredible.	From the incredibly stylish entrance, bar and cathedral with pool table to the chic and innovative choices and detail paid to the guest suites, the Sanderson in London by far is one of the most comfortable, convenient and hip properties I have encountered in my travels. The staff is friendly and dedicated to service - as I was stepping out of my black cab I was greeted by name, until my room was ready they took my luggage and sent me off to the spa on the 2nd floor. Room service within 20 minutes generally, and an in-suite bar selection you would expect from Morgans Group (Generous quantities of &quot;Top Shelf&quot; Liquors and Beers, Wines and aperitifs). My one tiny complaint is the Exclusive Hotel Guests Only Bar - &quot;Purple Bar&quot;, doesn't carry Jack Daniels, it's simply not fancy enough!While staying In London for 26 nights, it didn't take long for the Sanderson to become my home away from home. All I can say now is that I'm homesick for Sanderson!Bottom Line - It's a great destination that won't disappoint - Business &amp; Pleasure combined.	
Oct 13 2009 	A certain idea of Perfection	It was my second stay at the Sanderson and this time everything was perfect from the beginning to the end (since my last stay, the rooms are maybe a little bit &quot;tired&quot; but the new LCD screens are definitely a great touch, the concept is still refreshing and all the Staff was absolutely perfect and friendly from the beginning to the end - except the concierge that did not allowed us to make pictures in the lobby). I usually come severall times in london (about a week each time, for leisue puposes) and I usually let an apartment in the middle of SOHO. Our last stay at sandersons was so nice that, maybe, next time we could plan to stay there (even though it would be a more expensive &quot;option&quot;).The concept of the hotel is still perfect and you really are as in an &quot;urban retreat&quot;. The contrast between the public area and the room is very refreshing and it is a real place to unwind. The turn down service with the candel lighten and all the room modified takes a great part in that sensation.The locastion is very convenient and quiet.Whe had the chance to be upgraded (as former clients of the hotel) and it was a great touch. Moreover, breakfast was included in our rate and it was absoulutely perfect. Do not hesitate to try it. The cold part was very luxurious (real fresh fruit, luxury jam, absolutely amazing pastries) and the hot part was completly fitted to our requirement (you can order everything what you want, even in term of cooking).This night at the Sanderson was the last night of our holidays and it was perfect and allow us to forget that it was the end !	
Oct 8 2009 	Amazing Experience - One of the Best Properties I've Ever Stayed	My time at the Sanderson was too short. From the moment I stepped foot in this property, I was treated like royalty, and that experience lasted until the moment I left.I booked one night at the Sanderson via the Morgans Hotel Group website, mainly because I am a huge fan of their other properties. I've always enjoyed the Mondrian in Los Angeles, and the Clift in San Francisco, and thought that since I would be in London, I would check out another. While the hotel rate could not be qualified as &quot;budget,&quot; it certainly was much less expensive that choices like the Four Seasons, Berkeley, or Mandarin Oriental. I had booked a standard room, and planned for a wonderful stay as a solo traveler.I arrived at the Sanderson on foot, after taking the tube to the Oxford Circus station. It is only a short walk from the station to the hotel (maybe 10 minutes total), and in a very populated shopping area (no chance of ever feeling like you are walking through a &quot;shady&quot; neighborhood at night). Upon walking into the hotel, I felt like I was in another world. The furniture was incredibly unique and fun, and while I would certainly consider the lobby &quot;minimalist,&quot; everything worked well together. Since I had arrived around 12:00pm, I was informed my room was not available yet (check-in time is at 3:00pm, as are most other properties in the world), and I was apologized to for the inconvenience. I gave the young lady my mobile number, checked my bags at the hotel, and went to do a little shopping. The employees of the Sanderson quickly learned my name, and upon returning to the hotel about an hour later to use the restroom, I was greeted by first name whenever I walked past someone I had already met.Around 1:30pm I received a phone call saying my room was ready. I went back to the check-in desk, and the same young lady apologized once again for me having to wait (no apology necessary in my mind, as I was 3 hours early for check-in anyway). She had informed me she upgraded me to a &quot;loft&quot; room, which was beyond words to describe. Another employee came out with my bags, introduced himself, and helped me to my room. The elevators are very unique in this hotel as they all include a sort of &quot;outer space&quot; vibe, but still maintain an antique London quality. My room was on the first floor, only a short walk from the elevator. The hallways, while dark, are very private and unique, and all room numbers are labeled in lights on the ground (a nice change from the typical number on the door).Upon entering my room, I was blown away. A HUGE bed in a sort of &quot;sleigh&quot; frame, hardwood floors, curtains instead of walls (all controlled by a button on the wall instead of having to pull the curtains around), and a gorgeous shower and bathtub for lounging in. Behind the bed was a very functional desk, and two nightstands included a complimentary bottle of water and a few fun facts about the hotel.I decided to inquire at the Agua Spa down the hall whether a massage appointment would be available, and was pleasantly surprised that I could schedule one within two hours. The cost was around 75GBP, which I considered very reasonable for a high-end property (I usually would not pay so much, but since this was a short vacation, I thought I'd splurge). I took advantage of the steam room, calming room, and the delicious flavored water before heading in for my massage. I will say, of all the massages I've had in my life, this had to be a favorite. It was not at all rushed, the masseuse was friendly and engaging, and knew exactly where to focus her attention. I certainly would return to this spa.After dinner, I decided to take advantage of the Purple Room and Longbar that the hotel offers. The Purple Room is a guests-only &quot;lounge&quot; where drinks are served. Your name is checked against a list of registered guests at the door, and a very dark, yet fun room awaits. There were only two other guests when I entered (the space is not huge, but is large enough to probably hold 40 or 50 guests), and a very friendly waitress recommended a nice beverage for me to try. As expected, the beverage was delicious, and while not cheap by any standards, I found it to be reasonably priced. Since I was a solo traveler, the waitress engaged in fun conversation, and I never felt like I was lonely in this space (the other guests that were in the Purple Room were couples, so not much of a chance to meet other solo travelers). I was informed the Purple Room is open to 3AM, which is a nice treat in case you are in the market for a late-night drink or snack.Afterwards, I decided to visit the Longbar, just to see the atmosphere. The Longbar is a ridiculously long (I'd guess 80 feet or so) bar with fun furniture and exciting music. It was crowded as can be for a Thursday night, but I was able to easily get one of the bartenders' attention and order a beverage. Like the Purple Room, I found the Longbar to be full of couples and business groups; I did not come across any other solo travelers. I would not necessarily recommend it to anyone looking to meet someone new, but I would just for fun conversation with others, or just for a fun atmosphere. There was also an outdoor lounge (covered under a huge canopy) which you could enjoy, as well as a restaurant in the hotel that I heard was delicious, though I did not try myself.Even as the night progressed, hotel employees addressed me by name and were always courteous, and I could not have been more pleased. I returned to my first floor room (I could not hear any music from my room, even though I could see the outdoor patio and the Longbar out my window), and did a little work. Everything in the room was very functional and easy to use, and the room was incredibly spacious.Check-out was just as simple a process, and while I did not take advantage of breakfast in the hotel or room service, I feel the food would have been delicious (based on what I had heard from other guests).The Sanderson truly is a gorgeous property with a fun, friendly, engaging staff, and a must-see for those visiting London looking for a high-end property without going overboard on price. My only comment was the difficulty in using the Wifi (it required going to the front desk and requesting a physical username/password from them), as I wish it would be as simple as logging on from the room and having it charged directly to me. Repeat guests had complained the rooms were in need of a renovation as the property is almost ten years old, though since this was my first stay, I found everything to look fresh and new, and was not the least bit tired of the design by the time I left.Highly recommended to all.	
Oct 1 2009 	2nd Wedding Anniversary Stay	I booked into the Sanderson on one of their special packages called the Suka package - which gave me a double room and £100 credit in their Suka restaurant for £270 (excluding VAT) as a second wedding anniversary celebration.First impressions of the location - very close to oxford street - very well positioned but quiet enough to seem as though you were not near the bustle. The outside of the hotel looked like a shabby old tower block but once inside my opinions quickly changed - very cool lobby area and the lady on reception very helpful and professional. The room was not ready but she said she would call me when it was - which she did as promised. The room was very stylish - the lighting in the corridors get your eyes used to very dark spaces then as you enter the room BAM flooded with light and white style fittings. All added to the feeling.We ate in the restaurant - i wouldnt rush back there - very pricey for what you are getting not that we had an eye on the money but looking back the dishes were heavily overpriced for what they actually were. That said they were tasty enough. All said and done a nice evening meal and a couple of drinks in the long bar which was starting to liven up by the time we finished our meal. Didnt have breakfast there as i have this major thing about £25 per person for hotel breakfasts - the wife hates it and call me what you want but i just cant handle it!!!!!! So we went round the corner and had bacon rolls and croissants with tea and coffee, plus a nice morning stroll where we sampled the delights of the tramps morning bin scavenging for their breakfast. Sad to see.All in all a nice hotel experience but looking back i would have much rather stayed in a £100 hotel and spend £200 on a really good night out.Enjoy it once but not somewhere i dream of going back to!Hope this helps.	
Sep 16 2009	So So So Cool!	Oh my god I'm so hip!There is no doubt about the pure Euro chicness and trendiness of this Morgan's Group property. If you like slick and happening this place is where you need to be; equipped with a couple bars, a purple pool table a lobby with very modern aesthetics and happening restaurant this place goes the distance.The room was a curtain lovers dream for where walls and doors might traditionally be there are lights translucent curtains. The bed was very comfortable and the painting of the English country side above it was a humorous touch. The shower was of good pressure and the fixtures up to the moment. The wash basin mirror however was oddly placed, making shaving a bit more of a challenge than it ever has to be.We had breakfast through Room Service twice and it was rather standard. The important thing was it was on time, and hot.The concierge was professional though I wish they had steered us away from York &amp; Albany which the Hotel supports through their guest guide.The area where the hotel is located is pretty lively and within walking distance from many shops and some theater as well as an Underground stop.A couple side notes the bar does get loud and if you are roomed on the court yard you will hear the crowd and the music until about midnight; the gentleman who checked us in had informed us about this before hand so it wasn't a bother at all. We visited the Purple bar which is more of a small lounge to have a couple drinks in before we headed out to dinner. I ordered their Brooklyn (which is a Manhattan made with Sazerac) and while the beverage was very good I got a bit of a surprise when I ate the cherry; there was a pit inside! The bartender was more concerned with explaining how awesome he was because they use fresh cherries and prepare them in their own liquors and such and didn't really see the problem with a cherry where the pit is not expected to be. I hate to sound like a tool but I would have liked a warning.Anyway if you are going to stay at a Morgan's Group Hotel in London, the Sanderson is my pick over St. Martin's Lane.	
Aug 29 2009 	Mixed Feelings	My initial apprehension as we approached the time of our stay at the Sanderson was heightened when we arrived at the entrance of the hotel directly from Heathrow after a 12 hour flight, and there was nothing to signify it was a hotel entrance, no porters nor doormen to welcome us or, at least, to help us with our luggage. It was 6.30pm. Finally, after struggling with our luggage and practically kicking the front door open, we were met with...nothing....but funky designer furniture pieces... and a smart-looking bar to our right and the front desk on our left.Determined not to be put off, this being the first holiday my husband and I have had together for a while, we approached the front desk. Perhaps my experience with Asian 5 star hotels has coloured my opinion but I've always felt that notwithstanding the decor of the hotel, how funky, cool or avant garde it may be, the friendliness/sincerity of the reception/front desk staff should be a priority. But this was not to be. We had an adequate reception. Enough said.Things started to look up when the young bellhop led us to the strangely incongruous lift darkened with scenes of space, the Final Frontier..., and apologised that he had not been there to help us with the luggage as he was assisting another batch of guests. His sincerity and warmth was a contrast to our initial reception.The room door opened directly into the bathroom and dressing area with a lovely freestanding bathtub to the left and glass-walled water closet &amp; shower cubicle at the end. A white sink bowl sat atop an orange venetian glass vanity and a mirror floated above slightly to the side suspended from the ceiling. Filmy white curtains formed the &quot;doors&quot; to the glass shelving and hanging space on the right with a fluorescent uplit floor (presumably so that your designer shoes would look very cool!). The bellhop carefully went through the ins and outs of the room, stressing gently that there was an opaque curtain behind the transparent curtain that served to block the bathroom from the bedroom for the purposes of modesty, since the walls in the bathroom were transparent too. These curtains worked at a touch of a conveniently placed buttons.Ample storage space was found behind white cupboards along the length of the wall of windows, and the expected amenities such as soaps, robes, hairdryer and umbrellas were artfully placed in frosted plastic boxes or directly on the glass shelving at the dressing area.However, despite promising he would return with an extra luggage rack for us, our bellhop was not seen again till we checked out 4 days later.The silver and white leather bed was positioned at an angle to the room and directly above it on the ceiling was a silver framed landscape painting. A grey pashmina was provided on the white duvet and the silver &amp; glass writing desk was set behind the bed's headboard. A white spanish shawl was draped over the white office chair, presumably for use. Silver bedside tables, another white chair, a silver chair with wings and a tall mirror made up most of the other extra furnishings - slightly eclectic but functional.Together with our upgrade came a treadmill (however, in our country, it is known as clothes horse) and the management thoughtfully provided us a bottle of mineral water, a bottle of wine and a daily newspaper. No slippers, though, but we survived. The adjustable airconditioning was a godsend as it was London, and there are good days and better days. If we had not needed to engage the services of the hotel staff, for instance, at check-in, the porter service at check out (they were reminded twice, and please note that the response of &quot;oops, I forgot&quot; is not an impressive one), and concierge services to leave a gift to be collected 2 days later which went MISSING until several visits and calls ensued, I'll have to say that I enjoyed my stay. The service was really nothing to write home about for a hotel that brags about its coolness. A cool hotel is one that manages to serve their guests as if it's the one thing on earth they were put there for. The staff here, with the exception of the porter, the doorman and a couple of housekeeping staff, seemed to feel that it was their job to act cool.All in all, a new experience for me, as I've never been stopped at the entrance of my hotel to be asked whether I was staying there although it all made sense when I remembered that it was a Friday night and that the Sanderson housed one of the &quot;cool-er&quot; bars in London, with all and sundry trying to get in. Bouncers as doormen, what a novel idea! The Purple Bar also a legend in its right as it admitted only hotel guests. We never tried the Malaysian restaurant called Suka, as we had just arrived from...Malaysia; so I'm sorry that I have no comments in that regard, nor did we sample any of the other outlets as we took full advantage of the fact that the hotel was less than a few minutes' walk from Oxford St, Regent St, Bond St etc. with all those wonderful side streets, nooks and crannies. (Eg The tall doorman on our first morning, kindly directed us to a sweet Italian coffeeshop round the corner.)I do think that it is time for a little bit of maintenance work to be done on the fittings and furnishings although I have no complaint but I can see why there have been comments regarding the room rate not being reflected in the upkeep of the hotel/rooms. If you enjoy the old world or traditional style of decor, this hotel is not for you.	
Aug 25 2009 	Dont even think of dining at the Suka or having a business dinner!!	Hi,I am a city lawyer and brought a colleague to the Sanderson hotel, Suka restaurant, yesterday. I thought I should write and let you know my experience. The decor of the place is lovely but the experience ends there. The food was awful and so was the service. I had to get up from the table twice / three times to get someone to assist us - something you really do NOT want to be doing at a business dinner. I ordered my second champagne cocktail and it arrived after 45 minutes and only once I had finally walked into the restaurant (I was sitting outside) and called the waiter again. The food was below standards - the lamb was leathery and I'm not sure if teh waiter noticed but we left most of it. The duck tasted as if it was from a smoked duck packet and had just been put on the fire to grill and the roti chanai tasted as if it had been made ages ago and heated up in the microwave. The skewers of beef were cold. To call this malaysian food is an absolute apology and disgrace. I didn't want to complain at the time as I was there with a business colleague and we just finally wanted to get out. I even had to get up again from the table to get the bill!!When we got out of the hotel we asked for a black cab and were told that black cabs are very infrequent and were offered a mini cab which we refused (we were two girls and didnt want to take a mini cab). We finally walked to find a cab and were met by very unpleasant elements. I have been to Asia de Cuba and stayed at the Hudson in NY and both have been great experiences...I dont think I will ever want to bring a business colleague to the Sanderson again and certainly never for the food or the service! If this review can be passed on to the management that would be great - it might help the next unsuspecting person who goes there for a meal!!	
Jul 28 2009 	Outdated tired and noisy	This hotel was cool in 2002 but is way past its prime. The bathroom had water damage, there was a 1990's treadmill in our room, and the spa space lacks privacy. Overall, the decor is really tired and also not that well kept up.We stayed on a Saturday night and had a flight out the next morning. We discovered that the music from the Long Bar is really loud until 1:30 am. I'm not usually bothered by this kind of thing, but it was hilarious - it was so loud that the base was shaking the room, and we were on the 4th floor! We asked to be moved, but the only available rooms were on the courtyard, and all rooms on the courtyard were equally loud. It also has a &quot;quaint&quot; (aka outdated) film delivery service. There is a DVD player and you order films off a menu. Sounds fun, but when you look at the selection of films, it's not. There are so many other great places in London, you should skip this. Visit the Long Bar for a drink, but don't stay here.	
Jul 23 2009 	overpriced	It's a great location and the whole thing looks very trendy in a Michael Douglas sort of way. So much so, we decided to stay a night. On first glance, the room was impressive, all white waftiness and clinical design. Sort of net curtains meets Damian Hirst. Anyway, there were two dots of blood on the sheet. We should have complained (did mention it on the feedback) but by the time we'd discovered this 'scene of the crime', we'd already unpacked. Couldn't get the TV to work so had to call room service, who did come fairly quickly. The air conditioning was raging all night and we couldn't turn it off. We didn't really like the toilet being IN the bedroom. It is seperated by a frosted glass wall but you can still see your partners silouette, which is not romantic. If you're at all suceptible to stage fright, when peeing in front of your partner, best stay elsewhere. So far, we were able to laugh all this off but the killer came the next morning when any remaining shred of romance was swiftly despatched. Soon after our breakfast was delivered, someone knocked on the door to say have you finished? Then 5 minutes later, when a man with a hostess trolley asked us if we'd like to buy any alcohol (at 10.30am), then they knocked again for our breakfast dishes. We felt like shouting, &quot;OK, we get the point, you want us to leave&quot;. We had two drinks each and the bill came to over £400. For this price, we'd have rather had a blood free, quiet room with a toilet that wasn't at the end of the bed. Call me old fashioned, I know.	
Jun 28 2009 	Chic funky and central - you will love it here	I stayed here with my wife for a weekend. I was a bit unsure about whether this would be one of those overly fussy places where everyone wants a tip for everything and hangs around like a nasty whiff. Thankfully, there was none of that. It was like 'we're there if you need us'.The hotel is fantastic to look at when you walk in. Very trendy. The lift's are cool with a dark space theme and music playing. The staff are very nice. Professional and far more approachable than the stuffy types you can get at other upmarket hotels around the Park Lane area.The Suka restaurant is great. The food is sheer bliss. A word of note though, you'll need to bring your wallet for this. We thought it was a main meal sort of thing but it became apparent that each of the meals are 'tapas' style -and 3 dishes are recommended. In my view, if you need 3 of these dishes, you're either extremely hungry, or have issues with eating. The food itself is beautiful but each of these tapas range between about £12 up to a whopping £20-ish just for a single tapas style plate.If you get 3 dishes, you're looking at c. £45 - £60 just for your main course dish(es).The drinks are also very pricey. c. £10 for a glass of wine. £5 for a bottle of water. £4.50 for an OJ. Four of us ate (no dessert and two on soft drinks) and I was expecting the bill to come in at about £150. It came to about £300 which when two are drinking soft drinks, works out at quite a lot. Thankfully, the food was very good.Overall, this is a great hotel. Yes it's pricey but hey, you're staying at one of the nicest hotels in London that's unlke most hotels you'll ever stay in (in a positve way). You know what you're letting yourself in for. You will walk out of this hotel feeling like an A Lister, which let's face it, is why you'll be staying in this hotel in the first place. It'd be a bit like buying a Bentley and complaining that it drinks too much juice.Re the rooms, the funky theme continues. Nothing like any other hotel I've stayed in but that's a good thing. We had a superior room which was great. I don't know what the standard rooms are like but in realirt, they're probably a bit on the small side but 1, you only need the room for a sleep and 2, the rest of the hotel more than makes up for it. If you want to treat yourself, I would highly recommend this hotel. We would defintely return.Thank you to the staff for making it a lovely weekend.	
Jun 11 2009 	all decor no substance	I won a night at this hotel and i was really excited after reading the reviews and looking at the info i received. i was booked into a delux double double according to the website it had swan chairs and city views and with the price i expected to be pampered lol. My first shock was breakfast wasnt included and at £25 per head i couldnt afford to get it myself on top of dinner etc. The biggest shock was the room. I was in 126 which certainly didnt have city views but a horrid view of air conditioning and the fire escape with people smoking on it looking into my room!!!!!! - so i had to keep the blinds closed to keep my privacy so the stark room took a more locked up feel. There were no swan chairs but a sofa which was very grubby and could do with a good deep clean aswell as the rugs. No one told us where anything was in the hotel so we had to look for ourselves, the reception and bars were lovely likewise with the terrace. I cant help feeling as they knew i had won the room i didnt get the service a paying guest would have got. I expected to be treated like a queen but felt more like someone staying in a jazzed up travel lodge. Perhaps if i had diner bed and breakfast there it would have been different story. As a cinderella i certainly didnt get to go to the ball which was a real shame as i could never afford to go to a hotel like this so i feel cheated	
May 23 2009 	Fantastic stay	Just come back from 1 night stay in Loft balcony suite and highly recommend this modern, chic hotel right in the middle of where you need to be in London. Fabulous room, great service from reception to bar staff and bellboy. Will return!!! Thank you.	
May 22 2009 	tatty all style no substance	Very disapointing . Rooms where good looking but dirty.There were even specks of blood on the ladies lobby toliets.We cound,t check in to 15.00 and had to leave by 12.00 alot of money for not even 24hrs.Had two rooms which where booked last year but cound,t even get them on the same floor .For real service ,style and what a hotel of this calirber should be stay at The langhams	
May 13 2009 	i feel cool now	I liked staying here - There is a modern design triumph everywhere you look. The service was friendly and competent. The location is very central. I stayed in room 129 and there was wifi from a neighboring building, so i avoided paying the annoying 15 pound charge for internet - yay! One thing i didn't like was that the gym was positively arctic from the blasting air conditioner! My younger co-worker (24 yrs) was definitely more enchanted than me, and i suspect this place is a hit with twenty somethings.	
May 9 2009 	Didn't quite meet expectations	We stayed here for one night, on recommendation from friends. The location was excellent for shopping, easy access to underground car park, etc. I don't know quite what we were expecting, but the room just felt a bit too stark. Would probably be ok for some people (white walls, picture on ceiling), but we just didn't feel comfortable. Having the bathroom behind a curtain and the toilet in a glass box was just too much for us! - ok for some I'm sure, but was just lost on us! We didn't try the food, but the bar was definately fun. We've stayed at The Soho Hotel a few times, and next time we're in London we will return, we just felt so much more comforftable there, and love all the little extra touches.	
May 7 2009 	Tired tatty and overpriced	My partner and I spent one night at this hotel for a romantic anniversary break - and we really chose the wrong hotel. Although the photos on the web make it look funky and stylish, the bedrooms are simply former offices with a large bed in the middle. Yes the bed is very comfortable, and the bath and the shower are fine, but with thin, metal venetian blinds at the windows, only one painting - on the ceiling - and white net curtains seperating the sleeping area from the bathroom, there really is no romance.  For some reason there was an old, cheap, grey pashmina thrown on the bed - the only reason I knew this was part of the room and not something left behind by a previous guest, was because we had to change rooms as our first one had a horrible smell. There are no tea or coffee making facilities - so it's very expensive room service for a cup of tea. If you need to use the bathroom in the night, there is only one light switch which turns on all the lights, thus waking up your partner. And with no bedside light, you have to stumble in the dark to find that switch! Both the rooms and the hotel corridors looked tired and a bit tatty - maybe it is due for a refurbishmentThe chairs in the famous Purple Bar are the size 5 year olds sit on at school - not comfortable! Breakfast is great, but a long wait. The saving grace is the wonderful staff - really friendly and helpful.	
May 5 2009 	Disappointing....	I was really looking forward to our visit to the Sanderson and although it doesn't rate very highly on trip advisor I assumed it was so 'out there' that it was too different for the average visitor. Yes, it has a very trendy bar which has a great vibe. Yes, the decor when you first arrive is quite stunning in that it is completely different to any hotel we've ever stayed in so that was quite refreshing. The room (deluxe king) was very minimalist and again quite refreshing in its simplicity. BUT it just doesn't quite hit the spot because the quality of the furnishings when you look closely is quite poor (the low lighting hides any imperfections!). For the price you pay for the room, you would expect face flannels wouldn't you?? And yes, they light a candle (tealight) for you on turndown. ... but that is it! I foolishly assumed that this quality of hotel would provide bottled water in the room. No - we were charged £10 for a bottle of water. And there are no coffee/tea making facilities in the room - no doubt hoping that you will go downstairs and have one at a cost of £4 ...... We have stayed in some of the best hotels in the world and don't mind paying for good service and surroundings but somehow I felt a bit cheated here. I really wanted to love it. I really really wanted to! But I came away feeling like they just wanted to get as much money out of us as possible! Mis-information about payment up front left a bit of a sour taste too..... On a more positive note, the hotel is located in a great position for central london and the concierge was great. Go to the Long Bar for a cocktail before a night out, but I would not stay at The Sanderson again - there are lots of other hotels where you are made to feel special and I didn't feel that here.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good but not outstanding - a shame....	Interior design is great, typical Stark, the &quot;space lifts&quot; are super cool.Service ranged from a cool (verging on ice cold) reception welcome, to the bar manager dealing with a complaint extremely well.....Room rate isnt cheap (expected), but everything is charged extra, including £5.95 to have a shirt ironed, £3 room delivery charge for room service, gratuity added to everything (unfortunately normal for London nowadays), £20 charge for the hotel driver to take us to as restaurant etc..... A bit irritating, ive never had those charges at other similar hotels ive stayed in - to me, thats why you pay to stay in a 5 star hotel, to benefit from all the comforts, service and amenities. We booked a Deluxe room which was a bit disappointing for the price (quite often the case in Morgans Group hotels i find), so we complained and received an upgrade to the Loft, which was more comfortable.Overall, we did enjoy it, glad we tried it, although i wanted to love it, personally, its unlikely i would stay there again.	
Apr 13 2009 	Trendy Chic Hotel!	I went to this hotel for my 23rd birthday and it was amazing!!When arrived we parked outside and i have to say dont be put of by the old office block look this hotel has because as soon as you get to the door WOW!!The reception is so out there with a swing and random chairs but it works. The desk were friendly and check in was very quick.Then we made our way to the lift which again is amazing ( i wont spoil it for anyone)!As everyone else has pointed out the rooms are all white......mini bar was great full of the normal stuff. The tv and music system had movie's and a music playlist which was great so if you forgot to bring your ipod to put in the docking station then we can choose pop for example and it would play songs from that style.The Long Bar downstairs was lovely and the bar staff were very helpful and didnt mind helping you with your drinks choice. Food was good there too just small bar snacks. Saturday night the bar gets very busy this is one of the coolest hang outs in London so be preared to spot the celeb and for it to get busy for 6pm onwards. Everything about this hote li loved and i will definately be returning!!! You have to like something a bit diffrent to understand this hotel so if your looking for traitional dont come here!! Overall 10/10 all round, if its good enough for Paris Hilton, Orlando Bloom and Leona Lewis then what more can i say.......	
Mar 18 2009 	Ultra hype hotel	Minimalist and trendy, the Sanderson is great for anyone who like this kind of hype hotel.Location: Berners street is only a few minutes walking from Oxford and Regent street. Perfect.Great minimalist lobby with original sofas and chairs.On the right the lobby bar, very much crowded on saturday night, but quite empty on sunday evening. Good music and ambiance.Breakfast was good with a lot of choice.The room was not huge, but with an incredible design: white curtains everywhere (even to separate the bathroom from the room), comfortable bed with a painting on the ceiling (never saw that before!).Service was good for what I've asked.The Sanderson is really a cool hotel, but if you like traditionnal luxury hotels, I understand that some people might not like this hotel.I will certainly return, even if the rates are quite expensive.	
Mar 16 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Fantastic Location	Myself and my husband have just returned from another fantastic stay at the Sanderson Hotel. We stayed here back in 2001 shortly after it had opened and were extremely imnpressed with everything the hotel has to offer and were extremely pleased that absolutely nothing has changed over the years. The service is faultless, especially the conciege/doorman who were always polite and friendly (particularly one gentleman who welcomed us to the hotel on arrival and then helped us with a taxi 4 days later when we left and remembered exactly where we were returning too...impressive memory)!! The room was spotlessly clean and tidy with the same lovely touches (such as lit candles during the evening turn down service). The shower was amazing and the bed extremely comfortable)! Being fans of Phillipe Starcks work its great to walk through the reception area stopping to look at his pieces! Plus, the elevator is probably the funkiest I have ever seen!We will not hesitate to stay here again (especially as we have a gauranteed upgrade the next time we stay, as a thank you and apology for experiencing a group of disrespectful guests who decided to shout and scream down the corridor at a ridiculous time of the morning. The upgrade was not necessary, as it was not the hotels fault, but a very kind gesture none the less).	
Mar 14 2009 	Fantastic concierge and overall great hotel	Had a three nights stay at the Sanderson in August 2008. The hotel is very conveniently located near Oxford Street and the Theatre District. Liked the design and loved the breakfast (although it’s quite expensive if you don’t have it included in the room rate), but the best part was probably the excellent concierge service. Highly recommended, would not hesitate to return.	
Mar 1 2009 	I would NEVER stay here again or recommend the Sanderson!	I booked the Sanderson as a suprise for my partner as it was his birthday, so I over indulged and booked the romance package which set me back over 800 for 2 nights so I expected damn good service for the money! Concierge was fantastic, managed to organise a cake for me beforehand which was ready for us on the night I requested. Reception did not even offer to help me with my luggage to my room, again which was dissapointing.. and then onto the worse bits...our room, I found a used shaving kit in the drawer (and it was covered in hair!!) which disgusted me and then there were holes in our bed sheets.. and the real icing on the cake was that someone came into our room, not once .. but TWICE when we were in the bath!!!! I spoke to the front desk downstairs who assured me they would investigate and let me know what had happened, later that day I received a call from the duty manager who explained that the porter had come into our room by mistake and he should have gone into the room next door as he was bringing up luggage for some guests. In return for the inconvience he offered us a free soft drink at the bar which I found insulting! I complained to the sanderson after my departure and they have since offered me another nights stay, which is the least they could do.. let's just hope my next stay is better than the first!	
Mar 1 2009 	Great service rooms a little tired	Yep it's achingly hip and the staff are what you'd expect from a top notch hotel - friendly and well-informed. What lets it down is the standard of the rooms - the bed linen and towels felt like they'd been washed to a sandpaper consistency, and no amount of silky white curtains can disguise the fact that it's clearly a converted office block. This hotel needs a revamp to really justify the prices they charge. There are better options in this price bracket elsewhere.	
Jan 23 2009 	bragging rights ahoy	Stayed at a suite here. Very modern, lots of glass and minimalist lines used. Floor to ceiling windows, welcome bouquets and evening munchies. Yada, yada.When we were coming in late one evening, there were tons of hoochies at the front door, trying to get into the hotel bar. The doorman sees us and immediately parts the crowd. Sweet!Yes, I supposed it's all for the bragging rights. I've certainly stayed at much better hotels, but this is just for the London experience of it all.	
Jan 17 2009 	style over substance	Voted the hippest hotel in the UK in 2008, I was quietly excited about the visit and gently disappointed with the experience. The hotel is nothing to look at from the outside, but has great interior design, and a buzzing atmosphere. The rooms were very different from the normal corporate hotel, but comfortable, well thought-out and with some nice touches. The bars, restaurant and lounge area were all great fun to sit, watch and be seen in. What a shame therefore for it all to be let down by the shallow, dis-interested and borderline incompetent staff. From the over-aggressive security staff at the entrance, to the vain and vacuous reception staff, who were more interested in how trendy they looked rather than providing a 5 star service, they were awful. The only diamonds amongst the rubbish were the Purple Bar staff, who were discrete and professional at all times.	
Jan 4 2009 	Loved the Sanderson	Chic hotel right in the heart of Soho. Very modern and trendy, and the staff was pleasant and helpful. I had a standard double room which was spacious and tastefully decorated. Loved the super comfy bed and sleek bathroom (especially the Korres toiletries). Room service was tasty though slightly pricey. There are two cool bars on the main floor; I especially liked the funky Purple Bar with its endless list of yummy martinis. Location cannot be beat... I much prefer the Sanderson to its sister hotel, St. Martin's Lane; happier with my room and definitely the service at the Sanderson.My only complaint is the paper-thin walls. I could hear nearly everything going on in the room next to me at all times...	
Nov 12 2008 	Satisfaction Guaranteed	Very centrally location, great service, good interior and food.	
Nov 7 2008 	great spot and location	i stayed in the sanderson hotel in november and it lived up toits expectations. we were looking forward to a few days break in london and wanted a hotel that was central and that lived up to its expectations. the sanderson did exactly this. oxford circus tube is only 5mins walk away and leicester square is a 5-10 min walk so location couldnt be better. rooms are well finished and funky with a cool and calm design. staff were very friendly and helpful and were available anytime they were needed. beware the cost of room servise. £24 for 2cups of coffee and 2 scones. def recommend this hotel though and id stay here again for sure	
Oct 9 2008 	blast off to your room in this funky make over	The Sanderson offers a very interesting makeover of a 1960's hotel, with elements of Hotel W and an attempt to be ultra cool. The lobby is enormous and features the most out-there furniture which was a bit confronting for a business traveller, but wait! there is more. Enter the lift and you are blasting off into space in your tin can with the milky way around you. Landing on your floor you are plunged in a cavernous darkness only illuminated by room numbers on the floor at the foot of your door. (I can only imagine stumbling around in the dark if pissed). The rooms are quite large, white and lofty with wispy electric curtains separating the washroom from the bedroom. All in all very spacious and light for London with large windows and did I mention natural light. A great alternative if you can stomach the experience of getting to your room and want to be close to Oxford Street.	
Sep 16 2008 	Over priced and over rated	I spent one night in this hotel on business recently. It is all very fine to look at and thinks highly of itself, as do most of the bar patrons, but it's really not worth the money.Check in was fine, staff friendly. The room is very minimalist. While I admire minimalism to look at I prefer a some comfort in my hotel rooms. The beds were fine, the covers too lightweight. At the desk there is a reading lamp which is plugged into the only socket in the vicinity so to work on my computer which needed to be charged I had to plug out the lamp and work without adequate light. In the bathroom there is a lot of glass which is again nice to look at but slightly disconcerting, I had to always double check my route out in case I was about to walk straight into another glass wall. The sink leaked onto the floor and the shower attachment on the bath did not work.The food in the restaurant downstairs was excellent. It is Asian in style and they suggest you order 2 to 3 plates per person - I suggest 2 at most as the portions are quite big. I thought the food bill was actually very good value.I cannot give an accurate review of breakfast as it took so long to come that I gulped half of it down before rushing off. There was a very nice buffet of cereal and fruit and the cooked breakfast had to be ordered. When placing my order I explained I needed to leave in 20 minutes to get to the airport and asked would my order be ready before that, I was told it would. Over 20 minutes later, and having had to ask for it again, it arrived.I wouldn't return. There was nothing awful about it but The Soho Hotel down the road which is a similar price offers much better value.	
Sep 12 2008 	Loved the Sanderson	Just got back from a wonderful stay at the Sanderson. What an amazing hotel - The rooms with all the white fluffy curtains, and the hotel staff helpful &amp; polite. The spa was wonderful and relaxing. The atmosphere was attractive and the staff attentive. I would definitely recommend it	
Sep 7 2008 	Sexy and Chic	Fab hotel, beautifully designed and furnished. Our room was exquisite, modern with great attention to detail full of great products. Two bars, one for public access and one just for guests serving great cocktails. Fashionable London crowd and used by lots of agencies for shoots and putting up models etc. Full of beautiful people.Staff very attentive.Location very central for restaurants and shops etc in the West End just off Oxford Street.Looking forward to going back!	
Aug 25 2008 	The perfect chill out...	We booked the hotel through the website and had problems with our booking. They were very good, Ama in particular as absolutely brilliant. She made every effort to accomodate us and went above and beyond the call of duty!We looked on the website and saw some of the special offers - well worth doing! We found a 'Suka Package' which gives you the room and £100 credit for use in the Suka restaurant.Upon arrival to the hotel, the room was ready 3 hours before we were scheduled to be in it! We arrived at 12pm and our room shouldnt have been ready until 3, but they gave us the key straight away so we made our way up. The lifts are awesome but you really need to experience these for yourselves so I wont ruin it for you - but they are out of this world!Making our way down the corridor, they are fairly dimly lit but it gives a relaxing atmosphere. We stayed in room 122 which was apparently a Loft King. All we could say was 'wow'. From the super king size sleigh bed in the middle of the room to the bathroom separated by flowing white and pink curtains. The facilities themselves appear very nice, the bath for example is big enough even for me (6'5'', stocky chap!), but the shower connector in the bath fell off and the main shower looked like it may fly off at you whilst you are in it! However, these are only very small issues and dont let this distract you from the hotel. You really do feel a world away. The rooms are very, very relaxing indeed. The bed is the most comfortable bed I have ever stayed in, with pillows you can just sink into and a quilt to match. The blinds also block out all light, we woke up at 8:30am and you would have thought it was 2am it was so dark! The room was immaculately clean, but be careful when in the bathroom as some of the toiletries are there for your use but you may be charged A LOT of money. A sponge, for example, was £14 and a plain white t-shirt was £25.The staff are very attentive, however, there was some confusion caused with the type of package we booked and we felt we had to explain ourselves to every person. Instead of having dinner at Suka, we used the £100 credit for a couple of cocktails and also for breakfast the following day. If the cocktails are a 'must try' then breakfast is even higher on the list. I had a full english which was amazing. It doesnt look like a huge breakfast but it is certainly filling. My fiance had eggs benedict which she pretty much inhaled within seconds! It really was fantastic. If dinner is as good as breakfast then you wont be disapointed.We also had drinks in The Purple Bar - definitely try the 'Divine Chocolate' cocktails. AMAZING. Very romantic, intimate space which is great for relaxing in after a night out.Overall, we had a very relaxing couple of days and if we could live there we would! It is in a fantastic location for shopping (literally 30 seconds off Oxford Street) and is within 5 minutes walk of 3 good tube stations. The staff are friendly, attentive and make you feel extremely welcome and we are already thinking about our next visit.	
Jul 23 2008	Fantastic funky hotel!	Came to stay at this hotel for the weekend with my husband, my sister and my parents, to have a good time in London.When we walked through the entrance, there is an instant wow factor! Everything is so trendy and funky!Although we were early, we were immediatley allocated our rooms and our luggage was bought up to us by a Porter.The rooms were fabulous - everything was so minimalistic and modern! The bed was in the middle of the room and had pillows at either end so you could sleep either end! The sheer curtains separate the room from the bathroom and create a sultry look. For more privacy, you just hit the elctric button on the wall and an extra pale pink curtain appears which is not so see through!I thought the photos on this website made the rooms look small so was a bit worried. But was suprised to see thatthey are actually bigger than what they look like in the photos.Before going out ot dinner in the evening, we went for a dirnk in the famous long bar in the hotel. Very glam, busy and lots of people! Had an extensive coctail list which we got stuck into! But of course very pricey!When returning back from dinner, around 12:30am, we were going to go for a night cap at the Long bar but could not believe how busy it was! Y ou could not ever get to the bar! Eveyone was drubk happy, chatty, music, etc. So we decided to go to the bar right by the reception, much smaller, quieter and romantic. So we all sat down and ended up sitting there for a few hours getting quite drunk! The staff were very attentive and the drinks kept coming! But be wary of the price. There were fiuve of us sitting there for around two hours and the bar bill came to £270, although there were a few cocktails included in this.The beds are soooooo comfortable! And the best things about the rooms for me were the blinds. They completely shut out all light! I can never lay in, the light always wakes me up! But when I woke in the morning, in pitch black and glanced at the clock, I could not believe it was 10am! I want these blinds!The hotel staff were great. There was an incident when I thought I had left one of my shopping bags in the lift. I called down and spoke to the reception and there was a security man knocking on my door in less than a minute! Turned out that I was just being stupid and had not left the back in the lift at all!Overall, had a fantastic time.Is completely different from any other hotel that I have stayed in. I Dont think this would suit an older coouple looking for a romantic break though, as it is so trendy and modern. My parents really enjoyed it, tehy are in their early 5o's but very modenr. But they said if they were going away on their own, they would have chosen a different hotel.Would be a great hotel for a romantic weekend for a young couple or even for a girly weekend.	
Jul 15 2008 	Cool but at a Price by The Peke	The Boyfriend and I had two nights at the Sanderson as part of our holiday this year. We like to 'do' London from time to time. I had stayed at the Sanderson before, but as a prize through my company, so it was interesting to assess it when I was actually paying for it.Be aware that you will only get a discount on your parking if they park your car for you. We wernt informed of this so they relented and gave us reduced parking (still £85 for 2 days!). Not even sure if that was the discounted rate. Ho Hum.The lobby is impressive, modern and cool. I was put in the bauble thing hanging from the ceiling and left spinning around much to The Boyfriends amusement! Was fun sitting on a pair of lips waiting for a taxi. The staff were welcoming, helpful and personable, even when part of my luggage was a Tescos carrier bag (dont ask - we all need emergency chocolate!). The rooms are clean, modern and I happen to like the floaty curtain thingy ying yang effect. Pressing the buttons kept The Boyfriend amused for a while (he's a boy and a lovely man what more can I say!?). However, not much privacy when you are in the loo unless you turn the TV up!! THE BED IS THE BEST and I didnt want to get out of it - huge, comfortable with lovely pillows and linen.The concierge was helpful, managed to get us a table at the Gaucho Grill at the time we wanted in preference to our own attempts to book in (odd as they were half empty anyway but thats another story!). If you want theatre tickets, make the effort to walk to the theatre yourself - you will save £30 per ticket (in other words £60 for us for the sake of a ten minute walk) rather than pay the agents pemium.The down side is the price. Is it worth the £300 + per night standard rate? Even at £266 per night that we paid via lastminute.com it seemed steep for room only (went to Harvey Nicks instead for brekkie!). The crowning moment was the price for one champagne cocktail and vodka and orange at the bar - £23 AND they charged us over 2 quid for the privlige of serving it to us!! The Boyfriend is still in therapy!Also, I was shouted at by a barman for standing the wrong side of the rope thingy. Not very respectful way to treat a paying guest methinks. As for the people in the bar - well it was more middle aged businessmen looking for a bit of young totty to throw wads of cash at - but each to their own.The room we had overlooked the central bar/restaurant area and was noisy up until closing time but thereafter was fine. I admit I do like the Sanderson - it feels cool and I like the quirky way it is done. However, worth the inflated costs? Only you can decide?!	
May 30 2008 	give this one a pass	It is all lipstick and rouge.....not really worth a 5 star rating. The finishings look amazing on the website but up close are not well done....hence all the subdued lighting in the halls and elevators. Rooms are very small for and the quality is not there for the price. There are far better hotels in london. would never stay there again.	
Apr 29 2008 	I liked it not a lot but I did like it	Much hype about the Sanderson, a 50's building transformed by Philippe Starck. It definitely a cool hotel. As always in London it's hideously expensive - wether it's value for money is gonna depend on you. We had a deluxe King Room. Large bed but very hard and very uncomfortable. Great Linen as you would expect. Pretty rubbish tv channels but who is there to watch the telly anyhow. Oh yes, and lovely huge bath tub. Cool bars, extremely yummy breakfast in bed, fantastic mojitos, but at that price it's no more than you would expect. My one disappointment, not being able to get a cup of tea and a slice of chocolate cake in my room at 2am. It's what I needed after a night out but apparently there was no cake in the kitchen! Big let down.I liked it, not sure I'd go again though. There's nicer places in London for this price.	
Apr 17 2008	Best for fun	The Sanderson is the best for a night time with a girlfriend or romantic weekend with boyfriend. But in general the best things about the sanderson you can experience even if you do not stay there...the bar, the terrace, the food (not amazing but interesting) and the spa. It is definitely worth using but not sleeping in it!!	
Apr 3 2008 	A wonderful stay	Have just got back from a brief and wonderful stay. This is such a fantastic hotel - it looks amazing, particularly the rooms with all the white floaty curtains, and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Also had some spa treatments - and again a wonderful relaxing atmosphere and very attentive and capable staff. I would definitely recommend it - can't wait to go back.	
Mar 6 2008 	Not Impressed	My husband and I stayed at the Sanderson Hotel in October of 2007. We were interested in staying at the hotel due to the design aspects as shown on the internet. The staff at the hotel were very unprofessional which was pretty sad, since the hotel itself was not that great. I will say that the location was good for us and China Town is a not too far away. Also, we were in walking distance of several theaters and restaurants. The food at the Sanderson's restaurant was not good, especially for the price! There are several good moderately priced Indian restaurants and pubs which would make a much better choice if you don't want to be disapointed.The hallways are extremely dark and are very lightly lit. The room itself was not bad, however the furniture inside was made very cheaply and it showed. You could also hear the people in the room above us. The hotel lobby music was extremely loud, if turned down a notch it would have been fine.The wireless internet service was out and I was charged for it anyway! I had to have them remove this from the bill, even though it was a known fact that it was down! And there was no other way of getting internet access to your room!The concierge at the hotel was more interested in talking with other staff and gossiping instead of helping paying hotel guests, and acted like it was a huge burden to ask him for information as to where a good Indian restaurant was.The Sanderson would be a great hotel if the service and food were better. It also seems to be one of the places to &quot;Be Seen&quot; and if I were younger and in my twenties I probably would have enjoyed the &quot;Vibe&quot; more.	
Mar 5 2008 	A Spaceship	Stayed at the Sanderson in September '05 for the weekend before attending business meetings in Paris. My company at the time had a preferred rate at the Sanderson. Hotel: Very trendy lobby, the ultra chic staff is very nice and quickly checked us in and delivered our bags.Room: the layout is a bit odd, clear glass and sheer curtains, luckily I had my own room because there is no privacy.Bathroom: When I entered the room I asked my chic bellman &quot;Where is the bathroom?&quot; and he answered: &quot;You are standing in it.&quot; hmmm OKShower: I nearly flooded the &quot;bathroom&quot; after taking a quick shower - see photos of the shower set up.Food: breakfast is insanely expensive, did not even bother.Beds: Very comfortable but not &quot;cozy&quot;. Elevators/Hallways: very very dark with music constantly pumping at all hours.	
Feb 9 2008 	Sisters Fav Hotel!	I booked this Hotel as a surprise Christmas present for my sister (we also went to see Cirque Du Solieil at the RAH). If you like contemporary and to be in with the &quot;it&quot; crowd then this is for you. I thought we were checking into an office block when we first arrived as the outside is nothing special although the doormen are very handsome! Check in was amazingly quick and straightforward. The lobby is quite strange - not quite sure what the theme is and whether sitting on a seat resembling a large pair of lips is comfortable - but!. As everyone says the lifts are amazing. Take the steps at the first floor to see the amazing stained glass window as you drift down to reception. Although it was February we took a look at the outside space which I can imagine is lovely in the summer. The 'long bar' is just that and at night was filled to capacity with &quot;beautiful&quot; people who I think come to be seen. We went in to the Purple Bar which is for residents only. It is quite tiny considering how many rooms there are in the hotel. You can only get in here if you show your hotel card which is taken off you!! - and for some reason there are tiny chairs in here only 1 foot off the ground!!!. Masses of Vodka cocktails ranging from about £12 and the &quot;baristas&quot; were making loads of complicated cocktails!!The room - fantastically huge as I had booked a twin room, the beds were almost double and extremely comfortable. The air conditioning did keep us awake so we turned it off. Bathroom is OK and the &quot;pink&quot; curtain you can draw electronically gives enough privacy. Toilet is separated by glass (frosted) and the shower once I had turned it on and drowned myself was lovely. Be wary of the expensive goods in the bathroom - easily recogonised as to 'pay for' as they are all wrapped up. Used the hairdrier which was fab- not one of these tiny things you get in most hotel rooms but a proper drier. The inclusion of bathrobes and umbrellas (in case it rains outside!!) a nice touch. I agree with the comments of one of the other writers in that the TV/'expensive' mini bar housed in what resembled a formica cabinet from B &amp; Q was ugly and outdated - not atall in keeping with the lushness of the rest of the surroundings - not quite sure I get the non-entity picture on the ceiling either!!!I would say that the Hotel is ideally situated if you want to shop - we walked to Oxford Cicus without any problem. Taxis to Harrods (packed on a Sunday!!) from the hotel cost about £13 and to RAH another £13.Breakfast is lovely - loads of choice although I consider it expensive if not booked as part of your package.My sister loves this Hotel (and its sister St Martins Lane near to Covent Garden) - me, not quite sure if I would stay again, £358 for one night is as others say rather overpriced!	
Jan 23 2008	Awesome!	Great Hotel in a fantastic location!!Staff were very friendly from reception to bar staff.Walked to all bars &amp; shops in soho.	
Dec 31 2007 	Worst two night's sleep of our lives	We have just returned from a two night stay at Sanderson and are very sleepy. The air conditioning system in our Deluxe King room was fairly noisy but it was severe dehydration that woke us every half-hour, and the £8 per bottle mineral water from the mini-bar didn't do much to quench our thirsts.Sleep-deprived on night two, we thought we were probably just unlucky when our neighbouring guests decided to hold a &quot;party&quot; well into the early hours of Sunday morning. That said, it could be that they had no choice but to make their own entertainment... the DVDs are (in our opinion, a vulgar attempt to squeeze more money out of their guests) £11 per night.Though the Sanderson interior is very pretty to look at (and the lifts are wonderful!), it is incredibly over-priced for what is quite simply a big West-End tourist-hotel. Both you, and your wallet, would be better off opting for one of the many smaller boutique hotels in the City...	
Dec 29 2007 	Out Of This World!!!	The hotel is definaltly a place everyone has to stay at , at least once.. its one of those hotels you either love or hate!! i personally loved it , it was very modern and funky. everything looked brand new, fresh and as if it had never been touched!The lobby was large and had unsual furniture, the staff were all very friendly and down to earth , not even stuck up as you would expect from some 5star hotels. Our room was on the 2nd floor , we could hear the noise frm the long bar frm our room but onli very slightly .. it didnt ruin our stay at all. The rooms are modern, simple, plain but also very unusal. We had a superior room im not sure how much different the standard is to the superior. Everything in the room looked brand new , all except the TV which i think you should be upgraded to a flat screen as you would expect it too seeing as its a 5star hotel thats whole focus is space saving and making a airey , relaxing environment, so the chunky TV spoils this slightly. The lift isss AMAZINGG!! i will say no more - you will have to see for urself as i do not wnt to spoil it for u! We had breakfast included with the room - the price of the contintental + english breakfast was £22.50pp - A lot of money!! but if its your stay at the hotel is a one off and a treat then you may aswelll treat urself to the breakfast. It was very nicee and everything you would expect, the resturant itself was very attractive and had a nice view of the garden.Overall A great hotel!! Only Cons was the extra costs they charge you that are very expensive!! i worried at everything i picked up and used in the bedroom as i didnt know what was complimentary and what we had to pay extra for. The Wireless internet is at an extra cost of £15 a day. Their are large bottles of shampoo etc. in a box in the bathroom that you can also purchase along with the very tempingg over=priced food and drink in the minibar. Their is a Sainsburys not far from the hotel so just stock up on ur food and drink their if need be as it is a lot cheaper!!Also... the mercedes taxis tht are outside the hotel are extremely overpriced also.. they wanted £15 for a 5min trip. we got a black cab instead and it costed £5. So be careful!!! They will charge you anything because they think that you will pay it as you are staying at a upmarket hotel!! Hope this has been some help to you. Have a nice stay at the hotel if you do go.	
Dec 20 2007 	A great place to party but not necessarily for business	$700 a night doesn't buy much these days in London, especially at this hotel. Pack accordingly and prepare yourself to do battle with the oh so stylish but impracticalities at this place such as 1) a flashlight so you can see in the dimly lit hallways that were cool in the 90s but we're over it now; 2) a book reading light, otherwise you have to haul yourself out of bed to turn off the light when reading in bed; 3) an electric kettle - inconceivalble that a place that charges this much doesn't offer them. It cost me $43 to have one delivered to the room and came with one tea cup, 4 tea bags and a sugar bowl - not even a cookie. Fortnum &amp; Mason here I come!; 4) an extension cord so you can plug your gear into sockets located at floor level and not have to use your computer while sitting on the floor, nor dry your hair in the same position; 5) a small hammer so you can fully depress the button to flush the toilet, and a nail repair kit so you can fix the nails you broke trying to depress the oh so stylish button without the hammer; 6) determination to get past the doormen at night who ask for your name on a list to go into the lobby - or just grease them with a 20 pound note - this is what those who weren't on the list appeared to be doing during my visit; 7) slippers as those marble floors in the bathroom are very cold in winter; 8) willingness to be an exhibitionist while you are in the room as the glass wall between the bedroom and bathroom give you a great view of the neighbors both day and night, and vice versa, as well as a traveling companion (let's hope you are very, very close) while you use the shower and the loo in full view ; 9) a luggage rack, or just don't bring much with you as the suitcase will end up on the floor taking up the path that goes around the free-floating bed in the middle of the room; 10) a rubber door stopper to keep the maids from barging in - those Do Not Disturb signs don't show up well in the very dark hallways. Thankfully the hotel provides ok toiletries and lots of plush towels to mop up the water that oozes out onto the oh so stylish flush-with-the-floor glass-walled shower. Call ahead for a showercap to be placed in the many shower-only rooms - who would think that someone might need one and they could be placed in the rooms automatically.Restaurant service is brusque with the black-clad waitresses constantly interrupting and one told us to cash out in the midst of a meal as she was leaving her shift and needed to get paid! On the positive side, the hotel is very well located on a fairly quiet street, the concierges were very helpful regarding restaurant suggestions and the day shift door men adept at giving directions and finding taxis.Great place for a wild weekend with a hot date, but not very practical for business travelers or those who expect the basics to be covered. If you go to mingle with the trendy crowd, Increase the odds that you and your paramour will get into the bar at night - check in on a weekday!	
Dec 2 2007	Nice Hotel	I have stayed here once before for business. Last time I found it a little too funky, appropriate for people younger than me. But my usual hotels in London were booked up, so ended up staying here again. This time, I was more comfortable. The glass wall around the bathrom did not bother me. Actually, I liked the firmness of the bed. The services such as the laundry valet, front desk, etc was good. The concierge, however, seemed a little less knowledgeable than usual for this class hotel. There is a popular bar in the lobby and the restaurant is extremely expensive. But I liked the hotel. Decent value for money.	
Nov 6 2007	Great place to take a girl	This was one of the best places that I have ever taken a girl - it was awesome - they have white draped curtains and a bed that is huge! And - it is right in the middle of London, with great access to Oxford Street and the Theatre DIstrict. I stringly recommend this place.	
Oct 26 2007 	Awesome Hotel cant wait to go back!!	This hotel is awesome, please please stay if you get the chance, you wont be dissapointed!!!	
Oct 23 2007 	Multiple visits like it	Good hotel with lots of amusing design quirks. Decent restaurant with nice courtyard .I have stayed there on a number of occasions and enjoyed it.Love the elevator.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Lifts - Great Spa	Had a great stay here . Full of quirky furnishings .The outside space is lovely you don t feel like youre in the middle of london .Lovely cocktails not cheap though.The spa experience was fab I felt like I was in heaven ,vast expances of white voile .I was shown to a beautiful lounger complete with personal telly.Being in the lifts was like being in space surrounded by the galaxy.Service great only downside room was not overly large but glass walls between the bedroom and the bathroom was slick.Would go back again ,Get yourself a deal by searching the internet. im	
Sep 30 2007	Too cool for school!!!!	No two ways about it, this is a seriously cool hotel. OK, so it's not exactly cheap but if you are looking for something special this is it.The entrance lobby is fantastic with loads of weird chairs and sofas to relax on. There are two bars leading off from the lobby. The first (The Purple Bar) opens in the evening only and is small and very intimate. They serve a huge range of martinis.The second (The Long Bar) is open all day and worth checking out. Not cheap (2 cocktails cost me 30 pounds!).The room was minimalist but beautifully presented. Only drawback was that here was no bath in the en suite.Definately an experience worth repeating! Take my advice on this one and book yourself in.	
Sep 25 2007	Good but not perfect!	The Sanderson is a fun hotel which takes itself a little too seriously. Upon check in I was surprised to be asked if we needed help with our bags-not quite what I had expected, there was also a lack of doormen too! Some of the staff have a slightly arrogant attitude and can bit perhaps a little abrupt. The rooms are comfortable and modern but nothing luxurious or particularly unusual really. The mini bar is very expensive with a water costing £4 and a mars bar £3.50 but to be expected I would imagine. We drank in both bars-I can't fault the cocktail bar but felt the other bar was a tad pretentious and was very under staffed. All in all we had a great time but I wouldn't rush back as overall I felt we have had better experiences in similar priced hotels.	
Sep 11 2007	hype 	I have stayed at this hotel for more than ten days and here are my views:the location is great, close to almost everywherethe rooms are interesting and so sexy and are comfortablehousekeeping may be a problem. if you leave your telephone dischanger on the floor while leaving the room in a rush, you will find it sitting on the floor when you are back in your room. and do not expect a wonderful housekeeping service. just average. for the money you are paying, you expect them to be more attantive and careful.minibar is the most expensive one I have ever come acrossthe bar is very very hype and trendydo not , but do not take the cars waiting in front of and recommended by the hotel cause they are cheating (the big luxury looking cars!). take a black cap or walk until oxford street and f?nd a cap.	
Sep 10 2007 	Modern Chic and Sexy	Stayed at the Sanderson for two nights for a romantic weekend in London. Greeted very warmly at the front desk and given key to our loft suite room 608. The rooms are very spacious and incredibly crisp with clean lines. A massive sleigh bed sits in the centre of the room with only a glass partition separating you from the basin shower and free standing bath - very sexy. Everything you would need from a top notch hotel room from double bath to umbrellas and a massive balcony to enjoy a drink on.We ate in the room on our first night and the food was excellent as it came from their Asian style cooking restaurant.The only negative was we ordered a chauffeur from the concierge to take us to a concert but he did not turn up. The hotel then very quickly arranged another car to take us and bring us back.The Sanderson is the best hotel I have stayed in for some time and the staff and amenities are first class. It is very expensive but well worth it for that special weekend.	
Aug 30 2007 	Is Sanderson too cool by far? Surely not!	Stayed at Sanderson for a weekend to celebrate my 7th wedding anniversary. First impressions are deceiving as from the outside it looks like a dodgy 80s office block but the lobby is filled with interesting furniture and this prepares you for the extravagance of Sandersons interior.We arrived at 15:30 but were told our room was not ready so were shown to the bar and given a complementary drink will we waited. The reception staff are very helpful and approachable.We chose to sit outside at one of the few tables not already reserved. Annoyingly as soon as we sat down a waitress came round flinging reserved signs on all of the tables outside. So book a table outside when you book your room if you want a drink when you arrive or in the evening. Our room was ready when we finished our drinks.The room was spectacular. We stayed in a loft king, 110 I think. Oh and the lift is very nice. Pitch black with a holographic start field on the walls! Bed was great, bathroom great but another hotel whose cool shower leaks all over the floor! The best bit was the roof terrace where we could sit out in the morning having a lazy breakfast, extended in this case given the very generous check out time of 12:00.We didn't use the hotel restaurant but the bar gets VERY busy. The billiard bar is very nice indeed.All in all a great hotel. Would I stay again....of course!	
Aug 7 2007 	Very Different	Hotel was very modern and ran into a couple of celebs here. room was small but nice, only thing was found it difficult to get the air conditioning to blow cool air, because of this room was quite stuffy! very expensive to drink here, and residence bar closes early so beware!! no tea making facilities in the room but overall the location was nice, staff were very friendly and did enjoy!	
Aug 7 2007 	Cocktails to die for!	My husband and I stayed at the Sanderson for a two day break for his Birthday.We enjoyed an excellent experience from the moment we walked in, to the moment we left.I was a bit worried that the staff would be a bit too &quot;beautiful&quot; to help - but I could not have been more wrong. They could not have done enough to make sure our stay was as pleasurable as possible.If you have the budget then I would definitely recommend one of the Forest Suites with a balcony. We booked Suite 606 and it was amazing and very well appointed. The air-con was especially welcome during the muggy evenings.The room service was prompt and of an excellent standard. The breakfasts were great and the cocktails in the Purple Bar were to die for! I would definitely recommend a stay at the Sanderson. It's not a family hotel - but great for romantic breaks in the old smoke.	
Aug 7 2007 	Best Hotel I have ever stayed in!!!	Do not believe the bad reviews this is the best hotel in London, All the staff are friendly and will do anyting to help you. This was a birthday suprise for me and I was so impressed, Stayed in the loft room 130 and had a gorgeous massive bed and bathroom with bath and shower! view of the restaurant below. hotel is within walking distance of China town and central soho so good for drinking. Purple bar is gorgeous and the chairs are of normal size (I noticed a below comment about the seats being small!!) Staff always greet you with a smile and room service is very quick had breakfast delivered to the room which was perfect. The hotel is trendy comfortable and good fun not your boring traditional hotel. I would recomend it to anyone! If I could move in I would Love it!!!! :-)	
Jun 20 2007	obsessed!!!!!	My bf and i stayed here ( i convinced his sweet little self) and it was really fun. Would not bring a family here, but for what we wanted it was awesome! The bar at night was packed and lots of fun (fri night),expensive drinks, trendy rooms. But walking distance to shoppinggreat concierge and fun at night. Would def. stay here again. The rooms are funky and stylish, same with the hotel. Its a young hip crowd and you dont have to leave to hotel to have a great fri evening.But, although the concierge was friendly the italian restaurant accross the street they 'got us in at last minute' was only- ok...try and find somewhere else. Also- dont go to Nobu- very $$, crappy tiny rolls and obnoxious waiters that dont even let you finish your food with out taking your plate. Ok, im getting sidetracked. We left the sanderson early sat morning but got a full english breakfast. Although im a brit this was SERIOUSLY good and worth every bite! Also the guys at the front door already knew the heathrow express was delayed and totally saved us from missing our flight. Its hot!	
Jun 3 2007	Guaranteed fun if you are alone or meeting one of your Londoner pals	Ask for Ian or Jasper. Fun lobby. Bartenders are flirtatious. Food is good. You can get into the latest clubs if you stay here.	
May 14 2007 	Over rated	This hotel is supposed to be the ultimate in luxury, despite all the rave reviews I feel otherwise. Yes the decor is very trendy and different, but I actually felt like I was in Ikea. The toilets were clean and the soap could have been from Tesco, locks didn’t work and the sanitary bins were broken. The corridors looked like they had just had emulsion of a trendy colour slapped and that was it! Our room was a basic room, but I have stayed in rooms with better facilities in a travel inn! The toiletries were non-existent, no cotton wool, or tissues, there was no kettle or tea making facilities, I rang reception for a kettle but it never arrived. The room was pokey and small, the only plus point was the hair dryer which was better then your average hotel dryer. The spa is well over rated, you sit in a big room with drapes and that is it, I am sorry but for the price I expect a little more then a chair a couple of apples and lots of white curtain. I did have a treatment, again you were surrounded by white curtain, this gave one the feeling of being in hospital rather then a luxury spa, also you could here the groups of girls talking in the chill out room, hardly what I would call relaxing. We ordered lunch which took over 30 mins to arrive, I had a chicken club sandwich, which cost £23, but was on cheap white bread, the salad was very poor as well and the dressing tasted like it had been made out of vegetable oil! As for the price of drinks, I was appalled, maybe I am a little out of touch, but £15 for a cocktail that took ages to arrive, is not my idea of a bargain.The long bar, yes is very cool, but also very presumptuous, the staff were very slow to serve and once again it cost a fortune, at around 12.00 I was told in a rather abrupt was to remove myself from the outside terrace area by a member of staff as they were closing it. There are ways of asking people in a polite way to leave the area.In short this hotel is trying to be trendy and chick, however the decor in trendy and cheap, and the drinks and drinking areas trendy, expensive and presumptuous! Sorry but take me to the Dorchester or Claridges next time!	
May 12 2007 	Great Bed!	Loved this hotel. The room was unique but very comfortable. I loved the bed. I liked the curtain as a bathroom wall. The shower was full and forceful. Blackout shades. Fun, lively scene at hotel bar. Restaurant pretty outdoorsy setting. Very short stroll to Oxford Street and Tube station. My only complaint - I could not find an electric outlet in the bathroom!	
Apr 30 2007 	Sanderson is Fabulous	The Sanderson is an ultra modern hotel near Oxford Circus Tube. It's similar to the St. Martin's Lane but much nicer, friendlier and the rooms are bigger. This is not a place where you can have privacy -- so it should be a close couple that books this room. It is very clean, beautifuly maintained. The lobby is total scene but there is quite bar just for patrons of the hotel. The service was excellent. We loved Ian the concierge who took great care of us -- got us into all the great restaurants. The location is good (near SoHo, West End, Covent Garden) to everything but Oxford is a very busy street.	
Apr 20 2007 	Best Breakfast!	My boyfriend booked us in here for my birthday as a surprise. Although some of the room decor seemed a little tired I loved the well sized room and beautiful big bed. The spa is a little overpriced and with next to no internal walls, I felt slightly nervous about being almost completely starkers! Purple bar was good although empty on the evening we visited. Cocktails very good but typically not that cheap. £9 for a 'classic' and £14 for a more modern drink. Well worth a go but if you're on a budget, I'd stick with one or two.I can't say enough about breakfast. It really was fantastic. Lots of choice and beautifully cooked. Fantastic fruit, croissants, pain au chocolat, yogurts and muffins were also available. The non-resident clientale seemed a little snobby though and I did get the impression that some people were there just to be seen. A little sad but don't let this put you off. Beautiful hotel and great service throughout our stay. Give it a go!	
Apr 5 2007 	Still leading the pack	I have stayed at The Sanderson several times with work over the years and whilst it is beginning to show it's age, it is still a great destination hotel. Obviously I would never be able to afford its published rates but each visit has been booked through websites and it works out as not much more than one of the better chains like Raddisson Edwardian. The staff have always been very charming, the room whilst no longer so fabulously trendy is still great fun and the cocktails in the Long Bar are wonderful. We were there mid-week and there were loads of people being turned away from the bar.Only downsides this stay was a lack of bar-food and the silly prices for the minibar and things like coffee.	
Mar 12 2007 	style wothout substance	Very funky lobby with very pleasant staff. Purple bar had highly uncomfortable tiny seats , long bar very very crowded. &quot;Space ship&quot; lift could have been at home at Disney's, corridors had minimal lighting which I found a bit naff. If you like net curtains than this is the hotel to go for, they were used everywhere in the room as screen/dividers. No heated towel rail, mirror at &quot;funky&quot; angle in order to make it difficult to put on make up. A wardrobe (a rail hiding behind a net curtain) in the bathroom is NOT stylish, nor is the socket for the hairdryer near the floor in the bedroom. WOW-there was a picture on the ceiling above the bed!I think they are just trying too hard to be different and for nearly £300 a night I expect style AND comfort. An experience, but not to be repearted.	
Feb 14 2007 	Sophisticated chic and trendy	We stayed here for two nights end of Jan, '07, and we had a great time in what can only be described as a complete design experience. Having read other TA reviews, I was expecting pouting staff looking gorgeous but completely useless; I was pleasantly surprised to see that the staff were some of the most hospitable I have encountered in a large hotel. They were polite, informative and extremely friendly in a very sincere way - not what you usually get from this type of place!The communal areas are fab., with a great and vibrant bar wich serve lovely cocktails and wines. The long central bar feels a little bit posy, but I guess the whole place is. The private bar was quiet on both nights we were there - early in the week - but is fun and decadent. The martini collection is nothing if impressive.Our room was a good size with a big sleigh bed and a running machine! White floor to ceiling curtains seperate the bathroom which was sleek, clean and of course trendy. (Only shower, no bath). Plenty of nice toiletries. Spa was an experience - the hot stone body massage, whilst pricey, was brilliant. It's a must see area of the hotel so do have go!Overall highly recommended as a great treat - didn't get chance to try the restaurant but it looks similarly stylish. Will definitely stay again.	
Feb 9 2007 	An expensive disappointment	£280 a night for a small room with tiny shower and no bath. Noisy fans outside room. Head of housekeeping possibly the rudest man I have ever come into contact with. Price quoted was ex vat so nice surprise of £80 on my bill as I checked out. If you value style over any kinf od substance or comfort this could be the place for you. By the way - if you thought the rooms were expensive, don't even venture to the bar where if the surly barmen will condescend to serve you you'll be asked to extract a kidney as payment - oh yes and it's extra for crisps. My 6am coffee was... £8.50 plus £3.50 for a biscuit. That's right £12 for a capuccino and a biscuit. Bargain	
Jan 27 2007 	Unique!	My new husband booked us 2 nights at this hotel as a surprise - and what an amazing stay! I had been to the bar before so I knew the decor was not that of your average hotel, but as it inhabits an old office block I was slightly dubious about how nice the rooms could be - how wrong I was! We had a HUGE room with silver sleigh bed, and everything else except a silver chair and red rug was pure white, with layers of net drapes and beautiful lighting to create different moods. The bathroom and double ended bath were equally big, with great products and more sexy lighting. The whole hotel is ultra modern and minimalist with very individual touches but it can be slightly overwhelming and waiting in the lobby one evening I definitely felt a little out of place without any designer glad rags on! I agree with previous reviews that this is a place to see and be seen so if that's not your thing, then a night or two for the experience and top central location should be enough - it is very expensive mind!	
Jan 25 2007	Hip hotel - Stay a night for the novelty factor or if you wish to be 'seen'	Stayed here for a week in November. It is a hip hotel popular with upcoming stars trying to get themselves seen and footballers. But I can't help but think it is all gets a little too much after a while. This is where Madonna did her interview screened on Oprah after the adoption of David so it does pull the stars ... but unfortunately all the staff are also waiting to be 'discovered' and most of the time it is difficult to get served as they are more interested in posing and preening themselves- that is unless you tip big! Imogen from BB was a receptionist here ... need I say more????Anyway - on to the review - The interior of the hotel is all sleek and white with a pitch black lift up to the room - unfortunately the standard rooms are absolutely tiny - even though they are very modern in terms of design and layout. But they are absolutely spotless with a crisp white and silver image. The first night there was an all night party in a nearby room (a famous guest apparently who they ended up asking to leave). The party was never ending, even after many visits from security, however the next day I was upgraded to a huge suite with free standing bath, sleigh bed, and separate lounge area! this room was enormous and very impressive. On checking out I was told that this room normally costs STG 750 per night - so aI was glad of the upgrade but I really don't think it would have been worth that sort of money. I also saw a delux room as I had a friend staying there ...and while slightly bigger, it would be considered a standard room in any other 5* hotel.The Long bar and the Purple bar are both nice but very small and it is difficult to get a seat in the long bar there when they are busy. The price of both the drinks and the finger food in the bars is quite pricy - more overpriced than most 5*'s in London - even the Ritz! Towards the end of the week the long bar is buzzing from about 4pm in the evening with lots of local business people and the glamorous set! At one stage I counted 11 bar staff behind the small bar - but yet there was no one to serve a drink. I ordered the dessert tasting plate another day and it took 50 minutes before i got it! It seemed if youtip high you are assured personal service both from the bar staff and the door staff - but otherwise they can't be bothered! But be warned - the amount of times guy's tried to pick me up in the hotel was unbelievable.. .even in the corridors to the rooms I was propositioned. It seems there are a lot of call girls working in this hotel regularly (you can even find them wandering around floors knocking on rooms) - so for a single woman it is a bit of a nightmare to sit in the bar if you are alone and don't want that sort of attention. Men even waited for me outside the ladies asking if i was looking for a good time!There was a fight in the Purple bar one night when a drunk group of 2 girls/2 guys were ordering cocktails and no-one was paying - the staff handled it well and called out one of the guys who was staying in the hotel to tell him he was being used by the two girls. Thee appeared to be a lot of free loaders or hangers on hanging around the hotel most of the time - this was a complete turnoff as you felt everyone was insincere as a result! The Billiards room also was closed off most of the time for private parties. Another gripe about the purple bar is that the hostess was always asking if you were on the VIP list to gain entry there - and thjen when you went in it was always practically empty.If you want to get away from it all then there is a very relaxing seating area near the treatment room - all in white - where there was absolutely no noise and it was a nice getaway from the fuss. The gym is also impressive with lots of equipment and in the week I was there I never saw anyone else use it.All in all I would recommend this hotel for a night out in London (Just don't book a standard room)- Fantastic location near SoHo and the West End for shows etc - but if you are a looking for 5* treatment, luxury plush surrounding and a relaxing environment - then stay elsewhere. Note - I've found that this hotel is often available as a 'top secret hotel' on Lastminute at a much reduced rate so worth taking a look there!	
Jan 9 2007 	Funky 	On arrival reception was full off eye catching bits, lips sofa, sliver thrown, long chaise longe, pictures of dogs heads, alien chair, the bar was busy and the music was pumping (2 in the afternoon) All staff were very helpful especially doormen and reception, check in was quick and friendly we were shown to our room via the stepping into a space themed lift and given quick but informative details about the hotel. Rooms are amazing all clean, modern, elegant sleigh beds, glass walls, flowing curtains, ceiling to floor mirrors, running machine and weights (not used haha) desk/dressing table. Bathrooms were fun nice products, lovely bath, fun free standing sink!! Long Bar equally as busy in the evening great cocktails, purple bar less busy and more intimate!! Breakfast was fab (£22.00) so try and get it included in the package delish pastries, fruit, cereals and juices followed by a posh fry up all served until 12 which is a bonus!! Overal Fun stay, funky, modern, lively not ideal for anyone over 40 unless young at heart!!Minor thing the bar is loud and can be heard in rooms facing the centre court of the hotel for an early night or less noisy stay ask for a street facing room!!	
Jan 8 2007 	Absolute top experience	Hoteliers, send your managers and staff to Sanderson to learn how a hotel shall be operated and guests should be treated!After staying the last four days at Sanderson, me and my wife talks about the staff and the value of having the right people onboard at a hotel. -Sandersons has a staff that I wish all the people staying at hotels should have the opportunity to meet.We have been staying at many upper class hotels over the years and I must say that Sanderson is the best one we have ever experienced as to the overall picture in which ,as you may have already understood, the staff plays a very very important role.Go here if you are young at mind, experience how good things are at a hotel where the staff is proud to work and proud to give you all the service you would ever dream of, all on a personal basis.Peter G	
Jan 5 2007 	unforgetable.	I have been wanting to stay at the sanderson for a long time now since i am a big fan of cutting edge design hotels –and of designer Philippe stark in particular.I booked a deluxe room for new years eve weekend – 28/12/06-1/1/07 and was hoping for a very romantic and memorable stay in this very famous hotel on this very special time of the year.i got everything i wished for.The design – well it is truly fabulous – different then any other hotel I ever stayed at in the world: it is unexpected, beautiful, original, amazing and you cant get enough of it. It is like a perfect bizzar dream, if you know what i mean.Front desk – the staff at the sanderson are young and friendly. They treated us with perfect manner. we arrived at the hotel at 9 am and immediately were given a room although check in time was 3 pm! Concierge – was helpful and even got us a table at &quot;j-sheeky&quot; restaurant on a Saturday evening! (one of the hottest seafood spots in town with an impossible waiting list)The deluxe room –not words nor pictures can truly describe how wonderful and pleasant It really was. Sized about 42 sqm. The bed was very large, very very beautiful and incredibly comfortable. The floor was wooden, the bath area was spacious and included a stand alone bath, a walk in shower, a toilette – all designed magnificently. In fact every item you find in the room is superb – from the toiletries to the towels – to the amazing sofa – to the picture on the ceiling.Don’t be nervous about the &quot;see through bathroom&quot; – when you use the electrical curtains it becomes completely privet and the whole room get amazing colored lighting effect that makes it feel very heavenly and sensual. The aqua spa – is b-e-a-t-i-f-u-l. Book a massage and you will enter another dimension.The purple bar – is for the use of hotel guests only. It is small, dark, extremely cool and relaxed. Amazingly designed.The long bar – hip trendy and buzzing – not our cup of tea although very stylish indeed.Courtyard – stunning. The gym – spacious with cutting edge equipment. The billiard room – again, so beautiful!Location – prefect – 2 min from oxford and regent streets, 7 min from soho and fabulous covent garden.Prices – when you come to London you should prepare yourself for the fact that you are coming to one of the most expensive cities in the world. And the sanderson definitely lives to it's city's rep. it is extremely expensive to stay at the sanderson. Everything costs… even cocktails start at 11 pounds and I don’t even want to start telling you about the prices of the spoon restaurant or the room service. It is EXPENSIVE!Summery – if you got the cash – you really got to give the sanderson a try. It is not just a beautiful hotel to sleep in - it is an amazing experience that makes you feel very special and to me – worth the money.* don’t book any room except the deluxe or one of the lofts. We asked to see The smaller &quot;standard&quot; and &quot;superior&quot; rooms to check out the décor and they were small enough to really piss you off!	
Jan 4 2007 	Fun 	Hotel very minimalistic and modern, with some lovely features. Staff very pleasant &amp; helpful.Only one gripe:-Having my son &amp; his girlfriend return to the Hotel with us to enjoy a night cap, the staff in the Purple Bar commenced covering the optics with clingfilm and even mopped the bar floor, whilst we sat with our guests. Not what I had expected for such a hip Hotel!!	
Dec 12 2006 	Funky Quirky and Surreal	Words cannot fully describe this hotel and photos would not do it justice. This hotel is amazing and really different from what else is on offer in London. As you walk up to the hotel, the outside of the building looks quite plain and standard, however as soon as you step into the lobby it is like Alice stepping through the looking glass into another dimension. The lobby has a pop art feel to it with a different types of furniture dotted around the place and there are unusual framed paintings of dogs looking straight at you. As you step into the lift, you are encased in an almost pitch black 3D outer space environment with funky music playing. There is a beautifully designed Billiard room near the lobby which also features several strange pieces of furniture such as chairs with mammoth horns coming out of it. The long bar is buzzing at night, and everyone looks young and trendy. My husband and I stayed in a Deluxe Room with a city view. The room does have a wow factor to it. The room is all white and silver and minimalist which makes the room look crisp and clean. The bed is placed diagonally across the room and there is a painting directly over it. There are so many cool features, from a giant egg sculpture next to the chair, silver dumbbells on the wall to little silver tea-light candles lit at turndown. The bathroom is separated by a clear glass wall and one sheer curtain and one thick curtain, there was a small sink and a free standing bathtub, next to this space is a walk-in shower and the toilet which are both separated by opaque glass, there are no internal walls. There is no wardrobe and the only place to hang clothes is on a clothes rack in the bathroom area. This hotel is lovely especially if you are looking for something modern and different. It is fun, funky, quirky, trendy and very surreal and I cannot wait to go back again.	
Nov 26 2006 	The Nightclub Residential Experience	There is so much to say about this hotel! Other reviews will mention the high prices, the long bar and the pictures above the bed so I won't go into detail on them. I shall instead write briefly about my overall impressions of the overall experience we had here.I would say the whole place is like a trendy nightclub. The lifts are pitch black, with illuminated walls shining patterns of stars and planets, and loud funky music. The corridors leading to the rooms are also very dark. The music is a recurring motif of the hotel - at breakfast it was pretty loud too! In our room there was even a CD that you could buy of the hotel's 'soundtrack'.Our deluxe room had lots of nice little details that we enjoyed, ranging from the Phillipe Starck dumbells on the wall to the lovely, weighty little alarm clocks and the stylish glass-walled shower room (You can do great 'Evil Genius' impressions in there thanks to the superb echo!). The transparent walls ensure that you and your significant other will never be out of each other's sight - so this is a place that couples may enjoy more than lone business travellers.We found the service to be very friendly and efficient. All the staff were good-looking and trendy, and far from stuck-up as could have been the case.The other residents seemed to be mid- to late thirties upwards, and looked well-off (well, you'd have to be wouldn't you?). Come nightfall, the bars are packed with attractive people in their late-20s upwards and you begin to really see the whole point of the hotel. The transition from bar to bedroom is seamless as an experience.So in summary - yes the long bar is great, yes the purple bar is smoky, and yes the pool table always seems to be taken, but if you're young (or young at heart!), well-heeled and are after a residential nightclub experience, this is probably the place to get it.	
Nov 25 2006	Overrated achingly hip however achingly uncomfortable	A five star hotel should be: comfortable, discreet, glamourous, clean with impeccable serviceI absolutely despise this place or maybe I am a bit too old for it, late thirties. It feel like an expensive nightclub with bedrooms instead of a hotel. The constant music piping in the lifts, are intially ok, but following a few trips can be incredbily annoying. My room, merely a standard room was pretty awful considering how much I paid for it. The bathroom floor was stained, a permanent stain, I hasten to add. Toiletries minimal, however you could purchase a few more, 'purchase' being the operative word, the dressing gowns were washed out and scratchy. As for its hipness, well a boxy sony television is hardly cool these days!Not to mention the purple bar which is really overpriced!As for the doorman, well they tend to disappear on a regular basis!The hotel saving grace is the long bar, which has an increbile vibe. The Sanderson no more, give me the Four Seasons, Dorchester or Claridges any day..................Canadian and British hotels!	
Sep 29 2006 	One in a million	From check in to check out I felt really special. The bellman treated me so kindly with all their assitance.I found the entrance to the hotel almost took my breath away. You just don't find many hotels in the world quite like the Sanderson. The little touches like the candle in the room and the amazing aqua spa. Which I would go everyday if I could. I was very surprised at some of the negative remarks made on this site about the Sanderson as could not find a floor with this hotel. You feel like you are in another place when staying there. I will be back very soon.	
Sep 12 2006	not enough bang for your buck - for me anyhow	myself and my husband stayed here while he was in London on business, the reviews of the hotel looked good and its in a great location.From the outside, the hotel looks dreadful, inside, things get much better, the lobby is cool, but i'm not sure if it makes a cohesive whole....the receptionists are all good looking, dressed in black - quite trendy rather than chic. The lifts are dark - think night sky, i found them too weird,,,,Our room was a standard and like another reviewer, the tv was totally wrong in the room. Also, there were stains on the walls, which are very obvious in an all white room - lastly, although our room was non-smoking, I definitely got the smell of smoke in the room - didn't ask to be moved however, as we were jsut too rushed for time. The picture did fall off the ceiling narrowly missing my husband - the hotel did absolutely nothing by way of an apology, which for me says it all....We had planned to stay in the hotel for dinner, the outdoor terrace is lovely, however, after a mediocre lunch - club sambo for 17 quid, we decided not to bother and headed elsewhere. We came back to the hotel for drinks and were very disappointed - we were not allowed to have a drink outside - it was a sunday and was about 11.30 and instead headed into the purple bar, which was full of smoke and very low seating. The service was terribleOverall, great location and very trendy, but they have some way to go to deliver the service their prices demand	
Aug 8 2006 	pricey..but worth the experience	We knew we were going to pay a lot to stay here, but I love splurging on cool hotels for the experience, and the Sanderson was pretty much worth it. There were a few hiccups with our room rate (they had us down for a more expensive rate but I had the confirmation with our actual rate which they honored when I showed them the printout) and they also inadvertantly checked someone else into our room while we were out to lunch. But their head concierge Ian was fabulous and upgraded us to a king suite with terrace which was unbelievable. I found the staff very nice and helpful and although it was very expensive for drinks at the bar and any add ons...anyone who books this quality of hotel should anticipate such charges. Definitely recommended if you are willing to splurge and looking for a unique experience.	
Jul 23 2006 	Favorite hotel in the world	Sanderson is definately my favorite hotel. This was my second stay and it was even better. The standard rooms are a little smaller than the superior but they are just as much fun. Everything is very clean and modern. I love the curtains and the glass between the bathroom and room. All of the staff are friendly if you are staying at the hotel and it is easy to get something if you need it. The Long Bar is always fun and makes some of the best drinks in London, as does the Purple Bar. The lobby is a scene and always fun to walk through. The agua spa is amazing, really one of a kind, and has great massages. The restaurant is nice in the summer because you can sit in the outside terrace which is beautiful. The food is good but for the money I'd recommend Asia de Cuba at the St Martins Lane. The location is also perfect as it is right near Oxford Street and Soho, everything is walking distance, good for restaurants and nightlife. It's very expensive but I'll come back whenever I have the chance.	
Jul 13 2006	Cold room cold staff cold experience	I've stayed in some of the best hotels in London and abroad and this by far achieved the ugly title of worst yet. I took my partner here as we were attracted to the fashionable modern appearance and location in the centre of London. By all accounts the Hotel was trendy, seemed to be buzzing and the staff were attractive and dressed well. However they were also shockingly aloof and arrogant, quite patronising and clearly disinterested in anything other than how their hair looked or whether they could stiff you for a few extra quid! The room was quite dirty (a deluxe) and everything was at an added cost. Where did my £500 go? Although the minimalist appearance was quite kitch and unusual I really didn't think it warranted the premium I had to pay. I'd expect better service in a 2 star in Peckham. For example; they suggested we should get a cab to our chosen restaurant (a short walk away, say 15 mins) which we initially objected to, and then they persuaded us that 'it's ok we'll get one of our cars to take you' which seemed good of them, only to find it had a £10 premium on the fare, they gave us the impression it was free nevermind more than normal! I asked, and checked twice, for a bottle of champagne to be put in the room on arrival, there was none. We were told rooms weren't available until 3, and despite asking several times they really didn't have any flexibility in this at all, and became quite rude when I asked if I could ask them to make an exception. The bar staff were rubbish and seemed to want to wind us up. Altogether I had a good night as I was partying in London, but I would definitely not recommend you go unless you have serious cash to burn for very little reward. I got the impression they get very little repeat business and because of their location they didn't care! My experience would have been just as good in a two star, seriously.	
Jul 13 2006	The Staff made it an enjoyable (but pricey) stay	From the minute we pulled up in the cab the staff at the sanderson made us feel important and special. All details, even storing important camera equipment while the room was turned, was addressed professionally, with courtesy, and concern. Gary escorted us to our room, i felt weird because i called it a &quot;freak show&quot;.....it was small, no view, the windows didn't open, faced a fire escape, no bathtub, etc. I'm not a big &quot;Boutique Hotel&quot; person, but the trendiness certainly made up for it in other places in the hotel. It really is like being in a big art piece. The long bar is clean, functional, and loaded with energy and good looking people. Cocktails were created with verve and panache, and were very tasty. Questions were answered and care was given with every interaction with the staff. Be prepared to spend! Took three friends out in the courtyard restaurant, had a few drinks and appetizers, the lobster salad, and a seared tuna, bill was $450. Room for two nights was $1000., but it did include continental breakfast, where i had very yummy oatmeal. The neighborhood was alive and too full of people, reminicent of Times or Herald Squares in NYC. Conversion rate is definitely not good right now.	
Jun 1 2006	Style over substance?	I am a designer and I have, for some time, had an ambition to stay at this hotel. I was not disappointed, It does have a WOW factor and it is visually exciting. All the public areas are beautifully designed and unlike many hotels you actually want to spend time there. The bedrooms however are not quite as successful. We had a double room, probably the cheapest room rate and I cannot comment on more expensive rooms. The room was quite small, all white with a double bed positioned in the centre of the space. The bathroom (with shower only) is a glass cubicle with curtains. The loo was 'bog standard' no evidence of Philippe Starck here! The shower did not work and flooded the floor. The shaver point was impossibly positioned in relation to the mirrors and the sink with no plug made washing contact lenses a chore. The heating system was irratic. So although it looked fantastic It was not a pleasure to use. This is an expensive hotel. A pot of tea after our night out cost £14.Why do hotels charge such silly amounts for basics like tea and water? It irritates and makes you think the whole place is a rip off. A word about the staff: fantastic! The Charm School has done a good job!	
May 29 2006 	OK But Watch Out for the Purple Bar	Everything would have been rated as top notch were it not for a snotty hostess in the Purple Bar. I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights and each night she asked me if I was a guest at the hotel, while she clearly did not ask others the same question. Usually, I had to ask for the bill more than once, one night I actually stood up and waited for her to bring it. I once was there with a business client and his jacket unknowingly fell to the floor. Rather than picking it up, she just kicked it aside with her foot. Totally unprofessional behavior for a hotel of such a high caliber (and price).	
May 18 2006	Super cool	The Sanderson is my favorite of the Schrager hotels. The lobby is hip and bar are hip, as expected. The service is impeccable and the rooms are a slice of heaven. You are enveloped in a sea of white - curtains, bedding, floors, walls and feel like you're floating on a cloud. I loved escaping to my room after a hectic day of sightseeing. To top it off, the location is perfect for being on top of all the action. I can't wait to be back in London and stay here again!	
May 15 2006	We were not disappointed	We loved the clean modern esthetics of the room. Everything was bright white, from the walls, the furniture and the bedding, but done in a tasteful understated yet quirky way. There was a glass wall with gauzy curtains that separated the main bedroom from the bathroom and the room itself was quite big (we were on the top floor, and this may have been one of the deluxe room). I used the wonderful stand-alone bathtub several times during the trip and the bubble bath they provide is quite decadent.The hotel is located in a convenient area, about three block from the nearest tube station (Goodge street). The street is safe and quiet, though only about two blocks away from the shopping madness of Oxford Street. The staff was quite friendly and helpful, and the hotel itself is hip and trendy with a very &quot;happening&quot; bar scene. Definitely more designed for the younger crowd.As several other reviewers mentioned, this is not a hotel for everyone. If you have more traditional taste, and like rooms with antiques and chintz, Sandersons is not for you.	
May 8 2006	A hotel to remember...	I took my partner to stay at the Sanderson Hotel as a surprise for his birthday, and we loved every minute of it. We stayed only one night and from the moment we arrived we appreciated the quirky and modern nature of the hotel. The front desk staff were incredibly friendly and really made us feel right at home, despite the fact we are probably not their usual clientele (we were dressed more trendy/student than designer/chic)! They informed us they were fully booked in their standard accommodation and we were upgraded several levels to a Deluxe King. The room was fantastic and in my opinion of a more than adequate size. The bed was immense and the best I have ever spelt in, with soft duvets and plenty of pillows. The decoration was intriguing and while modern, never felt sparse or uncomfortable. We especially enjoyed the picture on the ceiling! The pink and white curtains which surrounded the room provided a sensual atmosphere, and the fact they were electrically controlled also ensured they were practical as well as looking great. We loved this feature, as did we the lighting, which is versatile in creating different moods while keeping the room bright and airy. I will echo from the previous reviews that the bathroom does not have &quot;walls&quot; as such, but panes of glass which separate it from the room. The curtains can be pulled across to give you some privacy. The shower was large, strong, powerful and hot. Being a fan of Starcks' designs I loved the fixtures. We did not use the standalone bath but it was a nice feature to have. The towels were as large as bedsheets, and the bathrobes were an excellent touch.Yes, the mini bar is expensive but nobody makes you use it. We did not sample room service nor have time to visit either the restaurant or the two bars, but they were both busy and full of life. The public areas of the hotel are all interesting and well presented, with the unique elevators taking the staring role!This hotel is clearly not for everyone, but for us it was a fun and memorable night away in an ideal location. The room upgrade, the little candle lit in the room when we entered, the superb and friendly service at front desk all made it unique. It is expensive, and in all honesty perhaps a little overpriced, but if you're going to blow the budget you'd struggle to find a more fun place to do so than the Sanderson!	
Apr 13 2006	Sanderson great	First the Sanderson is in a great location to visit London. Soho, Covent Garden, Shaftesbury Avenue, Oxford Street and Hyde Park are all close by. If you re prepared to walk for 30-45 mins Knightsbridge and the Museums are also within reach. Perfect, we were there for three nights and never used the tube. OK it looks quite expensive but not really in London terms. The staff are excellent concierge and booking in staff very friendly and efficient especially helpful in guiding you to restaurants etc even printed us a map to allow us to walk to a restaurant without a problem.The rooms are quite small and extremely modern(think hospital room white) but everything works well i.e showers etc although our rooms TV was quite old not at all in keeping with the room.The Purple Bar is great after a night out in town only small but very busy and friendly. Not sure about the long bar only stayed there very briefly too many people celeb spotting for me! Finally the breakfasts where extremely good and my girlfriend said I had to mention the lifts they are great playing the best tunes I heard in London that weekend.I ll be back soon!	
Apr 10 2006	What an experience	Sanderson is absolutely a must!! Rooms are not so big, but it is simply stilish..coming back in the afternoon I found candles light up..could you imagine a white room lighted by candles?The SPA is just the entering room of Heaven!Bars and cocktails are more that 5 stars rated!Thanks Sanderson!	
Mar 20 2006 	Fab - As usual!	Sanderson is such a great hotel, the rooms are trendy and cool, very comfortable in every way. The bar attracts a nice group of people and it's very easy to chat to everyone. Give this place a try! Don't forget your Jimmy Choo's at home, you will need them!	
Mar 1 2006	Celeb spotting	Decided to take a young lady friend to see the delights of the Purple bar.Was not disappointed at all in the place from the moment I met the concierge.I had phoned in advance and asked to enter the purple bar as a non-resident.This, I was told, is never a problem and I received an email saying I was on the guest list and it should be fine to come down on tuesday evening.After browsing the &quot;rather&quot; expensive menu I decided on a martini cocktail......which was so addictive I drank more than 4 of them that evening.On the celebrity side of things I was pleased to have met and spoken to a very friendly young American lady called 'Pink'. She was talking to her small group of 3 friends about her house in the States, her wedding ring ..etc...It was such a private lil hideaway that celebs feel safe, chilling out in the Purple bar, and I felt comfortable bringing my friend there.If you don't mind spending a quite a bit of money then this is your place!!!ENJOY!!	
Feb 23 2006 	Awesome! Amazing! Astonishing! Triple AAA!	Stayed at Sanderson hotel 18-22 February 2006, and it was a fabulous experience. Everything about the hotel is great. The décor all over the place is fantastic, from the beautiful lobby, the attractive long bar with its striking garden, the intimate purple bar, the lovely billiard room, the sophisticated restaurant, the stunning aqua spa area and the gorgeous rooms. Yes it is definitely a Philip Starch experience and if you don’t like that style you should go elsewhere. The service is brilliant. I have been to St Martin’s lane as well, which is very nice, but this is the flagship! I have stayed at many other top class hotels in London, but this is going to be my regular spot in the future. Go there and experience something different! Enjoy!	
Jan 16 2006	Sanderson - relaxing and sexy	After a very long and stressful 2005, my husband decided to take me for a surprise break to London and we stayed at the Sanderson hotel. My husband has stayed there on business many times. He often talks about the hotel and the staff, but I have never been.The whole experience was simply magical and I think Christmas time in London made it more so.The rooms are very dream-like and very very white (amazingly clean - you can tell that I am a housewife and mother!). A real treat for me was the spa - Agua - I felt as if I had drifted off to another world.Thank you Sanderson. You have chilled out a stressed out Mummy!Fingers crossed that I can visit Sanderson again.	
Jul 17 2005	Hype - but better than OK	Standard rooms are VERY small and decoration is amusing for a day or two but no longer. Premium rooms are very expensive - one can find better for one's money.Service is excellent.Bars are good - restaurant is poor.Trendy.Good for a weekend on the town.	
Jul 5 2005 	superb hotel and service	Second time at the hotel on a business trip. Excellent service from check in to check out. Room service is a bit overpriced and foreign exchange rates are not competitive although there is a FX exchange within a five minute walk. Agua spa is woth a visit, buy book ahead for any treatment. Long Bar is a must, noisy and jammed from 6 pm on Friday evenings, but the Purple room is rather quiet. Not for eveyone since this is a non traditional hotel but if you are into design, fashion, media, and music, you will not de disappointed.	
Jul 1 2005 	Overrated	Let's start with the obvious - the Long Bar is a great, trendy, very expensive restaurant that's a draw for people in London, and a fun part of staying at this hotel. But I was otherwise very disappointed in this place, as I seem to be lately with all the Shrager properties. The service was inconsistent - ranging from calm and professional to aloof and judgemental. The room were incredibly small, and while chic, it felt cold and impersonal. But what surprised me was that it was quite noisy; I could clearly hear people in the hallway all night long. When I went to check out, there was a huge screw up with extra charges and it took far longer than necessary to get settled, making me nearly miss my flight to the airport. (I was there an extra 40 minutes!) I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jun 3 2005	A fantastic Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Sanderson to take a break for the weekend. We arrived on Friday, and found ourselves in a different world. The sleek designs were amazing, and the staff were absolutely amazing. The manager on duty checked us in (Jason?). He knew our names before I had even got to the front desk, and remembered it for the entire stay. We asked for his help a number of times throughout the two nights, and he was always happy to help-truly one of the best i have ever seen. All other staff were only too happy to help, and amazingly intuitive to whatever you could possibly be wanting. Suzie, the concierge, was able to get me into the perfect restaurant for us (at very limited notice), simply by asking me one or two questions, and the cocktails in the purple bar were among the finest we have ever had.I would stay there again and again for a weekend of fun or simply to unwind. The hotel is amazing, but the staff are incredible.	
Apr 12 2005	Will never stay here again!	We had won a weekend holiday in London and were booked into the Sanderson hotel. As it was a 5 star luxury hotel we were really looking forward to it. On check in, the receptionist kept clicking away on her computer for ages before we asked if there was a problem and she said &quot;yes, i do not have a booking for you.&quot; We were made to wait for approx 40 mins before they realised that they did have a room for us, apparently there had been some mix up somewhere!!!!We made our way to the lifts only to find it pitch black inside apart from moon and stars decor on the walls, exiting the lift to our floor we found that was also pitch black apart from small lights outside each door illuminating the room numbers. When entering our room it felt like we were in a hospital ward, net curtains in abundance with white walls and bedding.No dressing table, no wardrobe and only one socket (not practical for women who use hairdryers and tongs!!). Prices were ridiculous, cup of coffee @£4.62 and a gin and tonic and glass of water in the residents bar £13.50. We actually checked out a day early and were glad to get home to some normality. If you want a futuristic clinical hotel this is it, otherwise don't waste your time....or money!!!!!	
Apr 12 2005	Modern expensive and a bit overrated	If you like minimalistic surroundings, this hotel is the place to be. The rooms are very white and there is hardly any furniture, only a desk and a bed. The bed was lovely though. I usually have trouble sleeping in hotelbeds but not this time. The bathroom was nice. Orange sink, great shower and a green lit mirror. The toilet seemed a bit cheap and it wasn't attached very well. The other thing that bothered me was the fact that there was no closet. I had to leave my clothes in my suitcase. The staff was very friendly and attentive. However, DONT LET THEM ARRANGE A CAB FOR YOU! The hotel has a deal with the most expensive cab-service in London. We partied in the same area for two nights. The first night the hotel arranged a cab for us: We payed 25 pounds. The next night we arranged one ourselves (an official radiotaxi) and only had to pay 6 pounds. The bars in the hotel were very nice and we had some expensive but lovely cocktails. The only negative thing I can think of was that the people in the white bar were a bit pretentious. The hotel is located in Soho, the place to be. But the street in which it is situated is truely the most boring street in Soho. If you are into hip minimalistic designerhotels you can better stay at St. Martins Lane, a hotel of the same group. The rooms were a bit smaller but nicer (with light in adjustable colours) and the location is so much better: in the heart of Soho in a street that is alive and vibrant.	
Apr 5 2005	Great Hotel	Spent a weekend at this hotel last month and loved it to bits. The receptionists were great and the camp concierge guy was a scream, coming out with some great one liners. Took my 13 year old daughter who thought he was fab and the hotel ultra cool. COuldnt quite work out initially why check in/check out along with any request was dealt with in such a hassle free way.... then wondered if it was because they were all male?? just a thought.....Great lobby , loved the art and furniture. Lifts are whacky and should think very strange if you were worse for wear! The long bar was very trendy and packed the Sat night we stayed - although trying to get a 13 year old through the bar to the Spoon Restaurant situated at the other end of the bar was not an experience to be repeated although she thought fun! The waiter kindly found us another way back to our room when we had finished. The food and service in Spoon was excellent as was the breakfast the following morning although there wasnt much of it!The room we had was very stylish but as a previous reviewer has mentioned a bit Ikeaish. We tried to book some Spa treatments but apparently have to book weeks in advance so that was a little disappointing but overall a great hotel and would certainly stay again.	
Jan 26 2005	Crazy place good time	We arrived in the Sanderson late one night, having travelled for about 15 hours from the Indian sub continent. The bar was busy, a good sign, and the lobby was not crowded with people. The desk staff were very helpful (and attractive!) and we were shown to our room straight away. The lifts were the first &quot;unusual&quot; thing you notice about this hotel, as they were black with dance music playing in the background instead of the usual muzak. Our room smelled of smoke. We weren't sure what to do (we were very tired) but eventually decided we wanted to change, which was quick and efficiently done. The bellboys didn't even grumble when they had to carry all our bags back down to the lobby again (although we did tip generously).Now, here's the thing. The Sanderson is a &quot;hip&quot; hotel, a &quot;minimalist&quot; hotel, whatever that means. If you expect to walk in and find the usual comforting ambience then be prepared for a shock. There is nothing in the room. A big bed in the middle, facing away from the door, turned to an angle. A writing table / headboard behind the bed, with two bed side tables. A TV. Strangely shaped metal weights on the wall. And that's it. Everything is white. We didn't even know where the lockers were!I was very tired and a little moany and wasn't in the mood for the artiness of the place. The toilet / shower doesn't have a door, but a curtain - automatic at that. The sink is free standing and again positioned at an angle in the room. There's an odd painting hanging on the ceiling over the bed. However, once I got in to bed, things started looking up. It was amazing - the sheets and duvet and pillows were all feather and so unbelievabley comfortable. I drifted off in no time.Next morning, we went for breakfast and I am still drooling over it. Fantastic! You don't get much, but what you do get is just super. The best poached eggs I have ever eaten, and the sausages were great. Very attractive, friendly waiting staff.The concierge was hilarious. As camp as they come, he informed us he &quot;wouldn't be seen dead darling!&quot; in Camden, as we asked if he knew the area! A very nice guy though, he helped us find some obscure shop we were looking for. Purple bar was nice, but as mentioned by others, there was no one in it! We met a London friend and had a drink, but even later when we came back from dinner, there was still no one there. The main bar was bustling though. We didn't stay for a drink, we just wanted to get back into that bed!By now I was used to the quirky room. In time I got to love it. If you arrive tired after a long flight it is kinda weird, but if you arrive with an open mind and in the mood for something new, then its great. The door staff were great, helpful for holding taxis and opening doors etc.By the way, don't order room service, absurdly expensive!	
Jan 4 2005	We stayed for 'New Year' at the Sanderson	and had an excellent time. The staff were really friendly and made us feel very welcome. Two very different bars to choose from and the most bizarre lift/elevators around !	
Dec 22 2004 	The details could be better for the price...	We stayed at the Sanderson for a week in October. We're familiar with the Morgans Group aesthetic and approach to service, so were not surprised when we arrived at an eclectic, trendy, but comfortable hotel in a prime location.The room was comfortable, and I like the emphasis and space given to the bathroom. My only gripes were the insufficient storage, tiny desk, and charge for internet access.Service-wise, they let us down a few times. First, we were promised an Amex Platinum upgrade at check-in, but it never materialized. After some cajoling, they offered us a slightly bigger room in the same category (&quot;deluxe&quot; at almost $US500 per night). It was still just a room, albeit with a freestanding bath. We also had three separate problems with room service. I think it was mostly a language barrier--don't expect perfect English in London. The concierge was enthusiastic, if not really very inspired--all his suggestions seemed to be too conveniently located in the neighborhood. London is bigger than Soho.The gym is good, and the place has a buzz, but on the whole I would be inclined to try the Kemps' Soho Hotel the next time I want to stay in the neighborhood.	
Dec 17 2004	Great Hotel	Enjoyed our stay at the Sanderson very much, a little nervous before we arrived due to some pretty bad reviews, we had already booked and paid for 8 nights in advance so had no choice but to continue with the booking and expected the worst, but we were very surprised with everything, staff, room, gym, breakfast, everything was great, would definately recommend the hotel and if in London again would only stay there...Great location...	
Dec 8 2004	I will come back !	I took my wife to London for our wedding anniversary and we chose the Sanderson for all its hype... and we were not dissapointed ! Everything was excellent, from the room to the staff ! We had an excellent time there drinking martinis at the Long Bar (thank you Roberto), eating at the the Spoon+ and chilling out at the most excellent Purple Bar. Only problem : you just don't want to go out ! If you love design, bars and eating then you will love this place. Just to be honest the Spoon+ isn't the best restaurant out there but it sure is on the top list for trendy eating hideouts.	
Nov 16 2004 	Stylish but not great.	I was recently in London on business and looked forward to the peaceful, tranquil minimalist white rooms of the very stylish Sanderson. What I ended up with was a room on the first floor just above the bar which has a live dj and is very noisy. My room was far from peaceful. I called up and asked to be moved and the staff were very polite. They didn't have a room but would call me tomorrow and move me for the remainder of my trip. They didn't call. This went on for days until eventually they closed the bar for a private function. Not only were hotel guests excluded from the bar and dining area, the party had a live band and was EVEN LOUDER. This went on until 1am and the staff could do nothing to help.The room itself was okay but a little dark as it was on the inside of the building. I've stayed there before and had a much lighter room on the outside and would definitely ask for one of those. It was still very stylish and comfortable with a dvd player and a nicely stocked minibar. Great bed and bed linen.So... ask for an outside room on a high floor and you should be fine. The staff were very friendly, just a bit useless at times. The room service is good but don't expect to get everything you order. The wake-up calls are unreliable so take an alarm clock.All in all I much prefer the St. Martins Lane hotel from the same group.	
Nov 16 2004	Perfect!	Absolutely the best hotel I've ever been to!The decoration throughout is super-cool, but the staff really friendly so we felt right at home! The room (a standard one) was excellent with the legendary glass bathroom and painting on the ceiling and a reasonable size for London.The purple bar is tiny and totally candlelit with the most amazing martini menu - including chocolate ones - £8 or £9 each though so don't go mad! Breakfast out in the courtyard garden under the heaters was wonderful - we could have stayed there all day.If you love modern design and want luxury without all the usual 5-star snobbery this is the hotel for you!	
Nov 12 2004	What a nightmare!	I prepaid a reservation at Sanderson for 2 nights, it was $485US per night. For that amt of money, you would expect they actually would have a room for me at 7pm when I tried to check in. They did not, and they shuffled me across the street to a much less desirable location. This hotel put two authorizations on one of my credit cards (presumably for the room, which was supposedly prepaid by Sanderson) that I gave them for incidentals, for a total of $1200 credit that is still tied up. The second night the Sanderson did have a room for me, but I preordered breakfast that never arrived. I gave up and left the hotel after waiting for an hour. They did nothing to compensate me financially for the fact that they had moved me to a less desirable location the first night, and said 'sorry about the breakfast.'Lovely.	
Oct 24 2004	Service and Staff are shocking	One of the worst hotels i have ever stayed at. Inital appreance is good but the service and staff are arrogant and self absorbed. The staff a rude the sevice shocking. They ruined our wedding nite. My wife was locked in a toilet for 20mins, during her massage they cut her eye and when we confronted the manager he response was sorry but there is nothing we can do...ha....We have started legal action against the hotel.....do yourself a favour dont book here.	
Sep 5 2004	Saw celebs and clubbed in Soho!!	We loved it! Saw celebs and had a fabulous night. The room was small, gorgeously decorated and the shower was divine. Got a good rate and could not moan and the restaurant in the courtyard does the best ever burger and chips at a great price! The staff were rather annoying and the furniture made you feel rather uncomfortable and you felt like it was more art than sitting down but all in all we had a great stay and the location is fabulous! I agree about the Purple Room, I expected to see a load of sexy celebs all huddled up in there behind the exclusive 'I am staying therefore a member' purple curtain but it was just us and it was a Saturday night at 2am!! We had fun without anyone else to stare at but if you are paying more than £200 for the night, I would think again.....loved it for location, design, cheap food, long bar and Soho but not what I was expecting. I guess if you can afford a suite or can get a suite bargain, you may get to lord it and really appreiciate it. Our room was rather Ikea but saying that we stayed out so late we didn't really care and there was that shower.....xxx	
Jul 10 2004	Exceeded Expectations ... Brilliant as the Brits would say!		
Jun 21 2004	The Best - Thanks to Tripadvisor		
Jun 10 2004	My first date!		
Apr 30 2004	Sanderson -- Vast Improvements		
Apr 28 2004	Sexy Sanderson		
Feb 23 2004	Top-Notch		
Nov 26 2003	The Sublime Sanderson		
Oct 24 2003	What a Hotel!		
Jul 24 2003	Superb		
Jun 19 2003	Nice but		
Jul 28 2009 	Luxe design mais ambiance un peu froide...		
Jan 19 2008 	Man muss es mögen...		
Sep 13 2007 	Sexyyyyyyyyyyyyy		
