Nov 23 2009	Great hotel - does not deserve the terrible reviews!	We booked this hotel as part of a package theatre break, mainly because it was a bargain price for B&amp;B and theatre ticket. After then researching the hotel, and reading the reviews posted on this website, I was beginning to dread what we would find, but resigned myself to the fact that it would just be a place to ‘rest out heads’, and as long as the room was clean, for this price we paid, we would suffer it!I don’t know what other reviewers expectations of budget hotels are, but I couldn’t have been more pleased with our findings. On arrival the reception desk were very helpful, and provided information regarding the surrounding area (we wanted to know which tube station was nearest – opted for Queensway as this was on the Central Line, 5mins walk from the hotel).We stayed in room 306 on the third floor which was a twin room. Yes the room was small, but you are in the centre of London in a budget hotel, but it had all the amenities that you would expect (tea/coffee, tv, hairdryer etc). The bathroom was also more than adequate, good sized, and a decent shower. Both rooms were very clean and presentable. The only minor faults with the room were that the back of the toilet seat had come off, and the sink tap was loose – but by no means does this mean I would mark the hotel as ‘terrible’! In other reviews there have been comments about noise from the street, but we slept with the window open (the room was quite warm even though no heating was on), and we could hear no street noise at all from the rear of the hotel (we were facing onto the gardens for the road behind). I would suggest that if this is a concern, to request one of these rooms, even though the road that the hotel is on didn’t seem to be busy when we were arriving and leaving the hotel.Breakfast was a little chaotic, but we were seated straight away and there was plenty to eat. Would have been nice to have a little bit of table service (ie. someone to bring you toast or a pot of tea), but it was fine, and was basically just your ‘bog standard’ continental style breakfast.I will definitely use this hotel again for a theatre break, and would recommend if your expectations of a 3 star hotel were not over inflated. For budget accommodation, this was ideal!	
Nov 21 2009 	OK for somewhere to sleep while you explore.	This hotel is very near to the Bayswater Underground Line, which means it is great for being able to explore London. However, the rooms are very small, as are the lifts, so if like me you don't like small spaces, it's not for you. If you're hoping to spend time actually in the hotel, then again, I wouldn't recommend it. In relation to the Breakfast, it's a very basic continental affair - toast, cornflakes/rice crispies, criossant and tinned fruit with juice and coffee - but it fills the gap. There is a concierge who will give you information on seeing London, and there are several restaurants and shops nearby for evening meals if needs be.	
Nov 18 2009 	out dated faded and spring sprang thu mattress	very outdated hotel good service at desk- very small hot room , very small lift - very narrow halls. cold breakfast- clean food service area. great location to sight see form. A coat of paint and some wallpaper- would do a world of good new bathroom although small.	
Nov 1 2009	Clean Quiet 	Having read other peoples negative comments about this hotel, it was with with severe doubts that I arrived here on 31 October. My doubts were unfounded. THe room was very clean and comfortable with tea &amp; coffee facilities plus the usual toiletries. The bathroom was spotless and the room overlooked the garden so was very little noise with the exception of a group of women who arrived back at 2 in the morning making a great deal of noise for over an hour. Their inconsiderate behaviour could not be blamed on hotel though. Yes the rooms are small but as we were only using it for somewhere to lay our heads, it was never a problem. I think the people that left the negative comments are either perpetual moaners or stayed in different hotel! Would definitely stay again	
Nov 1 2009 	Tired and somewhat shabby but clean and cheap	Hotel has seen better days and foyer has the clutter of a hostel. Room was reasonable and clean but quite a bit of noise from the street. Staff were civil but could not be described as helpful. Breakfast was poor; make your own toast, tinned grapefruit, reconstituted orange juice etc. I paid about £25 pppn and as such was ok for this price but so are many others, more centrally located and with little extras such as free wifi and more than 4 channels on portable tv. Look elsewhere.	
Oct 17 2009 	Tired and tatty	The hotel is in a good location and we hardly spent any time in the hotel which was a good thing. It is close to Hyde Park, underground and bus routes including the tour buses. It is in serious need of some decoration and updating as it is tired and tatty. The room was really small and the en suite even smaller. The breakfast was just about okay. Some of the staff were quite friendly and others not so much. The location is definitely its best quality.	
Oct 15 2009 	Small hotel great location great staff	I agree with those who wonder where all the poor reviews come from. Yes, the public rooms could use redecorating and the rooms are small, but we had a very good stay in an excellent location. The staff was very courteous and helpful, the room was clean, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was remodelled and the neighborhood was quiet. We're definitely coming back on our next vist to London.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great location for visiting London- rooms small tho	The hotel is great for visiting London. It is in zone 1 for the tube so tickets are cheap! Easy to get to, great value, go on the internet to get a good rate! Our room was a triple room and it was in the basement and small for 3 people, however the bathroom was big. Even though the room was small we were not in there much, only to sleep and shower as we were out and about sight seeing in London. The breakfast was basic but ok if your just want a cuppa and toast to get ya started. We arrived before the check in time but we were able to store our luggage which was great so we went straight out round the city.I would return but not for a lengthly stay as room was small !!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location even though the rooms are small	The hotel is very close to 2 tube stations and lots of shops/restaurants. There are lots of people always walking around so it felt very safe. The rooms are very tiny, but a good value for the money. A small breakfast is included which was adequate. The only bad part of the hotel are the elevators which are the smallest I have ever seen anywhere in the world.	
Sep 24 2009 	You'd be better off in a tent in Hyde Park	I normally stay in small, basic, budget hotels in Europe and really don't have very high expectations. I am always pretty happy with the standard of the rooms and service. This would have to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The basic attention to detail and care just wasn't there. The fire alarm went off at 3am in the morning and the staff didn't seem at all concerned. I feared for my life.	
Sep 23 2009 	Not very clean	I travel a lot and I'm not picky when it comes to hotels, but this place was probably one of my worst hotel experience. I stayed there in 2 different rooms, one facing the front street was small and ok. The second room I stayed was facing the back street, bigger but nasty. The carpet and the bed were just so old and scary. I felt itchy the whole night. I'm used to talk on carpet without shoes, but there I was scared to walk around without shoes. The bed was just too old and so uncomfortable.Breakfast was the worst compare to all my other stays in Europe, just some bread and can fruits.Location wise it's pretty nice, very close walk to subway station, park and lots of shopping and food around, yet it's on a very quiet street.	
Sep 21 2009	Try the hostels close by	My daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights. When we first arrived we were handed our key and we went in search of the room which was on a mezzanine level on the first floor. It was a bit grubby and in need of a good clean and the decoration was tatty to say the least but the bathroom was clean and as we were only there for 2 nights decided it would be ok. That was until that night when we got back to the room and got into the twin beds. You could feel every spring in the bed. it was rock hard and smelt fusty, and the pillow was flat. I tried unsuccessfully to get comfortable and in the end decided that I would ask for a move to another room. &quot;There were no spare rooms&quot;, &quot;there were not staff to move us&quot;, &quot;the hotel was full&quot;, &quot; try in the morning&quot;. These were the reasons we could not have another room. We were given a mattress protector (which smelled fusty) and I asked for 2 more pillows. We were given 1 (thats all they had!!!!!) without a pillow case on and it was stained and smelly. I was told to put it under my existing pillow.I didn't sleep at all and in the morning my back and neck were killing me from the springs in the bed! At reception, I was told by the duty manager (who didnt even look up from his paperwork) that they were full and he was unable to help me. This was a blatant lie as the maids were cleaning numerous rooms and large numbers of people were checking out at the time. I eventualy asked again (this time a young lady who was very helpful) if we could be moved, and the young lady went to plead our case (thats how it felt) with the duty manager, who incidentally didnt come out of the office. After much persuasion on her part he agreed we could have another room on the third floor. So much better - small, but clean and with a comfy bed. Without the young lady virtually begging for us to be moved I fear we would have had to stay in the original room as he could clearly be heard by us as he was saying to the girl, &quot;just tell them we cant help them - we are full&quot;.My daughter has travelled the world and has said that hostel accommodation in some of the countries she has travelled to was better than this hotel. The bed was like sleeping on a bag of rocks and fusty smelling beds are not what I expect in any hotel let alone a british 3 star!!My advice is, if you are staying here, check your room, especially the bed, before you part with your cash and dont bother with the breakfast on offer - try one of the many local places serving breakfast.	
Sep 16 2009 	Convenient	Stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. Got in early but they kept my bags until check in time, which was 2pm. It is very convenient to 2 underground stations among other things, such as an internet cafe, a pub and parks including a 5-7 walk to Notting Hill Gate.All in all, they were good. I didn't need much of anything to run to the reception, but they were efficient enough in the times that I had to go to them. The guy at the concierge desk was very friendly, not much I can say for the receptionist, but it was a very comfortable place to stay.Again everything is small, so the elevators/lifts can only hold no more than 2 people or small children :-)Breakfast was the general, coffee,tea,juice,cereal,croissants and bread with either butter, jam, jelly	
Sep 15 2009 	Cheap but cosy and clean.	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for one night while we went to see Grease at Piccadilly Theatre. The Hotel wasn't posh, but it was clean and decent. I had read some reviews of it on here and was worrying, but it's honestly not as bad as everyone makes out. I can't remember what room number we stayed in, but I think it was 110. It was close to two tube stations, so couldnt really ask for more. Breakfast was ok, boyfriend didnt eat anything though!	
Sep 7 2009	queens park hotel 48 queensborough terrace bayswater london w2	stayed here for a weekend with friends never again!Upon arrival there were four guests at the reception voicing loud complaints about their rooms. We arrived at 11am and were told we could not check in till two 'o' clock. Eventually when we did check in we were given room 108, which was absolutely filthy. The wallaper was peeling off the walls, ceiling was black with damp, filthy curtains, carpet, and dirty blankets on the bed!The bathroom had been cleaned though, but the overpowering smell of bleach made our eyes water. The bath was ancient, and was so high I nearly needed a forklift truck to get into it. No plugs for the bath or handbasin, so no choices, had to use the stoneage shower which was over the bath and kept falling off the wall!Upon complaining to reception staff we were moved to room 103 which was only about 1% better.Continental breakfast consisted of brown or white soggy toast, the cheapest brand cornflakes or rice crispies, and tinned fruit. The piece de resistance was the rude, brusque, noisy, and utterly unsociable breakfast staff!Be warned, never, ever stay at this &quot;hotel&quot;, a term I would use very loosely, wormwood scrubs would be cleaner, and the prison warders probably more friendly!Dont know how this dump was ever awarded three stars.	
Sep 5 2009 	cheap 	They say in this world you get what you pay for, well this hotel typifies this, as a last minute break we booked up this hotel to fit with our budget. you get exactly what it says on the brochure, clean, tidy &amp; cheerful, please don't expect the ritz treatment in what really is a 2* hotel, that is my take on it.would I stay there again, yes, but only when booking last minute cheapy.......	
Aug 28 2009 	Absolutely Fine	We had a newly refurbished room on the 3rd floor - very clean, comfortable and quiet. Very basic hotel, but good location, staff were polite and we had very good value for money.	
Aug 24 2009 	Clean safe and EXTREMELY Convenient but no frills	I was so nervous after reading the reviews on this site, I actually considered cancelling but at such a late time I couldn't find anything remotely similar in price. My fears were quickly reduced after checking in. The room was small (similar to cruise cabins I've stayed in), but the bed was moderately comfortable (not luxurious, but not uncomfortable at all) the bathroom was spotless--I'd be lucky if my own bathroom at home looked like that all the time. Staff was friendly and helpful with all things I needed, even went out of their way to help me make overseas calls and use the in room safe. The tube stations were a quick (less than five minute) walk away and led to three different lines, so the location could not be beat, especially since Hyde Park and the Round Pond, Kensington Palace, etc are also a short walk away. Food shops line Queensway, so that is also easy.I would, however, call this a budget hotel, so here are the downsides: the breakfast area is small, and it does get crowded. Only on weekends did I have to wait for a table though. There are two lifts, and one is tiny (four square feet) and unfortunately during my ten day stay the larger lift was broken the entire time. There is also no air con, so don't be surprised by the amount of street traffic noise that filters in through the open windows. Now here is my only big complaint, and honestly, the hotel has no control over it. I will stay again at this hotel, but I will only do so if I can get a room facing away from Queensborough Terrace because this hotel has the unfortunate location of being right across from a yough hostel that allows its young (often drunk) guests to sit on the terrace (right under your open window) and scream, sing, shout, argue, etc until 3am. Several young men would sing drinking songs in Polish (I speak it roughly) and then for seemingly no reason stop mid sentence and scream obscenities in English. I recognized these voices after a few nights and was glad when they disappeared on the fifth night. I bought foam ear plugs and that helped tremendously, but sadly they were rudely and inconsiderately loud every single night. Again, that was my largest issue during my hotel stay, so all in all I considered it a great find as far as budget friendly and fabulous location, and I'd imagine it's less of a problem in the winter months.	
Aug 24 2009 	PICTURES ARE NOT WHAT THEY SEEM	This is the worst hotel i've stayed in.The pictures looked great, modern, clean well maintained.It was certainly not any of the above.The hotel is in need of some serious maintenance.The wallpaper is falling off in almost all the hallways and rooms, the bathroom had fungus growing on it, the window curtain had mould, there was gum on the carpet, the room never got cleaned the whole time we were there, there was a female maid who used bed linen to lay on in the hallway during the day, breakfast consisted of bread and jam, cereal and milk, coffee and water.I HAVE NEVER WRITTEN A REVIEW BEOFRE, BAD OR GOOD, SO I SUGGEST YOU FOLLOW MY ADVICE DON'T STAY HERE IF YOU LIKE A HALF DECENT HOTEL.YOU'RE BETTER OF STAYING IN A HOSTEL THAN STAYING AT THIS HOTEL.	
Jul 26 2009 	EEEEK!	Maybe i'm geting old but I did not enjoy this place! The other half booked in the day before and they had double booked so he was given what i can only call the staff room / bed store in the basement! he didn't complain (i would have hit the roof!) four beds cramped in to a room no space for moving ok for a stag night i suppose But not happy but i did sleep well! I stayed the next night in Epping SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much nicer hoteland breakfast was help yerself if you can find a table spare! basic beyond belief!	
Jul 23 2009 	Cheap but clean in a great location	This hotel is great value for money and it was busy everday of our 4 day stay so I'm not the only one to think this. Our room was tiny but there is so much to do in London that we were barely in the room at all, however it was very clean and even had a tv for catching up on the weather reports. The hotel is located 5 minutes walk from the nearest tube and the bus was 2 mins outside the door and took you straight into Picadilly Circus and Oxford Street. The hotel is just across the road from Kensington Park great for an early morning stroll.The only downside we found about the hotel was that most of the staff were foreign and didn't have a lot of local knowledge to advise us on buses, sightseeing, etc but we managed to figure things out by ourselves ok.	
Jul 4 2009 	Don't bother - cheap but miserable hotel	It was a couple of years since we stayed here, but seemingly from the other reviews this hotel is still as bad as it was.The room we stayed in was old, tatty and unattractive. The whole room just felt grubby and dingy. The shower room was awful - peeling wallpaper and damp walls. The breakfast was awful - you had to go down into the dining room and help yourself from the meagre selection of white bread and jam and cheap ham and cheese. You had to queue to use the one toaster and when the few plates on the side had gone and we stuck our head in the kitchen to ask for another, the girl grumpily pointed to the just washed ones on the side of the sink and made us dry them ourselves! After the first day we preferred to eat breakfast in a cafe. I know this hotel is cheap, but it was so miserable staying there. I am sure there us better at this price in London - the handy location of this in no way makes up for the standard of the hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	The lousiest hotel I ever stayed in London	This is the lousiest hotel I ever stayed in London!Durty, noisy, rooms are small you can hardly move when two persons are in it, doors are slammings, beds are with springs which enter into your body at night, bedsheets are durty not talking about the blankets! You can hear your neighboor snooring or can follow his TV programme...Moreover, you have to pay after staying 3 nights in the hotel for them to keep your luggages into a safe place!Really the worst of the worst!	
Jun 22 2009 	Absolutely fine cant complain	After reading the reviews i was really worried about staying in this hotel,i was pleasantly surprised when we arrived its very close to the underground and very central.Our room was clean with fresh towels and bed clothes everyday,For the price we paid i think we got a great deal i would stay there again no bother.	
Jun 18 2009 	Its not as bad as it looks	The reception staff were efficient and booking in went very smoothly. I stayed in room 111 and yes the room is small and stuffy with bars on the window but the room was clean and well presented. The bathroom and shower cubicle were small, especially if you are a big gent but I found the bathroom presentable and adequate. I read the previous rewiews and I nearly cancelled this hotel and booked another one for my threater break but ITS NOT THAT BAD My only negative comment is no bar and they can't make tea!!!!!	
May 26 2009 	pleasantly surprised	We booked mid week superbreak for 3 nights. We were not expecting too much from this hotel after reading the reviews but we were very happy with everything. Clean beds ,clean bathroom towels etc. If your very picky under the beds could have been hoovered better. Breakfast, you just grab a table and help yourself to the usual coffee ,tea, tinned fruit, cereal, toast and croisant. Breakfast staff not interactive at all. We were an floors 1 and 2 so used the stairs and think we were lucky to have quiet neighbours or none at all. Over all good location, comfortable if small rooms and would certainly book again. Reception staff helpfull.	
May 15 2009 	Acceptable	I am very glad I didn't read the previous reviews before visiting this hotel. A friend and I were booked in on a mid-week Superbreak visit so had no choice of hotel. The hotel was very conveniently situated, easy walking distance from Queensway Tube Station and although we were a bit worried about roadworks being carried on along the length of Queensborough Terrace (replacing water mains) and scaffolding around a nearby residence, we heard absolutely no noise from either of these until nearly 9am. The hotel is also within walking distance of Kensington Gardens, the Serpentine and Hyde Park and an easy bus ride (you can use your Oyster card on the buses) from Marble Arch and Oxford Street. Queensway Tube Station is convenient to link to most London tourist areas and there are some reasonable restaurants and cafes on Queensway.We found the staff friendly and helpful, we were able to leave our cases with the concierge (they were locked in a small room in reception) free of charge, even after checkout we were only charged £1 per case which was convenient as we were able to spend the day sightseeing without having to take our cases with us. We were in a basement room which was adequate for our needs and appropriate to what we paid for the trip. There were 'wood' floors which I much prefer to soiled carpet, the bed linen and towels were clean, the bathroom was small but clean (no grimey grouting), there were soaps, shower caps, shampoo etc provided and the shower was good. On the down side, we couldn't get the security safe to open, the curtains did not fully cover the windows and there were no T-bags, only coffee.We may have been lucky regarding lack of night-time noise as we only heard one door slam and one bang from above (reception area) and the hotel may be noisier at weekends but we managed to sleep, unusual in an hotel, until 8.40 am!I would imagine that perhaps the hotel has been improved since previous reviews to comply with Superbreak requirements (I don't know if it works like that ...?) but we would use it again due to the superb location.	
May 13 2009 	Believe the bad reviews; so true.	We were in London for six days and this hotel was the only bad thing about the entire trip. We stayed out as late as we can so we won't have to deal much with the hotel room. We stayed on the 4th floor. There are two lifts/elevators, one can fit two people with small luggage and the other lift is a lot smaller. We took the stairs most of the time because the lift runs very slow. The elevator carpeting needs to be replaced, it was very dirty. The carpeting in the entire floor and rooms need to be replaced as well. We can hear the noise from the hallway and every time someone walked by, we can hear the hallway floor creak; the floor in our room creaks as well. The room we were given was very tiny, we can barely move about. We had to take turns getting ready in the mornings. There were holes around the light fixture on the ceiling, stains on the wall, chipped off crown molding and the worse part was the bathroom. We had 20 inch suitcases and had they been bigger, we would not have been able to fit both in the room. The bathroom had two bath towels, one hung on the shower door and the other was on the floor beside the toilet, it was stained, yuck! Thankfully we brought our own towels. There was no toilet paper holder, the shower didn't drain well and the shower head had 6 holes and there was no way to attach it to the shower head so we had to hold it while showering, the worst shower experience ever!!! The only godd thing was we had water pressure. The water leaked through the shower walls and onto the bathroom floor. The door to the bathroom is spring loaded so you can't leave it open because it shuts on its own. There was no air conditioning and one of the windows didn't shut all the way. We would never recommend this hotel to anyone! If you are booking through go-today travel, please do not book this hotel. The only good thing is it's close to the Queensway tube stop. One last thing, I left the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door the entire time we were there but on our last day, they went in and cleaned the room anyway, and took the sign off!!!, unbelievable!	
May 2 2009 	Okay hotel	After reading some of the reviews on here we were dreading arriving at the hotel and seeing our room, but luckily we've had a great experience. The hotel's very central, it's just a short walk from the Bayswater station, and is situated in a street with multiple other hotels. We arrived before check-in and left our luggage in the hotel. They didn't have a seperate luggage room, but just left them in a room on the ground floor. After a quick walk in the neighbourhood (there's a street with lots of shops and restaurants nearby, plus a shopping mall, not to mention Hyde Park that's practically in your backyard) we returned and check-in was quick and painless. We were given room 106 at the first floor which was a double room with 2 single beds. The room was really small, the beds were crammed in with a table, a drawer, 2 chairs and a closet, but it was really okay for the price. The bathroom was nice and clean with a good working shower, and spare toilet paper, towels, shampoo and soap provided. The room also had a (pretty old) hairdryer, water boiler, two mirrors and tv (with 4 channels). Cleaning service was great. We returned everyday to our fully cleaned room where even our pajamas were neatly folded and placed on top of the pillow! Breakfast is not much, toast, croissants and cereals, but for £5,- you can have a full English breakfast in a restaurant nearby. Staff was nothing but lovely and was very helpful making reservations for all sorts of tourist attractions for us. The street the hotel's in can be noisy at night. We also heard everything our neighbours said through the thin walls and what was most annoying were the slamming doors of the other rooms until deep in the night. Nevertheless, I would definitely stay there again as it's situated in a great place for a great price. And if you decide you don't like it there you can always try one of the other hotels in the street!	
Apr 27 2009 	This Hotel is dangerous STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We checked into this hotel for a flying visit of 2 nights. We stayed 1 and that was only because we couldnt find another hotel we could afford during our first nights stay on short notice.It takes a while to get to the hotel as its a walk from the Bayswater stop on the Underground .We arrived at the hotel early and asked if we could check in - they said no so we asked could we drop our bags. &quot;Sure you can sir its £5 a bag&quot; Rediculous.So off we went to sight see e.t.c when we returned we were given a room in the basement of the hotel - it had 2 windows so dirty we could hardly see out of them. They were around 10 inchs long and at the very top of the wall - similar to a prison cell. The radiator was mounted on a piece of wood on the wall - which fell down the morning we checked out. The toilet had excrement stains on the bottom of it, the sink plug hole was half blocked so that the water filled the bath during a shower and took 10 minutes to empty. The shower curtain was mouldy - black and green. The bed+clothes where torn and old. The wall paper was peeling and the carpet ripped. There were stains every where.After my girlfriend had been struck by the radiator on the wall we had enough. I spoke to the lady on the front desk who was not a proper memeber of staff but rather a backpacker who worked weekends in the hotel to pay for her room. She was actually very nice and she came to our room to verify what we were complaining about. There was no person in the hotel on Saturday or Sunday that could authorise an early check out. I argued with the &quot;Manager&quot; on the phone for over 25 minutes explaining that I expected a full refund given the disgraceful room we had receieved that the harm caused to my girlfriend. He insisted that the room was fine and that we would be charged an early check out charge. We spent hours of our second day looking for another hotel we could stay and traveling to it. This hotel ruined our trip and was DISGUSTING! If you read any other reviews I have written on other hotels in the same price range as this you will see that we are not easily annoyed by hotel nor put off by locations.This hotel is a health hazard and should be closed. Please do not stay here!	
Mar 28 2009 	Cheap and not so cheerful	Basement room very small and in desparate need of redecoation.Reception staff were friendly but not so the dining room staff. On our last day at breakfast, the chief walked through from the kitchen area in a filthy white jacket. Not what you want to see!Location was good though for the tube and a good choice of local restaurants within easy walking distance.	
Mar 10 2009 	Room Burglarized	I was to stay there from July 21st to July 28th. And I would. Until I found out that someone had broked into mine and other 4 rooms on Saturday afternoon. After a regular stay, with no bad or good surprises - the room was tiny and a bit hot, but clean enough; the common areas were pretty narrow and in need of refurbishment, not to mention the elevators; the breakfast was tedious, with much of the same thing, and the clerk service limited, but would do -, I became stupefied when I got back from a typical full tourist day at 11:20 p.m. and found the door unlocked and loose - the rest from this point on would be totally predictable: wood and iron pieces of the door and from the door frame all spread on the carpet, my suitcase open an torn (they opened it with a knife or something similar) and all my clothes and personal belongings turned over. I was using the safety box inside the closet (the closet was unlocked but nothing there was touched) but, still, had 200 euros inside a bag kept in the suitcase, but miraculously they did not see it or took it! (they were too busy and had much to do in the room in front of mine: I looked back and found it with the door totally destroyed and detached from its frame (it was laid on the ground!) and they also had other neighbours´ rooms to break into. On the other hand, they took away my watch I was fond of and some money from the German guy beside; he was not using a suitcase locker, differently from me (though it was useless). The clerk claimed that they did not take anything else from the others, that I was the only one robbed. They were looking for things with presumable value that would fit in a pocket . The hotel has no security at all and since in my week stay there wasn´t a single day when someone from the desk asked me where I was going before entering or leaving the hotel.It was very frustrating to see that, besides the Portuguese guy on the desk during the night shift, who gave the minimal support and called the police, the manager was absent and unhelpful, since took two days to authorize the 20 pounds refund for the new ordinary suitcase I had to buy and to allow my second night in the hotel in front of the Queens Park they booked me into - he wanted me to come back and stay my last night in London in that total unsafe place, which I refused. For my watch I got only more 20 pounds.I talked to three different police officers, only the last one was understanding, but they were unanimous in saying that nothing else could be done, that they had already been there for some poor investigation they did (they wasn´t even aware that my room was also burglarized, they thought that the thiefs broke into only 3 rooms and took notice that there were 2 more rooms by my fone call). Police added it was becoming frequent in the Bayswater region and that in Brazil would be the same (!).The hotel had no cameras or security system at all; there are two doors separating the elevator hall from the alleys, helping any sound to go through. It was very easy for a couple of guys to do what they did: one can be just checking the imminent danger while the other kicks each door he wants, close the curtains and do the service. They new sharply the room service schedule: at 1:00 p.m. I was there and so was the maid. The crime happened afterwards.I strongly recommend to keep away from this poor hotel if do not want to count on the &quot;luck&quot; I had in having only one good stolen.I have photos of the incident, which I have downloaded to this site. The first and best one, with the front view of the smashed door, from the enterer's perspective, was deleated from the camera by accident, but there are still 10 photographs remaining, among which even the most sceptics can find sheer evidences of the episode.	
Mar 5 2009	No frills ;-)	Booked this hotel at the last minute as needed to be in London for just one night, and seeing as the cost of the stay was within my budget decided to go for it. The location is fine for the money and the hotel/room was clean. Was disappointed in the overall standard of the room. It was in dire need of a makeover: scuffed marks on the walls, the bathroom door had a hole in it, no bedside light, matress was worn out and only ONE bedsheet between and the matress itself (shouldn't there be a matress protector or something??). The TV remote didn't work. I didn't complain as was only there for one night so on this occasion the hotel served its purpose... and as they say you get what you pay for.	
Mar 1 2009 	Extreemly happy with the Queens park hotel	Let me start by saying i can only comment on my experience at the Queens Park hotel but in all honesty i cant complain about anything, check in was painless, greeted with a smile and nice welcome, given room 505A in the top floor facing on to the main street, the room was extreemly clean, fresh and looked as if it had been renovated within the last 6 month ample room with double bed wordrobe and vanity unit with drawer space and flat screen tv on wall, bathroom was compact but again extremely clean and no problems apart from the towel rack being a little loose ( someone used wrong raw plugs to attach it) and the shower being a little bit difficult to get right temp but a few mins fiddling about got it right, breakfast as already stated is basic but very plentifull ( no complaints at all) you can buy cooked breakfast if you wish but didnt feel the need to on our 2 visits to breakfast, again check out was painless and we were wished a safe journey home.The hotels location is perfect and our trip to london was fantastic absolutely nothing to worry about if you are looking for a cheap centrally located hotel ofcourse its not 5 star but it is very good value.unfortunately i never spake with anyone else staying in the hotel so i can comment on any of the other rooms	
Feb 23 2009 	Small rooms but very clean and good value for money	New carpet, new bed, newly refurbished en suite and extremely clean and shining. The only drawback was that the room size did not allow for wardrobe and clothes hanging space. The breakfast was simple but plentiful. Fantastic value for money in a good location.	
Feb 16 2009 	This place is absolutly fine	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in feb. When we booked i was nervous at what we would find because of all the bad reviews. But i can honestly say it was fine. We had a double room which was tiny but it was clean with an on-suite. Booking direct through the hotel web-site we only paid £40 per night including breakfast. The Breakfast was basic with cereals, croissants, toast, tea, coffee and juice it was all fine. The location was brilliant very close to tube and right next to hyde park. I would definatley stay there again and would recommend it to friends. I think some of the reviews are a bit harsh as its only a 2 star and for £40 you can't expect the ritz.	
Feb 12 2009 	Do not book - worst we've seen .... ever	Having booked a short break for a Birthday, we were excited to arrive in the big smoke. Needless to say our excitment turned to disgust and disappointment from the moment the taxi stopped outside the hotel. My advice would be to stay well away, do not book and definately do not trust their web pages, the photos are clearly of some age. The rooms were dirty, small with drawer fronts missing and the single wardrobe in a triple room would not even close. There was damp staining to the ceilings and walls, mildew to the windows and the bathroom could have kept the most budding scientists busy for weeks. We were offered an alternative, in the basement and uncleaned. The bin hadn't even been empied. If I could rate this 0/5 I would. We booked into the Marriot in Maidavale, which was beautiful and I would recommend to anyone. Friendly, professional and clean with large rooms and comfy beds. PLEASE DO NOT BOOK INTO THIS HOTEL - The Queens Park hotel that is!. I would not leave a rat to die there. They would not refund my first night although there was no way we could stay in this room.	
Feb 3 2009 	"Look kids--Big Ben! Parliament!"	My husband I traveled to London for our honeymoon. Being newlyweds, we didn't have much money, and we didn't want to spend all of it on the room. We booked the trip through a travel agency, and they actually had us at a different hotel, but had to change the reservation at the last minute. We'd seen pictures of the other place, so we knew what we were in for with that hotel, but there were no pictures of this hotel to prepare us for the shock. The outside of the hotel was beautiful. It was clean and freshly painted, and in a lovely area of town, convenient to the underground and walking distance to several shops. Actually, if you've seen National Lampoon's European Vacation, you've seen the hotel. It's under a different name, and the interior is a set, but it's the hotel that the Griswold's pull up to on the British leg of their tour. Just a bit of useless trivia.We were pleasantly surprised that we were allowed to check in early, and not made to loiter around the lobby for the several hours until the actual check-in time. That was our last bit of good news. We both knew the room would be small, but we're also both the type that can live with pretty much anything as long as the room is clean and there's a private bathroom--which this had, thank goodness. We certainly weren't expecting pillow mints and turn-down service. This room wasn't small. It wasn't tiny. It was miniscule. In order to get dressed in the mornings, one of us had to stand on the bed (generally me, since I'm shorter and my husband kept hitting his head on the ceiling). We had one large bag and two carry-ons, and came very close to having to leave one of the carry-ons in the hall, just to fit in the room. The bed was large and comfortable. The room and bath were clean and nicely decorated. The lights worked when they felt like it--never all at the same time. The bathroom light went out, rendering the room pitch black, and maintenance said they'd get someone up the next day. That I could live with. The toilet stopped flushing, and maintenance said they'd get someone up the next day. That I could NOT live with. We ran out of toilet paper, and maintenance said they'd get some up the next day. COME ON! We constantly had to keep going to the front desk to get things like towels (needed one each), soap, etc. that should have been in the room each day. Two people can not go 5 days on one foil packet of shampoo. When I called down to let them know that the radiator was broken, the front desk employee actually SIGHED. Now, I'm one to look for the humor in situations, and I find it hilarious that on my honeymoon in London, I got three BBC channels, and not one of them carried Doctor Who. They were also all staticy. We did, however, watch Borat on our neighbor's big screen tv by looking out our window into theirs. I guess that's something.The continental breakfast is alright, but nothing to write home about. There are no snack or soda machines, but there is a Tesco grocery around the corner.This hotel will always have a place in my heart because it was where I spent the first few days of my marriage, and I look back on it fondly, but honestly, neither of us want to relive that. We'll go somewhere else next trip.	
Jan 15 2009 	Grubby but cheap and liveable	we paid £35 for a double ensuite, which for central london is very good. location excellent. no way a 3star, hotel is very grubby and needs updating but its not dirty. ensuite was tiny, smelled of damp. wallpaper was scuffed and abit peely in places. We just wanted a crash pad, and it was perfect for that. would stay again for a cheap budget hotel after a night out. if you are planning a nice holiday and wanted to stay here, then probably not the hotel for you. breakfast was included, didn't wake up in time to sample it though.	
Dec 16 2008 	Just shocking...	I don't want to write too much as I've wasted enough of my time being in, or thinking of this sad excuse for a hotel. I have no idea what star system they work on, but 3* to me seemed to be 3 too many.The first room we were put in was small with wall paper peeling off the wall and a damp towel on the bathroom floor. On being moved to a &quot;better&quot; room, which had a broken bin, no toilet paper and cigarette burns on the net curtains we accepted that we should stay out as long as possible that evening to avoid being in that building.Honestly, to think we managed to stay in Hiltons for ~£70 a night to get bumped at this dump upset both me and the girlfriend.Save your money for another month before your stay and just stay somewhere nicer. AVOID! PLEASE!	
Dec 8 2008 	Not as advertised	Shocked when we arrived, exterior looked good as in various websites but first room given was so small and dirty, no kettle and socket not fixed to wall properly. Old tatty blankets, totally horrid and not as in photos etc........delapidated to say the least.Lifts are extremely small and paper peeling as well as paint in halls, rooms, reception etc.Second room offered was larger with net curtains half hanging, huge stains on carpet, broken bin and tv remote control, shower door wouldnt shut properly and all very tatty with writing on the wall, paint flaking and very dated......dirty and one looked out to see if cockroaches or fleas would appear. Window in both rooms delapidated and whole hotel appeared dirty and tired, huge clumps of hair balls on stairways.Didnt expect luxury at £84.50 per night but did expect it to be clean and tidy and as in the photos.Attended for a business party nearby so returned to room at 1am and left at 6am without daring to eat incase the kitchen reflected the rest of the hotel.Very upset at the misleading details shown on websites regarding this hotel.	
Dec 8 2008 	Not very nice	I, travelling alone with my 8 and 11 year old daughters, stayed at this hotel for two nights. We ended ut in a tripleroom in the basement, with a view of some kind of storage room full of crap (why do they even bother to put a window in the room?) We could hear the underground in our room, but ok we can live with that ;)The room smelled funny when we first got there but we got used to it after a while...There were no bedlights, and being in the basement with no natural light either, in the morning it was a little adventure to walk trought the room to switch on the lamps. The breakfast was very poor, basically coffée, tea, juice and toast with jam.I have been to London several times and are usually not so picky but this is a place where I would never stay again!The bathroom locked nice thought, but don't touch anything because it will fall down on you ;)	
Nov 30 2008 	Its ok	After booking the hotel I came across some mostly unfavourable reviews about this hotel. Seeing as there were 5 of us going to London to stay here, me my partner, child 9 years and 2 parents (60+) I was understandably very concerned for our forthcoming 2 nights stay. Conclusion: Its a budget hotel in a great location to get around London. Cheap n cheerful! Yes, it was a bit tatty and in need of some decoration. Yes, the staff were mostly foreign but were not rude, in our dealings at least. The bedding was clean and not aproblem. One morning the hot water was off throughout the hotel, could have been a major issue for this review but it was, as promised, back on for our evening return and what a nice hot shower to have. The breakfast was fine. No bar as mentioned in an earlier review. All in all, if you just want somewhere to sleep and leave your bags all for a cheap price.....Then its fine. You dont go to London to sit in your hotel room, its a good base. If you want the Ritz then get your money out and pay for it.. So the rooms/elevator are small and it seems a bit 'rough around the edges'. Youre paying a small price to stay there compared to other hotels..Its OK !!!!	
Nov 29 2008 	Good Base For Enjoying London	Staying in London on a budget is always going to mean sacrificing something. If you don't want to spend more than £50 a night for B&amp;B, then don't expect chocolates on the pillow or complimentary slippers.Hotels like the Queen's Park are ideal for travellers who just want somewhere clean, comfortable and handy for sights and sounds. You're just around the corner from 2 tube stations (both on different lines) and there are bus routes galore.The breakfast is tasty and filling, and I found all the staff to be more than helpful in every respect.The rooms aren't much to write home about. They're small, basic and just a little tired-looking. BUT... they're also clean, with all the necessary amenities, and the shower could blast you off your feet (hot or cold!).So, all in all, if you're passing through London and want somewhere to stay that won't hurt the pocket, don't go further than the Queen's Park Hotel. That's my ha'penny worth anyway!	
Nov 14 2008 	Unbelievable!	We have booked this hotel after contacting them by email. They gave us the rates per room per night in written and we were surprised to know when we arrived that they expected us to understand rates change according to the receptionist and day of the week. Their excuses were so childish. The rooms were so tiny and dirty, no hot water, you could not move, the photos on their site have nothing to do with reality.Breakfast is awful and they serve it in a dirty small room that could be ideal for their staff. Be very carefull to get written confirmation as they will drive you mad! Never in my life has such a terrible experience.	
Nov 11 2008 	Absolute dump!!	we stayed in this hotel for a weekend. we knew it was a budget hotel before arriving, however, expected some degree of hygiene and cleanliness. the carpets and curtains were filthy. the wallpaper was peeling away from the walls. this was without doubt the worst expeinence I have ever had in any hotel anywhere in the world.the photos on the website do not represent what is on offer. this is not only my view, but that of the other people that accompanied us on our trip. we had three rooms in the hotel for the weekend and all were in the same poor condition -one even has grafitti scrawled on the bedroom walls.	
Nov 4 2008 	Not the greatest	We had been warned about how tiny rooms are in Europe so tht was no surprise but that was not the issue here. The bed was horrible, with absolutely no padding left between you and the springs. The furniture was more in the way and the layout for the room could be much better at least for the room we stayed in which was in the dungeon-like basement. The walls were super thin so the troop of school children that decided to stay next to us one night kept shutting the doors loudly and came in and out all night long. I wanted to give their chaperon a piece of my mind the next morning. The TV which looked fairly new did not work andn seemed possessed since it would turn on for two seconds and the just turn off. There were also two light bulbs that were out which could have helped light up the cell-like area a bit more. Both these issues were brought to the attention of the staff but nothing was ever done. The bathroom is remodeled but the shower does not close all the way and you get everything wet so watch the really high step and make sure you don't slip on all the water everywhere. The day staff was very nice and tried to help. The night shift was cold and rude so we gave up. Breakfast was very average but we were not visiting London for the food we were saving our stomachs for Paris. Over all the only thing this place has going for it is its proximity to the Tube and interesting array of shops and food about two blocks down. Next time we will spend a little extra money at least for a decent bed so I can be more well rested!	
Oct 18 2008 	Queens Park Hotel	We stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for one night and to be honest it was one night too many. Our original room the window catch was broken. We were moved to another room but the rooms are tiny and the shower was more of a drip. Certainly no good to wash in. There was major road works going on directly outside the hotel causing a lot of dust and noise but none of this was mentioned when we booked the hotel. The continental breafast was stale, cheap bread which you had to toast yourself or tinned fruit. We ended up sitting in the lobby of the hotel eating what little we could stomach as the tiny dining area was full. Not an enjoyable experience and would certainly never go back to this hotel.	
Sep 8 2008 	Not THAT bad !	I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews here,especially as I was accompanied by my 15 year old daughter.The hotel turned out to be pretty basic but clean enough,and the staff I spoke to were pleasant and helpful.Breakfast was pretty much what it said on the tin,so no ground for complaint there either.So, it may not be the height of luxury but I for one have stayed in worse (in London) and I would probably stay here again.The best thing about the hotel is its proximity to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park.	
Aug 31 2008	Simply not good enough......	We stayed 3 people in two rooms, but saw 3 rooms. The rooms were very, very small, in one room the 2 doors couldn't open because of the bed. Worse were the mattresses: it felt like lying on metal wires, which was excactly what we did - awfull (the staff told us that all beds were the same). My father asked for a lamp and a chair for some evening reading, but was told after asking several times: we don't have chairs in the rooms, it is not hotel policy - funny because there was a chair in the other room... The toilet papir stood on the floor and the shower hose was leaking. Our safe didn't work, the staff figured it was due to a used up battery, but it was never fixed. Breakfast was very uninspiring: two types of marmelade of the cheapest kind, no cheese, no honey, no bacon and eggs, just the same boring tree types of bread, one type of cereal, bad juice, milk, coffee and tea. Not very friendly either, always started removing our plates ect. before we were finished.	
Aug 15 2008 	Alright Place to Stay	I got the hotel through Hotwire and was very concerned by some of the reviews here, however, the hotel was fine. It is not a luxury hotel, but was clean, color flat screen tv, bed was fine, telephone, modern private bathroom, nice armoire, very small room but not uncomfortably small, desk, coffee maker, hairdryer. Tiny lift and slightly bigger lift. Breakfast of toast, croissants, rolls, sliced fruit, orange juice, grapefruit juice, 2 kinds of cereal, coffee, milk, tea. (Wish they'd had, even a bowl of plain yogurt for some additional protein). Great location. Get off at the Queesnway tube stop, walk towards Kennsington Gardens, turn left, 2 blocks to Queensborough Terrace. Hotel is on the far side of the street. Very reasonable for a safe place in this great location. Probably Hotwire gives the 1/2 extra star for the location? In this price range your only other choice is out at Heathrow which means spending time and the overpriced tube cost to get in and out of the city everyday. If you want a luxury hotel, this is not the place for you, but for a low cost place from which to see London, it's fine.	
Jul 11 2008 	It was just fine	The room with twin beds was clean and comfortable. Bathroom small but plenty big enough for one at at time. Staff extraordinarily helpful. We got as many towels as we wanted immediately. Sheets were changed twice during our 6 day stay, continental breakfast was fine. Good coffee! The only noise was from the Youth Hostel across the street and they weren't that bad. It is summer after all....It was great to be so near the Park, the Tube (2 stations), lots of restaurants and Whitbeys. After reading so many bad reviews, I too, was prepared to move but I guess people only write letters of complaint, not praise. I don't know what the others expected for the price, but my friend and I felt we had good value for the money.	
Jul 7 2008 	Dont Stay here	Oh my word what a bag of pantsWouldn’t let my pet sheep stay hereDon’t stay here even if your life depends on it!Damp all over the bathroom, shower was flooded so I thought I was having a bath 2!Breakfast staff so rude &amp; when I asked about a full English she looked at me funnyQRoom was like a match box!Booked late so was last place with free rooms!Said 4 star but I wouldn’t get a 1 off me!Robert &amp; LucyFrom wales where the sheep live	
Jun 30 2008 	Don't stay at the Queen's Park Hotel!	The Queen's Park Hotel in Bayswater, London is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in my life! On our Honeymoon, my husband and I were given a tiny room with stains all over the carpet and walls, a room door that had previously been broken into, a bathroom door that didn't shut or lock, a 10 yr. old wall hair dryer that didn't work, a desk missing part of its drawer fronts, a 10 yr. old tv that played about 8 fuzzy channels, and a remote that did not work but was held together by a bandaid! I know it sounds exagerated and ridiculous but let me tell you...it was ridiculous and not at all exagerated. After arguing with the hotel manager over the poor quality of his room, I was given the keys to 4 other rooms that were in worse shape than the one we originally had. All of the employees appeared to be as unhappy to be there as we did and were as unhelpful as their manager. Also, don't book this hotel for their continental breakfast...it was pathetic. Shame on the Queen's Park Hotel!!	
May 27 2008 	It's OK	A friendly staff that really tries. Rooms are small as is typical for this area of London. You need to bring your own travel alarm as there is no radio/alarm in the room although the wake up service is prompt. I agree the lifts are small, one person and luggage is about it.Continental breakfast is very adequate, you may order up eggs and other hot items at additional cost, if the continental is not included in your rate. Rooms are clean, water pressure is terrific, hot hot water flows and the in room instant coffee is really good.. Despite it having 120 rooms, very quiet hotel as well as the neighborhood. Two blocks from Queensway tube stop (Central red line) and many places to eat nearby. Although lacking a bar, no problem sitting out on the stoop and having a glass of wine or a beer purchased half a block away at the Shell station (very good adequate selection). If you care to go a little more upscale for a cocktail,hotels within couple hundered yards have bars. Only 4 or 6 rooms have air conditioning at additional cost of 10 pounds, but it's London and you rarely need it. Excellent location off of Hyde Park.This is not an upscale hotel, as is typical for this part of London, just a basic clean place to sleep and a good value.	
May 10 2008 	I stayed just long enough to book a different hotel	When I arrived at this hotel, there was a man complaining about his room already at the reception desk. Then there was a girl complaining. I started to get the picture. I figured it couldn't be that bad, though. All I needed was a clean bed for one night. I was given room B107. First off, I and my luggage almost didn't fit in the tiny, shabby little box of an elevator. It stopped either 6 inches too high or too low for its intended floor, before coming to a jolting stop. The &quot;B&quot; in B107 obviously stood for basement. My room was down a series of hallways with bad lighting and stagnant air. I was travelling solo, and I did not feel safe down there. I finally found the room and went inside. No, no, no. The room was dirty and the plumbing leading away from the toilet was a flexible clothes dryer exhaust tube. You know, the white plastic tubing that should never be used to carry urine and feces anywhere? Yep, that's what they were using for the outflow. I went to the front desk, and told him I needed a clean room that was on a floor with other people around. The next room had what appeared to be legal plumbing, but it was filthy. There was some sort of grease line on the wall just above the bed. The walls were so dirty with chunks of plaster missing, and the ceiling peeling down with mold and water stains. The window only partially closed, and the locking mechanism on the door could not be secured. It looked like someone had chisled the wood away *from the inside*. Acckkk! I called Hotwire long distance on my cell to tell them that I absolutely could not stay there and that it shouldn't even be operating with an illegal plumbing system like that. They were very helpful and very apologetic. I ended up in the Thistle around the corner for only $40 more. The difference was night and day. I wouldn't stay in the Queens Park Hotel if they paid me!	
May 6 2008 	The mouse I saw in the breakfast room gave me a heads up about what was coming..	I saw a few photos of other hotel rooms, but I can honestly say that they had nothing to do with my own. Of course we had a private bathroom, but that's it! No clean towels, no clean sheets, no vacuuming and sometimes not even toilet paper...As I first walked into the hotel, I saw a mouse in the breakfast room...no wonder why; the vacuum cleaner remained in the hall, unused during my whole stay (5 nights).I guess a lot of guests must have seen it long before I did...Our key-cards didn't work most of the times and we had to go down all the way to the lobby to have them reprogrammed.Apart from that, lovely neighbourhood, two tube stations nearby and Hyde Park of course.If you don't mind packing your own sheets and towels, then this hotel is all right, I guess..	
May 4 2008 	BIG Dislike!!!	I've read alot of the reviews and often didn't agree with all the negatives. However, i have been compelled to write a review after staying at this hotel as it was really a disgrace. I don't know how they qaulify as a hotel. We booked 4 rooms to stay in for taking part in the london marathon. My girlfriend and i, my brother and his wife, my mum and dad, and my sister,her boyfriend and son. Our room was tiny, cupboard only a single size, toilet door did not shut, shower didn't hang on, toilet had a bad smell (Not only after I'd been in it!), decor dated, and black marks all over the walls, also banged my head off the tv sticking out the wall. My brothers room was pretty much the same, siters room was nice though and it had air-con. It was like being in a different hotel. Very nice, although they gota cockroach on the last night(3rd night), and mum and dads room was a step up from ours too, but still not great.We arrived late at night on the first night so just wanted to get our heads down there and then. When we complained the following afternoon, we got nothing but excuses from the smarmy little receptionist guy. Full of it and we were getting nowhere. Like I said, i really don't like reading so many bad reviews as there are alot to be said about personal preference/opinion, BUT i really wouldn't advice anyone to stay here. pay the extra £20-30 and get somewhere decent. Big thumbs down from everyone in my party...	
Apr 26 2008	unbalivable stay	this hotel was not nice at all the staff was not helpful apart from one.the rooms are so small done no how u can get tow people in the double room its a tight.the view was horrible.the part on the walls was all ripped the was black an brown makes on the walls in the room.the breakfast was ok if u like toast.if u want to pay £120 for a disapointing stay then go a head but i am warning u now do not stay at this hotel!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 11 2008	Not bad for the price; clean and safe but tiny rooms	This place is not bad for the price; getting a decent room in central london for 35 GBP seems next to impossible - but that's exactly what I paid here. The place was clean and safe, although my single room was TINY. Don't expect big size or a nice view. it's a good place to crash for the night but nothing really beyond that.	
Mar 26 2008 	Stay away	Stay away from this hotel, this is probably the best advice you can get. The rooms are very small as are the beds. You have to be very much in love to sleep in the so-called double bed. The bathroom was nice except for no hot water in the morning. Breakfast also is ok if you love toast.Some of the staff are very nice and helpfull but a few of them seems to have studied at Fawlty Towers.The hotels only real asset is its prime location close to the tube, busses and restaurants in quuensway but there are lot of better hotels only slightly more expensive in the area.	
Mar 16 2008 	Can't recommend this hotel to anyone	By far our worst hotel experience in London:We booked this hotel after seeing pictures and description at the hotel's own website. The room was very small and so was the bed: Actually the bed was so short that I (1m83cm) had to lie diagonal in order to bee there. No duvets were present, but one bedsheet and blanket for sharing. Amongst others, the hotel webside promised &quot;flat screen LCD television&quot; but it was some 14&quot; old fashion tv with only three channels and no working remote. It also promised a trousers press which were there, but it was visibly broken. Bathroom was also very small and toilet cistern was extremely slow to refill.The continental breakfast did not contain what I would call &quot;a selection&quot; of cereals as stated on the hotel website. It contained of cornflakes and one type of oatmeals or the like. None of the promised fruit or juices were present.We were woken several times as the firealarm - according to the staff when we asked about it - went off everytime someone took a cigarette somewhere at the hotel. Hence we ended up in not taking the alarm seriously.Lifts were of very poor quality and actually we trembled out of the lift the first time as it didn't quite reach the level of one of the floors, but was missing a few inches.The staff didn't greet when guests were coming or going, but seemed rather resigned.	
Mar 12 2008 	Aweful accommodation in most ways	-Dingy small room-Shower leaked, and sprayed water everywher- toilet seat and garbage broken- carpet had &quot;hills&quot;in it from wear- TV busted- Safe didn't work- Surly aweful staff, except for one gentleman (who should be commended -- of black descent) who was exceptional- Charged for services (which was OK) but shorted me on change because, believe it or not, they didn't have any!- needs complete renovation of halls and (at least) my roomI could go on, but you get the idea.	
Feb 28 2008 	Budget Value	The staff at this hotel are very friendly. It is close to a couple of Tube Stations which makes traveling around the capital easy. The room was clean and tidy but very small. The breakfast was adequate but the fresh fruit is tinned fruit. The lift was clostraphobic! The area was OK. It was a good budget hotel. With small bedrooms it would benefit from an area downstairs to sit in at the end of a long day sightseeing.	
Feb 7 2008 	nightmare	first room was small,dirty &amp; had water leaking in from room upstairs . got moved to a 2nd room which was better. our friends also had to change room only to have a £300 personal item disappear the next dayfrom his drawer. when the police got involved the item appeared at reception that night ........amazing......wont be back	
Jan 17 2008 	Good hotel!	We booked this hotel through Thomsons and when we got home, we had a look on the internet for details on it. I find that almost all of the reviews on this hotel are OTT! It is around a 5 min walk from Bayswater tube (circle line) and 7 mins from Queensway tube (central line). Entrance area is clean and easy to understand (in terms of where you check in etc). Lifts are very small, one can fit 4 people in, the other can just about manage 2 (without bags!) but better than no lift at all!  Room was an ok size, had a double bed, wardrobe, bed side cabinet and desk with chair. Bathroom was very clean with toilet, shower and basin, bathmat, hand towel and 2 bath towels.  Room came with a kettle, tea, coffee, sugar, milk, hairdryer and wall mounted flat screen TV. Room was quiet, well heated with 2 opening windows.  Continental breakfast, consisted of cereal (cornflakes and rice krispies), toast (white or brown bread with butter, jam and marmalade), bread rolls, croissants, fruit (looked like tinned grapefruit and tropical mix), coffee, orange juice and mixed fruit juice. All was nice, toasters had a mind of their own! Internet access available, £1.50 per 30 mins which is steep, but others in Bayswater only provided wireless access, no actual PC or laptop to work from. Rooms were cleaned daily and restocked with coffee stuff and shampoos etc.  Hallways were scruffy looking, wallpaper coming off etc but i wasn't intending on hanging around in the hallways so was of no real importance! I found the staff so-so, we didn't have any problems to report but they didn't pay a lot of attention to us when checking in or out.  Overall, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel, rooms were of 3* standard, breakfast was more than acceptable and the area of Bayswater is a great area! Lots of (free) cash machines, several places to eat (McDonalds, japanese, Pizza Hut, Belle Italia, waffle house, chinese etc) and places to have a drink. Quite a quiet area and only a few stops on the central line from Victoria (VERY handy!) Overall i would give the hotel 8.5/10 and the area of Bayswater 10/10!	
Jan 7 2008 	What are you people talking about?!?!	I read the reviews on here and was expecting quite the nightmare. What I found was the opposite. I am a single 30 something woman traveling alone to London and what I found was great. I stayed there 8 nights. From Christmas to New Years. I had to pre pay too but that’s because I went through Go Today, so it’s the same as if I would have paid when I got there. No big deal.Speaking of paying, I thought they were going to charge me for my local incoming phone calls from my friend who I went to visit, they did not. So it’s not like they were trying to tack anything onto my bill.The room was small, sure, but do you expect to hang out in the room when visiting London? It was safe and clean. The bed was a bit lumpy but by the time I got back I was exhausted and had no problem sleeping. The bathroom was clean as was the rest of the room. The staff was amazing too.Breakfast, sure...not much but fresh fruit, cereal and toast are really all I need in the morning. It really filled me up.Quite personally, I think that all the people writing these horrible reviews are just a little pretentious. The place is in a very nice area, but it's just not that kind of hotel. It reminded me of a very nice hostel. If you are a person that really doesn’t care that much about image and status and stuff like that, just want a clean, affordable place to lay your head, in a great area. I would recommend Queens Park. Both I and my friend agreed it’s really not a bad place at all.We did get a good giggle about the lifts….they are very tiny, so don’t take too huge of a bag, but if you do I’m sure the guys at the front desk would be more than willing to take them up for you.I found it very quaint and I would stay there again.I have attached a pic of my room.	
Jan 4 2008 	Filthy flophouse	Booked this hotel for two friends and myself for a special birthday weekend away. We chose the hotel on the basis of the website photos and it's central location. On arrival payment was taken in advance. The room we were shown to was filthy, in the basement, with little natural light, and exceptionally small for a triple room. We complained and were shown two other basement rooms in a similar filthy condition including one onto the street with no curtains on the window and an unsatisfactory fourth floor room. The 'Hotel' is considerably run down from the impression given by the website. The manager declined to refund our money in full (retained the cost of one night for each of us) when we decided not to stay even one night, saying we could complain if we liked but it would make no difference as all complaints went to him anyway. We felt quite unsafe. Definitely not a place to stay.	
Dec 18 2007 	The ultimate nightmare	My boyfriend and I book what we thought from the description and photographs on the website, was a 3 star hotel. In reality it is anything but. When we arrived we were asked for payment straight away before we even saw the &quot;double&quot; room. After we had gone through a scarily unsafe looking lift, which barely managed two people and two suitcases, we entered a tiny, smelly, stuffy corridoor which led to an even dirtier bedroom. We then returned to reception and asked for a refund, and were told we had to pay for the room for the first night. The whole place and the treatment by the reservations manager was a disgrace. The website is deceptive and obviously there is a fear that people will not stay when they see the reality of the building. I would not even call it a hotel. For your own sake, and to avoid paying for insults DO NOT GO THERE. We left as the loss of £75, which I fully intend to claim back, and will be submitting an official complaint to the relevent authorities. Its is absolutely shocking that guests can be decieved like this and charged for the insult. We eventually stayed in a hotel accross the street and even they said guests had often left and stayed elsewhere.	
Dec 12 2007 	sleepless in London	I read the reviews and decided to take a chance. It was difficult to get three single beds (for three adults) in one room on relatively short notice. Location was great, and we did feel safe in our room, but that was the best I can say. There was a cigarette burn hole in my bedspread. I tried not to look too closely at my surroundings. I noticed the crude repairs done in the bathroom to repair the broken door and shower curtain rod. The refrigerator was feeble and worthless. But the worst, and the real downside, was an inability to get a decent rest. The beds were all &quot;broken&quot; and sagged in the middle, making restful sleep impossible. We averaged about four hours tops, mostly from exhaustion. The room was hot and stuffy with the window closed, but the noise from the street was awful with the window open. It sounded like there was a pub across the street, and I woke one night to repeated peels of a woman's laughter. Traffic noise I'm used to, and still it was bad. The included breakfast was worthless. No fruit either fresh or canned. Mostly breads, or dry cereal served with room-temperature milk. And last, English did not seem to be the native language of either the staff or most of the guests.	
Dec 4 2007 	Not the best you'll find...	This hotel charges a lot of money because of its location....but it really is not worth the cost. As past reviewers have noted, there is a lot to be wary about, and although I found it alright for a short stay, I know there are better options out there.The lifts were coffin cramped and slow, so I negoiated the badly labelled staircases, wandering around steps and floors until I got to my room. The room itself was very good - a bit cramped but I am on my own so it wasn't that bad. The bathroom had not been cleaned that well, and it was very small. &quot;Breakfast&quot; really did live up to the name &quot;fast&quot; - the bread/fruit/cereal selection would have been a scandal were it not so laughable. Saying all this, I really would not bad mouth the hotel too much - it is great for three tube lines, and almost every bus is on the main route into Oxford Street or Westminster. It is a good location for the shopping and pubs outside Queensway station itself.	
Nov 29 2007 	Please don't go there	The hotel is dirty, from the front door to inside your room. We had to chance rooms three times because the standard was so poor. I wasn't expecting 5 star but was expecting 3 star I would only give it 1. On the bright side the staff are friendly and do try to make things right, but you can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. There are much better hotel's in the same price bracket.	
Nov 5 2007 	Beware	This Hotel is nothing like their website pretends.It is a cheap, tacky and dirty hotel well past its sell by date.One nite in a grubby rubbish room with a bed like a board was the worst £110 I have ever spent. The hotel would be better assigned to vagrants.	
Oct 24 2007	What a disgrace	My wife and I stayed at this hotel on 14th &amp; 15th October. My advice to any potential guest is AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE, The rooms are small, poorly equipped (the beds are awful), dirty, and in our case the room was actually supplied with its own box of rodenticide. The bathroom was worse - mould on the ceiling and in the grouting around the bath/shower, broken toilet fittings, and no lock on the door! There was no bar or restaurant available, the continental breakfast was a joke, and the attitude of the duty manager was one of &quot;we are a three star hotel&quot;. No you are not.	
Oct 11 2007 	Very poor hotel - even if it is cheap!	Stayed here one night on a work trip and would never do so again. The rooms were very tatty and in need of decoration. The floors were uneven and i didn't want to take off my shoes and walk on the carpet. The shower was in barely working order and the TV was worse than useless. Worst thing though was that the fire exit on the fourth floor was mostly blocked by matress and furniture from a room that was being refurbished. We reported this to reception and it was duly noted but remained unchanged when we left the next day. Staff were pleasant and tried to be helpful but they are working with very poor facilities. Lots of foreign tourists were staying and i felt quite ashamed at the standard of accommodation they were being offered for the money!	
Oct 4 2007 	Queens Park Hotel London a real nightmare.!!!	Queens Park Hotel, London 48 Queensborough Terrace, Bayswater, LondonA real nightmare.!!!This hotel NEEDS DECORATING. Dirty rooms. Window whoch opened max 6 inches. Bedroom: Thin pillow &amp; very terrible beds, hard and very lumpy broken bed. Curtains were so old and dirty. Poor standard and wall paper and borders was peeling off. Beaten up lampshade. Bedrooms are shabby and carpet dampish smell. The bathroom was tiny. Hair dryer broken.The halls were narrow and hard to navigate. Very noisy from early in the morning by staff in reception.Very small breakfast. Cornflakes and soggy toast with jam, coffee/tea and juice and fruit cocktail. No cheese or egg. VERY basic “Continental Breakfast”. No facilities to buy food. Confirmation promised a daily paper - receptionist informed me this has been discontinued for the past three years!Would strongly recommend people do NOT stay there In my experience, this is no way a 3-star hotel Hotel a real nightmare. !!! These observations refer to rooms 108 and 120 when we would be moved for the second night.Not value for money at all!!	
Sep 2 2007 	condemned to helll !!	me and my partner booked this hotel from the londonhotelsite.com website, after reading it was a 3 star hotel,and described as being a 'luxury hotel' with 'comfort' and having 'high standards' and being 'hospitable' these are the most untrue claims that this hotel can make,when we first arrived we were given a room on the first floor which we used the 'coffin' like lifts to get to that floor, after walking down a dark stinking coridor we finaly got to our room, which was the size of a hamster cage ! we told the reception that we could not stay there, we were then given another room to look at on the 5th floor, me and my partner had to take 2 sepertae journeys in the lift to get the to that floor, they are so tiny !!we arrived on the 5th floor which had no lights switched on in the coridors, and old used mattress were stored right infront of the lifts, we had to find the light switches, then we had the same problem the room was not acceptable, we told the reception that we want a better room on the ground floor as we dont find the lifts acceptable or even safe.we were given a ground floor room, which stunk like urine !the carpet was dispicable,and not even vacuumed properly, the wallpaper was hanging off the walls, with think green mould caused by damp, the radiators were clogged thick with dust and dirt, the walls and skirting board were covered in unknown liquid type stains, and dust and dirt,the trouser press fell away completely from the wall, which is unsafe.the bathroom was full of damp and rotten bath panels, and the tiles were full of resdue from previous guests taking showers.one morning the cleaner turned up to clean our room carrying a dirty hand held bucket and a dirty brown stained sponge !!not a proffesional cleaning maids trolly insight.despite there own fire safety procedures (which is found on the back of the room door) stateing that every day at 12 noon they will test the fire alarm, we stayed there for 3 days and never heard it once,....maybe it dosent work at all ??!!...potentially an extreme fire safety hazard !we were constantly harrassed by the receptionist staff requesting we change the room, as they had over booked that room for another guest !the mattress was completely worn out, it was ripped and had the springs sprung, most unbeliveably it was covered all over in heavey yellow and brown stains,...this hotel is no where near a 3 star !!!!and the comments on there own website are very misleading we have filmed all this evidence.just because the room rate was not as expensive as other hotels, it does not mean we have to accept an inferior service or less standards of good housekeeping.my advice would be to stay away completely, it is the most unhygienic place i have ever had the misfortune to stay at.	
Aug 16 2007	Nice hotel great price!	We (young married couple) stayed at Queens Park Hotel for 3 nights August 10-13 2007.We got dbl room on the basement floor. It was great, because we didn't need to use an elevator at all and the room wasn't hot at all, although it was August.The room is small, but VERY clean, the bathroom is VERY clean, which is the first pripority for me. There is a bath, 4 towels - 2 small &amp; 2 big, change towels EVERY DAY.There is a private safe in the room, as well as tea &amp; coffee faciities.The breakfast was poor, but it was enough for me for 51 pound per room per night.The staff is very friendly, very nice.You can buy tours and excursions directly from the consierge &amp; you can also book shuttle service from the hotel to Stansted airport for only 12.5 pounds per person.I would definetely stayed again in this hotel	
Aug 5 2007 	Quite disappointed	Booked through a website for 70gbp/night/twin room incl. breakfast. Run down since the photos were taken. Had a small room facing the street with a small bathroom, but that's nothing new for the category. There were spots on the wall carpets. The furniture was missing some small parts. TV was working, limited number of channels.There are two small (failing) elevators.The only positive point is the location.The breakfast is a joke. No meat, eggs, cheese. Nothing that requires a fridge. Everybody was looking puzzled. Never saw that poor one.Forgot to check the reviews before booking :-(Better look for a different next time.	
Jun 25 2007 	Not recommended	My wife and I booked this hotel through Virgin Atlantic Vacations package. The hotel is situated in the Bayswater area on a relative quiet residentilal street. We are familiar with this area as we stayed there many times. Here, the acceptability ends. The hotel has not been well maintained at all The owners have carried the idea of &quot;no-fill&quot; and its &quot;budget&quot; rating to the extreme. On entry, the guests are greeted with a well worn-out welcoming mat which is an eyesore, and then though an always opened paint-peeled door in hideious blue. On entry, the lobby has only a few uncomfortable wooden chairs along the wall for those who need to wait for the rooms to be readied, or to picked up by shuttle services. There is on another wall a well worn and didlipated and filthy couch which even the Salvation Army would likely refuse, While the staff are helpful and courtious, but their competence are wanting. Then along the counter there are a few drooping potted plants which would be much better off being discarded.The rooms are small and barely adequate, but the carpeting are worn and filthy. Gurests are well advised to bring their own soap, as the hotel only provides one or two packets of bath gel and shampoo, no facial tissues It's down-right dangerous to ge in or out of the bath tub which is set on different levels to the bathroom floor. The shower head is set so high, it take some stretching and reaching to bring it sown. As to the Continenal Breakfast, it consists of the basic .(white and wheat sliced bread,with butter and jam, rolls, two kinds of cold cereals, and apple and orange juices. canned fruits, coffee and tea. After six days there, it becames rather monotonous. Also, there's only one chair in the room .If the chair is occupied by wife who needs to make up to get out, the spouse would have to sit on the bed.. As our plane was delayed one night due to mechanical problem and the airline called ahead from Orlando to request the cancellation of the first night and extend anther night at the end, the hotel doesn't want to recognize this and was on the phone aurguing, which is annoying.We don't know what the rate is as it is included in the Virgin Atlantic package. But we definitely will not check in at this hotel again. Travelers are well advised to seek elswhere.It's okay for the very young with tight budgets or travelers from less developed countries. But for others who are looking for a pleasant and relaxing vacation, stay clear of this hotel.	
Jun 11 2007 	stop moaninghow much did you pay!!	Went to the queens park hotel for 2 days ,myself and my husband.After reading the reviews i was dreading going to this hotel and almost went somewhere else,but for the price we paid we decided to give it a go,thinking if it was that bad we would just go somewhere else.The first room we were shown 101,was awfull.it was tiny,with no natural light ,there was a window but this just look`d onto a fire escape,which made the room feel even darker,obviously a smoker had used the room before we got there because the room was very heavy with the smell of smoke.The bathroom was so small if you sat on the toilet you would have touched the shower cubical with your knees,no bath.my husband went down to reception and was given ,without question another set of keys.Room 112 was much better,although still small,it was very bright ,looking onto the main steet,there was much more space in this room even with a double bed,wardrobe,and dressing table,The bathroom was also much better having the benifit of the bath and shower.the general decor was abit dated but the room was clean.The continental style breakfast was very good,and there was plently to go round,The only improvement that could be made hear is possably the option of some cold meats or boiled eggs to go with all the other stuff on offer.The staff were good and im sure would be as helpfull as possible if needed.The best part of this hotel by far has to be its location,hyde park on your door step,a 5min walk to marble arch,queensway tube station 2 mins by foot,and a short bus ride to oxford street and central london (if fit you could even walk it ).On a whole i found this hotel to be ok.Yes it could do with some new carpets,Yes it could do with decorating in alot of areas (painters were doing lobby while we were there so they are trying to improve things) and yes the rooms are debatable on the one your given,as to weather sutable or not,but the rooms are clean and the for the price and location of this hotel i would have to say you get good value for your money.A 3* hotel? maybee not ,more like a bed and breakfast,so if you want 1st class service with wonderfull rooms,and views to match, pay the £150 pounds pppn or more for that kind of hotel in central london,if your happy with a basic room to sleep in, great breakfast,and an exellent location,then this hotel will probably do you fine.after all its cheap as chips!!	
May 26 2007 	Loved the free breakfast (buffet style continental)	We are two asian male travelers in early 20s (ie university students). from Toronto and Montreal and stayed from May 7-10, 2007.The price was really good and the location was close to Queensway station. Liked1) FREE Breakfast - unlimited amount of cereral with 2% partly skinned milk, croissants, toast, coffee, orange juice, jam, peaches - very good2) Location - close to Queensway and internet cafes close by 3) Staff - very helpful and pleasantDisliked1) SMALL Lift - very small elevator for like 1-2 person - do not recommend to bring overly huge suitcases and will not fit - pack LIGHT	
May 22 2007 	Avoid at all costs	I booked this hotel, at short notice, through Expedia based on the cost and their description. It was truly horrible. The description made the place seem good and mentioned cable TV, free newspapers, bar/lounge and much more - well it has none of these. The room I had was tatty and disgusting. The main fabric of the hotel could not have been redecorated or refurnished for decades - dirty carpets, peeling stained paintwork etc.I can see that if you paid perhaps £20, it might be just about worth it but at £100 definitely not. The DIY breakfast was the only part that was just about OK.	
May 8 2007 	Excellent Value for money	Had an excellent weekend in London and staying at the Queens Park Hotel, The room was a little small but clean with beds made and fresh towels every day.Breakfast was very good with unlimited Toast, Cereals, Croissants, Tea, Coffee and Fruit juices. Black Lion Pub on Bayswater Road highly recommended !We were a party of four in two rooms and we all thought the Hotel was far better than expected. At these prices anyone who whinges needs a good kick in the [----]!!!!!!!!	
Apr 21 2007 	Cheap and reasonably cheerful	This is a no-frills, budget hotel for people who are looking for value rather than comfort. Apart from the breakfast room, which shows signs of redecoration, the public areas and the room in which I stayed were tired and uncared-for. Everything worked: shower, kettle, windows but the bed linen and pillows were thin. The staff were efficient and friendly and the hotel seemed well-enough run and reasonably clean. I would certainly stay there again for a night or two, especially on the £30 b&amp;b tariff I booked. I don't think that can be beaten for central London.	
Apr 19 2007 	Clean and Nice Location	We came to stay at the Queen's Park after being transferred from the hotel down the street where we were originally booked (we arrived in London to find out that the other place was overbooked!). It was definitely a blessing!The Queen's Park Hotel was cleaner and more modern than the other place and the staff much more pleasant (if you want to know where the other place was that we were originally booked into - and stayed for one night - please feel free to email me).The good:Clean rooms with small but servicable bathrooms.Location was great - in an interesting part of London (Bayswater) with lots of action going on two blocks over, but the street the hotel is on is very quiet and charming.The tube is close by (although one of them was out of order and we had to walk a short distance longer for the other one - if you are there on a weekend or holiday, you may run into times when the tube is down for repairs).The not-so- good:Beds not particularly comfortable - a bit hard and lumpyThe &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was a joke - cheap slices of bread, Costco-type croissants, corn flakes and rice krispies, coffee and tea and a watery oj (I think - maybe it was grapefruit - hard to tell). This may be an English thing - we ate the breakfasts because it was included and London is so terribly expensive that we figured it was better to fill up on something! Plus they tended to run out out flatware and cups and did not replace it.The lifts (elevators) are teensy - and slow - I tried to walk up and down stairs as much as possible.No wi-fi, but there is one computer in the lobby that you can rent for 1 pound fifty for a half hour.Suggestions, especially for Americans who have not visited London before:Be prepared for the expense! I had heard &quot;it's expensive there&quot; but I've visited NYC, Anchorage and San Francisco multiple times and I thought I understood what &quot;expensive&quot; meant - but I was wrong. Because of the weak dollar, it is even more so, but be prepared in many cases to pay up to 4 times what you are used to in the U.S. (eg, a soda or bottled water in a restaurant can cost $7 or $8!). The one thing that is reasonably priced compared to NYC are the West End shows - defiinitely plan to see one or more - they are Broadway quality and you'll have a great time.Buy a tube and bus combo pass - you can buy these daily unless you are staying for more than 5 days. It gives you unlimited access and the transportation system is really great.To get to the airport, there is a train called Heathrow Express which is about 15 pounds each. But there is a slower train (but not that slow), that is only 7 pounds that also leaves from Paddington Station. We found out about it by accident - our hotel didn't even seem to know about it - and this saved us quite a bit as compared to taking a taxi (we were travelling with our two daughters so multiply everything by 4!).Contact me at feltingmom@gmail.com if you have any questions!	
Mar 21 2007	A bargain very pleasantly suprised indeed thanks!!	We had been originally booked at the Bayswater but were moved on check in to the Queens park- and after paying just ?39 inc breakfast for a double room in Central London and reading reviews of the Bayswater beforehand, my wife and I were a 'lot' apprehensive!!I have to say in all honesty, firstly in terms of service, we were more than happy the entire stay, from the moment the friendly lady greeted us at the Bayswater and sorted our pre paid taxi transfer,, to checking in at the Queens Park, welcomed by genuinely corteous desk staff, getting an upgraded room without asking, to chatting about local info and football etc- no attitudes just good service...All rooms worked on key cards so there no door keys to lose/hand back either which was a relief.Yes the room was very small, no it wasnt brand new or pristinely perfect and yes the hotel in general is well used and a little tired in places it was nether the less a bargain- it was clean enough, had wardrobes, mirrors, en suite, tea/coffee, big tv and a clean bed- and for us and most other London explorers, a hotel room is merely to wash, store clothes and sleep in, and in ours we were able to do just that-The bathroom smelt clean and fresh and was tidy/good order-There was also no noise whatsoever throughout our stay so no interupted sleep.and as for location, it was spot on- Queensway tube stop is barely 2 mins down the main road, 30 seconds if you jog, there are loads of buses at the end of the road, and the hotel is also minutes away from the park, nice bars/pubs, branded high st shops, fast food, convinience stores, restaurants etc...Queensway stop is also barely a few stops from Oxford Street so location was genuinely perfect for us.After reading about the Bayswaters breakfast offer and previous reviews, we had already made our minds up we would avoid breakfast, however, until that was we went and looked, what a top suprise, Cereals, toast, croissants, juices, coffee, tea, fresh fruit...brilliant!! (we ate lots and saved even more money, it was also well presented, fresh and delicious too)All in all, for what we wanted in a hotel as abase, and what we paid it was an absolute bargain, yes you can pay double that and get a modern, spotlessly clean, pristine branded chain hotel, but unless you intend to spend your stay sat in your room, watching tv, why bother? In life, yes you get what you pay for, but I genuinely feel, for the location, service and price, we got a lot more than we paid or bargained for here and my apprehensive expectations were more than suppassed.My advice, if you want a swanky roomy big name branded chain hotel to lounge away the evenings and days in and moneys not a question, look elsewhere, if you want a smaller, friendly base to explore London at a bargain price you can do a lot worse than give the Queens Park a try.	
Mar 10 2007 	Surprise surprise....actually quite good!!!	Okay, this review may shock a few peple who have seen the pictures of this place or stayed there....Originally, we booked to stay at the Bayswater Inn but, as these things always go, when we arrived there we were told it was fully booked and we were going to be shifted to a partner hotel...the Queens Park Hotel. Obviously this was followed by some disappointment and we weren't particularly impressed by the room we were given...it was tiny, the TV looked like it may fall off the stand any time soon and there was no view at all, unless you like external staircases. The bathroom wasn't great either, the shower was dirty and you couldn't sit on the toilet without banging against the sink. Pretty dire really. We went back to reception and told them, in a nice way of course, that we wanted to leave the hotel entirely. We were offered another room at this point. The guy at the desk explained that this was a brand new part of the hotel and so we agreed to look at it...they actually showed us TWO rooms. These rooms were located in the basement and there was still work going on around the stair area. However, the rooms were GREAT! [Okay, not totally 5* or anything but for the price we paid - about £55 per night, you would be hard pressed to find something that good in a central area]. I have uploaded the pictures and I am sure you will be able to tell them apart from the others. Everything was brand new and there was even an LCD TV. The only disadvantages were that it was in the basement so not a great view, but hey, we were there to sight-see so it really didn't matter. We did originally ask for a double bed but af you can see in the pictures we had two singles set together. The other nice room we were shown did have a double bed but we just preferred this room. Also, the walls are not very sound proof, but we didn't really bother about this. We were just extremely lucky with the room!Breakfast was included and it's stuff like cereal, toast, tea, juice...not highly amazing but enough to get you started for the day. Arrive on time as at precisely 10am [weekdays] they will whip everything away.The area is really nice, especially if you want a multi-cultural outlook. It didn't feel like London at all! Hyde park is just a minute away and Queensway tube is about 3 min walk, i.e. round the corner and very conveniently on the central line.Personally, we won't book with this hotel again, but that is not because we didn't like it. There is no guarantee we would get a great room again. If you do want to go for it, I would suggest you ask for the basement rooms if you can. It's a bargain is you get it for £50 - 60 per night!	
Feb 5 2007 	Budget hotel good location.	Overall an adequate hotel, with good and bad points. For the same price I would go back, if the rates increased I wouldn't.Good points:a. Newly decorated room.b. Air conditioned.c. Location.d. Price.e. Friendly and accomodating staff.Bad points:a. Stairwell out of action due to decorators equipment strewn about.b. EXTREMELY small lift (less than a metre deep and just over a metre wide - I would NOT want to get stuck in there!)c. Breakfast was a complete free for all; the toaster didnt work, the glasses and mugs ran out and were not replaced and it was very overcroweded. We abandoned it on our first day and found a really nice cafe round the corner that did a full english - &quot;Bayswater Cafe&quot;. If you do not intend to stay in your hotel for a great deal of time (which - let's face it is not the idea if you're visiting London anyway) it is certainly not the worst place to stay. By comparison the previous time I was in London, I stayed in a similar hotel for the same price, but it was much further away from the centre of London.	
Jan 3 2007 	Yet another cancellation	I can't comment on the rooms or anything at this hotel since having booked it online we were told on arrival that our room had been flooded and they couldn't accomodate us. They booked us into a hotel nearby (which incidentally was pretty aweful).Some friends also booked this hotel and the same thing happened - except a faulty boiler was blamed this time.Strange how often this seems to happen when you read the reviews on trip advisor don't you think? Nuff said!	
Dec 8 2006 	Stay Clear !!!	Too many things to describe, just dont waste your money on this shabby hovel. My daughter &amp; I came away covered in bites.	
Dec 4 2006 	Convenient location shabby hotel	This hotel was conveniently located near a Tube stop, Kensington gardens, several restaurants, an Internet cafe and a change bureau. The staff was pleasant as well. However, our room and common areas needed new paint and carpeting, and the bathroom tile was mismatched and old; finally, there was a rat trap near the night stand. The hotel was not the cleanest, and the walls were very thin - we could hear everything in the next room. This hotel was tolerable because we stayed only 2 nights. The nightly rate was economical, but I would have rather paid a bit more for a nicer place.	
Nov 5 2006 	enjoed the stay	Recenty stayed in this hotel as part of a weekend break with my husband. The moment we checked in, wee were welcomed by friendly staff, courteuos concierge who took our luggage right up to the room and showed us the room. When entering the room we were satisfied with the condition, the room seemed recently refubished. The ameneties all there as advertised. The staff were extremely responsive and the housekeeping department were always good. We paid a fair price for what we had received and included breakfast which was very good. Consisted of a full continental breakfast which had a good variety. The hotel was in good condition, the staff were extremely friendly and the location was fantastic, really is in the centre of London with Hyde Park only accross the road and underground stations nearby. Buses also pass through this area. All in all, my husband and I really enjoyed our stay. The only downide was the the lifts were small, but they were in good working order.	
Nov 1 2006 	Never Again	I have just stayed at this hotel with my family over the Half Term holidays and i will not be taking them back. As soon as we walked into the reception area I was left wondering what we had let ourselves in for. The 2 lifts that are supposed to carry &quot;4 persons&quot; each do not. The larger one of the 2 only managed me, my husband and my 11yr old son and one small caseand it was a tight squeeze. The 2nd lift we could only fit myself an a small case.Our bedroom was on the 5th floor (of course), the room its self was quite large however the bed were very uncomfortable and creaked at the slightest movement which kept us awake most of the night. There was no air conditioning but as one of the windows on had one handle we had a constant draft blowing throw it. We had booked a free child place for our son, but still had to pay for breakfast £7.50 for Full English &amp; £5.50 Continental (cereal, Croisant, and a roll).Overall We were not very impressed with this hotel at all and will not be reccommending it to any of our friends.	
Oct 28 2006 	London trip	I wish I could say this was the best hotel I have stayed at but that would not be true. I booked two doubles for two nights and a single for one night, on arrival we had to spend first night in basement room for 4 as the two doubles were not available, the basement room was supposed to be a superior room but in fact was anything but. Second night had two double rooms one of which was very small, upon entering this room I thought it was a single as the bed was so small. Some of the furniture in the rooms we used was falling apart and some of the beds were very lumpy. On arrival at the hotel one lift was out of action the other was exceedingly small. The continental breakfast was not the best meal I have ever had. On the plus side the location was fine for our purposes, not to far from queens park underground station. The area was pleasant and close to Hyde Park. At the price we paid for the rooms, £55 for a double per night, you could say we got what we paid for.	
Oct 15 2006 	Dreadful Hotel.........	I think the website of this hotel should be updated with proper picture of the lobby, reception and rooms etc. It looks nothing like the website - totally misleading to bookers. The hotel is dreadful and would never stay there again. It should be described as a hostel not a hotel..... our family booked in before us and was given a room which can only be described as a prison cell - it had a small window at the top, broken furniture and toilet. There was a terrible smell on the stairs leading up to the rooms and on investigating what the smell was, we found dogs muck on the stairs. I would never recommend this hotel and will never stay there again - if it is the last hotel in London available - would rather sleep on a park bench!The Hotel should be closed down, refurbished and then re-open. I wish I had taken pictures and then made up my own website on the hotel.	
Sep 6 2006 	False and misleading advertising	We stayed there in August 2006 and from the outset the advertising and photographs of the hotel are false and misleading. This is just slightly above a basic backpackers lodge. It has no bar as advertised, the restaurant if you can call it that does not look anything like the photos and there is no lounge. The only place to sit is next to the Concierge on a battered and broken three seater. The staff were reasonably friendly, the rooms totally over rated. They were tiny and cramped, our double bed was pushed against a wall that meant my wife had to climb over me to get in and out of bed.No aircondition so we had to have the window open, the noise was unbelievable. There is a set of flats/apartments opposite where the young tenants sit on the doorway yelling and talking all night.We cut our stay short and went to a Travelodge - much better and a lot cheaper. The only thing in QP's favour was the location, just metres from Hyde Park and Queensgate.	
Jul 18 2006	Locked out of our own room twice!	Pictures of the lobby, outside, and &quot;restaurant&quot; are very misleading. This is definitely a low budget hotel. The restaurant is really only open for breakfast. The staff is no way overly friendly, although we did have a very meticulous maid. Our key card failed to let us into our room twice, the second time beacuse we were trying to get into our room 5 minutes after check-out time. As we were on the 5th floor and the elevator trip probably takes a minute a floor, this was extremely annoying. The shower setup was very strange- there was a ledge between the tub and the wall the shower head was on. There was no remote for the TV and the Channel Up button on the TV, which turns it on, was missing. The matress was absolutely disgusting. It looked very yellow and old and was very hard. There was an extra blanket undeneath the sheet being used as a matress pad. The location is very nice, though- most convenient to the Queensway Tube station (just redone) and Kensington Park. The area seemed very safe, even late at night, and we didn't have any trouble sleeping through any street noise with our window open all night. I would not stay here again unless I was on a very, very tight budget and needed to be in this area of London.	
Jul 13 2006 	Stay somewhere else	I stayed here while attending a training course in London. When I arrived my first opinion was that it was ok as I was only staying for two nights and it would do. When I went to bed on the first night I noticed a red bug had landed on my arm, I had a look around the bed and I found several of these little bugs. I went down to reception and explained the situation in the room and asked to be moved to another room. At first the person on reception said that the hotel was full and he had no other rooms available. As there were other quests in reception at the time I used it to my advantage to demand another room or get moved to another hotel or I would let the other guests know what was in my room. All of a sudden he had a room available for me. The new room was not great but slightly better than the first.I would not recommend staying in this hotel, pay a bit extra and get a room without bugs.	
Jun 9 2006	The Queens Park Hotel is just like Blackpool Lancashire	I have just stayed at the hotel sharing a twin room with my son, to be honest my son was paying, so the price was important. The hotel reminded me of one from Blackpool, with upgrades going on all the time. Our room was on the 4th floor, I went up in the lift once only, which only fits two people, the other lift was broken, and as I have seen from past reviews has been for a while. The stairs are very narrow and the upper floors feel clostrophobic as you climb, the floors are on a downward slope, even the mattress on our beds. But the rooms where very clean and comfortable and for the price I was very happy. If I was a family with small children I would ask for a room on the first floor. We did not find the bar on arriving back at 10pm which was disappointing, but managed to get a bottle of water from reception. The restaurant was not open on the Thursday evening we arrived, and next day at breakfast it was, make your own toast, no cloths on tables and not very helpful at all.	
Apr 10 2006	Sometimes it's better to splurge...especially if you want to sleep well.	I booked this hotel through Hotwire for a very low price. The location is fantastic and is within walking distance to Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park and, if you're up for a bit of exercise, Notting Hill. There's also a lot of shops and restaurants within easy walking distance. However, as most of the other reviews state, the hotel leaves a lot to be desired. The elevator is ridiculously small- there's barely enough room for one traveler and a suitcase. You literally can't turn around in it and it's very slow. The room was also very, very small. I requested a two person room so I was given a very small double bed. There was just enough room for two people to lay side by side without much movement. The bed was like sleeping on sawdust as were the pillows. The restaurant is non existent except for breakfast- apparently you have to make an advance booking and even then, it has to be for a party of ten or more which seems a little pointless. The 'business center' is a computer and a chair in the lobby with access to a fax machine and copier if you ask. As the other review stated, the bathroom was miniscule. The sink is over the toilet and banging of the knees was a bit of a problem. The service was polite and efficient but not particularly friendly or helpful. Since our stay was for one night only, the Queen's Park was tolerable however, for longer stays, I would definitely not recommend it. Even if you plan to be in your room only to sleep, you won't really get a decent rest in these rooms- the beds are frightful and the neighbourhood isn't the quietest. While the price may seem low, sometimes it's better to pay a little more to get a decent night's sleep.	
Apr 3 2006	Someone broke in our room while we were sleeping!!	Someone broke in our room while we were sleeping!! We were robbed. They snatched a purse and brief case. I found the brief case in the stair well. The staff was not helpful. It was only at the request of the police that we were able to change rooms. None of the doors have latches.Two good things: Hot water readily available and a good locatiopn to the tube, bus and Hyde Park	
Apr 2 2006	Pretty shabby place- but fine for a budget	If you are used to north american hotel standards, this is probably not the hotel for you. The decor is pretty trashy and the linens look and feel like they were purchased in the 1970's. There is peeling wallpaper and stained furniture in both the lobby and the hotel rooms themselves. Not the best place I've stayed but not totally repulsive either. Basically, you pay for what you get and in this case given the cheap price, it's no wonder that it didn't feel like I was staying in a four-star hotel. They rate themselves as being a three-star hotel but do not be fooled by this - it is really more like a glorified one-star hotel to be honest. Stay here if you need to save a buck! Elevator was out of order when we arrived, but location can't be beat.	
Mar 22 2006	Avoid Avoid Avoid	Our friend from Canada arrived in England three weeks ago to spend the summer months on a working holiday here. She had booked into the Queens Park for her first few nights while she attended some interviews in London.On arriving at the hotel, she unloaded her luggage in her room and then went off to find some food after her long flight. Returning to the room 10-15 minutes later with take-out food, she discovered the contents of her luggage strewn all over the place. A quick check revealed that her passport, work visa and cash had been stolen. Nothing else. Not even a brand new Ipod! The hotel staff showed absolutely no interest at all. They simply claimed it wasn't their responsibility and that she should contact the police.The police are, indeed, now dealing with this situation, and my friend left this dreadful hotel immediately to come and stay with us whilst she awaited a replacement passport.AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS.	
Mar 20 2006	A greatful stay	My stay in this hotel was great. I went with my couple on holidays and we were very happpy. The staff of the hotel were very helpful with us, but one thing was that they didn't make the effort of speaking to me slowler unless they notice to be foreigner. But this is not a problem at all. The room was clean, small but clean. Only one problem the last day, the cleaner cleaned the spoons on the bathroom and put them again inside the cups, like news!! well, it's not good for this kind of hotel...The location of the hotel was perfect, near notting hill, near the tube, a lot of shops near, resaturants...The only seriously problem that I had was that they asked me for a credit card number because it was something broken when I leave. And they return me the money 3 weeks after I came back to Spain and because I went to the travel agency to say that they didn't return me the money. If not, they woudn't return me the money!!The breakfast was not good at all, but it's English breakfast! The coffee was water not coffee!!But, I recomended you to stay here.	
Feb 27 2006	service let's it down	The Queens Park hotel london, having read reviews prior to our trip, we were pleasantly surprised that our room although small was clean and well laid out. The hotel service was however non existent. The lifts were working prior to check in then mysteriously hand written notes appeared stating both were out of order. The stairs are very steep, I was grateful our room was ONLY on the 3rd and not the 5th floor. There appeared to be no visable sign of these being repaired. The complimentary newspaper was unavailable on request as was room service despite being advertised. The breakfast in the foyer looked ok however when we arrived 20 minutes prior to deadline there was an absence of hot drinks and the staff had disappeared. The location of the hotel is superb and to be fair we were hardly in our room at all, it was an annoyance that the service was so poor. I would recommend the bayswater area for excellent bars and restaurants, do check out the indoor shopping centre, great cinema and restaurants on the upper floors. It is a vibrant area and not expensive. As for Queenspark if you are relatively fit and indifferent to the staff give it a go,at a discounted rate only.	
Feb 4 2006	Saved a fortune!	Read all the other moaners- what do you expect for this kind of money?What does the room size matter whilst you sleep? Have a couple of drinks afore bedtime and all will be fine.Yes the lift is tiny and slow, have a laugh - do the same about the bathroom. If you are over picky about sheets and carpets - then pay 10 times more somewhere else and be happy with that.It's a cracking location for access to this part of London, the breakfast is OK, just book one night. Perhaps get a bottle of Champagne with the money you have saved and enjoy the day!	
Jan 25 2006	You get what you pay for	I made the mistake of reading the generally dreadful reviews on this hotel after booking and paying for a room. I wasn't therefore expecting anything except an argument with the hotel about the dozen unacceptable problems that I anticipated. However, for the GBP 37.50 I paid (for a hotel in an excellent London location) for a double room including breakfast, there was precious little to complain about. The room (501) was warm, clean, freshly decorated, reasonably furnished and quite spacious. Ok, the carpets in the public areas were a little threadbare and the lift (one working out of two) was fine only for anorexic midgets but, on the basis of my experience this hotel represents good value for money. Really, you can do very much worse than this for the same money or more.	
Jan 19 2006	We left in disgust after half an hour!	Nothing like Expedia describes it. It looks like the hotel has been abandoned!The alarm bells rang when, upon arrival, the first thing we saw was the list of travel companies numbers on the reception desk. The second was the receptionist - he was wearing a stained waistcoat with buttons missing.The lift made shocking noises so we struggled up several flights of narrow stairs instead, weaving through piles of dirty sheets as the rooms were being serviced (not a washing hamper in sight!).Our tiny room was just about big enough for the double bed. The drawers were full of filth, hair and wot-nots, the wardrobe stank and the walls were smeared with - well - I don't think I want to know!The bed was badly made with no basics like a mattress protector or a bedspread. It had a couple of stained sheets which were just about big enough for a single bed and a scruffy wool blanket. The pillows were stinking and stained, the padded headboard was spotted with mildew.The lights, carpet and curtains were spattered with white paint and the upholstry sported a peppering of cigarette burns and yet more stains.The rroms was on the 2nd/3rd floor yet the window (which opened out from the bottom) had no restrictors so you could open it right up and easily fall out of.The horrors were yet to follow.......We went into the bathroom to find the loo lid and seat up. There, along the rim, was DRIED WEE STAINS!!!!There was limescale caked everywhere. The shower door had crusty deposits of rust, limescale and dirt.I wouldn't have let my cat sleep in that room. It was absolute squallor! Not only was it a health hazard but a safety risk as well.Save your money and pay for something a bit nicer.We've made a complaint to Expedia - don't be a 'put-up-and-shut-up' person like too many others are.	
Jan 11 2006	fair enough	A couple who stayed 2 nights.The room wasn't very big, but we were out most of the time. The heating was very discreet. Otherwise the staff was cheerful and kind. They let us in despite arriving 45 minutes in advance. It's very close to Kensington park and via bus it's only 10 minutes from Oxford street.Got a good bargin at 65 € a night without breakfast.Wouldn't mind going back.	
Dec 11 2005 	oh my god	After reading the awful reviews on here still went with an open mind thinking that you can't please everyone.- we were 2 couples with 2 double rooms but were actually given 1 double and a room with 3 single beds ! myself and husband got the worse deal in the double which was extreemly small with the bed shoved in the corner, dirty,freezing cold, , wet towels in bathroom (before we used them), no plug for sink, wallpaper hanging off walls - need i go on??Had there of actually been a bar in the hotel i would of gladly sat up and drunk all night just so that i didn't have to go back to my room !!!not sure where any of the photos on their website were took - prehaps in another hotel as it wasnt this one !I would not reccomend this hotel to my worse enemy !!!!	
Dec 5 2005 	Don't believe the hotel attractions	Only staff try to help. Hotel!! I can't give any star.No looby, no bar... If you stay single they give really a single bed and room, not possible to move.Please think 2 times.	
Nov 20 2005	Nightmare! Dont Do It!	So I'm the traveller who looks for hotel bargain on the net. I booked this hotel online, and then checked this site for reviews. I soon realized that I had made a disasterous mistake and that I should cancel my reservation. Out of sheer stupidity, I figured I would give it chance anyways...How bad could it be? I walked into the hotel up to the desk. The lady behind the counter was very hesitant about my reservation &quot;Oh, um, yes. Ahem. Your name again please&quot; I became very suspicious. After waiting 30 minutes at the desk, she pre-authorized my visa for any damages that might be caused to the room. Then 2 minutes later, a man behind the desk told me that my reservation was cancelled because, &quot;some of the rooms were flooded&quot;. What a nightmare. Pretty sure that this hotel would function better if it was operated by a penguin. All of the tripadvisor comments that I previously wanted to ignore were immediately validated. I think that there was smoke coming from my ears. They deleted my pre-authorization from the visa - upon my request. They initially just wrote 'cancelled' on my first slip in blue pen - how the heck does that cancel it?!? They said that we were being re-directed to a nice little hotel a few blocks away and that they would pay for the taxi. Nice enough. But I was still angry.Re-directed to the bayswater hotel - HORRIBLE. The rude french lady at the reception desk stuck us in 1 of the 2 rooms they had in the basement. The basement. Perfect. My room was right next to the boiler room. All night there was an extremely loud, rapid, &quot;thud thud thud&quot;, going at least 120 beats per minute. I asked the lady to come down and listen to the noise and asked if my room could be changed. She told me no, as all of their rooms were booked. All of them? On a Wednesday night? Bull. In the morning, the manager refused to speak with me and the french lady told me to take it up with the Queens Park Hotel. Moral of the Story: pay a few extra pounds and STAY AT THE HILTON	
Nov 4 2005	Avoid this place!	I had made my reservations very early and also paid my 3 nights stay at this hotel. AFTER signing in I was informed that hotel was fully booked and we were relocated to another hotel 2 kms away. This other hotel, Guest House, was the worst place I have ever been. For two mornings we had to go to Queens park for brekfast. Later I noticed that customers who hadn't paid in advance got rooms from Queens Park with no problems. All few quests I met at the other hotel were pre-paying customers originally from Queens Park Hotel.Ok, for the last night we were able to move in to the original hotel but it really wasn't worth the while since the room was so small and dirty that we coudn't stay there at all.Manager who obviosly had had complaints like this lots before refused to give any compensation for the relocation and all the trouble.Really a holiday spoiler. Only for people who are seeking for extreme experiencies.	
Oct 19 2005	nightmare hotel	dreadfull,pensioner group lifts broken,no bar no restaurant,dirty shoddy room,not at all how it is described	
Oct 5 2005	Hotel from Hell	After walking through the peeling front door into the foyer that smelt like an ash tray, I was asked for my credit card number in case I damaged the room! After declining to give this and sorting out our booking which they had got all wrong, we dragged the cases into the mini lift which was soon to join it's twin in being 'out of order'.The room was a filthy cupboard with a put me up type bed pushed up against a peeling wall. Lumpy pillows and a dirty bed cover disguised a mattress with springs pushing out. Holes in the curtains and threadbare towels completed this bijou little room.The television was near the ceiling and impossible to watch unless you lay flat out on the bed with your back against the wall.The bathroom was tiny but clean. The shower was simply a mixer tap which ran between scalding and ice cold and was far too dangerous to use. Please take care with this one especially anyone with chidren.Breakfast was awful and don't be tempted by the fruit juice which is cordial. The English breakfast made me ashamed to be English and Lord knows what overseas visitors made of it. The continental one was totally uninspiring and you would have thought that they could have heated the rolls properly.This hotel is to be avoided at all cost. I have never fortunately had to live in a hostel for the homeless but his hotel could have been one.Only good point was it's position and just around the corner is the best Chinese restaurant in London ----------The Royal China.	
Sep 27 2005	Queen should not be in the name of this hotel. There's nothin royal about it	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights and i have to say that everything that has been said about this hotel on this website is very TRUE. I will definitively not recommend for someone to stay at this hotel if the purpose of the trip is to spend time in the room and visit sites. It is purely for the traveler looking for a place to sleep and shower. additionally, three nights should be the max..the wall paper, carpet and the bed are not worth seeing more than three nights!! ... and oh yes, the bath is so small that i could sit down on the toilet and fully brush my teeth at the same!I give this dump two stars because of the great location with easy access to the Bayswater (circle line) tube station and vibrant neighborhood...	
Aug 1 2005	Stay here if you like bedbugs!!!	Stayed a week ago and was so pleased that my room had visitors. I had awaken around 3 in the morning because something bit me. I looked on my bed and noticed that it was FILLED with bedbugs. What made the experience all the more pleasant was the management did nothing to help. The evening night manager seemed to be bothered because I woke him up, and the general manager was continually at meetings (very convenient). I would recommend you stay here if you standard for a good vacation spot is a cardboard box placed in a small alley next to a dirty river in India. But if you expect clean sheets, helpful staff, and no bugs I would take liberty in saying you should stay somewhere else.	
Jul 23 2005	Fanatastic value in London	Perhaps we got a very good deal (on activehotels) at 45 pounds a night for a single B&amp;B, but it would even be worth more. This is definitely the best budget hotel I have stayed in in London.The rooms we had (3 singles) were all refurbished, clean and comfortable with little extras you do not expect at this price - trouser press, hairdryer, shampos and shower-caps. Very friendly staff and a large reception quite different from the ones normally found at budget hotels. Breakfast was a bit slow and too many people for the little restaurant - otherwise everything was just fine	
Jul 1 2005	Great stay at the Queens Park Hotel	Had a very pleasant surprise when arriving at the Queens Park Hotel. Having booked, what I thought was, a budget hotel and having spent the past ten years in different but always dingy hostels the Queens park appeared to be the Hilton.Room was fine, apart from the horriple purple painted walls .-). Nice and clean. Bathroom in top condition. Good beds. Excellent full English breakfast. Tiny elevators - and sloooow. Don't come here if you are a big person or bring a lot of luggage.Friendly staff. We paid only £ 180 for a triple bed room for 3 nights. A bargain.	
May 9 2005	The Worst Ever	The bathroom was so small you could sit on the toilet, brush your teeth, and wash your feet in the tub at the same time. Come to think of it, you could actually sit there and take a shower at the same time since there was no shower curtain and the entire room got a soaking.There was no where to open a suitcase unless you wanted to walk on it to get into the bed. Bed...so hard and lumpy we couldn't even relax. And the loud partying from a downstairs nightclub made sleep impossible. Yikes, I could go on, about the elevator that could only hold one suitcase, without a passenger.	
Apr 28 2005	Pick Another Hotel	My fiancee and I stayed at this hotel and I'd have to say, its the worst hotel I've ever been in. 1st off, the rooms are small. When I say small, I mean 100 sq.ft. if you are lucky. Then throw in a bed (might as well be a block of wood), the dresser, your luggage, and soon after you check in, you'll be looking for a new hotel. Just trust myself and many others, do not waste your money or time or ruin a good vacation with a crappy room from this hotel. Ohh yeah, did I mention the elevator that is only big enough for 1 person (2 if your super skinny) at one time? But if you do decide to not heed this warning, just print out my review and take it with you. Put it in the section of your travel-book titled (London Hotels). I want to make sure you read my review when you go looking for a new hotel. Not to make the review all negative, I will say at least the hotel is only a short walk from a Tube Stop.	
Apr 20 2005	Disgusted	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Room very small and dirty. Bathroom likewise, had to close door to be able to turn roound. Bed and bedding very poor, matress very old with protruding springs . &quot;Continental Breakfast was appallling. We were met by surly staff, cornflakes or crispies, rolls or cold croissants and tinned fruit. No cheese meat eggs or toast.Luckily we were only staying one night, as an Englishman I felt like apologising to the overseas guests. Rack rate £150 per night, how can they justify this. I was lucky, I booked through laterooms so &quot;only&quot; paid £50.	
Mar 23 2005	A good place to stay	For a budget hotel,this is great value. The single rooms are small but that's OK. All clean and compact.Breakfast was super in comparison to some other budget hotels that I have stayed in.When I return to London I will definitely stay here again.J.WADELTON, MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA	
Mar 6 2005	do not go to this hotel	on booking this hotel through expedia we thought we were getting a quality hotel. first impressions were good with nice marble floor. only then it turned into anightmare. no bar. no facilities. rude staff. small shabby room with broken tv. dirty laundry and bed clothes. bird muck on the windows. noisy cleaning staff outside room all day and night. no room service. no breakfast even though we paid for it. small lift which hardly worked. absolute nightmare. when we left hotel we went to see the manager with our complaints who conveniently was in a 'meeting'. totally ruined our stay in london...so if your going to stay in bayswater go somewhere else...not this hell pit...	
Jan 20 2005	Don't believe everything you read!!!	I stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for one night (18th January 2005) and can honestly say that some of the reviews on this website are unjust, although the allocation of room type may have a bearing on the reviews here.Our room (316) was a twin on the third floor, very clean and not as small as some rooms I have stayed in previously. At night the room was a little too warm, we had the window open all night and the noise wasn’t as bad as expected. There was a strange incident when some kind of alarm sounded at exactly 3.05am, it had previously been heard at 3.05 in the afternoon, we assumed at that point that it was a fire alarm test as it wasn’t continuous… strange having it in the middle of the night though!Staff were friendly and courteous, no problems at all, checkin/out was swift and professional!Breakfast was basic, a choice of two types of cereal, small croissants, a crusty bread roll, butter, preserves, tea, coffee, and juices… just enough to get you ready for a nice big lunch in the city!Yes, the lift is small, so what? Take the stairs if you are able!Can’t fault the location one bit, two underground stations nearby (Queensway and Bayswater), we used Queensway, which conveniently had a nice little bar/pub between the hotel and station!The advertised room rates in the reception area are admittedly over-inflated, we paid £45 for our room via laterooms, if we had paid the ‘full’ price of £150 we would have been very disappointed.If you want luxury, you have to pay for it, if you want a bargain hotel for a night or two then the Queens Park Hotel is adequate enough!	
Dec 29 2004	Never go back to the Queens Park Hotel	Well, there was plenty of hot water. Thats the compliments over.Anyone who paid the advertised full rate for this hotel would feel well and truly shafted ! We had three rooms. In one the kettle did not work, in another the kettle would not turn off (had to unplug it). In two the radiators would not turn off/down (I mentioned this when we checked out and was met with complete indifference).All three rooms were 'grotty', wallpaper peeling, damp spots and chipped paint. The double room on the ground floor had a mouse poison box in the corner. And to cap it all my room had bed bugs (yes, thats right, bed bugs). I'm not averse to roughing it, but when I pay hotel room prices I expect better than this.	
Dec 28 2004	Worked Out Just Fine	We stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for six nights during Thanksgiving week 2004 and it was just fine. Travelers need to keep in mind that it is a Victorian building, not a modern American hotel. Rooms are small, but we were only there to sleep. The price with our package was excellent. I was very willing to put up with a few possible tears in the rug for the price. The staff was very polite and helpful. The place was clean and in an EXCELLENT location. It's less than a block from two Tube stations and Hyde Park. It's also two blocks from Queensway, a street loaded with delicious ethnic restaurants, (try the shwarma at the Lebonese place and Mr. Wu's Chinese buffet), an ATM, and a small grocery store. Worked out well for us. Hint: rooms in the back are quiet, with no street noise. Try it. It's fine.	
Oct 28 2004	a slamming good time	I can't fault the staff of the Queens Park, really. They're all quite friendly and helpful, and the room I have had (the same one for the past two years) was clean and adequate enough. It's the guests who ruin it for me. They should be intelligent enough to realise that a creaky Victorian building with thin walls, narrow hallways, and a hollow wooden infrastructure can carry sound quite smashingly. I stayed six nights here, and I can honestly say that EVERY SINGLE NIGHT there was a plethora of the loudest, most inconsiderate travellers the likes of which I haven't even seen at the most modest of US motels. The running, loud talking and yelling in the hallways, and the best part - the incessant SLAMMING of doors - all at any hour of the day or night - was enough to give me stress. Some visitors even went out of their way to slam and re-slam their door three, four, five times in a row as if some obsessive-compulsive disorder compelled them to really ensure that door was SHUT. Between the slamming and stomping, I felt like I was five years old again, listening to my parents fight. Needless to say, stomach was in a constant state of anxiety. I can understand children behaving this way, but these were people of all ages, and when it WAS children, I never heard the parents have the decency to quiet them once. Because I was raised a bit differently, I tried to extend a bit of courtesy to my fellow travellers by tiptoeing through the halls and quietly shutting hall doors. By the fifth night however, I'd given up caring and resorted to the same buffoonery, not that any of the fools noticed. I still rather like the Queens Park, but next time I'm tempted to try a more soundproofed locale.	
Oct 4 2004	....as if the nightly room rate wasnt horrid enough!!!	....the room was extremely tiny and we asked to use a fan to circulate some air. They requested 5 pounds per night to use a fan! The bed appeared to an oversized twin and we felt like we were sleeping inside a hostess box. The location of the hotel was nice; close to the Tube and Hyde Park.Breakfast was horrible. Next time we will research longer for a bit better bargain for our many pounds spent there.	
Oct 2 2004	Queens Park limitations	The location is good, the pictures of the hotel interior in the advertising info were taken some time ago when the hotel was newly refurbished. The rooms are very cramped and decidedly tatty and quite dirty, many of the facilities don't work. We gave up- no TV working, lightbulbs missing, leaks and cracks in the bathroom. The carpets are worn through and repaired with silver duct tape. The bedding is clean and the beds quite comfortable. The breakfasts were good. For the most part the staff were helpful, efficient and pleasant. Once it is refurbished again, I am sure it will be good, but for now, don't expect too much.Its OK if all you want is somewhere to sleep, you are out all the time and you are not too fussy about a bit (lot) of dust. You wouldn't want to spend much time in the rooms.	
Sep 28 2004	Good Location- Very basic Room	Dispite the warnings from this website, we stayed here three nights in July, 2004. We have stayed in other London hotels like this (converted Victorians) some 20 years ago, so were not surprised at the tiny elevator (lift) or small rooms. However, back in the 80's the rooms, at between 5 and 10 pounds sterling, per person, came with a full Brittish breakfast that would last you until dinner. Queen's Park breakfast was coffee, rolls, jam and a couple of choices of cereal. For $15 US you could upgrade to a Brittish breakfast, but even it was scanty compared with what used to be offered. Our room seemed clean and we were not aware of a lot of noise. Maybe we are sound sleepers.A big, big plus, however, was the location. It was a half hour walk to almost anywhere in London. Loved being just minutes from Hyde Park, and Baywater area was delightful. Good shopping and lots of interesting ethnic restaurants.I don't know if I would recommend the hotel or not.It certainly is not luxurious or equivalent to even the most basic US type accomodations. But this is LONDON! I think I would, to more adventurous friends who like a good bargain. We booked on Skyauction, and paid less than $100 US per night.	
Sep 13 2004	Unacceptable Room	This hotel was advertised as a 3-star by hotels.com. The room we got was below a 2-star. They gave us a dirty basement room with soiled bed covers and dingy interior, even when there were other rooms available. When questioned about the room and how it was not as advertised (in website photos) response was &quot;Only the best room is shown on the website.&quot; After much pressure, they gave us a better room, which was adequate at best. We will never stay here again.	
Jul 22 2004	Not so great	I don't consider myself a picky person, but this place left a lot to be desired. My husband and I stayed here for only the first night we arrived in London. Maybe we were cranky from the jet lag, but here are the complaints: staff not accomodating or helpful. When we checked out the next morning at 5:30 am, we at first thought there was no one working at the alleged 24-hour desk, but my husband found someone asleep on the couch in the lounge-turns out that was the person we had to wake up to check us out. Elevator-I thought the previous reviewers were exaggerating, but the elevator is ridiculous. The two of us (physically fit young people) had one carry on each- and only one of us could fit on the elevator. When we took the stairs, they ended at the first floor, but our room was on the second. Nothing was marked, we had no idea how to continue going upstairs. So, we actually had to start trying doors to find where the second set of stairs were. Room-Smelled so musty I felt sick to my stomach. Nice view from the window of the creaky fire excape. No matress pad-sheets directly on old funky mattress. Room was microscopic but typical of London sizes I guess. Redeeming qualities: Bathroom was small, but very clean and new. Very near a Big Bus Tour drop off/pick up point. Very near a tube station. Safe area of town. Hyde Park within view of the front door. Overall, I can't say I reccomend this place to even the most budget-minded people.	
Jun 20 2004	ok for people on a budget	I stayed here for a week whilst working in London. I was pleased to find a hotel for £50/night for a double room including breakfast which was apparently 1/3 of the normal cost of £140/night (through laterooms.com). The room was extremely small. It had tea/coffee facilites. Continental breakfast consisted of croissants, jam &amp; a choice of 2 cereals. Hot food was extra cost.On the plus point, the location is fantastic. Not bad for people on a budget. I had no problem with noise &amp; the place was clean &amp; rooms daily serviced.	
Jun 4 2004	Never EVER again. EVER. (Did I say ever?)	We stayed at the Queens Park in London at the end of May 2004. The good: great location (the Bayswater area is really fun, with lots of ethnic restaurants and convenient access to two good Tube lines; laundry and drug stores right down the street, easy access to Hyde Park). The bad: This is the most noisy, least soundproofed hotel I have EVER stayed at. Generally my husband and I love a good deal, and we don't mind roughing it a bit (I mean, in London, you just need basic accomodations - most of your time is spent sightseeing). HOWEVER, this hotel was God-awful. The floors creaked like they were about to fall through with the tiniest of steps; the walls were paper thin (we heard EVERY traveller coming home, especially the drunk ones late at night - our third night there I burst into tears because I could not fall asleep due to the noise - we would have changed hotels if we didn't want to spend our valuable sightseeing time doing it); smoking is allowed in the lobby and elevators, so the place always stunk; at the breakfast was meager at best. The rooms were OK; a little small, but hey, nowhere near as small as a cruise ship; the bathroom was cramped but had the essentials; the TV got 3 channels. But again, I would NEVER go back here or recommend it to anyone because of the sheer noise level! HORRIBLE!!!!! I recommend instead staying on Glouster Road - we passed a very nice Mariott and a Holiday Inn there. No more local European hotels for me (local apparently means a creaky old Victorian house).	
May 21 2004	Very disappointed	My advice to anyone considering staying at this hotel is Don't stay there in the summer months. Fortunately we only stayed for one night. The weather had been good &amp; the temperature was in the 70s which made the hotel feel like a suana! The rooms were absolutely stifling. There is no air conditioning &amp; not even a fan in the room. The lifts to the upper floors are the tiniest I've ever seen, the corridors are so narrow that we struggled to carry our bags without bashing into the wall. The carpets throughout the hotel are worn, especially on the stairs. The first room we were offered was on the first floor and was tiny &amp; dark with a bathroom that was in desperate need of refurbishment. We declined this room &amp; were offered a room on the fifth floor. This was only marginly better but at least it was light. The room was so small that the tiny double bed was pushed up against the wall. The window hinges were broken on the top window making it impossible to close. The bathroom was just about big enough but at least the shower worked.The hotel looked quite good on the internet but sadly failed to live up to expectation. Basically the rooms are extremely tiny &amp; the hotel would seriously benefit from the installation of air conditioning. We won't be staying there again!	
May 13 2004	Excellent value for money!!!!	Great hotel for £33 per night including continental breakfastDid not expect the Ritz hotel facilities when paying for budget hotelVery friendly helpful staff, spotlessly clean room, room adequate size for me, as left hotel in the morning to return at night then out againExcellent value for money!!!	
Apr 28 2004	Nice small hotel	We stayed at Queens Park Hotel for 5 nights at Easter, we got one of the mezzanine rooms, rooms are small (3X3 meters), be aware that double bed was 190x125cm!!!, location is not at the center but central line underground is just 3 minuts walking from the hotel, and For those who love jogging Hyde Park is just 1 minute. Continental breakfast is just to survive... We would return there..hotel is clean and for that price is the best that you can get in London. ah!! the lift is the smaller I've ever seen in my life 	
Mar 31 2004	Central location		
Mar 23 2004	Decent hotel		
Feb 27 2004	VERY GOOD!		
Feb 26 2004	loved it!		
Feb 22 2004	Very disappointed		
Feb 10 2004	a little sordid		
Jan 7 2004	DISAPPOINTED (AGAIN!)		
Nov 18 2003	Very Disappointed with Queens Park		
Oct 27 2003	A good word for Queens Park		
Aug 19 2003	Wouldn't stay here again		
Nov 22 2009 	aceptable		
Nov 7 2009 	Consigliatissimo!		
Nov 2 2009 	Tout juste ok pour un très court séjour		
Oct 11 2009	Durchaus in Ordnugn		
Oct 10 2009 	Déçue mais pas cher!		
Oct 1 2009 	Alarmas nocturnas		
Sep 17 2009 	Reformado y recomendable		
Sep 4 2009 	1. Nacht im Keller...		
Sep 1 2009 	Bien situé		
Aug 12 2009 	Wirklich nicht so schlecht		
Aug 10 2009 	Ottimo per un breve soggiorno		
Jul 9 2009 	Na ja		
Jun 21 2009 	pessimo hotel!!!		
May 12 2009 	Tolle Lage toller Preis		
May 2 2009 	La habitacion no era para un hotel y encima pequeña		
Apr 2 2009 	Pas si catastophique que çà !!!		
Mar 12 2009 	buena ubicacion y precio		
Mar 10 2009	Für den Preis voll in Ordnung		
Mar 6 2009	wir kommen wieder		
Mar 3 2009 	ok per pochi giorni		
Feb 4 2009 	Si vous avez peur de l'hotel lisez mon avis !!		
Nov 30 2008 	Pura fachada		
Oct 10 2008 	Für londoner Verhältnisse angenehm überrascht!!		
Sep 1 2008 	Buona base per visitare Londra		
Aug 4 2008 	Nur als Notlager für 1 Nacht geeignet		
Jul 22 2008 	Sordide !		
Jun 11 2008 	Rien à voir avec la publicité!		
May 24 2008 	Das kleinste Einzelzimmer der Welt		
May 19 2008 	Nie wieder!!		
May 4 2008 	Plutôt moyen		
Jan 4 2008 	Niente di speciale		
Oct 14 2007 	Nie wieder!!! Schrecklich klein laut!		
Aug 18 2007 	Room B110		
Jul 21 2007 	Una stanza nuovissima: la 501		
