	Rude unhelpful staff mastering only basic English	Second time in short while at this hotel. Won't be coming back!As stated by others, you'd be hard pressed to find a better location. Also, rooms are clean but tiny. Tiny is OK if that's what you expect, so I have no complaints there.On both occasions however, the staff have been less than helpful. This is accentuated by the fact that they simply do not know much English. Their Eastern European accents clearly shines through, but that had not been a problem if their English stretched beyond a basic vocabulary. Sadly, it doesn't.This makes conversation difficult, and opens for misunderstandings galore. Also, they never offer the extras they're supposed to for IPrefer members (even after asking). So don't bother trying to explain what you expect if you've been promised things on booking, because they 1) do not understand and 2) seem to simply not care anyway.	
	mixed feelings	The hotel location makes up for several inconveniences!They put me in a 'spare' room the first 2 nights: just a small washing table, bed in the corner of the room and only a shower designed for disabled persons. Also very bad smell coming out of the airco. Then I finally got a better room: spacy but a bit noisy. The tv set is so small that you need binoculars to watch tv. The breakfast was very disappointing and the breakfast staff very unprofessional. Wifi is only available at extra cost, which I found strange in an expensive hotel like this. But as I said: it's located very close to the shopping streets and the Bond Street Underground station which makes up for the disappointments.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great hotel with some "wine amateurs"	This is a great hotel with great location and nice European international staff.The restaurant is also very good with Italian touches and the lunch prices is a true bargain? But stay away from the breakfast: the price is outrageous, more than the lunch's and many otherwise normal items for a 4-star hotel are extra-charged on top. Better go out where you'll find some very nice cafés with nice breakfasts offered at quarter a price.Another little surprise: some of the hotel staff is a true wine amateur. We left in the room a pretty full bottle of great Australian wine we counted on for the next evening. To our big surprised it was almost empty when we returned in the room.Otherwise a good place to stay.	
Nov 18 2009 	Lovely hotel	Just returned from London. We stayed at Mandeville hotel which was suggested to us by a friend. I checked it out on the internet but did not expect much out of it because it usually looks different from a close up. I was surprised to find the exact picture on arrival and even better at some points. Ok, the rooms are small but I knew it before hand and did not mind it. After all, you are in the heart of London, you can't expect to find spacious rooms unless you are willing to pay good money for them. Everything was clean and modern, fluffy new towels, good decor and good service. The concierges (Ian and Madi) made our stay better being always at our service with a smile and a positive attitude towards all our requests. Would go there again	
Nov 17 2009 	A lovely boutique hotel	The website pictures are a true reflection of the hotel. It was lovely and clean, smart and not delapidated in anyway. the staff were friendly. Breakfast, though continenta,l had an excellent choice.Situated well for shopping, theatres, restaurants etc. Small minor point, there is no tea of coffee facilities in room. My other half not too happy about this. Room service supplied at £3.50. Was not the expense just the inconvenience.	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent Boutique Hotel	London has many so-called 4 star hotels. London is one of the most overpriced cities in Europe where you can pay a lot for a nasty experience. But unlike many capital cities even the chain hotels here are often very variable in quality and certainly price. So it’s a delight to come across a hotel that is substantially different from the norm, The Mandeville. OK, so I got a very good rate of £150 including VAT and service through Laterooms.com. The Mandeville’s location is good. Just a hop skip and jump from the Bond Street end of Jermyn Street in the heart of London’s West End - a good 10 mins walk from Oxford Circus tube station. However, what sets this hotel apart from the mainstream is its theatrical decor with a modern twist and the great standard of service that everyone from the doorman to the reception clerks deliver. This is a hotel that treats you as a name rather than a number. Even the telephone operator greeted me by name! The staff are uniformly friendly and unlike most London hotels seem genuinely so. The room I had was great. It was certainly compact, but nicely and freshly decorated and furnished with a comfy bed, desk and a well lit bathroom with a ‘shortish’, but perfectly adequate bath (I’m 6ft 1in) and an excellent shower. Full English breakfast is a steep at £22 (but this is London), but it is freshly prepared to order as every breakfast should be. Fresh orange juice, yogurts, fruit salad and tasty pastries complete the picture. Altogether an excellent one night’s stay. I would have no hesitation in recommending The Mandeville to friends and business colleagues as THE place to stay in London.	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice hotel	Close to Oxford street, restaurants, Bond street tube, Mark&amp;Spenser , Selfridges etc	
Nov 10 2009 	Disappointing	For location only, it's sufficient. If you're a tall person, you'll scrape your head on the entryways to tiny elevators. firedoors, bathrooms. Very claustrophobic hallways and guest rooms. Superior room (one queen sized bed) is only 10 feet wide. Cannot view very small lcd tv from bed unless you have superhuman eyesight. Bathroom door is clouded glass but completely compromises privacy. No drawers to unpack your belongings but closet has a few small shelves. Staff (except doormen) speak English as a second language usually. Not particularly friendly either, but the doormen are wonderful (especially Richard). Some concierge attendants are accomodating. Just found the main desk staff aloof. No coffee/tea maker in room, no clock/radio, no ice bucket or drink/snack machines. Minibar is for super-wealthy only, so don't open it!Positives: Bed comfortable, room and bath clean, towels good and soaps good. 2 blocks from Bond Street tube station. Lots of cafes nearby for breakfast. Skip room service as the prices are prohibitive. If you're a small person with alot of money, this hotel might suit you. Lovely Victorian facade hides ultra-modern and chilly interiors.	
Nov 5 2009 	Appauling service - Unbelievable noise levels	I have stayed at the Mandeville many times....never again. For the first time I checked into one the ( tiny) basic rooms. Despite having problems fitting in their tiny bath (and I am not that tall) I had a reasonable sleep. I had checked into the hotel to conduct business from my room in the morning. This proved impossible. From 9.30am the noise of very loud shouting (often with strong language) emerged in the corridor. This was followed by 3 hours of loud banging and drilling and more shouting. The hotel had started building works. I called down to reception on 3 occasions to be told that the works in the hotel took priority and I shouldn’t be conducting business in the room but in their meeting rooms (which were fully booked). As I could not continue my booked conference call, the morning was wasted. In addition to the appalling noise and rudeness from reception I attempted to leave the room and found both lifts were occupied by maintenance men who deliberately occupied the lifts for 15 mins. I called reception on my mobile to explain I was unable to walk down the stairs as my luggage was too heavy. I was told they would make sure a lift became free. The same workmen rode up and down in the lift without a pause. As a result of this 15 minutes of kidnapping, I missed my train connection. On checking out I complained to be met with a very bland response from the hotel telling me they couldnt do the works after check out as they wouldnt get the work done in time.Upon writing to the hotel I have received an run of the mill apology that does nothing to compensate for the loss of business , time , stress and aggravationSo Mandeville why not compensate your guests who's stay was severely dissrupted. All other hotels in London in this price range offer a much better service and attitute. Previous comments about the rude staff and lack of attention to customer care are spot on. I will never stay there again and will go back to paying that little bit extra for a much better quality of stay in other hotels. Goodbye Mandeville	
Nov 2 2009 	Gorgeous hotel great staff can't complain!	Me and my partner stayed in a deluxe room for one night and had such a lovely experience. Door staff were helpful and friendly, and check in was very smooth. One thing to bear in mind is that they give you two rooms keys, and one has to be put in an electricity meter type thing next to the door, which they didn't tell us downstairs, so we were walking around in the dark for about 5 minutes trying to find switches etc! Hotel decor was as expected; gorgeous, ambient lighting and everything was clean and new looking. Went to the bar that evening and had a champagne cocktail, my partner asked the barman for something creamy and he whipped one up from off the menu, which was seriously the best cocktail i've ever had! The whole experience was luxurious but friendly at the same time. My one tip is to book this hotel from somewhere like myboutiquehotels because the prices on the hotel website are so expensive.	
Oct 26 2009 	OK but nothing special	I managed to book a queen size room for a Friday night for myself and my husband. I only chose this hotel because of the reviews but to be honest I was quite mistaken. The hotel was clean and in a good location but the room was very small, no slippers or dressing gown and no tea and coffee facilities. I ordered a pot of tea for two from the room and it cost £10. We left our luggage with the concierge whilst we checked out and spend the day in London and when we went back to collect they had lost my brand new coat! You do not expect this service from a London 4 star hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	Very good overall impression	When traveling to London not on business I usually stay around Marylebone area as it is very central but not hectic. I have stayed in a number of hotels around here and can say that at 150 pounds internet rate this is a great option. Some one can probably say that &quot;rooms could be bigger&quot;, we had a standard double room and all the room you have is a bathroom plus meter and a half around the bed. I have stayed previously at Durant's that's just around the corner and had a much much bigger room for something like 200 pounds but at Durant's everything shows that no investment was done for a few years and I prefer staying at Mandeville. Staff was very helpful and manager to answer all my questions. It was not my first time in London so they were not obvious like &quot;how do I find bond street&quot; and required some expertise. I did not eat at the hotel so can not evaluate the food. Eating outside is a part of experiencing the city and the area around the hotel presents a lot of opportunities. Check out The Providores when you are there. A bit pricy (20-25 pounds for a big breakfast) but really really great place. Our room was very quiet unlike for example at Radisson on Oxford street (that is a bit less expensive and pretty much the same in terms of room quality). Considering that the windows were to the main street and we were on the second (or first as they say in England) floor I can assume all rooms should be quiet. Two things bothered me- very soft water. You know when you shower and the water doesn't wash away the soap? Theoretically should be the same in all hotels in the neighborhood but I do not recall having this issue before. - rather slow elevator As you can see I'm quite satisfied with the experience since I had to go into such details to find issues. When considering my review please remember that I do not usually use such hotel ammenities as fitness center, parking, room servie, etc, so can not say anything about them.I think I will stick to this hotel as my key choice in London.	
Oct 13 2009 	Incredibly helpful staff adorable hotel.	The location cannot be beat for the Mandeville. It is two blocks from the Bond Street tube station on Oxford Street. There is a great variety of restaurants around the hotel - two favorites are the Pontefract Castle pub and Woodlands Indian Vegetarian Cuisine. The staff at the Mandeville could not be more helpful. From Carlos and the others who staff the concierge desk to the pleasant and efficient restaurant staff waiting for us for breakfast every morning, this hotel makes sure your stay is perfect.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent location service and style	Stayed for 4 nights - very clean and well appointed room - location excellent on the oxford street end of Marylebone High Street approx. 2 mins from bond street and similar distance to selfridges. All staff were polite, helpful and very efficient...(shirt pressed in 15mins as requested, room service very prompt etc.) Had lunch with clients in restaurant which was very good and discreet..didn't manage to spend time in the bar or tea room but hopefully next time. Decor and style of the hotel are exceptional and without doubt a 'unique' hotel.	
Oct 4 2009 	Fantastic location excellent staff very comfortable rooms	My wife and I stayed at the Mandeville for our 1 week vacation to London. The hotel staff was fantastic, the rooms were comfortable and nice, and the location was great.LOCATION:The location of this hotel is awesome. It is in a neighborhood filled with cafes, restaurants, and boutique shops. We found it to be a very multicultural area, with Italian, French, Turkish, Thai, Spanish, Indian, and Chinese restaurants all within a few minutes walk of the Hotel. Of course, there are also several traditional English Pubs as well as an American &quot;Grill&quot; just a block or so away (See Restaurant Tips below). The weather was great when we were there so people were sitting outside at tables that lined the sidewalks. It was a great atmosphere and fun people watching. Oxford street is just a couple of blocks away and is filled with more stores and shops than you can ever need. Additionally, there is a good Antique market about a 10 minute walk from the hotel with all kinds of goodies.Since we came to London to visit sites, see plays, and experience the culture, we wanted to be somewhere convenient to tourist type attractions. There were no major sites close to The Mandeville that we walked to, however just about a 5 minute walk from the hotel is the Bond Street tube station which we used to visit all the sites we wanted to see in London (Central and Jubilee Lines for those of you who want to look at the Tube map online). Most sites were just one to three stops away and I recommend getting a pay as you go Oyster Card if you are going to be in town for more than a few days for a pleasure trip. I'm very glad that we selected the Mandeville because the other hotels that we considered near major sites lacked the variety of cafes and restaurants that we had by the Mandeville. It was nice at the end of our day to have a vibrant neighborhood to stroll through with several quaint places to stop at for a drink, coffee, or desert.HOTEL:We had a Deluxe room on the 2nd floor (which is actually the third floor for us Americans as the lobby is the Ground floor, then rooms start on the 1st floor, etc.). The room was not huge but was very spacious for European standards. There was plenty of closet space, an in room safe, desk area, and a good size bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and even though we were facing the street, it was relatively quiet at night and we had no problem sleeping (windows were double paned). The only complaint about the room was the carpets were a bit worn and in need of a good steam cleaning.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Ian the concierge gave us several great lunch and dinner restaurant recommendations based on the area of town we would be in and did a great job at balancing cost vs. quality. We were always greeted when coming and going by the friendly doormen and porters. When requesting extra towels or soap, someone was knocking on our door within minutes.Internet access in the room is offered but is very expensive (around £12 a day I believe). However, it is offered for free in the lobby and bar area which was fine after I got over my initial disappointment of the cost for in room service. It turned out that I did not need to access the internet as much as I expected and it was very comfortable using the free WiFi in the lobby. If you are travelling for business and can expense it, then just go for the in room service.The Bar at the hotel is very nice and hip although be prepared to pay for those drinks as they are not cheap. We enjoyed drinks as well as some late night snacks at the bar on more than one occasion, including a Saturday night. The bar was never packed or over crowded but there was always a small but good crowd there.The Restaurant was nicely appointed however with so many good choices in the neighborhood we never ate dinner there. We did have our first breakfast there but I would not recommend it unless it is included in your room rate. While the food was fresh and good, for the price (around £18 for a continental breakfast and £22 for a full English breakfast) there a dozen or so alternatives just a short walk away. We enjoyed James Rotisserie and Café which is just out the front door and 1 ½ blocks to the left. For £5 you can get a full English breakfast with Organic eggs, Sausage, Bacon, mushrooms, tomato, and toast. My wife loved the fresh fruit salad and Café Mochas. Typically breakfast and coffee for the two of us outside of the hotel was less than £18, which was the price for just one continental breakfast at the hotel.A couple of other Restaurants just a 2 – 5 min walk from the hotel that we tried:Sofras – Excellent Mediterranean tapas type restaurant. Prices were very reasonable and they had plenty to choose from.Café Caprese – French inspired crepe café serving both lunch, dinner and desert. I had the ham and cheese crepe for lunch one day while my wife enjoyed a spinach, egg, and cheese crepe. On a separate occasion we shared a desert crepe filled with Nutella and Bananas, topped with vanilla ice cream. All were excellent.We also ate at an Italian pizza place as well as a Spanish tapas restaurant in the same area, but I don’t remember their names. Both however were very good.Lastly, there is a little “convenience” store just a block to the left out the front door of the hotel that sells bottled water, magazines, liquor, cigarettes, snacks, etc if you want to stock up and save money vs using the mini bar in the room.Overall a great experience, we would definitely return.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent value 	Room was very nice - comfortable, if not generous, size; luxury amenities such as heated mirror and towel rack; spotless maintenance and housekeeping; good mechanicals (quiet AC, fast hot water, etc). My only complaints would be that the desk chair is too low for typing, the towels were quite scratchy, and the elevators a little slow. Great location, very central, easy access to the underground, lots of nearby restaurants and shopping. The best news was the price - I paid 120 pounds per night (less than $200) and in London that's a bargain. I'd stay here again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Good choice	First time to London. Was shocked at how expensive hotels there were, so I felt pleased with the $220 rate I got here. I knew that nothing was included in that rate (other than the room), so I wasn't surprised at lack of coffee/tea or the small size of the rooms. Very nicely decorated, great concierge staff and cleaning staff (front desk staff left a little to be desired), and great location. Overall, would recommend!	
Sep 16 2009 	very expensive hidden charges watch out.	we stayed in this hotel from the 9th to the 15th september at reception we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to adeluxe room as we had booked a superior room we found this strange,seemingly a superiour room is a bog standard double room with a fancy title the mini bar has a seal on it so you can`t use it to use things you bring in there was a half bottle of wine with two glasses on the top of the mini bar,we thought what a nice gesture leaving the wine until I decided to look at the label on the neck of the bottle which said dear guest if you want to drink this wine room service will arrange for this to be added to your bill,how sneaky is that one of the porters insisted to show us our room when we got there I noticed no tea/coffee making facilities when I asked him why he said if you want a cup of tea he would bring us some hot water at a tray charge of £10 the tv is tiny and on the wall the windows had bits hanging off them it seems that the hotel is run by italians and very helpful they were too,we booked for b&amp;b which was continental the choice was terrible the worst cornflakes that I have ever tasted in my life the muesli was very very sweet the croissants[sp] were tiny and hard we asked for toast and were asked if we wanted brown or white we decided on one of each we got two slices cut at an angle one side brown the other side not toasted we asked for more tea and got the teapot filled with water no t-bag,the bathroom was excellent with three showers but we expected the toiletries to be re-stocked each day,they were not all in all the bedroom was first class the hotel is beautiful and clean,but very very expensive,do not get a room at the front as the hotel is near to traffic lights and the sound of sirens all night was very disturbing police/fire/ambulance cars screaming tyres	
Sep 15 2009 	Adequate but too expensive	My wife and I stayed at the Mandeville from 9/3 - 8. Our room was small, yet neat and clean. The TV was so small that it could not be watched while we were in the bed. Our rate did not include a continental breakfast at about $220 USD per night, which really surprised me. Their contenental breakfast was an exhorbitant 17+ BP per person or about $30 USD!! Needless to say, we passed on it.Location was good for the Oxford shopping district.We took the Evan Evans Stonehenge/Bath/Windsor tour and highly recommend it. We also took their city tour which we would not recommend.	
Sep 9 2009 	Very nice hotel overall great location	Hi and I just got back yesterday after 6 days with my extended family. This included ages 17 through 76. There were a few minor inconveniences so I will write about those first, so I can spend more time on the wonderful aspects of this hotel!Shower has a half glass door...and water gets all over the floor when the shower is used. Just a hassle drying it after each use as it wastes a towel.Bathroom door is smoked glass...but if it is at night and someone uses the bathroom and turns the light on...the whole room is illuminated through the door. If you are a light sleeper, this is a problem.When I booked the room, I took into consideration the other issues I read about, and chose it anyhow, and I am glad I did.For central London...the rooms are quite spacious and are typical of the area. There could be more drawer space if you are a traveler that prefers to unpack everything, but there was a large wardrobe and ample space there for what we needed....which was 2 people for 6 days.Bed and linens were very comfortable.The bathroom water pressure was great and the towels are HUGE. The shampoo, etc is good quality.The concierge is SUPERB and were professional and helpful throughout the entire visit, helping us out daily. They were able to help book excursions, find obscure restaurants, get us taxi's, rectify problems with the airline, on and on....they are superb and enough cannot be said about their level of service.Housekeeping was great....within minutes they were there if we needed anything (Ironing board, hangers, toilet tissue, etc). AC was superb and room temp was always comfortable.We did not eat at the restaurant, but on Sat PM it was crowded with locals and seemed very popular. We did not hear any noise from there in our rooms at all. Many local restaurants are in walking distance and every one we ate at was great. There are soooo many close by, never a problem for any meal.Tube stop is a block away. Shopping is a block away. Perfect location for everything.Try Mimosa for dinner, and the Cock and Lion Pub as well. Both close and great!!!We would absolutely stay here again, without hesitation.	
Sep 3 2009 	GREAT!!	The upscale location is great for first-timers to London: just a couple blocks to the tube, plus restaurants &amp; shopping all around. The staff was more than friendly and were always available to answer our questions or make recommendations. The rooms are cozy and clean, but I would recommend requesting a room on the street-side. There is a cafe/huka bar in the alley behind the hotel that can be a bit loud for rooms on the first floor. The DeVigne bar is very nice for drinks and they stay open late for hotel guests. Most other pubs/bars within walking distance close around 11 pm.Check out both Regents and Hyde Park. Both are within walking distance of the hotel (maybe 15 minutes). The London Zoo is on the backside of Regents Park &amp; it has performances during the weekends. Hyde Park has a lovely little pond and if you want to see something that is uniquely London, walk by Speaker's Corner on Sunday afternoon.	
Sep 2 2009 	nice enough!	arrived at hotel, they wanted to precharge my card for extras, when I had already paid my bill, not sure if this is common practice. Recpetionist very posh. Hotel was spotlessly clean as was room. Romms are very small, but good use made of space. Beds very comfortable, lots of clean towels, but no robe or slippers. You will need to buy shampoo etc as the ones in bathroom are tiny! Someone called around to hand out weather infor for next dat and asked if we wanted room service ( not at those prices), no hairdyrer or tea/coffee facilities in room, which should be standard for 4 star! Lift is a bit rickety!Hotel location is perfect, just round corner form oxford street, lots of cafes and restaurants. Continental breaffast is ok, toast was cold and not very toasted, service is a bit too formal for my liking! would stay in area again but maybe not here, unless proce was right !	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice place to stay good location	We stayed at this hotel a couple of weeks ago at the weekend. We stayed in a standard room (were offered a deluxe upgrade for £35 but declined). We got an excellent price for this hotel as it was part of an offer on travelzoo.com £99 per night for the room with continental breakfast included - I believe the normal price for this hotel is quite a lot more. The door men were very friendly, concierge tried to be helpful but nearly had an argument with another member of staff over something we asked advice on. Air con in the rooms is great. Our bathroom was good although a bit annoyed that on the second night one of our towels had been taken so we were left with one to share. All in all good use of space in the standard rooms and if you're just using it for popping in and out of and not for a long stay they are fine size wise. Good location (nearest tube is Bond Street). Some lovely little cafes and restaurants just down the road from the hotel. Overall would recommend this hotel to friends but only at the kind of discounted rate we paid, I don't think I would pay their normal full rate price for one of these rooms. (The only thing i would advise against is going into the hotel bar as it's very expensive, we went in one night without realising, were recommended which cocktails we should have and ended up paying £25 for 2 cocktails that were normal size with loads of ice in so be careful if you do venture in there!)	
Aug 14 2009 	Comfortable stay	The rooms were clean and comfortable and the restaurant was superb. The staff warmth, professionalism and friendliness stood out for me during my stay. Location was ideal for Oxford Street and there were many restaurants a few moments walking distance away. There were two minor points:- The windows fitted poorly and as a result street noise was an issue, and there was no tea or coffee facilities in the room. Otherwise 9/10	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent Location	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Mandeville for two nights, Saturday and Sunday, at the end of July. Although we arrived early in the morning (half past 9) we went to the hotel to drop off our bags and were told there was a room available for us to check in straight away, which was a pleasant surprise. We were offered an upgrade from the Superior Double to a Deluxe Double, at an additional charge of £30 per night, which we took because I'd read in a review that this was worthwhile due to the difference in size between the rooms. I'm glad we did, and would definitely recommend doing this, as we saw the Superior Double whilst walking along the corridor and were shocked at just how small the rooms are! Typical for the centre of London though. Aside from this, the hotel really is lovely, with gorgeous interior decor and friendly, helpful staff. I was disappointed with the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room, something I thought would have been standard in a 4 star hotel. The location of the hotel really is it's best asset. You are literally a two minute walk from Oxford Street, and a five minute walk from Bond Street Underground. Hyde Park, Regents Park, Notting Hill, Madame Tussauds, Covent Garden...all withing walking distance though if you don't mind stretching your legs! The road to the hotel has lots of places to eat, which is so handy. I would recommend Ping Pong for some excellent, reasonably priced dim sum! Despite the central location the room we were staying in was so quiet at night, which made for an excellent night sleep. Overall, a brilliant base for a city break in London.	
Jul 31 2009 	Would Recommend This Hotel To Anyone!	My teenage sons and I just returned from a visit to London and stayed at the Mandeville. We couldn't have asked for a better location or more attentive service. The head concierge, Ian, attended to our many requests with a smile and excellent advice. The continental breakfast was plentiful and in a beautiful dining room. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be close to the action, yet on a lovely street lined with small cafes and shops. We will definitely stay at the Mandeville on future London visits.	
Jul 21 2009 	Highest praise for Mandeville Hotel a fantastic base in London	I stayed ten days at the Mandeville and could not have been happier. At less than $200 per day including non-stop airfare from the East Coast on an Orbitz package, I found myself sitting pretty in an ideal location for exploring London. Set back just enough from the frenzy of Oxford Street, where you can be mowed down by women in full burkha wielding Gucci bags, the Mandeville is a stylish boutique hotel a stone's throw from the Wallace Collection, the Old Bond Street tube station, and buses to everywhere.Staff were unfailingly pleasant. The concierge was very well-informed, cheerfully helping me locate an obscure address on the outskirts of London. Well-soundproofed rooms, lovely sheets, Penhaligon's bath products in the marble bathrooms, stylish decor, an attentive doorman: what's not to like? No hair dryer in the room? Ask and ye shall receive. No coffee maker in the room? I've always wondered who drank that stuff. Walk outside and get a real coffee two minutes away. Not enough sports channels on the telly? Lose your baseball cap, buy a shirt with a collar and try to fit in to the elegance that is the Mandeville. Rooms too small? Take a good look at yourself in the big bathroom mirror and ask the tough questions that need asking. Me, I'd go back to the Mandeville in a hearbeat. What a find.	
Jul 21 2009 	Lovely hotel in a fantastic location	This was our second stay at the Mandeville. We loved the hotel and will defintely stay there again. The location is fantastic. It is right on Marylebone High Street with all its boutique shops, delis and restaurants. It is less that ten minutes walk from Regents Park, which is one of the best parks London has to offer. In the opposite direction is the hustle and bustle of Oxford Street.The decor of the rooms is very modern, if a little small.Our room rate included continental breakfast which was not great but more than adequate. The one negative was the very high price of the items in the minibar and room service.	
Jul 15 2009 	Very good convenient hotel. At the prices it charges internet access should be included.	I agree with most of the other reviewers who have posted comments here: the Mandeville is a very good hotel. I found the staff unfailingly helpful and very polite, and my room was very comfortable (with housekeeping service morning and evening). The hotel’s location is very convenient for those who want to visit the main tourist sights in London. Oxford street is close by, as are Soho and many of London’s theaters and museums. The Bond Street tube station is a short walk from the hotel.All of this comes at a price, though. This is not a cheap hotel; I managed to get a very good deal through an online booking service; at the hotel’s normal rates this place would have been out of my league. At the high prices this hotel charges, it really should include free in-room internet access. In age when internet access comes free with a cup of coffee, GBP 12.50 ($20) a day for access in a hotel room costing $300 really is extortionate.	
Jul 15 2009 	excellent service beds and location	can't say enough, highly recommend. We booked two rooms for four nights, for our family of four (10 and 17). Obtained an excellent weekend rate. small boutique hotel with smallish but very well laid-out rooms. excellent service, greated each morning by name by the concierge. The beds, linens were outstanding. perfect location in the centre of shopping, theatre. One hickup - Internet in room wasn't working and despite assurance at the time wouldn't be charged it wasn't removed from bill - but was rectified quickly without issue at checkout	
Jul 14 2009 	Long on style spotty service	This hotel is in a perfect location - at the end of Marylebone High St, with all its great shopping - plenty of bars and restaurants around, close to Oxford and regent Sts, Soho etc, and less than a block to the Wallace Collection. The hotel itself is small, and very lovely. As usual in London, the rooms are small, so if you can get the weekend deal online or get a cheap upgrade on check in, it's worth taking for the extra space. The shower in the junior suite was lovely, with good pressure. The bed is comfortable, with quality linens and plenty of feather pillows...all pretty dreamy. The afternoon tea was great and the restaurant and bar staff were all delightful. It would have been perfect but for a few things. Things that travellers expect in this kind of hotel. - No tea or coffee available in room- No hand soap in the bathroom, just shampoo and shower gel. It did arrive after I asked twice - The hotel ran out of international chargers - On the second day, my room key stopped working. I called down from the house phone to ask for a new key to be brought up as I was carrying lots of bags, and the front desk told me to come down and get it!!- On check in, the clerk was confused about my rate after an upgrade fee. I could sense this and had him write it down, inclusive of all taxes. (as the confirmation I had only referenced the original room rate) At the end of the stay, the rate was higher than he'd quoted at check in. The checkout clerk did resolve this properly and thereby saved a guestMost of the service issues seemed to be associated with Front Desk. On departure, the concierge Ian was truly helpful storing my luggage and completing the online check in for my flight when I couldn't access the free wi-fi in the lobby. In summary, be prepared to pay a handsome fee to stay in a lovely hotel, in a great location, with some very bright moments, but still get some spotty service. It seems to be a matter of finding the right person to help you. Having said all that, the issues were, in the scheme of things, minor, and I leave happy and would return if the rate was right.	
Jun 26 2009 	Perfect location great hotel wonderful staff!	I was in London for 3 nights and stayed at the Mandeville. Traveling alone, I was in a single room which was lovely. The room, though not large, was perfectly suitable for one person and was bigger than what you normally get in NYC. The bathroom was immaculate and the decor was modern. The location of The Mandeville is PERFECT. Only a few blocks from Bond Street tube station and Oxford Street, it provides easy access to shopping and getting where you need to go. However, nestled back from Oxford Street, it is not nearly as busy. It is just 1-2 blocks from St Christopher's Square which has wonderful restaurants, pubs, brasseries, etc. I never wanted to leave that area. The staff at the Mandeville were so accomodating and friendly. They allowed early check in for me and always were willing to provide advice. The bar is lovely and a fun place to relax. I will definitely be going back!	
Jun 16 2009 	Superb Location	Hi, my name is Helder Tembe, from Mozambique, I stayed at the Mandeville with my wife and small baby recently and the experience was good. The location couldn't be better, for eating out, shopping, etc. It's situated close to Oxford St and New Bond St. The negative aspect is that the rooms are TOO SMALL, and the choice in the room service menu is very limited. The choice of TV channels available is also very poor. No sports channels.	
Jun 16 2009 	Not as good as it should be!	Nice entrance hall and the breakfast was very good. Unfortunately a typcial small room hotel, also no Tea/Coffee making in room. Great location for shopping &amp; Theatre.Wouldn't stay again, could find better easily!	
Jun 15 2009 	The staff just doesn't care.	The great part was the hotel itself: amazing location. beatiful design/decor from the lobby, bar, restaurant, all the way to the rooms.The bad part rested with the staff. Our story is pretty unbelievable. Let me preface this by saying that there were a few GREAT people on staff. Unfortunately they were not working when everything fell apart. So first, one night/morning we were awoken at 4.40am by someone violently trying to get into our room. Shaking the door handle, kicking in the door, then running to the next room doing the same thing. We were terrified. And even more terrified when we discovered the man was NAKED and actually was successful in breaking into the room next to us! Imagine being woken out of a dead sleep by a naked man kicking your door in. My husband physically had to restrain the door to keep the man out. I called the front desk in a panic. First, they couldn't understand me because they hardly spoke English; second, once they did figure out what was going on, they weren't concerned. They casually sent someone up to check things out about ten minutes later. He nonchalantly and gently knocked on the room the man broke into and asked if everything was alright. When there was no answer, he just left! OH MY GOD! The next issue was we purchased two tickets to the Original Bus Tour through concierge. As the Tube strike started that day, the buses were off schedule and by the time we found one, we were turned away at the door. The bus driver said the tours were being cancelled due to the tremendous traffic in the city. When we went back to the hotel and asked concierge for a refund, the concierge man wouldn't even make eye contact, just stared at his computer, shook his head and said &quot;nope.&quot; Are you serious? WTF. That was the end of that. They sold us worthless tickets and wouldn't even apologize. We travel quite a bit, but have never been treated so poorly in all our lives. This place blows.	
Jun 13 2009 	almost there	I would have given it a 5 star but for these important items. No hair dryers, worn bedspread, no complimentary computer in lobby. Oh and one more thing. Our credit card was rejected at a store which is always a concern when traveling abroad, so when we asked to use the phone at the hotel to call the card company we where refused at the front desk. Can you believe it. We had to use the phone at the pub where we ate dinner instead. The pub was very accomodating and understood our panic. The hotel on the otherhand did not. Very bad PR if you ask me. Otherwise the hotel is beautiful. The bar and restaurant staff are extremely friendly and call you by name. The complimentary breakfast is wonderful and the coffee strong and hot. The decor in the lobby and public areas is contemporary and impeccable. The rooms also are nice but the size of a closet. The location is perfect for a local posh neighborhood, chock full of pubs, cafes and shopping. The Bond street tube is just a block away. Take the Heathrow express to Paddington station and then take a cab to the hotel. DO NOT try to take your suitcases on the tube, it is full of steps and escalators.	
Jun 4 2009 	Absolutely worth it!	From the moment I entered the hotel, I had a good reception. Very helpful staff members. I arrived too early for check-in but was immediately directed to my room. To my pleasant suprised I had been upgraded to a bigger room and a cot for a small charge per night to accommodate my aunt and her 18 month old baby who came to visit me. The room was pleasant, good size and tidy. The location is absolutely fantastic. We were just a few hundred meters from the heart of the shopping centre in London (Oxford street). Wonderful restaurants in the neighbourhood, great assistance with taxi's and just about everything from the hotel.The fact that wireless internet was available for free in the hotel lobby was a good thing, because i had a reason to leave my hotel room!There is really nothing negative or complaint I can give about this hotel. I thank you very much for your wonderful reception and will be coming back again very soon.	
Jun 3 2009 	Second Stay	Got a good deal of the ba site and returned for a night. Were overhelpful and brilliant. Carlos and Ian brill and the concierge desk. A have to stay place	
May 28 2009 	Highly Recommended	We stayed for 4 nights in May on a travel package with a discounted room rate. Our local friends were well impressed with our selection of such a posh hotel.Location - The Mandeville is well located for shopping, restaurants and of course the Tube (Bond Street). The staff was very polite. Ian G, the concierge, was tremendous! He is a wealth of information and wonderfully helpful! Room - Our room (#217, a deluxe room) was fair sized for Europe and well appointed. The bathroom was large and immaculately clean. The room was quiet with street noise rarely heard. The TV was small but we never turned it on. (See the hotel pic labeled “one-bedroom suite” with the two chairs in the foreground and bed behind to see our room.)Breakfast - The included breakfast was very pleasant with pastry, fruit, juice, yogurt, cereals, toast, tea and coffee. Further breakfast offerings were not sampled. The restaurant was stylishly attractive and staff very polite.WIFI/Phone - There is free WIFI in the lobby, but not the rooms. A local phone call was a bit pricey at 4 GBP for a few minutes.We recommend the hotel without reserve.	
May 26 2009 	Outstanding Bank Holiday Weekend	We stayed at The Mandeville Hotel for 5 nights in a deluxe room with double bed which was quite large and very comfortable. As many have mentioned, the hotel is perfectly located. Our room was facing the street but after midnight or so, there was not the slightest traffic noise and otherwise it was fairly muted. The bathroom was huge by London standards and contained a stall shower as well as a shower/bath combo. With the two of us, dual showers made getting ready in the morning very efficient. The decor was stylish and the housekeeping service was top notch. They didn't merely offer a standard turndown but a second bathroom cleaning to tidy up after us on the days we had afternoon showers after sports.The service was extremely friendly (and sincere) for London. All staff had smiles and were exceedingly forthcoming with help. For example, at the buffet continental breakfast which was included in my rate, they had just run out of yogurt and after I asked if they had any more, they went to the market to buy some and brought it to my table. In general the service every day at the restaurant for breakfast was outstanding with their friendliness, professionalism, and attention to detail. I wanted to try the restaurant for dinner but it was closed on the Sunday and on Bank holiday so we missed the opportunity.I was similarly impressed with the concierge staff, doorman, and as I mentioned before, the housekeepers. The only negatives for me at least (I'm being picky) is that the bathroom amenities from Penhaligons were very highly perfumed for my taste. Though I don't watch television, the screen was tiny and should a guest wish to watch a movie or sports, the experience may be less than satisfactory. The daily internet rate was quite high as well at around 12 pounds. I've probably said it before but the trouble of applying to be charged with the front desk, getting passwords etc is such a hassle at the hotels that charge for the service and I love it when I can just find free and easily accessible wireless in my room without having to go to so much trouble.I got a discounted rate for staying for 5 days so the value was considerable for what we got. Based of their regular rate, the value would be somewhat less.....but honestly I'd pay it due to the success of my stay this time around. This was my best stay at a London hotel. I've paid considerably more for considerably less in this city. I hope to return soon.	
May 25 2009 	great for the solo shopper	if u are in london town for a shopping spree..go ahead and book it without thinking twice..its a boutique little tiny hotel behind selfriges and oxford street is just 2 min a way by foot...and there is lots of boutiques and shops all around it and cafes and resturants u will have million of choices just around the corner.....and i recommend it also for the solo business man with a fashionble sense.....good value all over for ur money....i will definatly stay there again.	
May 23 2009 	great location for reasonable price	I know my review is somewhat outdated but I still remember my pleasant stay there.What I most liked about this hotel was its location and its price.London is a very expensive place to be and location wise I thought this place would be much more expensive but it was reasonable. The room service was also great!I was badly jetlagged but I still remember the great food I had a 4 am.Just few minutes walk to Bondstreet station. The room was a bit smaller than I expected but otherwise great!	
May 19 2009 	Even Better A Second Time	My wife and I hit the Mandeville for our second weeklong stay in three years ... and it was even better this time. The standard room was great, offering a nice view and plenty of space. The location of the hotel is fantastic, as it is tucked away in quite Marylebone but still close enough to all of London's gems.	
Apr 29 2009 	Cute hotel but beware the size of the rooms.	I have to admit we got a major bargain rate that included breakfast and a three course dinner included for just £150. The rack rate is something around £300. I have to admit if I had paid that for the room we had I would have been horrified. The rooms are lovely but oh my god they are sooooo small. They are the smallest I have ever stayed in, in London. However, on a positive note, the furnishings are sexy and the bar and restaurant are beautiful and worth a visit even if you're not staying at the hotel. We had dinner and it was great. Main selling point of this hotel is its location - pretty much behind Selfridges and St Christopher's Place - there are tons and tons of restaurants in this area. Bond Street and Oxford Street are almost at the end of the road and you have the fabulous Wallace Collection at Hertford House which is one of the best free attractions in London around the corner.	
Apr 26 2009 	Lovely hotel great location	Have just returned from a two night stay at the Mandeville hotel and can honestly say that we had a great stay.My husband was running in the London marathon and I managed to find a deal through Travelzoo for dinner bed and breakfast at a good price so booked for two nights.We did ask for an upgrade on the room we were given as it was quite small and as we were staying for two nights decided a little more room would benefit us we paid extra for this. The room we were then given was at the front of the hotel and was light and airy with a good sized walk in shower.We ate in the hotel both nights as part of the deal we were on and we could chose from the set menu. The food on both nights was excellent, the drinks however, were a little on the pricey side. Breakfast on the deal was continental but was also good with plenty to fill you up and on the Sunday of the marathon the hotel put on breakfast from 7AM instead of 8 which was appreciated by my husband as he was able to eat before setting off!The staff were all very friendly and helpful and happy to keep our bags until after the marathon. Yes he did manage to make it to the finish line on a very hot April afternoon!!We will certainly stay at the hotel again if visiting London especially if on a special offer, not sure if it will be for the marathon next year though he may make that decision once he has had a few days to recover!!	
Apr 24 2009 	Loved it and would definitely recommend	We loved the Mandeville, spent three nights there in April. From the start the staff were efficient, professional and friendly. Loved the location just a short stroll from Oxford street and Bond st tube. Good choice of restauranst nearby too if you want to stay local which we did on our last night and went to a lovely tapas restaurant called La Tasca. The decor of the Mandeveille is very funky and colourful. We didn't eat in the restaurant apart from haivng our breakfast there which was very nice. The bedrooms were lovely but if i'm to be honest we did find the room small but everything else made up for that, it would be the only negative thing we could say about it.Overall i'd definitely recommend it.	
Apr 13 2009 	Gorgeous hotel great location!	I recently treated my boyfriend to a night out at the Albert Hall followed by a one night stay at The Mandeville. I saw a great offer on Travelzoo and thought i'd take advantage. For £149 we had a 3 course meal (set menu) a lovely double room and continental breakfast. Fantastic value!!!All staff that we came into contact with were courteous and helpful. The hotel itself is beautiful and unique, the decor is sooo coool!!Our room was perfect, nice size, welcoming interior, and very clean. We had a few cocktails in the bar before going out in the evening and they were so good that we ended up being 30 mins late for the performance!!!! Unfortunately i do have to have a moan about something though. After a great night out we returned to the hotel absolutely starving and so i ordered 2 club sandwiches. VILE!!!! We waited half an hour for £30 worth of sandwiches that were honestly inedible. We were horrified that anyone would think it was acceptable to serve these. The bread was somewhere inbetween being toasted and not. The chicken was sooooooooo dry, the cheese was weird little pieces not sliced or grated and the bacon was pale and microwaved! Gross! No lettuce no tomato, just a load of mayo to add to this beige plate of expensive crap. We gave the tray back next morning untouched and were not charged. We did get a sincere apology from reception when we were checking out.I feel bad that i've had to winge about this because everything else was perfect but a club sandwich in a luxury hotel should be perfect too, i dont care what time its ordered.All in all a fabulous stay and id recommend it to anyone especially if you can get a good deal like we did.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel- Perfect Location Perfect Price!	My husband and I stayed for a week in March for vacation and were very pleased. The Hotel is in a premier location in London, between Mayfair and Marylebone . Walking out the door you are literally a block or two from great cafes, shops, pubs, the tube and Oxford Street. It is a very upscale area packed with high-end shops and restaurants and is the absolute perfect home base for travelers that want to be close to the action. The rooms are small, (keep in mind I am from the U.S. and used to big rooms). We upgraded to a deluxe king from the standard room for an extra 15 pounds a night. Well worth it if you plan on staying a few nights. Our room was well decorated in contemporary furnishings and it was kept unbelievably clean our entire stay. Houskeeping did a great job, very friendly, and offered turndown service in the evenings.Our marble bathroom was very nice and quite large with a seperate shower and tub.  The service was very good. We were treated especially well by our concierge, Javier, who secured us highly sought-after reservations (that we were not able to get ourselves) for afternoon tea at the Ritz. He also helped us with tour arrangements. The concierges we worked with, the doorman, houskeeping, front desk, and room service staff were all very friendly and professional.  Overall, I am very surprised, pleasantly. I didn't think that I would have been able to find solid four star accommodations in one of the best spots in London for well under $200 USD per night. I would definitely reccommend The Mandeville.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great hotel awesome location - I'll be back!	I have stayed in literally dozens of hotels in London over the years. I travel there often, and always want a good deal at a central London 4-star property (hard to find at times). This was my first stay at the Mandeville; the friends I was traveling with and I chose it after a little research and finding an incredible price online.The hotel common areas are small, but well-done (think W-esque on a small scale). The bar is very cool. We never ate in the restaurant, but it looked nice, and we lamented not having time for afternoon tea there.The service was great - front desk and concierge staff were very accommodating, and the housekeeping was always timely and complete.I had a single room, which was small.....no surprise, given this is London. However, the furnishings were excellent and the bathroom ultra-modern. It was one of the cleanest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. My friends' room was a double -- about twice the size of mine, also nicely furnished, and included a big marble bath with separate tub and shower. My room was very quiet (at the back of the hotel), but my friends reported they had some street noise in theirs.Location-wise, this hotel absolutely can't be beat. It's a 5-minute walk from the Tube (Bond Street station), and there are many restaurants and pubs just around the corner from the hotel. If you want to shop, Oxford Street is less than a 5-minute walk away.I'll be back at the Mandeville on my next trip to London!	
Mar 30 2009 	Superb location small room	We paid 350£ for a three night stay in March 2009. The location was excellent as our plans were shopping on Oxford Street and we wanted a hotel near by. The staff was very polite and helpful. They ordered cabs for us, carried our luggage and booked us a table in the hotels own restaurant (yes by reservation only). We had a 3-course lunch that was priced at 15.5£ per person, little did we know that the additional 10 asparagus we were recomended to accompany our main course would set us back an extra ten £. The service however was fantastic and the food delicious. All in all as we paid 350£ for three nights - no breakfast - iwe concider it a very good deal, and we would go back in the summer time. I think it would be to cold for us in the winter, as the wind was blowing through the room window, and there was blancets, no duvets.	
Mar 25 2009 	Heavenly Oasis!	Stayed 4 nights in Room 508 at The Mandeville. It was the most comfortable, cosy accomodation I've ever experienced in London. The downside was that it was difficult to force myself outside!Due to issues at a B&amp;B I had reserved for my entire vacation, I decided to move out and find another place. Within a half hour at an internet cafe, I had snagged an amazing deal on Orbitz - $128/night (including all taxes and fees, no breakfast). Fifteen minutes later, the taxi dropped me off at the front door of The Mandeville where I was enthusiastically greeted by the doorman. Before I knew it, my bags were whisked out of the cab, tagged, and held securely until I returned later. As a matter of fact, the entire staff - from maintenance to reception - all had nice smiles, were friendly yet extremely professional. It was refreshing to see people taking pride in their responsibilities.There seemed to be two parts to the hotel with separate elevator banks - the older section in the front and a more modern office block-type section attached to the back. My room was in the back overlooking Marylebone Lane which I loved. There were moments it could get a bit noisy with heels clicking down the street or people shouting, but with earplugs and the A/C used as white noise, I was able to sleep soundly (and I'm a light sleeper). Although no dresser drawers available, the large wardrobe was more than sufficient for those who prefer not to live out of a suitcase. Amenities included a safe, flat screen tv with keyboard, 3 telephones, stationery holder, magazines, Bible, hotel directories, hairdryer inside desk drawer, wooden hangers, shoe rack, climate control (heating and air-conditioning), bottle of wine with 2 wine glasses, Penhaligons toiletries (Racquets formula), shower cap, towel warmer, shower mat to prevent slipping, extra toilet paper, plenty of towels including washcloths, and mini bar. Internet charge via the television is £5.50 for one hour and £12.50 for 24 hours.The mini bar is secured with a paper tag so you must be careful not to tear it open if you don't plan on using it.The details made all the difference - the heavy draperies which blocked out most of the light, the deep bathtub (important for bubble bath fans), power shower, perfect water temperature, good reading lights, carpeting, twice daily maid service. Most importantly, the place was extremely clean and the bed comfortable.The only thing that seemed to be missing was a soap dish. The poor disc of soap skated around the counter!The location was ideal. Right there in Marylebone Village, yet a brief walk through St. Christopher's Place to Bond Street tube station and all the bus routes on Oxford Street. 'Round the way is Wigmore Hall, John Bell &amp; Croyden Pharmacy, Paul Rothe &amp; Son, a button shop, a ribbon shop (V V Rouleaux), Eve Lom Clinic, Golden Hind Fish Bar, etc, etc... Bond Street tube station has a mini mall with an M&amp;S Simply Food, Boots, Superdrug, Pret, and so forth. Overall, I felt The Mandeville was great value. For the price I paid for this category of hotel, I kept waiting for a catch. No catch. It was close to perfect, and I hope to return!	
Mar 9 2009 	Fashionable hotel in excellent location.	We stayed at the Mandeville Hotel for 4 nights at the end of February. Near the Bond Street tube station, location to Oxford Street and the West End is excellent. Check-in was smooth and a superior double room was immediately available even though we checked in at 10 AM after an overnight flight. Reviewers have commented on the small size of some of the double rooms but I found the room to be no smaller than other 4-star hotels in Milan and Paris. Our room overlooked the back of the hotel which was very quiet. Bed linen and bathroom fixtures were of good quality, with a heated towel rack and the mirror was treated so that a section did not fog up with steam during a hot shower. There was a combination safe in the room, large enough to accept a small laptop. English breakfast was included in our room rate with a buffet continental consisting of fresh &amp; preserved fruit, yoghurt, cheeses, choice of 4 cereals, croissants &amp; pastries, as well as orange and grapefruit juice. English breakfast is leisurely, since it is cooked to order, including 2 eggs (any style), bacon, sausage, grilled tomato, mushrooms and black pudding, with toast. We did not utilize the bar or restaurant for other meals, although we found the reception staff and breakfast waiters professional and accommodating, and on the morning we departed early, the room service breakfast arrived on time and hot. Thank you Mandeville for a very pleasant stay. Given the corporate rate we received, we would certainly return in future.	
Mar 4 2009 	Not the best !!	We stayed at the hotel for one night as we were going to a concert in london the location of the hotel was excellent for Oxford street and for exploring london ,but the hotel its self was pretty average. Our room was small and the air conditioning unit was used to heat the room which was noisy and did not work properly,the room was clean but very small and having two windows you could hear street noise nad it was very draughty, The hotel bar was very pricey. The brreakfast was good and the restaurant was very modern and clean. We have stayed in several hotels in london and would not use this one again.	
Mar 1 2009 	3rd visit but not as impressed as previous visits	Paid a return visit to this hotel hilst on a business trip...previuolsy stayed there at weekend on leisure break. Single room this time which although small, was more than adequate for one night stay. however room temperaure varied between boiling and freezing...reaklly difficlut to get a happy medium. location of room was on side of hotel with direct access from Oxford street. Consequently was very noisy with traffic noise and shouting until after 2AM. Bins in street then emptied at 6am so not a very restful night. Room only had single glazing which surely should be upgraded to at least secondary glazing to cut out noise.On previous stays the twin rooms have had duvets....however this had blankets! Ugh! took great care to keep them away from me. bathroom has all usual toiletries etc which were of decent standard. However was surpised no bathrobe or slippers inn what was supposed to be a superior room. Found someone elses snack bar wrapper under bedside table so room obvioulsy hadn't been cleaned that thoroughly. Breakfast OK in the morning, though service was very slow...in spite of being seated almost immediately waited over 10 mins ( and eventually tracked someone down) to take my order. Buffet breakfast ok, though staff slow to fill up. No rolls/meat/and only one piece of cheese when I went to get breakfast.Opted instead for upgrade to cooked which was better value at £6.50 more. What staff don't tell you is yoou can request cappucino instead of filter coffee....no extra charge and better quality than filter. Overall not too bad an experience but having stayed twice before at weekends, service then was much better and rooms higher standard too.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great hotel in a quiet area	The Mandeville is a beautiful boutique hotel located in the Marylebone area of London. Our room, as most European hotel rooms are, was fairly small- but certainly big enough for 2 friends to share. The hotel was quite accomodating regarding having a twin room available (even though we had mistakenly booked a double through a travel site) and allowing us to check in at 11am after a long trans-Atlantic flight. There was more than enough room to store luggage (nice closet and safe available). The room was well designed and beautifully kept by the cleaning staff. The concierge was always helpful and offered many suggestions for restaurants in the area (of any type and price range). There were many pubs in the area of course - this IS London after all! The hotel bar was a great place to end a good night out. Our room was always quiet but then we didn't have any kind of view at all - our room overlooked the interior courtyard/backs of other bldgs - that was the only thing that could have been improved.	
Feb 27 2009 	Small bedrooms - Great location	Arrived at hotel to be told there were no twin rooms available, wasn't too much of an issue for us. Got to the bedroom on the second floor, shocked at how small it was, everything was squashed into the room. Bathroom also on the small side. Room was freezing at night time the air con didn't seem to work properly. Then we discovered that it was blankets on the bed........ What centuary are we in? I shivered in bed for 3 nights with itchy blankets over me. Breakfast then was very expensive £16 each for a continental which exsisted of few pieces of fruit, pastries and toast and tea. Better off going down the street to a cafe some lovely little ones in the vicinity of the hotel. In saying that i have to say you could not get a better location, 2 minute walk to oxford st. Loads of great restaurants to eat at night time in St Christophers.	
Feb 22 2009 	The perfect location for accessing Central London in comfort	Having booked this hotel on lastminute.com purely from the &quot;choose location nearest to...&quot; option, I feel I couldn't have chosen a better place to stay. I wanted to stay very near Wigmore Hall as I was going to a recital on the evening I arrived and I have to say, I wasn't disappointed. From the time I arrived at Oxford Circus I had no trouble finding my way ( I am not from the UK). I found the staff to be very helpful and even found that there were two staff members from Italy so we had a lovely conversation in Italian! My room was a single room, small (0bviously), but very well-appointed. The only thing that was missing was an ironing facility. I found the bed very comfortable as I had travelled from early morning and needed to be up and about again very early the next morning as I was travelling home again. After the concert, I returned to the hotel and relaxed in the beautiful drawing room off of the lounge just to wind down after the busy day. Green tea and macaroons - what more could you want? All in all, I enjoyed my brief stay immensely and will definitely be back again in May when there is another recital in Wigmore Hall that I want to hear.Antoinette Dickinson-Kaur, Ireland	
Feb 20 2009 	Wouldn't recommend it...............	The location of the hotel was great, and first impressions good but checking-in turned into a shambles when one of the two rooms we booked, well in advance, didn't show up on the computer. The saying &quot;the customer is always right&quot; certainly wasn't part of this hotel's staff training. Eventually the problem was resolved but half of our party found their room unsatisfactory. After going to the theatre we decided to have a couple of drinks in the hotel bar before retiring - big mistake - the prices were extortionate! Our room, though comfortable was quite cold, with a rather thin quilt and the noise from the street woke us.The breakfast had obviously been rushed as the sausages, bacon and black pudding was undercooked and inedible, the toast was more like warmed bread and we had to wait a long time for this to reach us in the first place. Not a hotel I will be revisiting or recommending to anyone - quite the contrary.	
Feb 20 2009 	Don't even go there	We arrived for a birthday celebration, to be told that our confirmed booking for two twin rooms near each other was for only one twin room. After a waste of our precious time, we managed to get two rooms but on different floors. A party next to us were experiencing similar problems - 4 guys who had also booked twin rooms but had been given doubles and were definitely not happy. They were told, as were we ' the hotel is full to capacity, there is nothing we can do'. As we are 4 sisters, we agreed to give them our rooms, and we would share the doubles, and so were given deluxe rooms. Sounds good, but the difference between the two rooms was immense - one was much smaller and far more basic, with nothing better on offer because 'the hotel is full to capacity, there is nothing we can do'. By now we had wasted even more time, seen several people, and been made to feel that the problem was ours - despite pointing out that it was not our fault the original booking was messed up, as was that of the other party, and that in fact we had put ourselves out to try and resolve this for the other guests, and the hotel. Wish we hadn't bothered. It just got worse with the unbelievable bar prices, appalling breakfast service . . . . overall a very disappointing experience. It's a nice enough hotel, in a good location, but basically the organisation was a mess.	
Feb 9 2009 	Very good hotel.	We stayed for a weekend at the Mandeville and we loved it. It was not my first time there, and I will repeat it if the conditions are the same.On the good side: The staff is great; very corteous, professional and polite. The decor is nice for people who like modern style, but not minimalist. The beds are very comfortable, pillows are top of the range, bed linings of very good quality. Bath products from Penahligons! Breakfast is enough but not special... and continental only. Finaly, the best thing: location, location, location. For me, it is one of the best locations in London, you can walk from there to the most interesting places, there are great restaurants and bars around... you can't go wrong.On the not so good side: The rooms are not cramped, but are realy on the smaller side, bathroom also. There are no coffee / tea facilities in the room. The price is a little bit high... The air conditioning is very noisy, although you can use the separate heater they provide...	
Feb 4 2009 	Behind the 4-star lobby and staff lurks a stingy 3-star hotel.	Good: Brilliant location. Nice staff. Clean.Bad: Tired decor in room. Single glazed windows which let in cold and noise. Blankets instead of duvet. Shower gel and schampoo not refilled. No iron or trouserpress. Small and boring breakfast selection. My partner and I booked 4 nights including breakfast with 1800hotels, and got a good price. The hotel is less than 5 minutes from Bond street tube station, and there are loads of restaurants and cafés around.When we arrived at the hotel they only had us down for 3 nights, but that was resolved without problems when we showed our booking confirmation. We were greeted by a number of staff in a very correct manner. The lobby and restaurant were very modern and nicely decorated. Unfortunately the room was cramped and the decor tired. And had our pet hate- a blanket with sheets instead of a duvet in a cover. Which invariably means you end up cold and under the unwashed blanket when the sheets move during your sleep. We expect better from a 4-star hotel in this price range. No coffee and tea making facilities in the rooms, but that didn't really bother us. We would have liked an iron and ironing board though. We had read a review about the rooms being cold, so we immediately set up the portable radiator from the closet. Without it we would have been freezing! The windows were only single glazed and not sealed, so they let in not only cold but a lot of noise. We were on the 6th floor, and facing a backyard, but we still woke up during the night from noise from the nearest street. In the morning we learned that the breakfast included in the price was only the continental. If you wanted the cooked breakfast it cost £6.50 extra, nearly double what it would cost in a café. So we didn't bother. The continental was: Fresh OJ and grapefruitjuice, müsli, cereals and milk, small tasty yoghurts, fruitsalad, dried apricots and plums, toast, croissants, dry breadrolls, salami, on some days ham, dry cheeseslices, Baby bell cheese, tasty muffins, 2 types of sweet pastries. That was it. It sounds better than it was. No brown bread or baguette and since the breadrolls were all similar and there were only few toppings it got pretty boring. I asked for cucumber and tomato, which I got, but I had to wait for them because they were not on the menu, so the chef took all the orders for cooked breakfasts before my order... All other hotels in this pricerange we have stayed in have included the cooked breakfast, and most have had a bigger continental selection. Another review mentioned having to ask for more shower products, and this happened to us as well. They had only given us one soap, a mini bottle of schampoo and one of shower gel even though there were two of us. And the really appallingly stingy thing is that they didn't refill when they serviced the room. We had to call the staff for more. Then we got one new soap and two bottles of schampoo, shower gel and even conditioner. But on the third morning again they only filled up with one bottle of shower gel. This really sums up how stingy the hotel is- you have to ask for things that anywhere else come for granted. I can understand that they don't want to give excessive products that everyone just takes home, but then they could have wallmounted refillable containers, which would ensure you have enough and would also be better for the environment.	
Feb 2 2009 	If you want the rudest staff we have ever come across then stay here	Before I booked this hotel I had noticed some of the reviews mentioned the rude manager and unhelpful staff. My husband and I travel all the time and have never experienced a manager or staff quite like it. They operate a no name policy - how convenient in the hospitality business. Customer service is non existent .. Decor is just ok and acceptable but nothing like they make it out to be. One of the best bars in London? I think not. Great location but an attitude that would reduce some people to tears. Their attitude is totally uneccessary and frankly is a form of bullying and on the strength of our experience I would never ever recommend this hotel . Great shame as it has huge potential and we really went with an open mind but sadly left feeling very hurt and abused and we are not sensitive!	
Jan 16 2009 	Good position but...............	First impressions are not exactly good. Tiny reception area with only a couple of chairs to lounge in. Decor very 'Red'I know London hotels are not renowned for their generous rooms but this Must have the smallest rooms in any hotel anywhere! Not even enough room to have a chair in or to be able to dress properly. The heating was not working correctly and there was no heating at all in the bathroom which on a tiled floor is not very pleasant especially during one of the coldest weeks in the UK for ages this ellicited 2 visits from an engineer to get it sorted out.Then the TV stopped working requiring another engineer call outThe windows are also only single glazing which created a really cold zone behind the curtains as well as letting all the traffic and roadworks noise into the room.I see one review called the breakfast selection as being excellent. Well I must disagree. There is a small table with a few croissants, pastries, cereals and fruit and thats the lot. I dont believe you can get a cooked breakfast - probably best to go round the corner to a cafe.All in all a very disapointing stay and we shall return to our regular hotel next yearOne positive point however is the staff and their attitude.They were all extremely polite and seemingly efficient and were it appeared to be genuinely friendly - especially the charming doorman who couldn't have been more helpful	
Jan 5 2009 	A Disappointing Stay	It all started well, smooth check in, apart from the lack of privacy in the bathroom, the room was cosy and very nice. Maid service excellent, and the staff on reception and the info/taxi services desk were very nice. But the bar services are appauling, on New Years Day evening, we got back from the Theatre to find they had closed the hotel bar before 10pm! Even though we were residents they would not give us a drink, which was a problem as there wasn't a pub open in the entire area, I booked this hotel for the excellent location, which is great in the day when St Christophers Place is alive with nice bars and restaurants, but not on a New Years Eve, there was only ONE pub open in the entire area, we couldn't believe it, everywhere had closed! The Hotel Bar had a very loud disco in the bar, had taken the seating away for dancing, so there was no where to sit and watch the 2 couples on the floor showing their undies while dirty dancing! A burly bouncer would not let us sit in the quiet seats out by reception with our drinks, he was rude and made us most unwelcome, as did the bar staff, it was horrible, we had to down the rather expensive wine in order to leave the bar area, it was ridiculous! So we had to go and stand in the busy ONLY pub that was open in the entire area accross the road. But New Years Day night was even worse, there wasn't even ONE pub open, it was a ghost town everything was SHUT, and the hotel bar closed before 10pm! and they wouldn't even let us drink the £20 HALF bottle of wine from our mini bar downstairs, it is against the law to drink alcahol on New Years Day according to the hotel staff! never heard anything like it and never been stuck in a closed down hotel that wouldn't accomodate residents for a drink, we had to sit in our bedroom and watch a film, not what we paid alot of money for to stay here! The breakfast was ok, although you never felt welcome there either! We felt brave and asked for more toast on the second morning, but this request was ignored, that waiter wouldn't even make eye contact again! Alot of money wasted on a disasterous weekend at the Mandeville, I tried to voice my concerns about the bar closing when we checked out and had to pay the ridiculous mini bar bill, but all smiles they just said if they are busy they close and basically couln't care less that their residents are left in the lurch! We were told we could have got a glass of water from room service Wow! It's all a shame really as the location is good, but the hotel facilities let it down completely.	
Dec 18 2008 	Loved the personal touch given at the Mandeville!	I travel frequently to London for business trips but this time I was going away with the whole family and I wanted a hotel that was both central and also gave a personal touch and personal service. I know that this is a hard thing to find in London as most of the hotels are very impersonal so I thought I would give the Mandeville a go as it seemed to be on the smallish side compared to the hotels I normally stay in. We absolutely loved the location of the hotel.. it was two minutes away from Oxford Street and the Bond Street Station and just across the road from St Christopher's place which is a hub of restaurants and coffee shops which is absolutely fantastic. The first thing that surprised me was the fact that when we walked into the hotel the receptionist immediately guessed who I was - that was certainly a first for a London hotel! It made us feel very welcome.We were allocated two rooms which were fairly close to each other as per our request. Unfortunately the room our daughters was staying in was apparently very close to a disco and they could not sleep because of the noise. To their credit the reception immediately sorted this problem out and as they were fully booked they allocated a suite for one night till another twin room was vacated. Of course our girls absolutely adored this and were pretty reluctant to leave the suite the next day!The rooms we were allocated were slightly larger than an average sized room in a London hotel. They were clean and well equipped. It is worth noting that there are no tea and coffee making facilities in the room which is unusual for a London hotel. The toileteries were a bit sparse but they always replenish immediately upon request. One thing that the Mandeville also offers which we loved is the fact that they offer a freshly cooked to order breakfast. Besides that all the staff at the Mandeville is extremely polite and always ready to help.Would we stay there again? Absolutely... there are a few minor things that could do with being dealt with but on the whole this hotel is a great base to stay in London... well done to all the staff at the Mandeville!	
Dec 12 2008 	L-O-C-A-T-I-O-N.....in a word!	Pros: Location,Location, Location - only 2 blocks from Oxford Street and lots of lovely cafes right beside it in St Christophers PlaceStaff - in general friendly, helpful, welcoming, competentRoom - Bed had memory foam mattress, heavenly after a hectic day of sightseeing.Breakfast - huge variety to choose from the continental buffet tableCons - seems a lot but all small thingsStaff in restaurant - in need of training both with service and manners, waiting a long time after we ordered coffee and toast and waiter was extremely rude and flippant towards usMini Bar - you cannot put your own food or drink in the minibar as it has a seal tag at the side therefore you can only open it if you want to take something from the minibar which, trust me, you do not want to do! Ridiculous prices!Frosted glass bathroom door - my partner had a major problem with this, it does not offer any privacy whatsoever.Toiletries - quite a frugal offering.TV - very small, ending in squinting to read the ticker tape headlines on Sky NewsIn short, would I stay here again? Absolutely :)	
Dec 10 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We enjoyed a lovely overnight stay at this excellent hotel. Ideally located and nothing was too much trouble.	
Dec 8 2008 	Fab Boutique Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for My husbands 30th birthday. We thought it was fab, the room was modern and comfortable, the bathroom was lovely and the bed very comfortable. It is in a great location, we went to the Hyde Park Winter Wonderland just round the corner almost. And we ate at Gordon Ramsay's Maze Grill which is a 7 minute walk away. The bar is funky (there was a bit of an odd smell in there later on though to be honest) and I had the best Strawberry daiquiri ever! The staff were very pleasant. We got the room at a very reasonable price too.	
Dec 6 2008	Disgusted	I booked two rooms directly with the hotel for my daughters 21st birthday.On arrival we were told they were overbooked and there were no rooms available.Absolutely wrecked a very special and unrepeatable occasion. (Though they did tell me that she would have other birthdays!)Being pushed in a taxi and sent to another hotel did not make us feel any better at all.	
Nov 14 2008	Great boutique hotel is a convenient locatioon	My grand-daughter and I stayed at the Mandeville hotel in July. We were on our own, not on a tour. The location was great, a few blocks off Oxford street and close to two tube stations. The concierge was helpful in arranging things like theater tickets. The hotel rooms were spacious, comfortable and air-conditioned, the hotel size not too big and not too small..Breakfast was included. There were many sidewalk cafes and small restaurants within a few blocks. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 31 2008 	nothing spectacular	I stayed here on business for a couple of days. It's in a great location, check-in staff were pleasant, the room was clean &amp; pleasantly furnished. I didn't eat there, so can't comment on food, restaurant or bar.Two irritants: no tea or coffee facilities in the room, and no wifi in rooms either - given the relatively recent upgrade, the latter is annoying. It's ok, but lacks any real charm or atmosphere. I wouldn't choose to stay there again, except perhaps for the location.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great locationgood hotel though nothing special	Stayed here for 4 nights city break in October.Hotel is in a great position just 2 minutes walk from Oxford Street/Baker Street/Bond Street and plenty of bars,restaurants and coffee shops in St Christophers Lane at the end of the road.Check in was smooth and no problems.they &quot;freeze&quot;a minimum of £200 on your credit card for any extras you may charge.Room-we upgraded to a deluxe double which was spotless and had everything we needed (apart from coffee/tea facilities).Staff were very pleasant especially the bar staff and doorman.The only gripe i had was paying £16 for a small glass of red wine and a bottle of beer in the bar.I would say the hotel should probably be rated as a 3-4 star,4 because of the location.	
Oct 18 2008 	The pompous Mandeville	My husband and I stayed at the Mandeville for six nights during October 2008. Our daughter and her partner stayed in a separate room on one of the nights during our stay. Our final payment to the hotel for accommodation and other services involved a significant amount of money. We loved the location of the hotel but were surprised and finally dismayed by some of the hotel's attributes and services. Major deficits were the lack of ironing and tea and coffee making facilties in the room. We attempted to have some clothes (a shirt and pants) ironed via room services on one day and I was advised at 9.15 am that this would be impossible because the clothes had not been received by 9 am. My husband walked across the road to a laundry service and received a very prompt and cheerful service. On our final morning at the hotel, after going for an early morning walk and both in exercise clothes, we purchased takeaway coffees and returned to the hotel. We were accosted by an extremely pompous manager who told us 'We dont allow that here'. When we raised with him that we had been without tea and coffee making facilities during our stay, he said 'We don't do that here' in a condescending voice. It was an unpleasant experience and left us both feeling annoyed. In my opinion this is a hotel that is making mistakes and has pretensions to be more than it actually is. I felt in my interchange with the imperious manager that he had made a very poor judgement call about us as guests and as human beings. After all we had been in the hotel for almost a week by then and had spent money in the restaurant and bar and on laundry and dry cleaning services and internet access. We spend at least a week in London annually and will not be staying at the Mandeville again despite its' fantastic position. Poor management ethos should not be supported!	
Oct 15 2008 	Just OK !	Stayed at the Mandeville for 1 night to celebrate a friend's birthday. The check-in process was easy, and the staff efficient and friendly. I had only booked a standard room, but was still surprised at how small the room and the bed was. The bed was just a standard double (not even a queen) which made for a fairly uncomfortable night's sleep for my girlfriend and I. The room had a mini-bar, but no tea or coffee making facilities which was an inconvenience. It also suffered from some street noise as it was not double-glazed, and the air vents in the windows had been blocked with bits of tissue paper, presumably to cut down on noise from the street, but fairly poor considering the hotel's reputation.	
Oct 5 2008 	It was good without being spectacular	Great location if you are a shopper looking to spend time on Oxford St, and close to the Bond St tube station.We stayed in two rooms a week apart, both rooms were good, the second a little larger.Stangely the second room had two seperate showers but no bath.Would stay there again.	
Oct 2 2008 	Loved it...a shoppers haven!	We stayed at the Mandeville the first weekend in September as part of our mini-moon in London. The hotel is in a fantastic location just off Oxford Street. Its a haven for shoppers, Selfridges is just around the corner. Everything you could wish for is within walking distance and there is a fantastic street full of restaurants and cafes just outside the hotel. The concierge is very helpful quickly pointing out things on the map and advising the best tube stops.The hotel is decorated in a modern style and has a fantastic bar and restaurant. We arrived in the afternoon and were upgraded to a deluxe room. The room was beautiful but like many other hotels in London it was small. Would not like to have been in our original room. The bathroom was marble and had good quality toiletries, robe and slippers. The bathroom also had a sound system. The bed was exceptionally comfy, the room soundproofed, we had a fantastic nights sleep. We never had dinner in the restaurant but we did have the gentleman’s afternoon tea which I have recommended to everyone I know, expensive but a real luxury (with lots of eating) and the included continental breakfast had great choice. I would stay here again and recommend to all.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great boutique hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Mandeville for 3 nights in August &amp; I thought it was fantastic. Firstly, it's in a great location (3 minute walk to oxford st), surrounded by excellent cafes and restuarants. Oxford st is just around the corner for shopping and it is only a short walk to the nearest bus stops or tube lines. Our room was on the top level, in what appeared to be the attic. The room was not very big, but spacious enough for the both of us. The bathroom was modern &amp; clean and the decor was very elegant. The staff are absolutely amazing, helping with any little request that we had.I booked directly with the hotel, as it had the best rate. Would definately stay here again.	
Sep 17 2008 	Been to nicer 4 Star Hotels	I stayed 1 night Double occupancy. Taking the price into account (and I got a deal via Laterooms), I would rate this as 3 out of 5. Why? Room was small - very clean and pleasant decor, however no coffee making facilities in room, no complimentary water, no ironing facilities (very annoying to discover that at 07:30 in the morning). So overall, I wasn't that impressed and with competition high in the centre of London, I won't be returning.	
Sep 9 2008 	Absolutely fantastic all round hotel.. The Mandeville Hotel	Well I can think of two words to describe The Mandeville Hotel in London, &quot;Absolutely Fantastic&quot;, that goes for the extremely friendly, polite and helpful service and the VERY high standard the rooms are furnished and maintained to.  Myself and my girlfriend stayed there for just the one night but are definately thinking about going back for more!! We stayed in the superior double room and it was just amazing, we had the best night sleep thanks to the comfortable bed and the bathroom was really tidy, clean and modern. I would love to see what the other rooms are like from just this experience!! The staff at the hotel were very helpful, welcoming and more than willing to go the extra mile to help you.  Overall our stay at The Madeville Hotel was perfect, apart from the short length of time we were there. 5/5 from us!!	
Sep 5 2008 	Great location modern 	I travel to UK &amp; Europe 3 or 4 times a year on business &amp; when in London normally stay at the Hyatt Winston Churchill in Portman Square. On my last trip to London I happened to have had a meeting at the Mandeville &amp; decided to give it a try.In terms of location, the Mandeville is in a great part of town for either business or pleasure travellers being short walk to Bond St tube &amp; Oxford St &amp; given its location in fashionable Marylebone, is surrounded by a fabulous range of cafes, restaurants &amp; bars all within easy walking distance. The hotel itself falls firmly into the boutique category &amp; this is reflected in its contemporary decor &amp; feel which comfortably mixes leather wall coverings &amp; marble floors with bright orange furniture. There is also a great bar &amp; restaurant adjacent to the lobby area which attracted locals &amp; hotel guests alike. The only downside in terms of facilties was the lack of a gym which wont worry some, but is normally pretty high on my hotel checklist. In light of this, the hotel does offer guests reduced admission at the nearby (10 mins) Fitness First Berkeley Square.My room (deluxe) was a reasonable size, comfortable, clean &amp; contemporary and featured a marble bathroom with a separate shower &amp; bath. I would recommend sticking with the deluxe rooms if the budget allows as the superior rooms I saw while being cleaned looked a little too cosy. The bed was a Queen, although I had the choice of a King at the expense of the bath tub. My only suggestion for improvement relates to the wall mounted (LCD) TV which was about the size of my laptop screen &amp; made bed viewing a little tough. So in conclusion, will I stay again or return to the Hyatt? I think I've found my new London base at The Mandeville. Recommended.	
Sep 2 2008 	50% ii will explain	location is great room and hotel v.cleangood house keeperbut staff at reception are not nice &amp; it seems they are not happy for working there..rooms are small ( deluxe )breakfast is below average with really bad serviceif u can book it with good rate fine otherwise look for another one	
Aug 27 2008 	Great London hotel	I booked a single room and it was surprisingly big, I think because I was on a corner with windows down two sides. The bed was 3/4 sized and perfectly adequate and the deco was modern and fresh. It is in a great location next to a street full of restaurants and minutes from Oxford Street, yet fairly quiet. Check in and out was fast and pleasant, so overall I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 25 2008 	Loved the Mandeville	Gorgeous hotel with excellent customer service and great location.	
Aug 8 2008 	They're not good with details	We have stayed two years in a row at the Mandeville in London. The first time was way above expectations.We fly in from Sydney (23 hours) and arranged for an early checkin, that was confirmed, but when we turned up at 6am this had been misplaced. We then had to wait punchdrunk from fatigue for a room while it was cleaned. An hour waiting we checked, but the night staff had left and no one had a record of us waiting for a room. They then promised to get us a room but the only vacated room had been given to someone else. Two hours later we finally got a room.Put a 'do not disturb' sign on the door and were woken up an hour later by mini-bar staff bursting in the room.It's a great hotel, in a central location with clean attractive rooms but the service on the last trip doesn't justify the prices they charge.On checking out they argued for 40mins about us having to pay the full accommodation rate for two nights when the internet payment system charges you for the first night. When you're rushing for a flight it's the last thing you needI don't know if they had been taken over but I'd be very hesitant about staying there again - there are so many other options out there.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great stay!	Having lived in London for a few years, returning to the city for me means hectic schedules to meet friends and catch up wiv wats new. Having lived in a home in the same city nad finding a hotel room upon return to the same somehow demands a specific type of accomodation and Mandeville hotel exceeded all my expectations...a great central london location, a short walk to Oxford street (esp if one is there to shop during amazing London summer sales), comfortable beds and not too small for a London single room and best of all not dated or heavily emebeded in Victorian embelishments! I booked thru hotelsclick.com and got a good rate of under around 137£ per night!!!Check-in was friendly and quick. Concierge desk very helpful and ensured that the guest is well attended to. The breakfast room is very trendy and had a fair selection of items to choose from. I had a Full English breakfast included in the price. The hotel has been refurbished a couple of years ago in a contemporary style and is extremely elegant. My room was a single room with a petite double size bed and not the single bed that most -London hotels offer at a relatively high rate in a small room that has no space to manouver. Bed linen and quilt of superior qulaity nad good thread count cotton. The bath had good quality fixtures &amp; fittings (Grohe power showers). Overall I am happy with my stay and would definately stay there again if given a choice.	
Jul 22 2008 	Superb luxury!!!	Booked this for an overnight in London, what a lovely hotel.The area is fantastic an so central, loads of little pavement bars and resturaunts everywhere.The hotel is superb and worth going just to treat yourselves, i don;t usually stay in such &quot;posh&quot; hotels but this has now spoiled me!!!The staff were excellent and very helpful, the bar is brilliant and the service wonderful.Overall a great stay in a lovely hotel, try it you will love it.	
Jul 21 2008 	Excellent value in Central London	I stayed here for one night this week on business and booked the hotel at an excellent rate through the British Airways website, with buffet breakfast included. This is a great location for Paddington and the Heathrow Express and all London West End destinations as it is so well connected, but being off the major roads it is also easy for taxis to reach, an important consideration in congested traffic.I was surprised and delighted to find the sort of finishing touches - for example soft padded hangers for delicate clothes in the wardrobe - that you would normally find only in much more expensive places. The turn down service was another welcome surprise.Breakfast was of a high standard. The staff were efficient and friendly and I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 14 2008	Easy Peasy....	Stayed in the Mandeville for one night with my sister on a London shopping trip. This is an ideal location for shopping and leisure - 4 minute walk to Selfridges and a plethora of great bars and restaurants, on your doorstep, in St. Christopehers place. Bond Street Tube station is 6 mins away.The hotel is pretty immaculate from a presentation and cleanliness perspective. Cool bar downstairs with friendly bar-staff. We shared a twin room. It was quiet until about 7.30am, then construction works began outside. No fault of the hotel and we were there just for one night.Try and get a room rate with breakfast included - we ordered ours to our room. It arrived on time and piping hot. Check-in and Check-out were both quick and streamlined. The concierge looked after our luggage for the rest of the day AND checked us in online &amp; provided us with our boarding passes for our return flight. We asked nicely and they were totally accomodating!The hotel website is expensive, but there are late deals to be had for this hotel on the majority of 'Last-Minute' type websites.To sum-up: Easy Peasy in a great location.	
Jul 8 2008	If only they didn’t loose the reservation…	Mandeville hotel left ambivalent impression. On one hand, its’ location beats all the records - Oxford street is just around the corner, Bond street underground station connects you in 10 –15 minutes with any sightseeing you wish to visit, the area is calm and secure. We had a deluxe room, which was a bit small, but nicely decorated and exceptionally clean. Since it was a part of our honeymoon, we had a complimentary bottle of Champaign and a basket of flowers on the arrival. On the other hand, we were pretty surprised to find out that the hotel lost our reservation for the breakfast, as if it wasn’t included although we’d already paid for it. They use a menu breakfast in the restaurant, and since they lost our reservation, we didn’t know what to choose and were charged for the breakfast when leaving. Although on the second day they managed to find the reservation and promised not to charge us for that first day of misunderstanding. Not a nice experience when you are staying in the hotel on such a special occasion. I would probably put 5 stars if it were not for that matter and the fact that each time in the restaurant we had to go to the reception and explain that we had already paid for our breakfast.	
Jul 4 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Perfect Location!	Me and my husband stayed here for 1 night for our 1st anniversary and wouldnt have changed it for the world! The staff are very friendly and helpful at all times and the location is perfect! The hotel is within walking distance of most attractions including Trafalgar Square, Theatreland, Piccidilly Circus, Regents Street and 2 mins walk from Oxford Street and Selfridges! Ideal for shopping weekends. Surrounding the hotel are very nice bars and cafe's, so plenty of places to eat and drink right on your doorstep. The weather was great when we stayed giving the location a feel of being abroad, with everyone eating and drinking outside the restaurants.The hotel very kindly upgraded our room as it was our anniversary, the room was amazing! Ive actually decided to decorate my bedroom the same. I do get to stay at a lot of nice hotel on business trips, but this has been one of my favourites so far.The only negative is the bar prices, London can be expensive, but these were verging on extortionate! £19 for a bottle of beer and a vodka and coke!!! This isnt really a problem though as there are lots of bars within a few minutes from the hotel.I would definately recommend this hotel, and cant wait to go back again!	
Jun 10 2008 	Well-situated and well-appointed...	The Mandeville's great advantage is its location, only two blocks south of the sweetest part of Marlyebone High Street, chock full of boutiques and eateries, and three blocks away from Wigmore Hall, one of London's foremost classical music venues. Inside, it's best understood as a small (but not tiny) older hotel that has been thoroughly boutique-ified. So rooms are comfortable and sharp-looking, though roomy only if you don't book at the lowest rates. If you're noise-sensitive, ask for a room on a lower floor on the back side of the hotel. The only demerits that have to be handed out to the Mandeville are for the restaurant: the breakfast buffet is limited and lamentable, and the lunch menu might as well be a dinner menu -- it has no light fare.	
Jun 9 2008 	Perfect for a girly weekend	Stayed here during the first May Bank holiday with a friend I hadn't seen in ages. The whole reason for the weekend was to spend time catching up and doing girly things. We arrived quite early on the Saturday and our room wasn't ready whcih was not surprising so we just dumped our bags with the concierge and freshened up in their ladies' room. Reception, although small was lovely and my friend and I loved the decor as it was done in &quot;our colours.&quot; We are both brunettes and tend to wear &quot;jewel&quot; colours such as ruby reds, emerald greens, rich purples, you get the idea, as well as the ubiquitous black. We fell in love with the hotel because it match all our clothes!Concierge was helpful and took our bags and wished us a pleasant afternoons' shopping. We returned about 3 or 4ish and the room was ready. When we went up there we discovered a double when we had emailed and requested a twin so quick phone call to reception and a quick re route by the bell boy we were in a twin. The twin was more spacious and there was enough toom (just) for our bags and shopping. Bathroom was nice and there was a bathtub rather than just a shower which some smaller London hotels have to save space. think the toiletries were Molton Brown.We had planned on trying the bar out but by the time we got back in the evening we were too tired. Looked good though.The hotel is in a great location up from James Street where there are some restaurants with terraces. We had some lovely weather so had drinks in one of the bars until it was time for our show. After the theatre we ate at another of the cafe bars and continued with the drinks.I'd definitely stay here again. The decor is nice. It feels exclusive and decadent and concierge work hard to get taxis and to give advice. It's a friendly place but not overly so in an excellent location.	
Jun 2 2008 	Mandeville was spot on!	I stayed at the Mandeville during my first visit to London and it didn't disappoint. Perfect for a solo woman traveler who is sorta used to the 'finer' things but didn't want to spent a mint (or stay in a hostel!). The room was clean, comfortable and quite posh though small. Staff was excellent the the location couldn't be better. Turn left and be in St. Christopher's Place in 2 seconds. Turn right and be walking up the Marylebone High Street. Highly recommend!	
May 29 2008 	OK but... will not go back.	I've stayed 13 nights at Mandeville from 5/11~5/24, paying close to $400/night, which I believe is close to full pay. To sum it up, hotel was OK but definitely not worth the money. Hotel management needs to learn how to take care of their valued guests. If a person who stays 13 nights with full pay is not a valued guest... then who is? On my last day, I've asked for a late check out. The response I got was that I can have one, yes one extra hour untill 1 pm. Isn't that great? What a unbelievable generosity. After 13 days and $5200, all I've got is 1 extra hour to pack. Very impressive. That would make you want to come back to this place again. right?Also beware. Hotel arranged me a cab and told me that the fare to the airport would be 50 pound flat. However, upon arrival the cab guy insist on 65. I don't know whether this is a isolated case or not, but I have this bad feeling about the bell guys. The hotel is old and tiny. The room itself was OK but also very small. TV is a size of postage stamp. If you ever want to watch TV at the hotel, don't bother. You can't see a damn thing. Hotel doesn't provide you with coffee maker nor tea pot. A bottle of water in the room cost $6. Make sure you pick up some water on the way. I will give this place some points that the room is OK although very small and that it's close to shopping. Also there are lots of cafes righr next to the hotel, which is plus. But would these be worth the money? I say not.	
May 25 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel has an excellent location 5 minutes walk from the Tube and round the corner from Selfridges for those shoppers amongst you.We had originally booked a superior double room and were the offered the option of upgrading for £30 a night. We declined this at first and went up to the room. The room was modern, clean and nicely furnished, however it was rather small, in that there was very little space around the bed. So we decided to go that bit extra nad upgraded to deluxe double. This room was lovely, plenty of space for 2 of us and a large bathroom with seprate shower unit and a bath/shower. The only negative about the room was the lack of tea and coffee. I don't think it's too much to ask when paying that much for a room to get a free cup of coffee. The staff were very friendly, never used the bar or restaurant as there were plenty of places on the same road to eat and drink and have breakfast if you don't fancy paying hotel prices for a fry up. Overall, for London I was pleasantly surprised and would recommend it. Incidentally booking direct with hotel and getting theatre tickets separately was slightly cheaper than the offers on various sites.	
May 17 2008 	Fabulous!	This hotel is as lovely as the pictures. The room was furnished beautifully and the comfort was &quot;Ritz-like&quot; in way of the bedding. Bar very sleek. The entire hotel staff could not have been more accomodating. The Tea was beautiful and personal and the chef came out to inquire on our satisfaction, etc. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone, we loved it!P &amp; P in VA	
May 14 2008 	Very good hotel.	Just had a two night stay at The Mandeville and found it above average by London standards. Staff were friendly, courteous and most helpful. Room (small double for single use) was well-equipped, comfortable, immaculately clean and more spacious than many London hotel rooms I've occupied. Location also excellent, 5 mins from Bond St tube station and a plethera of fab bars and restaurants in the nearby St.Christopher's Place. Just one word of warning - beware of mini-bar prices - higher than the norm and not clearly displayed. Overall very pleasant experience - will definitely stay there again!	
Apr 21 2008 	Mandeville Hotel - Absolutely wonderful.	What a wonderful hotel. The decor, staff, amenities and food were second to none. Felt like royalty all weekend. Locality brilliant for shopping and site seeing.Well done for a breath of fresh air in London!!!G Light	
Apr 21 2008 	Reservation Lost	I often stay in this hotel, I think it is quite nice, although the rooms can be very tiny.This time I was disappointed as my reservation through hrs was not in their system and they demanded a print out of my reservation from me to verify it. As this never happended to me before in any hotel (maybe I've been lucky so far) - I only had a printout with me by pure accident.Then they kept us waiting in the lobby for some 20 mins to verify the reservation.Later I checked with hrs and they said it must be the hotel's fault as the hotel choose email-alert over fax-alert and hrs had sent out the email to the hotel accordingly, as proven in their system.Through this we also did not get the requested twin but had to go for a double room.A not-so-nice experience in an otherwise quite nice hotel.	
Apr 13 2008 	Beautiful Boutique Style Hotel	Fantastic hotel! Very friendly staff and excellent service. All hotel rooms just as featured on their website. We stayed in the twin-bedded superior room. Spotlessly clean and very comfortable. Only 5 minutes walk to Oxford Street and loads of small cafes nearby. BOOK YOUR ROOM VIA THE HOTEL WEBSITE FOR THE BEST INTERNET RATE! WE SAVED HUNDREDS OF POUNDS BY DOING THIS AND HAD A BETTER CHOICE OF ROOM! If you are looking for a quality hotel in the centre of London with great staff and beautiful boutique style surroundings then this is it. This hotel offers a far better service and quality of accommodation than your typical central London hotels. Well worth an extra couple of pounds to stay here. P.S. The Afternoon Tea (although a bit pricey) is great for a special treat. The cakes are to die for!	
Apr 6 2008	Uber cool hotel bar and restaurant	Fantastic central London hotel with impossibly cool DeVille Bar - book this hotel for your girlfriend / boyfriend and be prepared to spend some cash! Cocktails are amazing (costing about £10 each) and the restaurant serves great food. Rooms are very stylish. Perfect London hotel - you can walk everywhere from this hotel which is located in Marylebone.	
Mar 29 2008 	Really great hotel!	My husband and I stayed in this hotel during the Easter holidays,and I would like to say that this hotel is great.Check in was very fast,our room was ready,maybe a little small,but very nice,new and clean,spotless bathroom,also on the small side but ok.Bed linens were changed daily,towels too.Breakfast was really nice,ham cheese,muesli,juice,croissants,coffee,tea,jam,butter...Really enough for a perfect start of your day.Everybody in the hotel were really nice,friendly and ready to help.Hotel is 2 minutes walk from Oxford street,very good location.I really recommend this hotel for your perfect stay in London.	
Mar 28 2008	teeny room nice staff	just stayed at the mandeville acouple weeks ago for work. it's a very nice hotel and in such a wonderful area of london - which i feel is the best part. the immediate neighborhood is wonnnnnderful - the marylebone area, and it is so central i felt to everything. i ended up doing a big walk around the tourist center of london, and everything was in walking distance if you're up for a hearty walk, from the hotel. also the tube is very convenient.the hotel itself is nice. the staff were incredibly nice, friendly, and helpful. my room itself was SO SO small. i know i'm being an annoying american complaining about room, but i live in nyc and i'm used to small! this was SMALL. a foot around the bed and a desk squished in basically. which, honestly was not a problem at all, it was just me, so it was totally fine. cosy even. and the shower was kinda awesome. but two people would be tripping over each other. the decor was nice, except for these overwhelming curtains. but, again, still very nice, and the lobby was nice as well. i would stay there again, definitely, just so i could spend more time in the 'hood.	
Mar 25 2008 	What a fantastic experience	Stayed here for the easter weekend 3 nights and loved it from the minute we entered the building till we left on easter monday.Very friendly check-in and room ready upon arrival at 1 pm !Room was bigger than expected, plenty of room for a city trip, when your room is not much more than your sleeping place. The room was on street side on second floor, but even so, the street is not that busy so the noice level was very acceptable, no problems there.We had the English breakfast booked in our deal and had to wait some 20 minutes but in waiting you could enjoy the continental buffet as well, so no real problem. The hotel was full and there was a little queue on saturday morning as the restaurant was full soon, but on sunday it was already smoother. Everybody did his best to help you as soon as possible.Concierge was very helpfull as well. The bar was quiet in the evening but ever so special and same friendly staff.The treat of our stay we had in the afternoon : we booked a Men's afternoon tea and where treated with the best of the best. Really something to do (you can immediately skip your evening meal)Since the weather wasn't that good it are those things that can make your stay more pleasant, a full score for this !I am not the most easy traveller but when every single person in the hotel is that friendly and helpfull your stay has to be perfect and it was. On my 20 th stay in London i finally found the hotel i want to go back to, the sooner the better. Thank you Mandeville, keep up your standard !!	
Mar 21 2008	Great Hotel	I have just come back from a 3 night stay at the Mandeville. The hotel is situated just a short walk form Oxford Street so is ideal for shopping. The breakfasts were continental and were surprisingly good. Staff in restaurant were excellent. The room was a standard one and was a little small. I also was surprised that there was no tea/coffee facilities in the room. Overall I enjoyed my stay.	
Mar 10 2008	Great!!	Stayed at the Mandeville for one night as a treat away with some girlfriends. Got such a good internet deal that I had very low expectations. The hotel really surprised me, the staff were very pleasant and efficient, the twin room was not as small as I expected and the breakfast was good. There was some outside noise as we were at the front of the hotel, but I put it down to such a fabulously central location.	
Feb 24 2008	Best location in London!	Stayed here for 5 nights and loved it from the moment we checked in.Staff were very helpful and the room was gorgeous as was the funky little bar, but it was the location that was the hands down winner. I block from Oxford street and Bond St tube station, surrounded by major restaurant area - all the makings for a perfect stay.We are already planning our next trip back to the Mandeville.	
Feb 12 2008 	Good Hotel Great Location	I stayed in the Mandeville in February 2008, as I was attending a meeting near Oxford Circus, and this hotel is within easy walking distance of most of central London. The check-in was very efficient, and the standard room very clean. It was at the back of the hotel, and so very quiet, and the bed was comfortable so I slept well. The room was good for a short stay. The room had a desk and chair, and an easy chair, and a wardrobe with a good amount of hanging space and a generous supply of hangers, and the bathroom was small but very modern and spotlessly clean. If I had been staying with a lot of luggage, the room could have been cramped, but that is true for many London hotels, and it was fine as I only had a small suitcase. The breakfast was good, though the service was a bit slow, and it was quite expensive. The coffee was excellent, which made up for the fact that cooked food was cool by the time it arrived. The check-out was efficient, and all the staff very pleasant. The decor is generally modern, though the lifts looked as though they were from the 1950's and were very slow. It was much faster to use the stairs even to an upper floor. I would certainly stay there again as long as I could get a room at the back: I suspect the front of the hotel is busier and noisier, and this was confirmed by the receptionist. The location cannot be beaten and the prices are expensive but comparable to similar London hotels.	
Feb 4 2008 	Good Location but...	We go up to London fairly regularly and the location of the hotel is really important for us. So we booked the Mandeville because it is pretty near Oxford and Regent St etc. It was quiet, clean and quite individual in its decor. Firstly, we were disappointed that although there was a porter/doorman in the lobby, no one offered to help us to the room with our bags (especially as there are 2 lifts that go to different parts of the hotel which caused some confusion..) Anyway, when we eventually found our room we were astounded at how small it was!! We actually found it was easier to get changed one at a time as there wasn't enough room around the bed for both of us!! The bathroom was nice but teeny! And i just don't get the glass bathroom door???? Our friends stayed in a twin room and theirs was a fairly decent size. Ours was just ridiculous and felt like the hotel was trying to cram as many rooms in as possible. Such a shame when the overall effect of the hotel is quite trendy, clean, well appointed and could be a good boutique type - just doesn't quite make it. (also, room didn't have tea/coffee facilities which is a bit mean considering the price). We didn't book breakfast when we booked the room but then our plans changed so we went downstairs wanting a light breakfast and coffee to be told that there was no room!	
Jan 23 2008 	Great Hotel 	Got a great deal on expedia for this hotel.Excellent location - 2 minute walk to selfridges &amp; oxford st.Highly recommended.	
Jan 22 2008 	Nice surprise	I stayed at the Mandeville Hotel for 4 days, 3 nights (17/01-20/01/2008).Service from all personnel was correct and friendly.Rooms, elevators and bathroom are indeed small but nicely decorated - very design.We had a small problem with the room : a lot of draft was coming from the windows and as a result it was a bit chilly in our room.Luckily we solved this by using the little heater that was in the room and the airco (which did not warm a lot).English breakfast was ok - quite a lot of choice and we were able to order anything extra from the menu without extra costs.I would go back to this hotel but then I would opt for a bigger room and bathroom.	
Jan 15 2008	Wierd smell! And whats with the area painted a horrific red!	An odd hotel in my opinion, Rooms are nice and clean but small. Reception area is pretty good too. My issue is with the dark, narrow corridors to get to the rooms and the bizarre area next to the elevators which is painted blood red. We needed to pass through this area several times and it always had an unsavory smell. This was my third stay at the hotel (good value and location) but the horrid smell and bad &quot;feng shui&quot; of this strange bright red part of the hotel mean I won't be returning.	
Jan 13 2008	Pleasant stay but with some problems	We have just returned from a two day stay at the Hotel. The staff were pleasant and helpful and the hotel was spotless. We upgraded to a deluxe room the room was fine but our bathroom was extremely small.We were turned away from the bar as there was a large party there. Not very good for paying guests.The hotel is ideally located for Oxford Street and the shops.We would probably stay there again	
Jan 8 2008 	Average with delusions of grandeur.	OKish London Boutique Hotel, reasonably friendly staff, well decorated. Would return.	
Jan 4 2008 	The Lovely Mandeville...	Great hotel if you are looking for clean, classy accommodation with a funky edge... and with a location which is hard to beat; a good selection of restaurants and the shops of Oxford, Bond and Regent Streets are just a stones throw away. The hotel bar is definitely worth a visit and we were greeted by very friendly, knowledgeable staff... a pleasant change from some other hotels in the boutique category. Upgrade to a deluxe room for a super bathroom with a walk in shower and a separate bath.I am already planning a return trip in the Spring.	
Jan 3 2008 	Good Experience	Stayed at the Mandeville Hotel during Christmas and had a great experience. We booked this hotel on recommendation from friends, but I was a little hesitant due to the many mixed reviews on the website. The staff at the hotel could not have been nicer and more accomodating. Location is nice, right off Oxford Street near Selfridges and M&amp;S, but quiet due to its location at the rear of St. Christopher's Place with several cafes, pubs, and restaurants nearby.The rooms are rather small, but very comfortable with all of the neccesities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others, despite the mixed reviews.	
Jan 3 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	This hotel has fantastic décor, it is very modern and funky but quite dark in their colour choices – we loved it, although it may not be everyones taste.We normally visit London for its shopping and theatre – this hotel is ideal for that.It is a 5 minute walk from Oxford Street and it has a fantastic choice of restaurants practically on its doorstep.All staff that we encountered were extremely pleasant and helpful.One thing I will mention is the size of the room, we opted simply for a standard room and although we loved the décor – we found it to be very small. In saying that, we used this hotel as a two day stop over before flying on to Singapore, so we did have huge suit cases with us and with a generous amount of shopping done – there was very little room for us to manoeuvre about. However, if we visit London again, we would stay in the Mandeville, as the prices seem to be very good and we enjoyed the high standard of accommodation the hotel provided.	
Dec 29 2007 	A nice 	Central location but tucked in an alley which was pretty difficult to find. But hotel decor is nice and staff are friendly. Small but cosy room for me and my husband. The portable water is very soapy though, such that we don't even dare to drink it! But overall nice experience. Worth a stay.	
Dec 3 2007 	Unique Hotel	My friend and husband booked this hotel for my 40th birthday knowing that I would love the decor and individuality. We arrived on the Friday afternoon and throughout our entire stay the hotel staff were friendly, respectful and were very happy to accommodate us in every way. The rooms were small but beautifully designed, the only downfall is there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the rooms. Overall a great hotel and I would definately stay there again.	
Nov 20 2007	A Pleasant Surprise	Given the many varied reviews of this hotel we gave it a try with sometrepidation, but were pleasantly suprised. We booked a one bedroom suite and while it didnt quite look like the pictures on the hotel website, it was well presented, well equipped and very comfotable. We didnt experience any of the the troubles others have had and were really pleased with its location. Just 3 minutes from Oxford Street inone direction and close to Marylebone village in the other, with plenty of good resaurants on every corner. The cafe over the road was unexpectedly modern and fresh with good coffee and great muffins and a great place to start each day. This was really a great place to stayand would recommend others giving it a try.	
Nov 18 2007 	Great hotel in the West End	Just back from a one night stay at the Mandeville Hotel and based upon our experience, we would recommend it unreservedly. The reception staff were polite, attentive and friendly. We had a large, well equipped room, some noise from traffic at night but not the hotel's fault. We chose the continental breakfast and it was excellent. There was a wide range of choices (fruit juices,cereal, fresh fruit, yoghurts, croissants, delicious rolls, cheeses, ham and more) plus tea or coffee.A full English breakfast is available as an (extra cost) alternative but our continental breakfast was so delicious that we were glad we did not pay the extra. The staff were again first class and the general surroundings very nice .In summary, a hotel that will be our first choice when we come to London again. Excellent quality and value for money.	
Nov 16 2007 	Beautiful boutique hotel	I stayed at the Mandeville Hotel after touring Italy for 10 days and it was absolutely wonderful. The room was beautiful and the toiletries were from both Penhaligon's and the White Company. (I loved them so much I bought them at their stores to bring back to New York). The people at the reception desk were very helpful and the concierge were excellent and very friendly. The location could not be more perfect. Very close to fine restaurants and cafes and wonderful stores like Selfridges and Marks and Spencer. I had stayed at the hotel over 10 years ago and I did not recognize it (So elegant). I will definitely be back and hope to return with family members next year. By the way, there is a lovely art museum called the Wallace Collection just minutes away. A must!	
Nov 16 2007 	What a Joke	I live in Marylebone and our boiler broke so we had no heat or hot water with a 4 month old baby so we decided we should get a hotel room for a couple of nights since it was -5 degrees!! Reception was very pleasant, but the rest of the place was indeed HokeyFirstly, I was scalded by the shower each morning. There is something wrong with the plumbing and I think it was not just my room ,412, but endemic throughout the building. I called maintenance and they came and told me to shower at another time - too many people were showering at the same time causing a problem. Since, all other hotels in the area were booked, we had no choice, but continue our stay. The same problem happened later on. I was taking a shower and every couple of minutes scalding hot water would shoot out of the tap and I had to jump away from the water or get burned. Secondly, when I called room service and ask for something off the menu, for example, a pitcher of tap water, they just yes you to death and bring a glass of water. Food portions are small, chips cold, and just not that impressed. Thirdly, the main lifts were broken so had to take the secondary lifts and use a set of small stairs to get into room. Not that big of a deal unless you have a baby, baby carriage, and lots of luggage....Finally, The flat screen tv they brag about in the ad is soooo small. I couldn't watch tv from the bed. Also, we had no tea kettle in the room as promised. I needed a tea kettle to boil water for baby food!!  Anyway, all in all I knew what I was getting into bc I have family and colleagues who stay in hotels in the area so I have read these tripadvisor reviews when helping them choose a place to stay so I knew this hotel was sub par. Unfortunately, it was the only hotel in the area with availability ( we now know why!) Jurys Ford around the corner is cheaper and much more comfortable! Stefan the hotel manager did give me 30gbp off per night for the shower issue but thats a equivalent to a bucket of water in niagra falls	
Nov 13 2007 	Misleading	I spent the evening in this hotel on the 31st. I specifically booked a &quot;deluxe&quot; double room as the website states ' Separate walk-in shower&quot;. Alas my 'separate walk- in shower' was no where to be found , but i did find a rather cramped bathroom . It's a nice hotel, but i did feel a little cheated ( I am a Londoner and now how small rooms can be) I did have to confirm with the unfriendly, chaotic receptionthat this was the 'Deluxe&quot; room. I have even sent them an email since, but have had no response as obviously return customers are not part of there vision. And one other thing, the Lcd TV's are rather pointless as you can really only see them if you are standing 6 inches away. We tried to watch a pay per view movie from the bedbut gave up as it was like sitting in the back row and Wembley. We also opted for the afternoon tea, which looked great but was let down by the waitress's who ahd know idea about tea, serving it cold and without letting it brew. Best avoide, especially if you know what's what in London, this could be the hotel equivalent of the Aberdeen Angus Steakhouse.	
Nov 3 2007 	Good Location	Stayed one night at Mandeville room was comfortable, if a bit small, excellent location. Lots of cafes, restaurants, bars literally on the doorstep, close to tube and theatres.Found the service very good, friendly and helpful. Excellent bar, the Mandeville cocktail is gorgeous highly recommended.On the downside the breakfast was a bit sparse, not a great deal of choice, could do better especially for the price.	
Oct 31 2007 	Lovely location shame about the food	We took our mums to London to see a show etc and booked The Mandeville at a special rate through Bookings.com. The location of the Hotel was fabulous, five mins walk from Oxford Street wth all the Marlybone High Street shops nearby. It cost £7 by Taxi to get to the theatre, and £10 to the station so very central.The hotel is meticulously clean and modern, with a kind of rococo meets Starck design. Reception staff, in fact all staff, were friendly, helpful and polite - we even checked in early with no grumbles.Our rooms were a double, which was small but nicely decorated, and two petite doubles, one with disabled access, which were only a tiny bit smaller than our double. All beds were comfy but our room was boiling even with the window open. The noise levels were minimal, just the average corridor and toilet flushing etc. We booked a table in the restaurant and although the staff tried hard, it was badly organised and the food and service did not reflect the prices. Wine was too expensive for the calibre of what was offered - so I would suggest that lovely though the surroundings may be - to get out and walk down Wigmore Lane for a better choice and value. Breakfast was extorionate and we waited far too long - there are coffee shops close by open in the morning for better value. I would book to stay here again at the rate we were offered - it was good service and we did feel well looked after.	
Oct 29 2007 	Too bad the service is miserable cause the location is great!!	I stayed at the Mandeville the last time I visited London. It was a business-trip, and my company's HQ is very close to the Mandeville. But being a young, single woman, I was treated very poorly by the staff. Guess I didn't look &quot;important&quot; enough. And from other reviews, it seems that this hotel doesn't appreciate young guests.The doorman ignored me, and when I asked for luggagestorage, they actually made me feel embarrassed to ask. Very strange experience...I had to wait 20 minutes to be seated for breakfast, and when finally seated I was completely ignored by staff. Everbody around me got whatever they wanted (after raising their hands, making them look like pupils) but after fifteen minutes I actually went into the pantry and got juice, coffee etc for myself. My advice is to not order breakfast. It was definetely not worth the price!The interiours and location is great, but I think you have to be a bit older than me (25) to be treated with respect!	
Oct 28 2007 	not thrilled with the mandeville	We took a chance on the Mandeville because the reviews seemed OK, the location good, and the price OK for what it was supposed to offer.My feeling leaving the hotel is that the service is just spotty. sometimes excellent - sometimes WAY off. the rooms are really nice. we had a junior suite, which was not large by any means, but very comfortable. bed firm, bedding very nice, bathroom very hip. there was no storage in the room, save an armoir-ish type of thing, but since we were staying for a week, it really didn't allow us to unpack properly. there were no drawers. we lived out of a suitcase for a week, which i don't enjoy while travelling. same in the bathroom, very cool looking, but no room to put &quot;your things&quot;. everything went back into the toiletry bag in the morning and at night.staff was good and bad. one concierge - ian - was fantastic. others didn't know restaurants, directions, etc. granted, london is a big city, but we were asking about some of the best known places/restaurants in the city and some of the fellows we talked to clearly hadn't heard of the places we were talking about. odd for a hotel in this price range.the bar is fantastic. very cool decor. one bartender, from milan, made our stay extremely fun. we stopped a few nights for a nightcap, he always remembered what we wanted to drink, etc. others, on the nights our italian friend wasn't working were disinterested and acted as if it was a bother to make a drink.the only experience we had with the food at this hotel was that we learned that room service is not available until 7:00 am. on our departure date, we were leaving the hotel at 7:00 so coffee was not an option. i imagine that a business traveler, trying to get up and out in the morning, would struggle with this.location is fantastic. as others have said, a few minutes from the bond street station; restaurants, shopping, and pubs everywhere, a nice walk to the mayfair. we enjoyed london, and our stay was by no means unpleasant, but we would not stay in the madeville again. for the money, or perhaps just a little more, better service is available in london.	
Oct 23 2007	lovely hotel great location	stayed in this hotel for a night recently. the rooms were really lovely and comfortable and had nice features. very quiet too! bar staff very nice, only small quibble would have been the reception staff bit disorganised/not very friendly. The location of the hotel is absolutely fantastic. within 10 minutes walk from Bond st tube station, just off oxford street beside a wonderful street (james st) filled with a variety of restaurants..french, italian, spanish etc.	
Oct 22 2007	Pokey rooms great location grossley overpriced	Great location and a great bar, but otherwise little to recommend it.Rooms too small to swing a proverbial cat, and a bathroom well past its designer best....and boy did I pay through the nose for a late booking.	
Oct 9 2007 	Accessability and value	My wife and i stayed for 3 nights in September and found the hotel to be clean, tidy and well managed. The location is excellent ( Marylebone)for discovering London, with breakfasts satisfactory and the tariff reasonable ,given the costs of london accomodation.Room was acceptable albeit small and staff are helpful. We reviewed 7 or 8 hotels in this region and were unable to get into our preferred one but this was an acceptable substitute. If you want reasonable to good accom. in the heart of London at an affordable price this is a good choice.	
Sep 12 2007 	my eventful stay at the Mandeville hotel	Searched the internet for a hotel in the Bond Street area and came across the Mandeville which seemed very cheap considering the star rating. I personally prefer smaller hotels as I feel it is more personal than the larger hotels where you become a number rather than a person.On arrival at the hotel, I was greeted by a very helpful man in a red coat at the door. I was shown to the check in desk where the wait was okay, and was given a room number and card as the receptionist pointed to the lift and told me which floor to go to. After asking a few questions and getting very few abrupt answers, I felt the person behind the desk couldn't wait to get rid of me.The room was pleasant. After settling in I found a few things not working and phoned reception who promised to pass my comments to maintenance. A man arrived at my door and was pleasantly suprised that he knew my name! I told him about my TV not working (it was only unplugged) and I couldn't access the internet on my lap-top. The maintenance chap was very helpful in showing me how to use the internet and how to change my computer settings.On thhe first morning, I was woken up by lots of foreign voices outside my door, upon investigation it appears that they were cleaners.On the second day I decided to visit the bar after a hard meeting, and was served by a Spanish sounding chap who I found to be very pleasantly and made my drink much more enjoyableThe rest of my stay was uneventful.I would recommend the hotel to my friends and colleagues as the hotel was enjoyable.	
Aug 30 2007 	The best staff!	Okay, so it was quite a while ago that I stayed in this hotel, but I just recently began writing reviews and the Mandeville Hotel has never left my mind.The hotel was nearly full and we booked for a last minute trip to London. We ended up with a fairly small room, but it was very quiet and the bed was extremely comfortable, compared to the ones we have here in Greece, and I slept like a baby all through the night. I also found the marble bathroom to be quite nice and nearly as large as the bedroom itself.Each morning we ate breakfast in the hotel. They have excellent coffee and a nice selection of fruits, cheeses, meats, cereals and pastries, along with a larger 'hot breakfast' menu if you should care for anything else at an additional cost.The hotel is in a wonderful location for walking around to shops, restaurants and the tube. Each evening when we returned to the hotel, we stopped in the bar for a nightcap. After the first night the bartender remembered our names and drinks and sent them over before we could barely sit down! Very nice barmen!Overall, we found the staff to be so gracious and friendly, from the doormen helping with our bags and taxis, to the front desk checking us in, to the concierge helping with restaurants and concert reservations. Not sure if Gary is still there, but he was very memorable in his eagerness to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. Great guy!All I can say is the only downside would be their roomservice wine selection, and knowledge of it, but that isn't so bad.The next time I'm in London I won't hesitate for a second to book this hotel!	
Aug 29 2007 	Good location a bit pretentious	We booked with last minute.com and got the double for 2 nights for £238. The hotel is in a really perfect location nr lots of small cafes restaurants and al fresco dining, just a couple of mins walk to Bond St tube and Selfridges. The room itself was smaller than others we have had for less money. Nice decor. No tea or coffee. Very small bathroom with dodgy hot/cold control on taps and shower and also intermittent pressure, the shower also floods the bathroom and you can't shut the bathroom door properly. We were on the 8th floor- nice and light and also very quiet.Staff- reception are brusque but concierges were helpful. Not the most professional as were heard criticising other clients openly. All in all- good spot, room for improvement and a bit ponsy.	
Aug 24 2007 	Donnie Darko hotel is always good	I don't like giving this hotel a good review, as I'm afraid word will get out, and I won't be able to get a room here at a good price anymore, but I must give credit where it's due. I got a rate of around £130/night including continental breakfast, on Aboutrooms.com. The hotel website also has special prices, but they don't include breakfast, and they're about £15 dearer. Someone told me to always try ringing any hotel direct for better rates, but that doesn't work here. When I rang, they told me all the cheaper rooms were booked out, and offered me a much dearer room. I declined, and succesfully booked the cheaper room online. I didn't like that, but I think that reservation line was at a central location, not in the hotel. Maybe they're on commission?It's in a very handy location, just behind Oxford Street, about 5 minutes walk from Bond Street tube station. You can get here in an hour from Heathrow airport with only one change on the tube, for just a few pounds, saving big money on a taxi/other train. The immediate area around the hotel is full of lovely restaurants, serving all kinds of food. The hotel's own restaurant is very nice too, look out for the Donnie Darko rabbit/alien thingy in the corner!Anytime I've stayed, it's been in a &quot;superior double&quot;, as the hotel calls it. They are always in lovely condition, and immaculately clean. The beds are big and very comfortable, and this time, there was even a nightly turn down maid, to check the room, and fix the bed up, and leave us two little mints. One complaint would be that the tv is very small, maybe 19&quot;, if even that, no 40&quot; plasmas here. Also, the range of channels isn't great, but when everything else is so good, you don't really mind. The marble bathrooms are also in great condition, and spotless, which is great, as nothing puts me off a room quicker than a manky bathroom. This time, I did experience a shower with rising/falling pressure, but it wasn't by much, and it had plenty of power overall. My rooms have always been nice and quiet, not much sound from neighbouring rooms gets through. This time though, there was an electric hum noise coming from the wall behind the bed, but not bad enough to request a change.The staff, in my experience are excellent. They always say hello as you go through reception, and are very helpful. I've stayed here several times, and every time, it's been good, leaving me with the feeling that I can just book and forget, and don't need to spend hours poring over this Tripadvisor website hoping I don't book a dump. All in all, I'd say this is a genuine 4 star hotel, and if you see a good price, just book it and enjoy.	
Aug 23 2007 	Didn't love it didn't hate it.	First of all, we had booked a twin room and ended up with a double, but this might be because of the travel agency, although they claim it's the hotel that messed it up.My biggest problems with the hotel were:a) The paperthin walls - you could clearly hear the people in the adjacent rooms, b) the size of the room - we didn't have enough room for the 2 suitcases to be on the floor opened, c) the lack of basics such as a small table to lay your suitcase on - not that there was room for it - or a toilet brush (!!!) or a toilet door that could close (!!!), d) the lack of free internet access in the rooms - they charged 5.50 POUNDS per hour when the average cost at an internet cafe is around 1 pound per hour. They provided free wireless access at the reception, but one had to use the internet sitting in the midst of people carrying suitcases coming and going. The wireless signal was so tight, one couldn't go a room further without losing it. e) the selection at breakfast was tiny, although I have to admit that all the pastries were very tasty. Sometimes the staff took forever to bring the coffee as well as the toast that one had to order - I imagine so that it would be made warm. And the toast never was warm!f) the staff was not warm or friendly (with a few exceptions). Most of them seemed to think they needed to carry themselves in a way that would match the hotel's excessive design, so there was an uncomfortable stiffness on most of them. (unless you were spanish I think, since most of the staff were).	
Aug 20 2007	I want to go back!!!	Me and my mum spent 2 fantastic nights in this hotel. I admit that there were a couple of minor inconveniences but we let them fly straight over our heads because the staff more than made up for them. The decor is lovely and bright throughout the hotel. Dont worry about the glass bathroom door - it isn't clear so people can't see through. Each evening the maid provided a weather forecast for the next day along with chocolates which was a lovely touch. The spirits are a little pricey but they are 50ml (double) measures. I did find one of the 2 drinks I had stronger and more enjoyable though so maybe some of the staff serve measures they feel are approximate to 50ml.We ate at their DeVille restaurant and had a fantastic meal. It was quiet while we were there but we preferred that. 2 courses for £18 or 3 for £23!!! I had the lamb with veg and sliced potatoes and then cherry parfait with a coating of white and dark chocolate. Yum!! Superb food, presentation, service, atmosphere and great prices. Highly recommended!I also recommend Waggamama's (turn left outside hotel reception, right at the lights and you will see it on the left). What an experience. Its like one big canteen. This place was always busy and clearly very popular. The service was quick as was the turnaround so not the best place for a leisurely meal but we certainly enjoyed lunch there. Try the duck and leek dumplings. The best thing I have tasted in a while. Reasonable prices too at approx £7 per dish.The location of the hotel is brilliant. Just a 5 minute stroll to Bond St tube and Oxford Street with lots in between. I will be going back to this hotel simply because the staff were so wonderful. I could not fault a single one of them. A special mention has to go to Richard, Kenny and Antonio.I can't praise this hotel and the staff highly enough.	
Jul 27 2007 	Great hotel great location	We booked this hotel using our airmiles to stay overnight for the live earth concert before reading the reviews! As 1 night only cost £50 we decided to stick with the hotel and hope that things had changed. We arrived at 10am, way before the normal check in time, but this was not a problem and, without being asked, a room was made ready for us straight away. Wonderful after being up since 5am!The room was small, but similar size to the one we stayed in earlier this year at the Waldorf. It was however THE QUIESTEST ROOM WE HAVE EVER STAYED IN IN LONDON, NO OUTSIDE NOISE AND NO NOISE FROM OTHER GUESTS. We had a fantastic nights sleep. Would highly recommend, particularly our room, no 806.The only downside was the slow lift and the lack of tea and coffee making facilities. Highly recommended	
Jul 18 2007 	Stylish and well located Hotel	As with other recent comments on this website, I was very surprised about the negative comments about service at this hotel as we found all staff extremely welcoming, helpful and efficient, particularly the excellent doorman! The room itself was a good size for this part of London (Deluxe double), and exceptionally clean and stylish. Only downside was the lack of iron/trouser press and no tea/coffee making,but you can live with that for a night or 2!The location was perfect, in a nice quiet part of London, just away from some lovely restaurants and cafes in Marylebone village. We'd booked for 1 night as were going to see a show in Piccadilly Circus and decided to walk there, was only 15-20 minutes and a nice walk through some lovely shopping areas. Regarding prices in the bar, yes I agree, very expensive when you pay £18 for 2 large G&amp;Ts, but again, it is London! Continental breakfast was inclusive in our package, and was superb, definitely plenty to set you up for a day out.Overall, very pleased with the Hotel and would definitely return.	
Jun 27 2007 	Loved the Mandeville	Just back after staying one night in the Mandeville and will return. Check in was prompt and soon we were in a lovely bright airy corner room that had every convenience we needed. The hotel is on a lovely quiet road but only a few short steps from Oxford street. The concierge was very helpful and recommended a restaurant nearby for dinner which was lovely.We will return to this hotel.	
May 30 2007 	Lovely hotel in great location	I wholeheartedly agree with the review posted on 27 My 2007. This is a lovely hotel and some of the previous comments baffle me.The hotel is in an ideal location - a taxi from Kings Cross took less than 10 minutes and cost £5.60. It is a couple of minutes walk to Oxford Street and Bond Street Tube station. There are several bars, cafes and restaurants in the local area.The rooms are pleasantly furnished and modern - they look exactly like the pictures on the hotel's website. Toiletries from The White Company are provided. The Air con works well - our room was initially too warm but the air con soon sorted this out. There is a mini bar and room service, both of which cost extra. There isn't a tea or coffee machine provided which is unusual - coffee from room service cost £3.00. I stayed room only so I cannot comment on the quality of the breakfast, but I believe it costs £15.00. Instead I went to a french deli down the road and had breakfast there. I also did not try the restaurant or bar.The staff were very helpful and always greeted you with a smile. The concierge went running down the street in the pouring rain to flag down taxis, and the next day came over straight away to help us with our bags.I did get a good deal on the internet rather than booking directly with the hotel - if I had paid the hotel's asking price then I would probably have expected a little more, but otherwise I cannot fault this hotel at all.	
May 27 2007 	Superb - Shocked as was expecting a terrible stay.	I had booked for one night as I was going to the theatre with my mother. We requested a First Floor room as do not use lifts. I then read reviews and wished I hadnt booked, BUT to the contrary from check in to check out, the stay was perfect. The reception staff were curtious and gracious and carried our bags up the stairs. The room was superb, as were the facilities. Beds were blissfully comfortable. That evening in the rain the consierge ran to Wigmore street to hail us a cab to Shaftesbury AvenueWe took our own bottled water as we had read that thier are no facilities to have refreshments in the room. We didnt touch the mini bar but would never do so anyway, as expect prices to be exorbitant anywhere. Only real negative was that the room was a little warmer than we would have liked.We would return to this hotel again. The location cannot be beaten as you are just 3 minutes walk to the centre of Oxford Steet and the staff at the Mandeville were delightful.	
May 21 2007 	Style over substance and a huge attitude problem	We stayed here for one night on a Saturday, ate in the restaurant and spent a small fortune in the very expensive bar.Decor is very funky and rooms are clean but that's about the only things this place has got going for it.Room extremely small, but that wasn't the problemThe service level at this hotel is quite frankly appaling. It starts OK on check in, but goes downhill fast from there. The restaurant staff are absolutely hopeless. One example is that we ordered side vegetables with the meal which didn't arrive, then when we reminded them we got four times the amount we had ordered. It took several attempts for them to get our order taken in the first place, we were told by our waitress that she 'didn't really know what she was doing, or about the food as she usually worked in the bar'. Well at least she was honest! The staff have quite poor English language which I know can be a problem in London, but really this was too much. Breakfast was a joke. No-one explained how the system worked and you had to request everything at least twice. The orange juice had run out by about 9.45am (breakfast runs to 11.00), then the apple ran out and finally the pineapple. While we were sat sticking our hands in the air endlessly for every single bit of breakfast (including the basics such as tea and coffee) there was also what appeared to be a new staff tour going on. We were pointed and stared at as various groups of young people were brought in and the decor discussed.To add insult to injury, we went for a walk round the area (its in a fantastic location can't disagree with that) we entered the hotel only to be stopped by some man not in uniform who simply said &quot;Yes??&quot; while blocking our way to reception. When we looked at him and said 'What's it to you?' he raised his voice to us and very rudely said &quot;Are you guests? Security check - for your benefit&quot;. Only later did we find out he's the manager. I think that says it all. We left feeling angry at our treatment. This hotel really thinks its something special, but I'm afraid its not.	
Apr 29 2007 	Lovely Hotel - Exceptional level of service	Having also read the poor reviews from this hotel and having already booked it we were rather worried when we arrived. However our stay was great , the staff could not do more for us. Very attentive and accomodating. Amazing decor of the hotel in general and although the rooms were small (often are in boutique hotels) they were designed to a very high level. The reception staff were friendly as well as the bar ,restaurant and concierge staff.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will certainly be staying again soon.	
Apr 25 2007 	much better than we anticipated	Having read the many quite damning reviews (particularly regarding the staff) after we had booked and paid for the hotel we were expecting the worst. However from the minute the concierge opened our taxi door on arrival, until the time he found us our taxi on departure we were treated with the utmost courtesy and friendliness by all staff.We were offered an upgrade room which we declined. The room allocated was, as mentioned by other reviewees, VERY small. However it was functionable, clean, well decorated and maintained and perfectly adequate for a couple of nights. I am not sure if the upgrade rooms are bigger.The big selling point of the hotel is the location, and if you want to be near Oxford Street it is fantastic. Close enough to unload some of your shopping during the day! Also there are so many bars, restaurants, cafes, pubs etc within very close proximity, you are spoiled for choice! For this reason and the friendly and courteous approach of all staff we met we would definitely return.	
Apr 19 2007 	Pretty decent stay	Myself and my wife stayed here for one night. We picked this hotel because of the location, and yes it has excellent location. The reception staff were a bit cold alright but that didn't bother me. The porter and concierge made up for it, they were very helpful and nice.The room was very small, even though we booked a superior double (I would have liked to have seen a standard double!). Decor wise, I can't fault it. Bathroom was tiny though but the shower was very nice and lots of hot water.The bed was quite uncomfortable though, my back was aching the following morning.We did not eat at the hotel, I preferred to wander around the area to find some nice eateries. In saying that I would actually stay at this hotel again, the location is spot on and rooms clean and quiet.	
Apr 18 2007 	Nice Hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Mandeville for three nights in early March, and we both enjoyed our stay. The location was perfect, in a nice area with plenty of shops, bars, and restaurants within walking distance. It was also a short walk from the Bond St tube station, and we wheeled our luggage up the street fairly easily. The hotel was clean, and the staff were very nice. The reviews about the glass door on the bathroom were true, and it was a little weird but not a problem as long as it's not a first date. The room was pretty small but what we expected and not a problem for the price and location. I left my coat in the room after checkout and the staff was very helpful in shipping it back to me in the US. I would recommend this hotel to others and would stay there again.	
Mar 26 2007 	People Beware *Please Read*	As you may have already read in other reviews how bad this hotels is ... it's Very True.Me and my partner went to London for a so called romantic break, which was not to be, as we couldn’t wait to get out of the hotel fast enough!!!!!!Seeing as we paid £300 for 2nights and then upgrade was offered when we arrived for another &amp; £50 there’sNot even Tea and coffee in your rooms. But the rooms décor and clearness I have to say you could not fault.But still not worth the price !!!As a young couple I was appalled at the way we felt discriminated against, so other young couples bee aware!!! We felt we were looked down noses at by themone night we asked if the concierge could get us a taxi and a tell us what romantic restaurants there was and if he could book us in, But oh no he's reply was&quot; Taxies you can get out side and restaurant I don't know what’s any good&quot; then shrugged his shoulders and walked off How Rude!!!!Be also warned that the price of the drinks in the barMartini &amp; Lemon and Vodka &amp; Coke- £19.00 all staff apart from doorman and cleaners are very polite. Breakfast we had to wait 20mins to get seated , to then be seated and left, basically you had to stick your arms up like at school to be served!!!I had to ask for tea, coffee and toast, my partner asked for a full English to still be waiting 40mins later which the waiter ignoring us as he walked passed.But yet all older couples were being offered by the manger if they wanted a full English!!!!! To then also to here the staff being shouted at by a manger while getting the rubbish continental on the second morning!!!!!What can I say please stay clear!!!!!!!	
Mar 20 2007 	Apalling Attitude	This hotel has some definite attitude problems! The maids and bellboys were very efficient, polite and friendly, but the reception staff; dear lord! They have such an obnoxious attitude.They did not make you feel welcome in the slightest, just gave you a cold reception as if you did not belong there. The room was small and the shower constantly went hot then cold which was not enjoyable, and there was no lock on the bathroom door. We got shown to our table in the morning, yet had no contact after that. No one brought us any tea/coffee and we had to ask twice. It took about half an hour to arrive. The food is rather poor too.The beds in the rooms are comfortable and the concierge do help with directions etc and the hotel is in a brilliant location - just off Oxford Street.However, I would not book this hotel again as it most definitely NOT value for money. And the reception from the staff is absolutely appalling. The other reviews are right. Whilst this hotel does have some positives, it didn't weigh out the negatives. Don't ignore the reviews and visit like I did, it really is a poor hotel for the standard they think they deserve.	
Mar 2 2007 	great hotel	Stayed one night mid week with my daughter. Got reasonable B&amp;B rate via lastminute.com for a twin room. Reception staff were very friendly and efficient both at check in and check out. We arrived early, but the room was ready so we were able to check in straight away. Room was fine, very clean, nice furnishings and reasonable size. Buffet breakfast was good - plenty of staff on duty and attentive to coffee re-fills etc. Good range of fruits, cold meats, cheeses and pastries etc.Location is fabulous, all the staff were very friendly and helpful. I would certainly stay here again and would highly recommend.	
Mar 1 2007	superb hotel great location	My partner and I booked for 3 nights directly with the hotel, and because it was a last minute booking, thought we'd pay full price for the room. However, when I called to make the booking the reservation staff was able to give me a discounted rate for the standard double room. When we got there, the lobby was clean and beautifully decorated with fresh flowers. The gentleman who checked us in was very helpful and because we hadn’t seen the room before hand happily took us on a quick tour of the rooms available. We saw the standard double on the 8th floor which had really great views of London. Understandably it’s not overlooking the Nile or something magnificent, but as a Londoner, living at street level, it’s always great to have a city view. It was a bit small but good enough. We were also showed the jnr suite, gorgeous and the deluxe double which we is he offered at only £25 more, so we upgraded. GREAT TIP: ask for room 412 if you're booking a deluxe double. It’s the corner room and much larger than other deluxe doubles and with a nice view of an old church across the street. The stay was very pleasant and staff very helpful. Unlike other reviews none of the staff rude or aggressive.  ANOTHER GREAT TIP: in the lobby there is a doorway just at the pink dresser, which leads to what seems like a secret passage (all red carpets and red decorative highlights) through to a sumptuous Lebanese restaurant &quot;Levant&quot;.It isn’t associated with the hotel but accessed from the lobby (or for the less adventurous, its front entrance is on the side of the building.) for all those who don’t like the ambiance of the hotel bar, give this a go. Also seeing that the hotel decided to anticipate the smoking ban on London on 1st July, by banning smoking throughout, it’s another good reason to sneak over to Levant and have a shisha (perfumed tobacco pipes).I think its best to understand that reviews should always be taken with a pinch of salt (hey! probably even this one!) because the people leaving them tend to have different taste and expectations. Many aspects of the reviews are negative, but I’ve had a great time and would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Feb 22 2007 	Terrible attitude	Check in was problamatic with the staff not being able to find our booking. Check out took over 20 minutes as our room had been charged for a mini bar bill - and we had no minibar in our room!!Our room was not ready when we arrived so we waited in the bar, only to be told to remove our luggage from the bar area by the manager - he was extremely rude. Perhaps if out room had been ready or a cloakroom / porter arranged our luggage would not have been in the bar.The hotel rooms were very small with a glass bathroom door which was a little embarrassing when sharing a room with friends.The air conditioning was broken so our room was freezing cold. There was also constant banging from the system all through the night, so we did not have much sleep.Whilst drinking in the bar, a small group of people adjacent to ourselves were forced to leave as one of their party was about to smoke a pipe. However we were allowed to smoke cigarettes??? It is therefore not suprising that the bar was rather dull and lifeless.I would never stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 21 2007 	Disappointing and a waste of money	This hotel was a disappointment from arrival to departure. The hotel staff (with the exception of the concierge) were rude and unhelpful. The General Manager was downright rude and unpleasant, to both guests and his staff which made for an uncomfortable time. The bar is lovely to look at but lacks any ambience whatsoever, and the drinks are overpriced. The restaurant again is beautiful to look at but don't bother eating here - the food is bland and the kitchen can not provide an acceptable rare steak - abissmal, and not helped by the bored and incompetant staff. If you have a problem with your room such as malfunctioning a/c - do not expect any help as there are maintenance staff. My advice is go somewhere else.	
Feb 21 2007 	Steer Well Clear Unless You Enjoy Being Treated Like a 2nd Class Citizen!	Our stay at this hotel was supposed to be memorable. Advertising themselves as a sister hotel to Pendley Manor Hotel in Tring (which incidentally is gorgeous with fantastic service) we were promised a lovely stay. Not so! The weekend was ruined almost immediately upon arrival. Whilst waiting to check in we went to the DeVigne Bar to get a drink and to sit down (two of the party being pregnant and wishing to rest after our journey). Having sat down, we became aware of the General Manager barking orders at another member of staff. If became apparent that he was extremely upset that we had our luggage (which consisted of 6 overnight bags) in the bar area.Two of our party stood up to move it and were approached by the General Manager who aggressively growled - and I quote – “Move your luggage – this is an upmarket hotel – I do not want your luggage in this bar”. His abruptness, rudeness and complete lack of tact was so offensive that had we thought it would be easy to find another hotel and we would not be charged for leaving this one, we would have left straight away. Bearing in mind the bar was empty and our luggage was not cluttering the walkways I do not see how our luggage was a problem. Indeed, had we been told we could not take luggage into the bar we would not have done. Every time he saw us after this incident he sneered at us making everyone feel incredibly uncomfortable.We were staying on the “Memorable Occasion” deal which admittedly was a good price. However, the evening meal in the DeVille Restaurant was poor and not up to scratch of a “four star hotel”. Had we been paying full price we would have been very disappointed. The staff in the DeVigne Bar were also rude. Having adjourned there after our meal, we ordered some (overpriced) drinks including two coffees and were practically reprimanded for not having ordered them in the restaurant. My sister and I felt like naughty school children who should have known better.Despite of all this, the hotel décor was beautiful and the majority of the staff including the check-in staff and the concierges were a credit to an otherwise shameful hotel. I have travelled around the world and stayed in many different star hotels – many much more luxurious than this and have NEVER EVER been treated so offensively by such obnoxious people. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy – unless of course you like to be treated like a second class citizen – our experience ruined an otherwise fun weekend and I would never come back to this hotel.	
Feb 21 2007 	Nice Decor but Shoebox!	We tried to get a reasonable rate for the hotel and tried to book direct to be told that there was only one superior left and you should pay the extra and get a deluxe for another £30. I nearly fell for it but with such a choice of hotels, I thought I'd try a few of the hotel booking firms online. Next day, hey presto got a superior room with breakfast for £10 cheaper than the room only price online and through their telephone reservations.The hotel is in a great and easy to get to location, good cafes, good bars and restaurants around and a quick Tube journey to the tourist nightlife should you wish. Rooms were nicely finished with good quality furnishings and fittings, but they were small................just enough space to get around the bed on all sides and a bathroom more like a downstairs cloakroom! That aside as I noted the finishing and hygiene was excellent. On the downside, do not drink what looks like to be a complimentary bottle of wine left out! Is is not and £17.50 for a half bottle! Ouch to the unwary. (A good range of shops locally sell much cheaper)The Breakfast was good but the service was poor. They ran around after the guests who were paying extra on top of their hotels rooms for breakfast, whilst we were left feeling second class with at least 4 trips of the waiters/waitresses past us and then having to wave to get their attention to order toast and tea! Other than that, for the money we paid we cannot complain.	
Feb 19 2007 	Lifeless shell with obnoxious staff	The hotel decor is lovely but looks can be deceiving. The General Manager is rude and obnoxious. Even to the point of implying my friends and I were not good enough to stay at his hotel. Staff are unorganised and dismissive. The hotel bar and restaurant are both lifeless and overpriced. Do not waste your money on this hotel.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great location shame about the staff...	This hotel has a lot going for it - great location, surprisingly good restaurant, decent rooms and superb concierge service. However, the rest of the staff are generally abysmal. We had booked a B &amp; B rate, but were challenged about this, in the dining room. As we had our booking details we were able to &quot;prove&quot; that the rather plain and very overpriced breakfast was already paid for. No word of an apology from anyone, mind. The bar is rather strange , very expensive and doesn't serve drinks after midnight, even if you're a resident (which I've never heard of before). Despite it's great location, I wouldn't stay here again and would recommend that the two concierges find jobs in other hotels, as they deserve better.	
Feb 5 2007 	Lovely Hotel Great Location!	Stayed here with my partner at the end of January 2007 for a weekend away (paid £130 for 1 night for a twin/double room, booked through an online holiday company).Absolutely loved the interior of the Hotel, its so well designed and so unusual and contemporary and seemed very new and clean! Loved the interior of the Restaurant and the bar especially. Drinks in the bar were quite expensive (i.e. £8 for a bottle of beer and a glass of juice) but what we expected for a hotel in central London. Breakfast was included in our stay and it was very nice. A buffet of different cereals, yogurts, fruits, breads/rolls/toasts, jams, ham/salami cheeses, juices, tea/coffee etc. It was very nice and very filling!The room was an average size and was very well decorated and comfortable. Mini bar had lots of choice and fairly priced. Bathroom nice and clean. Unlike what I was expecting after reading some of the reviews on here before I went. The glass shower door was fine and did not cause the bathroom to overflow (maybe they have changed the doors since some of the last reviews were left) and the door to the bathroom was frosted glass so I thought it was quite a nice design, you could not see through the door.All of the staff we dealt with during our stay were very helpful and polite.The location of the hotel was fabulous! Lots of lovely cafes/restaurants on our street which were open day and night. The mediterranean restaurant served beautiful food at very reasonable prices (just a shame the service wasn't that great).The street the hotel is on is one of the streets off Oxford Street, right by Selfridges and Bond Street Tube station ( about 3-5 Min's walk from the hotel).In general a great hotel, and we would stay there again!A few pics of our room:(have a look at the website for some more photos:[-])	
Jan 28 2007 	Very nice but not value for money	We had a mid week stay which cost us £109 booked through airmiles for a £350 room. The room was equipped to a high standard, but extremely small and I would have felt aggrieved if I had paid £350 for it. The location is fantastic though in a fantastic part of London with great shops and restaurants nearby. Only drink in the Hotel bar if you're feeling wealthy!	
Jan 22 2007 	Perfect location ok hotel	Booked the hotel through their website. It was a great location, close to Bond Street underground station, and all the shops. Loads of restaurants and bars around the area too.Room was small and the bathroom door was just a sheet of frosted glass - no privacy if you are sharing with a friend really. But it was clean. The pillows were lovely but i didn't sleep well for both nights, not sure if it was the bed though. The TV was a pain to use and most of the channels didn't work. Lifts took ages to come and one night didn't work at all. Doormen are very friendly and helpful. Bar looks great, but we had the most expensive drink ever there - £9 for a gin and tonic. The restaurant was good, and there is a 3 course specials menu for only £23 ifyou can't afford the other menu.	
Jan 17 2007 	Great room great location	Booked a deluxe room via lastminute.com for £130 and at reception was offered an upgrade to a junior suite for £30 (also managed to get 2 continental breakfasts included as well - worth £30 on their own!). Well worth the upgrade, friends staying the same night had a superior room and the words 'couldn't swing' and 'cat' sprang immedietly to mind.Further to reviews I'd read prior to our stay I was anticipating a fairly horrendous welcome, but on the whole found it fine and friendly, the reception staff I have to say were pretty faultless. They looked after our bags after checkout so we could enjoy a day in London without being lumbered with them, and one of the door staff half killed himself running up the road to hail us a taxi. That said the DeVille bar staff (and prices!) were not that pleasant (£1.25 service charge for opening 2 small bottles of beer and not even a smile!).The room was great, nice and roomy fantastic bed, really comfortable, 2 tv's, mini bar (££££'s - we gave it a miss), air-con, slippers, robes, umbrellas, writing desk, chair and sofa, superb bathroom and a lovely big shower and bath. There wasn't a great view out of the window but it was dark and raining for almost all of the visit so who cares! It was quiet at night too - for central london I was expecting much worse. Nice area, close to all the shops and attractions and a taxi rank right outside. The continental breakfast was lovely, really enjoyed, nice big selection of pastries, fruit and cold meats and cheeses to choose from. On the whole I'd definately go back again, have stayed in some terrible rooms in london for not much less, this was lovely.	
Jan 11 2007 	Small rooms but good experience	Great welcome all smiles, all check in and door staff appear to be Italian, and have it pretty well sorted. Room was superior double, not sure what the superior qualities were as you could only just navigate around the bed. Very tight but comfortable. Good bed and cottons, great shower but over bath, wi fi at £12 x 24hrs. Very clean, air con ok but fan in bath not working. Bar very busy and a good buzz about it. Pricey at £9.00 for a G&amp;T!!Breakfast additional at £15 for continental but good range of items. Location is great for restaurants and the west end and at £109 was very good value for money.	
Jan 7 2007 	what a disappointment	Just stayed there after having seen the superb furniture and atmosphere of the lobby last August. The room was- although exquisitely furnished with good and comfortable beds- a great let-down: first floor looking out on the backyard, poor windows, terrible air-condition that filled the room with kitchen odour, exceptionally small even for London standards. The staff was not very friendly, the prices in general exorbitantly high, and although booked through DER Tours in Germany the room rates too high regarding the quality. We had to change rooms because the safe didn't work when moving in. I would recommend a visit to the lounge instead of a stay at the hotel.	
Jan 4 2007 	Location location location!!!!!	I had already considered staying at the Mandeville but was not prepared to stump up their ridiculous prices...until I found a bargain on Last Minute.com, a deluxe room that would normally cost £300 per night, for £129. Plus points about this hotel are firstly the amazing location, set off Oxford Street and close to a square I am told is called Leicester Square/ Court (there are lots of little boutique shops and lovely restaurants close by) The room was clean, extremely modern, fab shower, flat screen TV, bathrobes, lots of nice clean towels, big windows overlooking the street outside, and the bar downstairs is gorgeous! Try the French beer brewed with champagne yeast...wow! Kasteel Kru or something like that. Bad points.....for a 'boutique' hotel, the service and the atmosphere was very much lacking. This is a small place, yet somehow attention to detail and to guests appears to have been overlooked. Yes everything is as it should be, but there is no 'warmth' if that makes sense? Maybe I expect too much, and perhaps being from Manchester makes a difference (there does seem to be a distinct divide in terms of friendliness and this hotel seemed to highlight this point). The room was also very small for the price that we should have paid- £300. If you want somewhere that is guaranteed to be clean, tidy, good facilities, nice bar, maybe for a dirty weekend away then go for it. The Mandeville just need to find a way to add that extra something....and I would say they need to start with some customer service training for their staff....a nice smile and some chit chat goes a long way in my book.	
Jan 1 2007	Great location and good value for money	The location is fantastic, the design is good, the rooms comfortable and the size as to be expected in Central London. But I have one big complaint and that is the windows all of which are very poorly soundproofed and this is important in Central London. Even the windows that have been replaced are still terrible and do not fit properly, so they are still noisy. If they are old windows then they are appallingly draughty as well. The reception staff are not great either. I must have stayed there 10 times and most still do not take the trouble to remember or greet me. However it is great value for money.	
Dec 29 2006 	Good location	My husband and our friends stayed at the Mandeville from 12/20 through 12/26. The hotel was nicely furnished and is in a good location. As other people have commented, double check your reservations. We encountered a problem with one of our rooms at check in and were told nothing could be done. We asked to speak with the Relationship Manager after we checked in and they were able to find a room within half an hour. The staff was accommodating and the maids are friendly. Can't beat the location. Tons of restaurants nearby. We liked La Sirena - Italian. Family owned and run. Good risotto. Would not have paid the normal rate for this hotel. The bar is also nice, but $$$ compared with some other places we drank at.	
Dec 12 2006	Disappointed	My boyfriend and I had planned a Christmas weekend away in London and had booked a show and hotel well in advance due to the time of year.We were left very disappointed when we received a call from the Mandeville advising us of a &quot;fire alarm fault&quot; that meant that no guests could stay in the hotel for a 10 day period whilst it was repaired. They assured us of their contigency plan and had reserved a room in a similar hotel - fortunately we looked into the suggested hotel and decided against their recommendation as it was not offering the type of experience (boutique and personal) that we were hoping for.We found a great hotel but had to pay way over the normal price as we only had a few days to play with.We have been given assurance that the next time we visit the Mandeville the experience will be worthwhile, but am left feeling quite let down by their lack of a similar hotel to recommend.	
Dec 2 2006	maybe a nice place but beware of overbooking	The Mandeville is probably very good, but I did not get to find out because the hotel had lost my booking. The whole affair was a bit unpleasant because the staff and management at the reception were clearly unprepared to deal with this kind of thing and were somewhat aggressive, as if this had all been my mistake. They ultimately put me up in another hotel nearby, but only assumed responsbilty for the additional expenses several days later. To their credit, they were quite polite and apologetic once they had sorted themselves out, but I cannot help but think that this place suffers from incompetent management. Make sure you double-confirm your bookings at the Mandeville.	
Nov 26 2006 	quite nice	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Mandeville. My husbund and I stayed at the hotel for our Anniversary, and overall thought the hotel was nice. The room we had was small but very clean and nicely decorated. The best thing about the hotel is the location, it's surrounded by nice bars and restaurants, we went to Sofra the first night which is down at the square and it was lovely,( Turkish food). The second night we went to Le Puerta Sen, which was a bit pricey but very nice Indian food, lots of palm trees and waterfalls inside. Gary from Concierge deserves a gold medal, he always seems to be working and is really helpful with anything you may need. The bar at the hotel was a bit expensive, £5.75 for a small glass of wine, I was served by Renato and thought he could do with learning a few manners, he was arrogant and rude. Breakfast was good, lots to choose from, fruit, cereals, toast, pastries, and good coffee. We had a sandwich from room service, and although it was £7.50 it was very nice. I'm not sure we would stay at the hotel again but overall it was quite good for London.	
Oct 31 2006 	Nice Hotel - Fab Location	I stayed at the Mandeville on the 20th / 21st of October 06 after searching for a 4-star hotel in central London from which to enjoy a weekend away.Overall we were really pleased with our choice, the hotel is very clean and tidy, the rooms large enough and comfortable. We stayed in a Deluxe room that was rated at £300 pounds a night, which I'd never pay, which is why we booked a two night weekend break through the hotel at only £150 a night. The staff were friendly enough, and the restaurant was OK. We had a 1/2 price lunch voucher (given at check-in) which we used on arrival. It was OK, but I wouldn't have liked to have paid full price. We didn't bother eating there again as london has so much more to offer. HINT: try 'Soho Spice' in Soho... top Curry house.. very Chic.. lovely. The best thing about the hotel (other than it's elegant but hip style) is the location. Only 2-3 minutes walk from Bond Street tube, just away enough from busy Oxford Street , but right on top of some fabulous bars and restaurants.	
Oct 25 2006 	Great Hotel but a bit disappointed	This hotel's best feature was its location. Very close to retaurants, undergrounds and the shopping of Oxsford Street. A very clean well kept hotel with an art deco feel.The hotel itself was over-priced for what it was. THe room was okay but certainly not as advertised. The website claimes the deluxe room is an upgrade with &quot;greater space and luxury&quot;. It goes on to say that there is an &quot;added attraction of a seperate walk in shower. This was clearly not the case with the &quot;deluxe room&quot; we were given. Ours was small, the bathroom tiny and it only had a tub with shower which had a half piece of glass which allowed the entire floor to flood. That was the most rediculous setup I have ever seen. It is a good thing there was a drain in the middle of the floor. The flat screen TV was tiny, and lost satellite signal throughout our stay. Internet was extra and was not working for the better part of an afternoon in which I was trying to do some work.Breakfast buffet was very average at best...The other thing to note would be the construction on the building across the road. It woke us up every morning around 6:30 am. Ask the front desk to put you on the opposite side of the construction, it will be worth it.The bed was comfortable, the room was very clean. The concierge was helpful and very polite. The front desk personel should learn from him as they were not helpful and quite distant.Overall, I was disapointed especially paying so much and getting so little. I would only stay here again if the rate droped in half.	
Oct 16 2006 	A great choice of hotel	My partner and I stayed at the Mandeville on 13 and 14 October and were delighted with our choice. We had a great room on the third floor and everything was spotless and beautifully decorated and appointed.The staff were all very helpful and friendly and most welcoming. Continental breakfast was fine but the coffe was pretty dire and tasted as if it had been stewing for several hours. Service at breakfast on Sunday wasn't quite as slick as it should have been and could do with a few tweaks - making sure the buffet tables were fully stocked etc. Too many customers had to keep asking for things. This didn't really spoil our stay though and overall everything was great. Would certainly stay there again and would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting something a bit special.	
Sep 26 2006 	Excellent Hotel	The Hotel Mandeville made for an excellent place to stay during our 5 night trip to London. The hotel is located steps from a quaint little street that provided several pubs for afternoon drinks and many cute restaurants. A block away wa the Bond St tube entrance and all the shopping you could ever care for. Our room was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was large with a soaking tub and a seperate shower stall. The decor was contemporary and sexy. The staff was very attentive and chamber maids did an excellent job of fixing the rooms up daily and leaving plenty of towels and tolietries. I would stay again at this hotel. I heard thru the grapevine that some rooms can be very small, ask to view the room before you accept the keys. It paid off for us.	
Sep 21 2006	Great location service and room	I had a great 8-night stay at the Mandeville. As others have said, the location is very convenient to lots of shops and restaurants. But the hotel is in a small, quiet street without excessive traffic or passerby noise at night.The staff were always helpful and friendly, especially concierge Ian and bellman Dan. Upon checkin I was mistakenly assigned to a single room when I had booked a small double. The reception staff immediately moved me to a very nice double with apologies for the mistake. Since the hotel was filling up, they put me in a double that was actually quite large for London.There were only two drawbacks: The ear-piercing false fire alarms on two of the eight nights I stayed. And a wireless keyboard for internet access that didn't work and wasn't fixed until my thrid request with a written description of the problem. These problems were minor in comparison to all the positive aspects of the stay.I would highly recommend this hotel and would happily stay again.	
Sep 19 2006 	Very Good Experience	Just returned from a three-night stay, on business in London. I was trying to economize for a client, so I rejected the standard 5 star fare and took a leep of faith. I was favorably impressed, particularly at an average room rate of 135 pounds/night (room, b'fast, tax all in). Large enough corner room with flat screen tv, quiet windows, great a/c and ventilation and great shower pressure. Very nicely mixed global clientele and staff; nice continental breakfast. Very convenient location, allowing you the hubbub of Oxford St but the quietude of Marylbone village. All-in-all, if you don't need the cloying pampering and quintessential Englishness of the higher-end places, try places like the Mandeville (and the Montcalm).	
Sep 14 2006 	Great location helpful staff	My husband I stayed here for 7 nights and were very happy with it. Our rate included breakfast, which had an adequate selection of cold cereals/pastries, meats &amp; cheese. The cool black statues are no longer in the dining room...darn. We were amazed at what a fabulous location this was. It is on a side street a block off of Oxford and a 3 minute walk to the Bond Street Tube station. The hotel is near soooo many great little restaurants, its hard to choose. We ate mostly at Carluccios down the street. Starbucks was close by too. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Our room was just like the one on the website. Yes, the other reviewers were right about the shower water getting everywhere...just leave a towel on the floor and its fine.	
Sep 1 2006	A huge disapointment	Halfway through checking us in the receptionist answered the phone and started laughing and chatting and having a conversation whilst we stood there like a couple of lemons. There was no apology for the interuption or acknowledgement! We had booked a superior double and it was a huge disapointment. The room was small, the furniture miserable and the carpet filthy and covered in stains. I couldn't believe this was a superior double in a 4 star hotel so we went back to reception to double check we'd been given the right room. Sadly it was the right room. The receptionist agreed to move us to another superior double, which was a little better but the carpet was also filthy in this room too. I think The Mandeville seriously need to consider getting a carpet cleaner in! There were no tea and coffee making facilities.....even b&amp;b's have this basic luxury! the mini bar was empty. How this hotel has received 4 stars is beyond me. Fortunately we got a reasonable deal on the room, but if we'd paid the actual rate I would have been seriously angry! I had booked this hotel after reading good reviews on this website for it. Either these people have been staying in the penthouse suite or we had some severe bad luck!	
Aug 31 2006 	Great location friendly staff	I was a bit worried when my European colleague recommended this hotel and it had a few dud ratings on this site. But she was right. It was a great location and the staff could not have been more friendly and more helpful - pointing out the best gift stores, restaurants, just stopping us to see how things were going as we walked in or out. I'd definitely go back if I need a night in London.	
Aug 27 2006 	Excellent hotel in perfect location	Great stay in August with a great deal with GTA hotel booking site that included a superb breakfast. Location is perfect for shoppers with Oxford St 30 second away!! Rooms are v.modern and comfortable but my only quibble was the bathroom frosted door.	
Aug 25 2006	I wanted a cuppa	The hotel itself is lovely and it is in a fantastic area just off Oxford St and there are loads of cafes and restaurants about 2 minutes walk from the hotel.I did encounter a few problems with my stay which I will go into now.1. After having a walk around my hotel I had brought myself a lovely cake (coconut flan) from a fantastic patisserie just around the corner. I thought I know I will go up to my room eat my lovely cake and have a lovely cup of tea in my room- good idea. When i got to my room I had a look around to try and find the tea and coffee making facilites and couldn't find any. After basically turning my room upside down I decided to phone recepetion to see where they were hiding. I was told that the hotel did not have any of these facilities and that if I wanted a cup of tea I would have to order it from room service at £4.00 per cup. I was shocked and stunned by this as it is supposed to be a 4* hotel and these days you expect at least a kettle in your room. i am usually annoyed if I go to a hotel and there are no biscuits but no kettle- what is the world coming to.2. On my first night to get over the no kettle incident I went down to the restaurant for some dinner and I ordered burger and chips it was £14.50 which I think was a bit of a rip off really.3. The hotel's specifies that it has the corporate traveller in mind however there are no irons or ironing boards available in the rooms. If you do want to borrow an iron you have to wait in a queue for it as they only have one. I phoned reception in the morning at around seven to borrow the iron and was told that there wouldn't be one availbale until nine which is not on really as most of us corporate travellers have to be at nine.But apart from the above issues it was an ok hotel	
Aug 12 2006 	Not bad...for London	Having stayed in numerous London hotels recently for business, the Mandeville is one of the better choices we made. Compared to more 'up-market' properties such as the Hilton Metropole, this is a far better (and more economical) choice. Previous comments made on this site about the staff are unfounded as we found them very professional, helpful and welcoming. In particular, my collegue needed help with a hire car and pushchair and Ian (the Concierge) went to extraordinary lengths to make it happen. The charismatic bar manager Jose should also get mention as his cheerful welcome always felt personal and attentive. Not the sort of service we've come to expect in London these days...The rooms are smart, contempory and well-equipped though my single room was a little on the small side. Not a big deal. All rooms come with easy-to-connect internet (essential for us business users these days) and the in-room TV seems comprehensive (didn't really use it). Excellent shower (possibly to most comprehensive mechanism I've ever seen though!) and comfortable bed (again, important items for us business travellers).For those that need quick and easy access into the West-End and at a reasonable cost, the Mandeville doesn't get much better. The vast array of boutique restaurants and trendy bars on the doorstep also deserves a mention and we spent many and evening kicking back people-watching in the busy pavements of James Street.	
Aug 10 2006 	Loved the Mandeville	Had a great time at this hotel in the stylish area near Marlebone the concierge were very helpful and although our room should have had a mini bar and did not it was not a problem when we asked for wine glasses on both evenings. Junior suites were very stylish and spacious which is a bit of a luxury in London. Junior suites have 3 shower heads 2 in the bath and a seperate walk in shower. The cocktails in the devigne bar were on the expensive side at £9 but not for London standards, well worth it if you want to spoil yourself and I can recommend the chunky chips on the light bites menu.	
Aug 8 2006 	Amazing location - Cool hotel	Stayed in this hotel in June....firstly i encountered a very different experience from some of the other writers....the check-in was fast, efficient and friendly. Concierge excellent notably Ian. I checked the hotel's website first, which is very impressive, but often website's can be deceiving...not in this case! The hotel met and exceeded my expectations...i was staying in a deluxe room, decor was comfortable and fashionable and the public areas incredible...best of all is the location though. Seconds away from selfridges, bond street, hyde park, marylebone high street and christopher place and a couple of stops (or 10/15mins walk) on the tube to picadilly, leicester square, covent garden and westminster. If you're looking for something personal, fashionable, friendly and a little bit out of the norm, then this is a place i would highly recommend...i know i will be returning!	
Aug 6 2006	Great Hotel	This Hotel got the &quot;Wow factor&quot;! We stayed here for 5 nights in July 2006 and this is by far my favorite hotel. Breakfast can be delivered with your wake up call. We had a wonderful room, beautifully decorated, but even the bar and restaurant were attractive! The food in the restaurant, deVille, was great, and the drinks in the bar were very good. The building is beautiful and the location I believe, is one of the best.	
Jul 31 2006	Night Manager a Nightmare!	I stayed at the Mandeville for a six night period. The location was great, however I would never stay there again. I can only state with the treatment I received, I am sure the management and owners can not possibly care about repeat guests.One particular desk manager is a liar, rude, annoying, intimidating, uncaring with an attitude that almost seemed like a skit out of Saturday Night Live. He dared you to question him and made you feel like an idiot. The room had no air conditioning and this jerk made me feel like I had no right asking him (very politely) I might ad if the AC could be fixed. They moved us to a room even smaller than the one I was in. I never wanted to be moved. Packing up is a pain. We were told our new room was bigger, on the street with an airconditioning system that worked. Of course we were moved to a much smaller room with no refridgerator and we were in the worst possible location overlooking the kitchen! Both rooms overlooked the kitchen and all you heard were screaming and banging pots all night. The bathroom shower...it was a waterfall on the bathroom floor and considering you only had one towel per person, it was difficult sopping up the water. We never received a telephone call from a friend. Of course Mandeville desk manager said &quot;there was no message&quot;. I was doubled billed on an event the concierge booked for us and of course, the nightmare manager said it wasnt his fault and begrudginly amended the bill upon check out . This was my seventh visit to London and I have never ever been treated in such a terrible manner by a desk manager. The Mandeville never answered my email on his rude behavior. It is beyond me how he can be employed. Really folks, do not stay at the Mandeville, there are so many other nice places to stay.	
Jul 19 2006 	Rude lying Front Desk Manager	The location and decor were great but our 2 night stay was badly affected by the front desk manager. As I was parking, my american boyfriend checked in. It was about noon and he said (very politely) to the front desk guy that he knew we were early for check-in, but wondered if our room was ready? The guy said &quot;Oh YOU PEOPLE always want your rooms early&quot; (and he wasn't joking). Not sure if he was referring to americans or because we had booked the room through a discount website - although at $340 a night it wasn't exactly cheap. I had specifically reserved a deluxe room because of the larger size, but when we got to our room it seemed very small. I went to the front desk later in the day and asked a different employee what the difference was between superior &amp; deluxe and he told me &quot;deluxe rooms are MUCH more comfortable and larger&quot; so I gave him our room number and asked him if it was a deluxe. He became visibly uncomfortable at which point the guy who checked us in came over and shooed him away. He condescendingly told me to go with one of the porters and look at a different room that I &quot;might like better&quot;. When we went to the other room (exactly the same but about 5 sq ft bigger) I said to the porter that I had just expected it to be bigger. &quot;Well we do also have deluxe rooms&quot; he said! I asked him how they might be different and he realised why I was asking and embarassedly said something about deluxe rooms supposed to have stand-alone showers (both rooms so far only had tubs with shower attachments). When I returned to the front desk and said to the 'manager' that I had expeced a seperate shower he told me that only some deluxe rooms have them. He then loudly tried to embarass me in the lobby full of people by loudly announcing how much I had paid for the room and said since I wasn't happy he'd take off 9 pounds. The original difference in price between superior &amp; deluxe was more than that but at that point I din't want the whole issue to affect our vacation. I could go on, but basically he lied to my face about the room being deluxe, and obviously couldn't move us to what we booked because they were sold out.Apart from him all the staff were lovely and very helpful. Eg. when they started using hammer &amp; drill in the room next to us at 8am we called the concierge who got them to stop for an hour.Also, the shower attachment sprayed water all over the small bathroom no matter where you directed it since there was only a half-screen over the bathDespite nice hotel, great location, nice staff, I wouldn't return based on the front desk manager.	
Jul 18 2006	Warm Welcome	Having just spent the past few days at the Manderville I have to say how much we enjoyed ourselves and what a wonderful service we received from every member of staff. I have not met such a customer focussed team and they made our stay a total pleasure. The hotel was clean and well styled. I would recommend that a call be made to reservations though to double check any booking made over the internet to ensure it has been logged.	
Jul 12 2006 	Great Stay at the Mandeville	I booked at The Mandeville for a long week-end in London combining business with a short break with my Wife. I had been recommended the hotel by a colleague who stays there often and i booked a deluxe room through the hotel's online reservation system. The hotel seems extremely busy as i have recommended it to others since, but the hotel seems to be constantly full...and for a reason! The moment you walk through the door of a pretty georgian terrace, everything is beautifully and stylishly decorated. I suppose best described as cosy chic. The staff were friendly particularly Ian and Carlos at concierge. As for my room - i have read some reviews that some of the rooms are small. I was in a deluxe, and i must say, for the price it was certainly excellent value for London. The room was much larger than i expected, the marble bathrooms luxurious and the bed and soft furnishings exemplary. I did peek through at some of the standard / superior rooms, and although small, seemed on par with London but were very well furnished and looked just as comfortable...As for the public areas....well, i suppose this is where the hotel really shines with a wonderful bar, and beautiful restaurant...But, above all these positives, the biggest selling point of the hotel isits location! Personally i've always stayed on the other side of Oxford St in Mayfair which is rather staid...Marylebone village is far more happening and just as close to the shops and attractions of Mayfair and Oxford St! I will be returning asap and would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to others.	
Jun 25 2006 	Modern no-frills business property - clean and modern - few amenities	Just got back from three nights at the Mandeville London.On the plus side: (1) seems a good location. Marylebone is clean, safe, with some interesting things to see and close to the Underground.(2) Rooms nicely decorated though very small as most big city hotels are these days.(3) Bathroom very nice - clean, new fixtures, nice large towelsOn the negative side: (1) tiny elevators - not airconditioned - slow and very hot(2) Front desk staff not at all helpful - two of three nights they accidently turned off my room key necessitating a trip back down five flights in a hot elevator to correct what was &quot;our mistake - sorry&quot;.(3) was supposed to get breakfast with the room but they didn't honor it(4) I discussed a few problems with the hotel desk (including not chaning my bed linens when they should have and not adequately vacuuming the room one night) and was met with absolutely zero attempt to correct the problem.(5) The website and brochure make this hotel look very posh. In reality - it seems very small. I would have prefered a much larger hotel with perhaps more amenities.Some of the things I didn't like about the hotel may be standard to all European hotels compared to what I expect from US hotels - however, I was quite dissapointed with people not trying to be helpful.Overall this is a clean, modern well located hotel and a very pleasant place to sleep - but not a luxury property where you'd spend any time if you were on vacation. A good business rest stop perhaps.	
Jun 18 2006	Love it!!!	We've just stayed at the Mandeville Hotel in London, UK and it was absolutely excellent. Very good price, perfectly located about 5 min walk from Oxford Street/Bond Street tube. Nice designer hotel, very friendly staff. James Street and St. Christopher's place nearby with loads of restaurants and cafes. Rooms are small (it's London after all) but have all amenities and are just perfect, since honestly, we're there to enjoy the city! We'll definitely stay there again!	
Jun 12 2006 	rude reception reasonable room	I agree with the previous reviewer- we must have encountered the same middle-aged Manager at reception who was downright rude and almost intimidating. My room, a petit double, was only suitable for a single person. It was clean, but smelled terribly of the bathroom drain. The location is central and the decor fairly new and stylish, however please don't book it for a special occasion as I feel sure you will be disappointed. For a quick visit on business, it probably beats the usual, tired, so-called four star chain hotels, but make sure you get a deal as the rack rate would NOT be value for money. In short, not the hotel it has pretensions to be!	
Jun 8 2006	Poor reception	I already live in London but as a Birthday treat my partner took me to the Mandeville for the weekend, as I used to live in Marylebone village and absoultely love it there. The reception we received from one of the managers was absolutely appalling, his attitude towards us was unbelievably rude. However, things improved slightly in that the room was lovely. However, the breakfast was awful - cold toast, hard pastries and a greasy looking English breakfast. We emailed the hotel on a number of occassions following our visit to express our concerns with regard to the manager's attitude but have never received a reply. Unfortunately I would not recommend this hotel to people looking for a special weekend. Next time I think we'll pay a bit more and go elsewhere.	
Jun 7 2006	gem of a hotel	we stayed at the mandeville for a couple of nights in may, booking through lastminute. The location was a bonus, off the track but near enough to the crowds if you want them. There are plenty of wine bars and nice restaurants within a 5 min stroll too. The staff are friendly, helpful and always acknowledge you. Breakfast was good and the bar pretty impressive. The room was average size for london, but the decor was classy and plush, the bathroom modern and spotless. I really enjoyed my stay here and would definately return, it represents excellent value for money for this boutique hotel that is without attitude.	
May 25 2006	Nice hotel weird bathroom door	Just back from a 5 night stay. There was myself and my friend and although the room was small, it was comfortable. Beds were comfy, flatscreen tv was teeny tiny but it did the job. The bathroom was nice but the door to the bathroom - frosted glass!Certainly not much privacy to &quot;do your duty&quot; when you can still see through the frosted glass door, which never really closed and latched but just sort of &quot;closed&quot; and left big gaps around the door and frame. So, we ended up using one of the bed comforters and covered the door for more privacy. Just had me befuddled why they'd put a frosted glass door as the door to the bathroom. And since there's no shower door on the tub/shower either, ya had to be careful showering otherwise everything in there got a good soaking. Just seemed like bad design to me.The staff was excellent, very nice. The concierge was helpful and always had a welcoming smile when we got back from sightseeing.I'd highly recommend the tapas bar down the street, La Tosca. We went twice it was so good!	
May 20 2006	2 days in the Mandeville	Just spent two nights at the Mandeville and even though it had good reviews on Trip Advisor I was still skeptical (although I am from London I have never been impressed with the general level of service received). However, the Mandeville was excellent. All the staff were helpful and pleasant. Restaurant staff were cheerful and attentive. All in all - hats off!Position of the hotel (a few hundred yards behind Selfridges) is good for most things (but shopping more than anything). Rooms are pretty small but I guess that is par for the course in London. They were clean with decent bathrooms so no complaints.All in all - a good job by the Mandeville. I would stay there again.	
May 19 2006	Good quality and location	Had a deluxe room, check hotels website for special offers. For London the room was a decent size, modern and nicely furnished. Good quality bathroom and comfy bed. Flatscreen TV not very big. Inclusive breakfast is a reasonable continental buffet, certainly enough for most people. The hotel is located very close to numerous restaurants and bars and handy for Oxford Street and the tube. Overall very good quality and recommended as good value for money.	
May 2 2006	Great Stay at the Mandeville	Stayed just the one night at the Mandeville and it scored highly! Staff were all pleasant and attentive. Asked for a quiet room when booking and reception reserved a lovely superior room on the fifth floor. Good room size, especially for London. Check their website out for prices but be sure to check on their 'specials' or you could miss the best rates available. We paid £125B&amp;B for two adults in a superior room. Location was great, just off Oxford Street and close to Bond Street tube. Just down form the hotel towards Oxford Street are lots of nice looking restaurants (only had time to try the Tapas Bar) and cafe's. Would definetely stay again!	
Apr 30 2006	Lovely Room Great Staff	We had a wonderful time at the Mandeville. The staff was very welcoming and gave us a room upgrade. The room was crispy clean and nicely decorated. The bathrooms were very modern with Penhaligon bath products. (The only issue we found was that the shower stall, while stylish, flooded the whole bathroom unless we used the bathmat as a dam.) The bar off the lobby was very pretty, and the bartenders chatty and nice. The concierges helped us out a lot with information and reservatiions. All this for a mere 99 pounds a night. We will definitely stay here next time we're in London.	
Apr 18 2006 	Such a pleasure to come back to the Mandeville hotel	I have been to the Mandeville several times before and enjoyed the location and the cosyness of the rooms, but nothing beats the service I got last time I stayed at the Mandeville in early March. I had had a nightmare flight from Boston and I had to wait hours for a taxi when I arrived at Paddington. I was affraid that my day wasn't going to get better, as despite my delay, I was still too early for check in. However, I was so relieved when I arrived and not only was I able to go straigh to my room but I also received a free upgrade to a larger room. The room was really comfortable as always. I was also impressed the next morning by the great breakfast downstairs (the eggs benedict are really good). The next day, after dinner, we stopped at the hotel bar with some friends and we very much enjoyed the trendy athmosphere and the well mixed cocktails. What else can you ask for?	
Apr 11 2006	Unbeatable Location and Value for Money	Certainly an unbeatable location two blocks from Selfridges and Oxford Street. Bond Street Tube Station only two blocks away. Nice and spacious rooms, friendly staff and overall good value for money (all hotels are expensive in London so no need to complain or write about that). Overall an excellent boutique hotel.	
Apr 4 2006	Great style but something was missing	My friend and I had expected something really fabulous from the photos on the web site. We booked through Laterooms at a rate of £129 per night for a twin room without breakfast. Looks wise it was great. The service was good but a little contrived. The room was small, not enough toiletries for two, no shower cap, no body lotion. The power shower absolutely soaked the bathroom floor. No tea and coffee making facilities meant we had to get up and dressed in a less leisurely way than we would have like, to have a lovely breakfast at Paul's on Marlebone High Street. Drinks in the bar expensive, £15 for 2 gin and tonics. Although the place looked great, it felt as if the old hotel was underneath and was wearing borrowed clothes! I will not be staying again.	
Mar 30 2006	Very disappointing	I booked this hotel in view of the uniformly good reviews in Trip Advisor and the fact that you could upgrade to &quot;luxury&quot; room for an additional £20. I was VERY disappointed. On arrival we were told that the room wasn't ready (despite the fact it was half an hour after the stated check-in). We went shopping for 45 minutes to return and find that the room still wasn't available (as weren't many others from the number of people waiting in reception). I did think the would at least offer us a complimentary drink while we waited but little or no effort was made to make the situation better. We finally got into the room over an hour and half after the stated check-in. The room was ok but certainly didn't fit the &quot;luxury&quot; label. We checked whether we had been put in the right room and were told that the only difference in the luxury room was that bathrobes were provided and, as it turns out, there was no fridge or mini bar, something which we'd been told there would be. When we informed the staff of this we were effectively told we were lying. We only wanted to chill a bottle of champagne! But no one enquired why we wanted the fridge or made any effort to help. When we asked if there was someone we could speak to we were told that we would have to send an email. In the end we had quite a nice stay but this was not at all down to the hotel staff who (with the exception of the friendly concierge) were rude and unhelpful. The location is good but that's about the only positive.	
Mar 26 2006	Good location clean smart trendy	Stayed at The Mandeville last night with my husband, comfy clean double room, great location, good buffet breakfast. Great plasma tv, no fridge in the room (although my father in law had the room across the corridor from us and he had a fridge). Good quality toiletries but not enough for 2 people, if you both like a shower each day.No tea/coffee facilities in the bedroom which is a shame because a small detail like this will stop me returning with my mum later in the year, as this very important to her.I booked 2 rooms at the promotional rate from the hotel website but on arrival, only 1 was reserved at a more expensive rate. However another room was found and my online rate honoured (£99 per room with cold buffet breakfast).The porters/ concierge were good, one guy in particular was very attentive offering umbrellas when it was raining and quickly hailing us a cab. Friendly, clean hotel, but not for in room brew lovers!	
Mar 21 2006	Location Style 	Booked a weekend stay in the Mandeville through (-) but only when we arrived did we really appreciate the full value; £300 for a generously sized and well appointed twin room for three nights! The Hotel is ultimately all about style; literally a few minutes stroll from Oxford St., the staff are very friendly, helpful and ultimate professionals without exception. The consierge secured us a table at Hakkasan with only a few hours notice and the bar staff are pros at mixing fantastic martinis! Will recommend to all friends &amp; family and definately visit again.	
Mar 19 2006	Will definitely recommend to others	Stayed for one night in a deluxe room. I was very pleased with the location, decor and room size. The bed was extremely comfortable. The staff were friendly and efficient providing a personal touch which can so often be missing in London hotels.	
Mar 19 2006 	Not for business travellers	As a business traveller this hotel was not great as the dressing table &amp; chair were totally unsuitable as a working desk ergonomically. Other gripes- there were no tea &amp; coffee making in rooms -very poor for a 4 star hotel and no bathrobes, even though I had paid more for a superior room (apparently you have to be in deluxe to get a robe). The bed was comfortable and large. The room was small but nicely designed. The warm air heating didn't work very well, it was particularly cold weather. Would not stay again but OK for people who want a hotel near Oxford Street.	
Mar 17 2006 	Terrific boutique hotel with great staff	Stayed for one night on business. Highly recommend this hotel. Location is fantastic just 4 minute walk to Oxford Street. DEVIGNE (the hotel bar) is really buzzy and they serve great martinis. Will definiteley stay here again and recommend to colleagues and friends	
Mar 9 2006	Ideal location	We booked a standard double for £110 through laterooms, and it was a pretty good bargain. The room was fairly small (enough space for 2 people and a couple of bags) but the wardrobe was huge, with real hangers (including padded ones!), and the bathroom was clean and the shower lovely and hot. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've encountered - usually I prefer a duvet, but the blankets were very soft.Breakfast was massively expensive (£18 for buffet + cooked) but very good and you can have as much as you like from the fresh fruitm pastries etc.The location is fantastic - just off Oxford Street at the Selfridges end. No parking, but they offer 25% discounts at the nearby NCP (this isn't mentioned on the website but the concierge told us) which is about 5 minutes walk away.	
Feb 19 2006	Great value	We booked through lastminute.com and got a great rate. The room, which had a superb bathroom, was lovely. The breakfast was probably the best that I have had. The cold buffet was good, but the cooked breakfast was even better. The staff were very friendly and attentive. The only slight negative was that the traffic noise was quite loud, but after a hard day we didn't have any problem in going to sleep.	
Feb 14 2006	totally recommended!!!	its my first time writing a review but feel like i have to because i absolutely love this hotel..want to recommend it to everyone!amazingly friendly staff..makes you feel like a vip!me n my boyfriend stayed in this hotel for 2 nights.with the tesco promotional offer..we only paid for £240 for a deluxe room with breakfast for two nights..although breakfast was offered but we didnt have it cuz we were too lazy to get up early as the breakfast stops at 10!but the restaurant looks nice from the outside!same as any other hotels...room serivice doesnt come cheap..£5 for a portion of chips!so better do some food shopping if you want to have some snacks at night.the down sides are, theres no tea or coffee maker and no kettle!and no leisure facilities..but i think this hotel would be perfect for people who are only here for a shopping trip. cuz the hotel is just off the bond street and oxford street, within a few minutes walk to the Bond street tube station and only within one minute walk to the London infamous Selfridge department store.theres a newsagent and some good restaurants nearby!the pictures i have here is the deluxe room i stayed in.i think the size is reasonable for a hotel in the central london..not big and not too small!the toilet door is a bit weird..it is stylish but its not a proper door n it doesnt meant to be closed properly.so it would be quite embrassing if you are staying the hotel with a friend. i cant complain about the bed its king size and its really comfy..makes you fall asleep as soon as you are lying on it!good for after a long tiring day!and yerr they gives you some free toiletries and mags.i actually quite like the design of this hotel.the room the lounge and the restaurant.quite stylish!i had a sneaky peep at the superior room(the smallest room) while the cleaner is doing the room n they look quite small..not much space.so i wud recommend the deluxe room!!!after all,we did really enjoy our stay!if i want to stay in london and they are doing this offer again..i will definately stay in the mandeville again!	
Feb 10 2006	A fabulous sanctuary!!	WOW!! What a fabulous find!! Having stayed in so many London hotels (Metropolitan, Sanderson, Myhotel, Lennox) I am now quite fussy.I trawled through all of the reviews on Trip Advisor and found the Mandeville and after reading how much others loved this place, we decided to give it a whirl. I was slightly apprehensive as it seemed so cheap (£180 for a suite) but it turned out to just be excellent value for money!!When you enter the hotel from the outside bussle of London you automatically feel safe. The hotel is so welcoming and the interior design is to die for. The staff were great and the hotel suite was just delicious.We did plan to eat at the hotel but the restaurant was empty (Thursday night) so we opted for 5th Floor at Harvey Nics. The bar was packed out. Full of business men, students and overseas visitors. It had a wonderfully happy vibe and when we returned to the bar at midnight, it was even busier with happy rather tipsy characters. It had a great atmosphere!We didn't do breakfast as they only serve until 10 and we overslept so I cannot comment on that.We will definately return, it is an amazing place, super clean with stunning interiors and a fabulous location.	
Feb 8 2006	Love Mandeville !	I went to Mandeville hotel for my 30th birthday in December 2005 expecting a great stay ... it was way beyond that ! The location ... well, 2 minutes walk from Selfridges, Oxford and Bond Street, can you ask for more ? And still very quiet. The staff is the most accomodating, helpful and nicest I have ever met in a hotel. The concierge will call you a cab, open the door, carry your luggage. The decoration is impressive: sharp, cosy. The rooms ... amazing ! Decoration is awesome, bed linnen so soft, carpet so thick you could drown in it (and spotless), English breakfast is a must, served at the very right minute in your room. And most of all, it' so quiet ... I did not hear any noise from the corridor or the other rooms, we thought we were alone in the hotel. The bar is great (try the Russian Spring punch with champagne ...). In fact, I did not want to leave ... and I will sure go back !	
Jan 27 2006 	Hated the cold shower!	I was really impressed by The Mandeville from the time I moved in until heading into the beautifully appointed bathroom for a shower. The hot water was worse than lukewarm, which was really dissapointing as I had paid extra for the Luxury Room with walk in shower (don't know about you but I hate those showers in the bath with a wet curtain that clings to you). They were very apologetic at check out and promised to get the problem solved. I would go back again, great location, lovely room with comfortable bed and bedding. Would have been 5 stars but for...........	
Jan 20 2006	Absolutely spoilt by the Mandeville staff	I stayed at the Mandeville with my boyfriend for a shopping trip to London. It is a small but chic hotel right on the doorstep of some of the best shopping in London.We had reserved a Suite for the length of our stay, and to our surprise, were upgraded to the Penthouse Suite. This was a luxurious room with a fantastic upstairs bathroom, and a secluded rooftop balcony with lovely views of the area.The nightly ritual bubble baths were thoroughly relaxing and the bed was one of the most comfortable ones I've slept in. The staff were extremely attentive and helpful with suggestions for restaurants, bars and local shops, paying full attention to every detail, and we were absolutely spoilt rotten. We will definitely return to the Mandeville for our future visits to London.	
Nov 29 2005	Good Central London Hotel	We stayed at the Mandeville Hotel for 3 nights over a weekend. The room was small but stylish with very comfortable beds. There were no tea/coffee making facilities or mini bar in the room, although there was a working empty fridge. Found the heating noisy but this always seems to be the case in city hotels.The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. Central location and a 5 minute walk to Bond St tube station. The bar was lovely with a cool decor and excellent cocktails. On the whole very good and we would return.	
Sep 17 2005 	Great Location	I have stayed here many times since I discovered it in march. I travel to london twice a month on business and have tried many 'business' hotels.Good points:The location is fantastic (3 mins walk from bond st which takes u to canary wharf or the city in 1q5 mins - perect!).Huge number of bars and restaurants within 100 yds.Selfridges 100 yds away - my wife loves this place for that reason alone!The rooms are spotless - lovely modern decor and great bathrooms.Staff are very friendly and helpfulIt is still very reasonably priced - altho success may change that.High speed internet in rooms works very well.Bad points:The tv system is the worst I have ever come across - shocking picture and rubbisg selection of channels - it takes approx 5 secs from pressing channel button to change actually happening which drives u mad!Room service is rubbish after 2300 and takes an eternity to arrive.Overall:the good totally outweighs the bad (altho if ur a tv addict u may didsagree).Its a great 4 star hotel.	
Sep 15 2005	Met Expectations-- Reviews are correct	The reviews for the mandeville hotel are correct. We stated in a superior double. The room was not large, but had plenty of space for two people and large suitcases. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room was very clean. The marble bathroom was perfectly clean. I do agree that the shower door is weird to manipulate, but that shouldn't stop anyone from staying. The location was better than expected. We were a five minute walk from the Bond street tube stop and tons of shopping. There were some great cafes and restaurants 2 minutes away from the hotel. Try CARLUCCIO'S, Wagamama and Christi's.	
Aug 7 2005	Loved the location loved the hotel!!!	I have stayed in many london hotels and so far this is the best! We paid £125 room and continental breakfast.From the moment you walk in the hotel, you can see that everything will be okay. The reception area is very modern and clean. The rooms spotless and due to the refurb everything is brand new. The rooms have a contemporary feel yet are comforting and homely at the same time. The bathrooms are very clean and well equipped with a very good shower and bath.I went with my freind and we had a twin room, the only thing that I could not understand is that it advertised that the room had a mini bar and it didnt? but this did not matter because we spent quite a lot of our time in the hotel bar (de Vigne), which does a fab Bramble cocktail!!. The bar was very fashionable. Finally the location is spot on. It is in the centre of Marylebone village with lots of little shops and restaurants nearby. It's about five mins walk from Selfridges on Oxford street. Will go back!	
Jul 11 2005	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in	I have just returned from a two-night stay at the Mandeville and cannot praise this hotel and its staff enough.The staff are friendly and nothing is too much trouble. The location is perfect – close to Oxford Street as well as some excellent restaurants/bars whilst being quiet and peaceful. I was due to check out of the hotel on the Thursday when the Terrorist attacks occurred on London Underground. I was by myself, scarred and stranded in London – The hotel provided me with another room straight away at the same price (many hotels were charging three times the normal rate) and the staff went out of their way to find ways to get me home the next day. Without their help this horrendous day would have been even worse. Definitely one of the best hotels I have stayed in and I would recommend a visit.	
May 16 2005	Very nice hotel / great location	So far it's been the best hotel a stayed in London. I got a standard room for EUR 180 / night with english beakfast via Thomas Cook.The hotel is located in a very nice and SAFE neighbourhood with bars, restaurants, etc. near oxford street.The nearest tube station is Bond Street. And the hotel is about 200 meters from there.You can also walk from Piccadily circus --&gt; it takes about 15 minutes and it's a nice walk (regent street and oxford street)The room was nice and, most important, VERY clean. The bath room was also very nice and immaculate (however no bath, just a shower). The bed was great and there's a (small) flat tv on the wall.However the rooms are very small.The breakfast was also great , the restaurant and the bar are very designed, very very nice, great atmosphere, staff is pleasant.Really a good place to stay.	
May 9 2005	Clean Friendly Great Location	My Fiance and I stayed at the Mandeville the weekend just gone ( 7th May 05) for one night. We both live just outside the centre of town and often stay in London hotels so that we can have a few drinks and not have to drive or get the tube.I have given The Mandeville an avergae mark for the following reasons.The room I stayed in was very small, the flat screen TV, whilst a nice piece of hardware, was very small and the picture of below average quality (slight fuzzyness) with only half a dozen channels to choose from (no free movie or sports channels). There was a fridge in the room but no mini bar, which I found odd...perhaps someone forgot to fill the fridge?There is no parking at the hotel and although you will get a 25% discout at the NCP around the corner at £35 a day its a little steep. You can park on a meter outside the hotel after 6.30pm.There was no room service menu to talk of and even though I had called down for a couple fo bottles of water, they didn't arrive which was a little disappointing.All that said, the room was very clean and the decor modern. The bed was extremely comfortable and you could not detect any noise from either inside or outside the hotel. The location is fantastic with lots of very nice bars and restuarants within two minutes, you are also just three minutes from Bond Street tube in the heart of Londons shopping and entertainment areas.I would recommend this hotel for short stays where you intend to spend most of your time out and about as it is a very nice place to lay your head however, I wouldn't want to spend an awful lot of time in the room as home comforts are few and far between.D.	
Apr 4 2005	Great stay in a lovely hotel 29th March 2005	My 10 year old daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights (29/3 to 1/4 2005). We loved the hotel. Our room (a twin on the first floor) was gorgeous, and spotlessly clean. Service from all the staff was friendly, efficient and welcoming, especially the staff at breakfast. Our deal included continental breakfast, which was first class, with a wide choice of breads, cheeses, meat, fresh fruit, muffins, juices, toast..... A lovely start to the day.The hotel location cannot be faulted, especially if, like us, you want to spend time on Oxford Street. The tube (Bond Street) is very close which made access to other sights (Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, London Eye, Harrods etc) very easy.Access to and from Kings Cross main line Station was easy as we opted for a taxi - didn't fancy taking suitcases on the tube! This cost £7 one way and £8 the other, so not too bad.The whole area has a lovely atmosphere - very continental, with pavement cafes and exotic restaurants ranging from very casual to very formal. Lebanese and Turkish cuisine feature highly in the area.Selfridges is just up the road, and well worth a visit.Overall, an excellent hotel where we spent a lovely few days. I shall certainly look at this hotel first when I next plan our next trip to London.	
Feb 21 2005	Very impressive hotel	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Mandeville and highly recommend it.Although there were some building works taking place in the lobby during our stay, it wasn't noticeable once you reached reception. The rooms were immaculate and we loved the comfortable bed, flat screen tv and the marble bathroom. The staff were also extremely helpful.It is 2 minutes walk from busy Oxford Street, particularly Selfridges and very close to Bond Street tube station. There are also lots of nice restaurants close to the hotel.	
Jan 23 2005	Favourite London Hotel	We travel to London every year for Christmas shopping and this year we tried the Mandeville Hotel. I had read the different reviews and was hoping for a room in the &quot; new section &quot; and I was certainly not disappointed. The room was beautifully furnished with every amenity that we personally required , yes a little small but this is London and with so much to see and do we do not spend a great deal of time in our room. Although there was building work taking place during our stay we were not disturbed by noise at all , just a little diversion here and there on entering and leaving. I think therefore that all rooms will be renovated very soon.Each and every member of staff whom we encountered was exceptionally friendly and courteous . Location excellent for shopping, we will certainly be returning in the future .	
Jan 6 2005	Strange Showers but Good Stay	Concierge --&gt; Very nice and willing to help.Maid Service --&gt; I found it a bit strange that they come in to clean at random times of the day (morning/ noon or night). Room Service --&gt; Lovely.Rooms --&gt; I usually stay in the one bedroom rooms... which are quite small if you are used to American standards. With that said, it is very cute.**One thing in particular that I Must comment on is the showers. I couldn't understand where the other half of the door went. I kept wondering how I was ever to block water from getting on the floor. Overall, I'd say it's a lovely stay that is close to everything. Whether you wish to walk or take public transportation.	
Oct 28 2004	Ask for the 'new rooms'	I stayed at this hotel in Feb.2004. I think that some of the confusion regarding the hotels amenities is due to the hotel having a &quot;newer&quot; guest wing. I stumbled onto this fact while lost and searching for my room. It appeared that I had received an upgrade without asking! I stayed in the new section of the hotel and found it very nice. The room was very clean and the hotel staff friendly and helpful. I would suggest asking for the new rooms when booking.	
Sep 10 2004	not the greatest hotel I've stayed in....	The location is very good. For shopping, Selfridges and the craziness of Oxford Street is just around the corner and for snacks/dinner you can't beat St Christopher's Place and the many restaurants and cafes in the area.I wasn't wholly impressed by the hotel however. Rooms are very small, it was difficult to find space for my medium sized suitcase. I was staying alone, but don't think it would be at all comfortable for 2 people.Room decor is nice - lots of lamps around the bed, large cushions, writing desk.The wardrobe had a terrible smell!! It had a stong sweat-like odour (perhaps this was the wood? Or the previous guest?!) so I was apprehensive about hanging up my own clothes in there.I would advise against using their &quot;internet tv&quot; service. For GBP5.50 you get 1 hours ineternet access via their tv and a keyboard, but in my case the tv reception wasn't good enough and I &quot;lost&quot; the payment I made.The reception area is presentable if you have friends who need to meet you there. Reception staff were adequate but I didn't find them particularly friendly (the doorman didn't offer to hail me a cab when I left with my suitcase in a torrential downpour)I didn't find it a bad place to stay, particularly for the price, but will look for somewhere else next time I go to London.	
Jul 25 2004	Conceirge and taxi's		
Jul 21 2004	Excellent Value Excellent Location		
Jul 5 2004	great stay		
Jul 5 2004	Great place to stay!		
Jun 30 2004	Cool hotel - Great location		
Jun 17 2004	Home from home		
Jun 11 2004	Best value for great location and beautiful rooms		
May 3 2004	The Mandeville cleanes bathroom ever !!!		
Dec 1 2003	Loved all about the hotel/friendliness was great		
Nov 17 2009 	???????		
Oct 30 2009 	Un emplacement de rêve...		
Oct 20 2009 	Excelente		
Oct 17 2009 	buena situacion		
Oct 10 2009 	tres bien		
Oct 6 2009 	????????????		
Sep 17 2009 	Buena relacion calidad precio para Londres		
Sep 10 2009 	inmejorable situación		
Sep 7 2009 	Espléndido en ubicación limpieza y servicio		
Jul 29 2009 	Estupendo		
Jul 15 2009 	Très agréable		
May 31 2009 	Vaut le coup		
Mar 31 2009 	Idealement situe design et confortable		
Mar 24 2009 	Hotel top propre au coeur de Londres...rare !!!		
Feb 8 2009 	Hôtel parfait		
Feb 5 2009 	très bon sejour		
Dec 8 2008 	Relación calidad-precio pésima		
Nov 14 2008 	Naja es geht besser...		
Nov 5 2008 	Excellent....		
Nov 1 2008 	Confortable		
Oct 29 2008 	??????????		
Sep 27 2008 	Muy buen hotel y buenísima situación		
Sep 22 2008 	Sehr modern und ruhig super Lage. Frühstück unterdurchschnittlich für 4*		
Sep 16 2008 	Bell'Hotel vicino a James Street		
Sep 8 2008 	Situación perfecta		
May 27 2008 	Excelente situación		
Jan 22 2008 	super hotel super emplacement !		
Jan 22 2008 	Un hotel de sinvergüenzas		
Nov 7 2006	Chaleureux hôtel		
