	Negotiate Internet fees before booking	If you want to use the Internet in the hotel, negotiate fees before you commit.Clean, compact rooms. Very rude service.More about the Internet charges. In many hotels in the neighbourhood, internet is free. From the Sidney Hotel website, I thought it would be here too. No. Slow, unreliable, and very expensive (£2.75, for an “hour”, but they did not tell me that if I only used a minute and then logged off, I would be charged for the full hour. When I found out, I took a week of internet for £25.). When I complained about an interruption of service and a period of very slow performance, the remedies were slow in coming. When I asked for a reduction of the fee, I was refused.At breakfast (7:30 to 9) they opened punctually. For eight straight days I was asked my room number as I entered the breakfast room, then commanded brusquely to sit in a place chosen by one of the staff. On the ninth day, the person remembered my room number. They frequently stocked out of ham and toast. Several times the coffee pourer did not arrive at my table until I had finished eating. Once I went to the pourer and requested service. She did not understand, or ignored me. Meanwhile, staff was folding serviettes. One Saturday, there was a half-hour queue for breakfast at 8:30. That evening, the TV screen over the bed had a curt message reprimanding customers for not getting to breakfast earlier. Incredible but consistent.	
	Excellent accommodation and facilities for the price	After reading some of the reviews on this site I was really anxious and visited the hotel whilst working in London. It looked perfectly clean and I asked to see one of the rooms, which was no problem to the staff. When we arrived we were given a family room which was very clean, plenty big enough for the three of us with all the facilities you expect from a city centre hotel. The breakfast was fine and the staff friendly pleasant and helpful. I travel a lot with work and wouldn't hesitate staying in this hotel for either work or pleasure. In terms of location it is a about a 5-10 minute walk from Victoria and we came back late at night and did not feel threatened at all. There is a lovely Italian restaurant just over the road which has genuine Italian food at a very reasonable price.All in all a very pleasant stay.	
Nov 10 2009 	Smart way to spend money for a hotel in London	I had some doubts before coming at the hotel , but for the price , neighbourhood, staff, quiet , breakfast and cleaning of the room , I really advice everybody to come at this lovely hotel.	
Nov 2 2009 	Best thing about the Sidney Hotel was it was very clean	We had a family room for 5 nights. When we arrived our room had been cancelled due to them trying to take money on our credidt card and getting a refusal Ours had been an internet booking and the girl behind reception explained that they had sent us an e-mail and when we had not replied they cancelled the booking. We had been on holiday in England for 2 weeks already and had not checked the internet since we lrft Australia.. I was not surprised at this after reading all the reviews on triop adviser ,i was just wishing we had splashed out on a better hotel. I could see that our two boys were looking a bit worried. .The end result was that they booked us in at the hotel next door for one night and then back to the Sidney for 4 nights in the family room that we had booked.The room at the Sidney was clean and modern but once we had got our luggage in there was no room,we had to take turns in standing up.I had booked the Sidney as they offered a cooked breakfast but you got the feeling that the food was rashioned and was the same every day.We also had to wait for a table ,our boys missed breafast a couple of times as it ended at 9.00am.If we ever go to London again it will be in a better hotel	
Nov 1 2009 	good hotel	stayed at this hotel for two nights rooms are clean enough room for us,.lobathroom a bit on small side but ok for two nights breakfast in morning was good got full english staff helpfull nice barman.location was good	
Sep 29 2009 	Wow this was a small room!	I've never seen a room this small before. Two pieces of luggage and two adults do not fit! On top of that the bathroom was unbelievable. First, you had to step up about 6-8 inches into it, then, think airline bathroom, add a shower you can't move in and you've got it! I could touch the sides of the bathroom with my elbows. There was a &quot;business center&quot; if you consider the one computer. The staff was less than friendly. No one smile. Do yourself a favor and pass on this hotel. You really get what you pay for with this one. It's less than no frills.	
Aug 17 2009 	Need a Sense of Humour	This hotel wasn't what we were expecting for our 3 night stay. We paid $AU142.79 per night which included a full breakfast. Other travellers had talked about tiny bathrooms, but we had a tiny bedroom and tiny bathroom. We had a double bed, a desk, a chair, a small open cupboard and not much else. We had great difficulty fitting our suitcases into the room. We had about 15 inches between the bed and the window, about 12 inches between the foot of the bed and the wall, about 6 inches between the cupboard and the bed (we had to go through sideways) and with our suitcases in the room couldn't open the bathroom door fully or the door from outside fully. When one of us wanted to come out of the bathroom, we would yell a warning and the other person had to go into the hallway to avoid being clobbered by the door. We did a lot of laughing. Apart from this, the hotel was clean and comfortable. The staff were reasonably helpful except for one lady who spoke the worst English we had encountered on the whole of our 3 month trip around Scandinavia, Russia, Eastern Europe, Ireland, etc. The location was great, easy walking distance to everything, such as Buckingham Palace, the underground, theatres. The breakfasts were excellent, but best to get there early or you have to queue, as tables limited. Very friendly service at breakfast. Our room was on the main road, but the noise didn't really bother us. The bathroom was clean and well stocked. It was small, but no smaller than a bathroom on a ship. At least we had a lift so didn't have to walk up stairs.	
Aug 15 2009 	Hands down the WORST hotel I've ever stayed at. Completely misrepresented!	Where do I even start? We arrived pretty late and had no options to go anywhere else since everything was booked in the area. I guess I'll just start listing this hotel's details:1) Hotel listed as a 4-star....what a joke! This is a 1-star. I'm seriously not kidding.2) Rude staff from the moment we walked in the door to when we left as early as possible the next morning.3) Smelly and dirty everywhere, but much worse once you leave the lobby4) TINY everything: lobby, elevator, hallways, rooms5) No a/c or ventilation of any sort6) Our room: broken window glass, wires hanging out of wall, mold stains on wall and ceiling, filthy floor, phone, table, blankets, and pillows, hair on bed and pillows, green corroded electric water heater (for tea) 7) Advertising photos were taken with a special lens to make it appear larger than it is. We laughed when we looked at the online photos after we got back. 8) No services of any kind: room service, extra towels, restaurant, etc. 9) Oh, almost forgot the beetles found inside the pillowcase.We slept in a 90*F room on top of bath towels hoping not to catch a disease. It was the worst experience I've ever had at any hotel worldwide.10) Tried to charge us 25 pounds for the service of calling us a taxi. Good thing I had an international cell phone instead.	
Aug 14 2009 	Consider staying somewhere else!	Upon arrival we checked in and went to our room. We couldn't get our bags in the room let alone ourselves. When we complained the staff gave us the opportunity of viewing another room as an alternative. This room was similar size but different placing of furniture meant that we could at least get our bags in the door. Where to put them when we shut the door however became a problem. Our bags had to be placed on a narrow dresser and small luggage stand which were 10 inches from the foot of the bed. There was no room on the floor for our bags and the only cupboard had a chair in it under the hangars. With our bags on the dresser and luggage stand you had to crawl over the bed to get from one side to the other. The ensuite consisted of a toilet, basin and shower with curtain and this whole room was only slightly larger than just my shower at home. The photos on the website do not show the room that we paid for almost six months in advance. This hotel is old, carpets are worn and there is a general smell of mustiness. We were there in summer and with no airconditioning, if you open the window you have the sound of a fairly busy road and a ceiling fan to keep you awake at night. Breakfasts were OK and Tiago in reception was helpful. How did it get a four star rating??	
Jul 23 2009 	Clean friendly good location comfortable	Unfortunately our triple room was on the ground floor, making it quite noisy at night. However, the room was nice and clean, with adequate space and comfort. The bathroom was especially clean and nicely renovated, but very small. The staff were very helpful and friendly (just don't try to use the internet on the TV option). No A/C and because we were on the ground floor we couldn't leave the windows open. The fan was adequate but really noisy. You might want to take an eye mask: the hotel's outdoor light shone directly into the room.We recommend the hotel but suggest you ask for a upper floor room. The internet rate (in advance, non refundable) was a good deal. We paid 169 GBP for a triple for 2 nights.	
Jul 23 2009 	Absolutley Brilliant	Recently visited London with my boyfriend and stayed at the Sidney Hotel.Lots of hotels on Belgrave Road and Sidney looked by far the best. We got a great deal through alpharooms.com and stayed for 2 nights. Staff were very helpful especially a couple of the male staff...although there is one female member of staff who is slightly rude. Rooms are great for a short stay but definitely wouldnt reccomend it for a longer stay. Bit cramped but nothing that would ruin your visit. The toilet/shower is really quite small but very modern and clean so again nothing that would ruin your stay. They could definitely use double glazing though the noise from the road is quite loud at night. Area/location is top notch, cant get any better for the price. Definitely pick up a map on your first day it will really help, we worked it out by ourselves for first few days, but picked up a map later ... head to the Thames and you'll find Parliament, Westminster Abbey, The London Eye, The London Aquarium....15mins walkTrafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus are also a short walk away..mabye 30mins walkAlso get a map of the tube because taxis are a waste of money, all day for tube service is like £5 much cheaper and gets you anywhere.London is great city to visit and Sidney Hotel is the perfect base to explore the city.	
Jul 16 2009 	Unfriendly unhelpful staff...Tiny "bathroom"	I stayed here for a few days whilst doing some touring and attending a concert.The first thing I noticed on entering was how small it was. The &quot;bar&quot; in the photos is actually in the corner of the tiny lobby. The staff on reception (one girl in particular) was quite rude and unwelcoming. Later when I asked if there was any food available in the hotel all she offered was &quot;no&quot;. I then had to push for more details as to where I could go in the area. Then, there's the bedroom. Tiny is the only word to describe it. The bathroom looks like it was removed from a caravan, with rust lining the door.Would never stay here again.	
Jun 22 2009 	Fine for a weekend	I stayed at the Sidney for 3 nights with a cheap deal booked as a theatre package. We picked this hotel due to the close proximity to the theatre. It was about a 10 minute walk down a busy well lit road from Victoria station. Lots of cafe's and restaurants around, can especially recommend O Sole Mio across the road and Uno's nearby for good italian food, there's a big Tesco 5 mins away too.The staff at the hotel weren't the friendliest but think this was a language barrier issue. The room is really small but for a weekend was fine, flat screen tv, tea/coffee facilities. The bathroom.....lol.....is teeny! I am 5 foot 4 and size 12 and i was struggling in it but a good powerful shower nonetheless! None of the decor in our room matched and i think this made it feel a bit grubby.We had breakfast included in our deal which is served in the basement, it was sausage, bacon egg, beans, toast or cereal, it was fine for the standard of hotel i felt.The walls are paper thin so i recommend earplugs, the first night there was so much traffic noise i coulda slept better on a motorway.not too far a walk from Buckingham Palace, we actually walked most places easily (Covent Garden, Oxford Street, Harrods) although it was about 40mins walk to Harrods it's not unpleasant.We found the hotel to be a convenient base for a theatre break in London.I probably wouldn't recommend this particular hotel to a friend, however, this street is packed with hotels so would recommend the area.	
Jun 16 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	I was a bit worried when coming to London. I had been to London several times before and I was always disappointed with the hotels. Nice pictures - terrible rooms.This time was different - the hotel was clean and looked just as in the pictures, The staff was friendly and helpful. English breakfast boring after 3 days :)... but very filling! You had to queue to get a table but that's what happens when everybody gets up late and comes for breakfast just before closing:)The twim room I got was on the ground floor. It was very small and the bathroom was very!! tiny. But clean!!!!!! Towels were changed every day!Bus stop in front of the hotel but I always prefer walking - only 3km to Trafalgar Square!Pimlico or Victoria tube stations (Victoria line) are not far away.Luggage room for free Safe available at the reception (approx 3GBP)Hair-drier in the roomLCD TV set	
Jun 11 2009 	Okay but not great	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in May. We were given a room in the basement, so I don't know if the rooms on the other floors were any better, but our room was SMALL and the bathroom was TINY!! My husband and I are under 5'9&quot;, relatively skinny and showering for us was even uncomfortable - if you were any bigger, I don't know how you'd fit in the tiny shower. Aside from that, the bathroom was clean and it seemed newly renovated. Also, because we were in the basement, we could hear people walk up and down the stairs every night. The rest of the room was quite clean as well, the only thing was the blanket which had stains all over it. Even though there was a clean sheet between you and the blanket, it was still kind of gross. The location was good, but it still took us a while to walk anywhere. It also rained 2 out of the 3 days we were there, so that made for a miserable walk. We ended up paying for the tube, which then defeated the purpose of staying here. I originally chose this hotel because of the location so I could walk and not tube it. If I had known I was going to take the tube, I would've chosen somewhere else to stay. If you're willing to walk in the rain, then the location's not bad. The breakfast wasn't very good and the staff was rude. You get a buffet of coffee, tea, juice, sausages, bacon , 2 kinds of eggs, toast and cereal. We ended up only eating breakfast one of the days we were there. The front desk staff wasn't very friendly either and a few of them didn't appear to understand or speak english. They didn't provide us with any helpful information for any of the questions we asked.	
Jun 2 2009 	So does size matter?	Well, to be honest yes it probably would if I'd been staying for a while but as I was only there for one night it was fine. One of the smallest hotel rooms I've ever encountered but everything else was fine and some things were better than I was expecting. Clean, nice modern decor, comfy bed, good shower, big opening windows to get some fresh air in. And how refreshing to be checked in and out by someone with a friendly smile and obviously keen to provide a good service. Breakfast was OK once I found the restaurant but I would urge people to take note of the warnings about getting there early - I was shown straight to a table at 8:00 but by the time I left they were queuing down the (very narrow) corridor.	
Mar 20 2009 	Nice Hotel for short stay in London	Spent 3 nights on a short leisure break via Superbreak. Hotel is clean and tidy. Staff are very helpful and friendly. Room was fine, choice for breakfast was somewhat limited but more than adequate. Hotel is situated circa 5 minute walk to Pimlico underground station which gives easy access to the whole of London. There are a number of restaurants/cafes locally which are reasonably priced. As a recommendation all I can say is that we would stay there again.	
Mar 19 2009 	Depends what you want - know what to expect and it's great	We booked two rooms for three nights, having both read previous positive reviews and visited the hotel on a previous London trip. It seems to be getting some bad reviews on Trip Advisor lately although I can't understand why. Perhaps it depends on what you expect. Positives:Location - outside the centre but for public transport you can't get better - a reasonable walk from Victoria Coach/Train/Tube stations although far enough for those lacking mobility to catch a bus. The bus stop is outside the front door of the hotel and the #24 route is 24hours a day (max 15 minute intervals, 7-8 during the day). This route takes you via Westminster/Parliament Square into Trafalgar Sq, Leicester Sq, or Tottenham Court Road within 15 minutes. We used it every day and it was ideal, especially if mobility is a problem for the tube. Cleanliness - spotless hotel in both public spaces and rooms.Service - all English speaking staff (true, not first language for those serving breakfast or cleaning although no problems at all communicating) who were only to happy to help. We were allowed to check in two hours early.Value for money - excellent value. For the budget, this was an excellent hotelBeds - modestly sized but a good night's sleep. Very comfortable. Of course, a glass of wine aids sleep as well so don't necessarily take my word for it here!Negatives:Size of rooms - yes, they are small even by London standards. However, when I visit London I sleep in the room and not much else. The size was perfectly adequate for our needs although I appreciate that some would find it a touch cramped. I felt they were designed cleverly to deal with the lack of space but would not be ideal for those who spend a lot of time in their rooms. Lift - it's typically small and broke down once during our trip (seems to happen in all London hotels as a matter of course)TV - located fine if you like watching TV in bed, but the shape of our room meant it was the only place you could see it from. We always turned it off and it was always back on again the next time we entered the room. To me, the TV was irrelevant to my stay but mentioned here for others. Neutral information:Breakfast - it's true you will not find a continental breakfast here. A typical English breakfast served in a refectory style by pleasant ladies behind a counter. Not fantastic but perfectly acceptable to me for a budget hotel. There are also cereals. Tea and coffee are served very regularly at your table and the service is warm and friendly. The breakfast room, in the basement is clean and relaxed. Noise - it's hard for any hotel to affect outside noise levels. Considering Belgrave Road is very much 24-hour we found it a very peaceful hotel. The only disturbance we did have was some young Spanish gentleman who had decided to have a football match at 3am in the street one night. Not the hotel's fault and these things happened. Fortunately, they don't let us Brits carry shotguns or I may have caused a diplomatic incident!I understand that not everyone will be satisfied by this hotel. I would class this as an excellent budget hotel, and the trick is in what to expect. The key is the word budget. Value for money, cleanliness, friendliness and location were all excellent. However, if you don't like a very ordinary breakfast or small rooms or are expecting top-end facilities, maybe this isn't the right place for you. All four of us were delighted with our stay and the next time I visit London I'll definitely use the same hotel.	
Mar 17 2009 	Perfect Location	A group of six of us stayed March 13th for 2 nights. The hotel was clean and the staff were friendly,. The location was great being a 10 minute stroll from Victoria Station. The bathrooms are of average size for en-suite. We had no problems during our 2 night stay and all agreed we would stay there again.	
Feb 2 2009 	Dissapointing stay	We stayed here for 4 nights in January. After reading the reviews on here I was expecting a recently refurbished room with a lovely tiled bathroom. What we got was much less than that. Our bathroom was a plastic moulded all-in-one which would look more in place in a caravan than a hotel room. The shower was quite nice though. Our room was looking a bit shabby, or maybe it was just the impression created by the bathroom.We didn't encounter any staff who spoke English as a first language. And the lady who checked us in had such a strong accent I couldn't understand a word she said. I was glad that they gave me a card with breakfast times on it, or I would have had no idea. But maybe it may have been better if I didn't know when the breakfast was served, it really wasn't very impressive. You get a choice of two or three cereals, plus a hot buffet - scrambed eggs, inedible fried eggs, cheap sausages, bacon (which was cold even though I got the first rasher off a new batch), baked beans and mushrooms. Toast was pre-cooked and cold by the time I got it. I had breakfast one day and then chose to eat out every other morning.But the worst part of my stay was the fact that they never changed my sheets. I have recently had a mole removed from my back, and the wound bled onto the sheets on the first night. I know that it is general industry practice to change sheets every three days, but I thought in the circumstances an exception could have been made. Every day I came back to the hotel hoping my sheets had been changed, but they never were, even after three days. So I slept on soiled sheets every night of my stay. Everything else at the hotel would have been forgivable, but this clearly shows a lack of standards. The best thing about the hotel is the location, but there are plenty of other choices withing a couple blocks of the hotel. I won't be returning.	
Jan 25 2009 	Unhappy and Distress Hotel Staff	Family and I traveled four countries while on Holiday, our last stop was London. A travel agent recommended the Sidney Hotel 68-76 Belgrave Road. From the moment we entered this hotel, it was obvious this was going to be an unpleasant stay. No matter what time of day, (desk clerks, breakfast staff) the attitude was all the same with the exception of one person. The bartender was the only person we encountered to be pleasant, he managed to hold a conversation and was really a nice person. However, the rest of the hotel staff was rude and unpleasant the rooms were below average (little did we know). We will never stay at this hotel and recommend others to stay as far away as possible. There are many other wonderful hotels in London with nicer rooms and nice staff. We regret not staying at our usual hotel....!	
Jan 21 2009 	Smallest room imaginable	The most worrying thing is that the hotel displays AA 4 star signs. 2 star would be generous so the obvious conclusion is that AA ratings are not worth anything.The Sidney is one of hundreds of hotels in the Pimlico/Victoria area but should be your last choice. The double bedroom I had was so small you could not get to one side of the bed which meant you could not reach the 'wardrobe'. On the other side, there was a small desk but there was no room for a chair in the room. The TV was just above the wardrobe which meant standing up to use the remote. If there had only been a single bed in the room, it would have been cramped but acceptable. It would have been unbearable to have two people sharing such a small space.The shower room was so small that there was no space for anything round the washbasin. The washbasin was inset into an alcove, meaning one could not stand directly in front of it. But I was lucky, a colleague had one of the plastic bathrooms mentioned in other reviews. They are acceptable on a river cruiser but not in a hotel.Breakfast choice was limited - no fruit, etc.If you are going to arrive late at night and leave first thing in the morning, the Sidney might be acceptable for one night.	
Dec 15 2008 	Nice little hotel!	Nice small hotel with great design throughout the hotel.Checking in was excellent, staff friendly enough and everything you need in a hotel.The twin room was spacious enough, however the bathroom was a joke. Just like an aeroplane toilet, fuctional and clean though with a good shower!The beds weren't very soft therefore I didn't really enjoy my sleep.The breakfast was ok, but the variety was poor. Not much fruit, cheese or ham available. Just basic cereal and fried english food.The metro was 3-5 minutes walk, but in the rain seemed like 30 minutes!Overall it was excellent value for money and highly reccomend it for its position!	
Dec 3 2008	Lovely Hotel!	A group of twenty people plus me, stayed at the Sidney Hotel for a long weekend. I was a bit wary, as it was my first time booking online, and you never know if you can trust all that is written...I´m glad to say, that all we got from the hotel was great. Friendly and helpful staff, the rooms had enough space for all that we wanted. But above all, very clean. They were patient with us when checking in and out.Very nearby the restaurants which we had booked, which was great as not much walking needed to be done.I will be repeating the experience of staying there, hopefully in the Spring.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Spot to Stay	We stayed here for 3 nights. It was a great location close to Victoria station. We were a family of 2 adults and 2 young children. Sidney Hotel was able to provide us we a great quad room with plenty of space. The room and bathroom were extremely clean and the hotel was nice and quiet. The breakfast was ok. but if you are expecting a traditional english you'll be disappointed. A pub around the corner served great meals for 7 pounds.	
Nov 26 2008 	....ideal for our budget and requirements	.... this is a smart clean hotel situated within a short ,ten minute walk from victoria station and easy to find . It was clean and fresh with helpful staff both on reception and elsewhere in hotel's friendly atmosphere !! Our bedroom a double, on top floor, although on small side catered for our total requirements plus a super shower too and a comfortable bed . Towels were changed daily and our room maid left it fresh and tidy for us to use again .Full English breakfast was just that and plenty too eat, also hot and well cooked! A good start to a day of trekking around london's streets .Our one and only small complaint was breakfast's last sitting was 9 am and a long lie would have been appreciated each day....as in our beds mostly in wee small hours !! Overall i would happily recommend this hotel for quality and price to anyone ....we spent a happy 4 days there and will return next year most definately !	
Nov 19 2008 	Nothing wrong...	I spent two nights in this hotel. Just like pointed by other customers nothing gone wrong : staff is pleasant, rooms are clean, bathroom is small :-)You'll find a Lcd TV with pay per view and free channels ( English TV only) and coffe/tea maker daily re-filled. You can't tune room heating ...just open or close the window... dont know what happens during hot summers.Quiet road almost without traffic during the night ( except on Saturday) and it's close to Victoria Station.Would stay again definitely.	
Nov 14 2008 	Tiny Room a Big Disappointment	If you need a little elbow room in the bathroom or are claustrophobic, this is NOT the hotel for you. The bathrooms are only the tiniest bit larger than those you would find on an airplane - there's barely room to brush your teeth without banging your elbows into the walls. We booked a triple room for me, my husband and our 10-year-old niece. The room was classified as a triple, I guess, because they managed to shoehorn in three beds. In my estimation, the room was suitable for only one person or maybe a married couple who don't mind stepping over one another to move around the very small room.	
Nov 13 2008 	Good London option	In London for a business trip, stayed two nights and really struggled to find anything wrong with the hotel at all.Located on a road with many other hotels on it - wide and safe, five minute walk to Pimlico tube or ten minutes to Victoria, lots of restaurants, pubs and even a good Sainsburys supermarket within five minutes walk. Very friendly welcome - staff very attentive - noticeable at breakfast time where there are plenty around to ensure the coffee is topped up and clearing tables etc, the breakfast is hot buffet and of a decent standard. My room was quite large, with a flat screen TV mounted on the far wall some distance away when lay in bed! Shower room small but very clean. Would stay again definitely.	
Oct 17 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed in a single room for 1 night. Everything was neat and clean and the staff was friendly. The bathroom could be compared to that in an airplane ;-) - but acceptable for a shorter stay. The breakfast was great – cereals, fruit juice and full English breakfast with coffee and/ tea. I will stay in this hotel again - good location, great breakfast and reasonably priced if you book on the internet in advance (I paid GBP 65 B&amp;B for one night).	
Oct 2 2008	Not a bad place to stay	I had a single room for 3 nights over the weekend. This was a first floor room. The noise from the street in Fri and Sat was a bit too noisey for my liking e.g...people coming back from the pub, buses, cars, delivery vans, etc. Sunday night it was obviously a lot more quite. I turned the over head fan on to drown out the noise one night, but woke up in the morning freezing cold! The room was very small, with a micro sized toilet and shower. Room was clean, modern and well presented so nothing to fault on that front. Breakfast is between 7.30am and 9am. This is not really too good, as it effectively shoe horns guest into the hotels prefered time slot. It may be convenient for the hotel, but not the ideal times for guests. I went down for breakfast on Sunday morning at 8.25am and had to stand in line for ages until there was a free table. The breakfast was good, a cooked buffet, so nothing to fault there. On the main desk the tarrif rate being displayed for a single room was £130, but there is no way I would pay this. I paid about £60 and at that price it represents a good deal. The hotel is pretty close to Victoria train station and very close to Pimlico underground in the Jubilee line.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great location	Great location, friendly staff and clean rooms.A little bit expensive though.	
Aug 5 2008 	Really Nice Hotel	really nice hotel, spotless room, gorgeous en-suite. Room was a little warm, and the air-con is just a fan on the ceiling which can be a little loud at night. Apart from this its a really nice hotel, great location, staff are really friendly......highly recommended for work or pleasure stay	
Jul 31 2008 	Good experience just as described	Good service, staff are friendly and breakfast was nice. However, the shower/toilet room was small, especially the shower-very cramped! The room wasn't big either, overall it was fairly small..I would say it is a 3star although it has been rated by AA as 4star. Putting that aside, it was an impressive hotel overall, staff are friendly and rooms are clean. It is about a 10min walk from Victoria tube station and food places are also a 10min walk away. Lots of restaurants and bars nearby in a town and shopping centre. Book online...works out very cheap!!...we booked a triple room at £85 a night and was £169 per night at the hotel if booked from there.	
Jul 31 2008 	Nice hotel for sight seekers	Within easy walking distance of Victoria Coach or Train station. Nice clean and residential area. Small cosy bar, lift to floors, Small rooms that are very clean and adequate for a short stay break. (would not be good for tall or large built people). Capsule size en-suite shower rooms. Very friendly and approachable staff. Breakfast average full English buffet style served to you. Just down from the hotel are 5/6 restaurants Italian, English, Bistro style food. Pub. Small street market 2 streets away. Nice bakery, Deli, store nearby. Bus stop outside the hotel is a direct line into Trafalgar Square. From the hotel-15/20 minutes walking distance to Buckingham Palace. Ideal location for sightseeing for the good travel connections nearby.	
Jul 25 2008 	Extremely nice clean quiet hotel near Victoria Station - great breakfast incl.	We were delighted with this smaller hotel - close to the Victoria Station and the Gatwick Express. The room was modern, clean, quiet, staff was very helpful and the included breakfast was very good. By booking early we got a considerable discount.	
Jul 12 2008 	Never Again!!!	Don't visit this hotel if:-1. You are bigger than a size 8, you'll never get into the toilet, bathroom or shower2. You like polite friendly staff3. You expect anything other than naff4. You don't like travel lodgesMy friend and I were looking for a reasonably priced hotel near to Buckingham Palace. I checked on the hotel website which showed a very modern hotel. The picture on the web is obviously the only large room in the hotel. Our room was absolutely awful, it was a cupboard. There were two single beds that you could hardly move around (compact isn't the word). A wardrobe with no door and the bathroom was similar to a plane toilet. Terrible...........The staff were miserable and the breakfast naff. All in all totally disappointed and felt conned by the hotel website. Go elsewhere, i will in future.	
Jul 3 2008 	Toilet too small	3 adults so we got a room for triple on the ground floor. We only stayed a night but that was enough for us.Breakfast could do without but staff was polite.We can tell effort has been put in to make the room modern but still using cheap cupboard without door, miserable small toilet and no air condition in the room.Good location but I'm sure the hotel can be improved to be one of the best in that area.	
Jun 7 2008 	OK hotel with cold stuff	I was in Sidney hotel in may 2008 for five days with price of 99 pounds discounted from 135 pounds, full English breakfast included. Breakfast was OK, hotel have elevator which is OK. Rooms are small but clean and tidy. Floors in hotel are made of wood so they scratching all the time while you walking (terribly). Stuff was nice but cold. Hotel has great location just 5-6 minute walking distance from Victoria station with all connections for every part of London. River is also near, and a few local restaurants and shops. I noted that abigail (room cleaners) 1-2 times while I stayed in hotel did not clean or fit bed or blankets!!!! So, average hotel, with great locations and good breakfast.	
Jun 3 2008 	great location	Nicely located hotel very clean rooms the bathroom is a bit small but ok for short stay very clean. friendly staff, helpful on reception and in the breakfast room. victoria and pimlico tubes a short walk away, walking distance to Buckingham palace. No 24 bus stops outside the hotel and takes you directley to Trafalgar square.Had a great time would definatley go back.	
May 25 2008 	sidney so small	I booked 2 twin rooms for a 1 night stay with friends, at first glance the rooms looked quite nice. Then we looked for the bathroom which was more like a cupboard, very cramped! I think the sidney hotel is trying to portray a boutique style hotel but without the style. The breakfast was average, had better. The location was ok but i would say you are better going to pimlico tube stop as it is closer than victoria. overall I think i would give this hotel a miss next time.	
Apr 27 2008 	Very Nice	After reading the majority of reviews for this hotel, I decided to book here for 3 nights. I can't say I was disappointed. The staff at the hotel were extremely pleasant and helpful and I can't say enough good things about them. Although the room was on the small side (typical for London hotels), it was absolutely spotless, thoroughly updated and comfortable except for the fact that it was a bit too warm. The window did open, but needed to be propped and since the room overlooked the street, it was a bit noisy and the window needed to be closed at night. Breakfast was included in the cost of the room, and although not gourmet, a hot breakfast was available, as well as cereals and toast which were adequate for our needs. I definitely would stay here again if ever in London. It was close to Victoria Station and from there trains or the underground were available to take you wherever you wished to go. There are many restaurants in the area, and those we used were very good. I booked this room directly from the hotel's website and got the best price there instead of at the &quot;discount&quot; booking sites. My only advice is that you ask for a room that does not overlook the street.	
Apr 9 2008 	Unpleasant stay	I stayed two days at this hotel for business event and the experience I had with this hotel was absolutely far from comfort – awful if this is a better word to describe it. The staff was extremely rude to guests, when my first check-in at the lobby I politely ask the girl at frond desk to check my reservation that my agent had booked for a twin bedroom for 2 nights and she strangely looked at me and said my agent had just booked a single room (like I’m lying to her) and she shown no intension to check the hotel voucher I had on my hand for approval or what so ever and without checking for assurance again she said “we are fully booked at this time and our hotel are full all the time” (I guess they are all first time guests like me), then she started saying if you are welling to pay extra for upgrade I might be able to put you into another room for a double or whatever is available. I agreed to paid in advance (thinking my agent will deal with reimburse later) then I ended up to an extremely small room on the second floor with a “twin bed” and airplane size bathroom like everyone else said. The floor was wracked, wallpaper was pilling off, no air condition and “best of all” some gross stuff were marked on the carpet in the room. I complaint to another guy at the front desk the next day and he acted nothing to my response (seemed is normal day it happens) Breakfast was almost the same everyday, the elevator was working during my stay but it appalled as it shakes a bit when it stopped. On the day I check out I heard the lady in the front desk yelling again to these guests who are about to checking but came across with room problem as well. Isn’t it makes you feel like skunk or something? It was so dreadful and problematic I will NEVER recommend anyone to stay at this hotel!!!	
Mar 22 2008 	good value	I stayed in this hotel last week,and I was satisfied with it.The location is excellent,the room was clean.The staff was helpfull,and the berakfast was okay too.I think this hotel is a good value for money.My advice is that ask for a room at the upper floors to avoid the loud and busy breakfast on the underground floor.	
Mar 5 2008	Terrible hotel!	Stayed in this hotel for 1 night before catching the train to the airport. Was extremely dissappointed. I booked a single room but ended up with a triple room in the basement of the hotel. The bedding was stained and to be honest the bathroom was soo bad that I tried to spend as little time in there as possible. The wood and paintwork below the shower was falling apart due to rot and the ceiling was covered in mould. The toilet seat was chipped and dirty. As I was in the basement, the windows were covered with bars and you were directly below people walking along the street. From reading other peoples' reviews, it seems that some of the rooms in this hotel are fine. However, if you do decide to book here, request that you don't have a basement room. As a single female, I felt quite unsafe in this room right in the basement.	
Feb 27 2008 	We enjoyed the Sidney.	Having recently stayed at the Sidney hotel, I can say that I would go back there again. We booked two rooms, one single and one double, and while they were quite small, I didn't expect too much. That being said, the rooms were quite nice and seemed pretty clean and modern looking. The shower was tiny however, but the water was hot, so in my books, that's a good thing, considering some of the places I've stayed!As mentioned by previous reviews, the location is brilliant. It is very close to both Victoria station and Pumlico station and there is also a bus stop right out front which is very handy. There is a Sainsbury near by to do some grocery shopping, as well as a smaller market closer too. There are a few nice resturants as well, and we enjoyed a meal at the Italian place across the road.Breakfast wasn't bad. Not much variety, but it was a nice way to start the day. The only downside I would say is the staff are a little disinterested and not all that helpful at all. Other than that though, we enjoyed our stay, and given the location, I would stay there again.	
Feb 15 2008 	Good for short stay	Very small rooms, especially single ones, but great location. Bus stop is 10 meters from the entrance. Walk distance from Victoria tube and train station. Reasonably priced for Central London	
Jan 18 2008 	Nice room okay service...	Even though the rooms are quite small, they are nice and were remodeled in 2007. The location of this hotel (in Victoria) is great and there's even a bus stop directly in front of the place. Also, the Pimlico tube station is just 2 blocks away. Very handy.The breakfast is well done but not much variety so be prepared for that, if it's included in your room price. Service was interesting here. Not very friendly or helpful, really. Having access to the Business Center was great, even if it was 1 pound for 15 minutes to send e-mail. This is a lot more expensive than any Internet Cafe you will find.Constitution pub around the corner is great and the closest market only takes cash but there's an ATM inside if you happen to forget this. You're also within walking distance to the Apollo Victoria Theatre if you want to catch Wicked. Great show! Good Italian restaurant named Solo Mio near here, too.There are tons of hotels on this strip of road (Belgrave) so it shouldn't be difficult to find a room in this area, in case this particular place is booked.Enjoy!	
Nov 11 2007 	Rude staff member	When my friend and I arrived at the Sidney Hotel, we were sent to our room, only to find that it was a double and not a twin, as I had been promised. I called down to the desk and was told that the agent had only booked a double and to return to reception. When I got there, the woman in charge (not the nice one that had checked us in) kept telling me we had booked a double. I kept telling her the paperwork I had given her, including the voucher I had already given them, said we had a twin. She ignored this entirely until I pulled out a second copy and pointed to the guarantee of a twin room. She continued to be negative, saying that the hotel was nearly full and the chances of getting a twin looked poor. My friend was fed up and said, &quot;Not our problem.&quot; The woman turned rude and said she had told us she was working to sort out our problems. Believe me, she had given no indication that she was. She eventually put us in a room that was smaller than the double we had seen (and a fraction of the size of the one pictured on their website). On top of that, my bed sloped to the center of the room and it made sleeping uncomfortable. Even though my friend made a point of telling her we were happy with the room (a lie, but an attempt at apologizing), she continued to be extremely rude. The rest of the staff we encountered were pleasant and helpful, but our experiences at the hotel were not.	
Oct 30 2007 	I've stayed at nicer hostels...	After staying in very nice, clean, comfortable hotels for most of my trip (k &amp; k hotel george is excellent as is base2stay kensington) I ended it on a very sour note by staying at the Sidney. Upon arrival you're greeted by a nice lobby and staff. However my room wasn't ready yet so I stored my luggage and then went out. When I came back to the hotel later on the guy at reception helped me with my bags because he said there was no elevator...my room turned out to be in the basement. Literally, the basement. When I got down there I was so appalled that I couldn't even speak. There was no air circulation the hallways were dark, the wallpaper was peeling off of the walls, there was mold and water stains on the ceiling and it smelled like cigarettes. I went back upstairs and politely told the man that I couldn't stay in the basement. Without even looking up at me he said &quot;sorry, we're all booked.&quot; I explained that I needed a refund or a new room and to speak to the manager. After going back and forth he magically fond a new room for me which was above ground but equally disgusting. Since I had to leave the hotel at 6:30 the next morning I decided I could rough it. Both rooms were NOTHING like the pictures on the website. The walls are dirty, the furniture is very old, and you can literally reach out of the shower and touch the sink basin. It's like an airplane bathroom except with a shower. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Even on a budget there are nicer and cleaner hotels (base2stay is new and modern and only £89). And although I didn't eat breakfast there, it's also located in the basement of the hotel. Gross!	
Oct 28 2007 	we liked it!	We´ve stayed in this hotel for three nights and were very happy with our choice. A sign at reception listed a price of 139 GBP (approx 210 Euro) for a double per night, booking over one of the popular internet sites gave us a price of just 129 Euro per night including breakfast - which we considered a bargain. I´m rating this hotel &quot;neutral/average&quot;, so that it´s comparabel to other hotels we´ve stayed in all over the world - for London this hotel was certainly better than what i had expected given the price we payed.Location:Belgrave Road, located between Victoria Station and the river, is a beautiful street in Westminster with surprisingly little traffic and lots and lots of hotels, all situated in buildings of the same style - some looking a bit run down, others looking very professional or even new. We had no issues at all with noise, and walking back to hotel after midnight felt safe. There´s a few little restaurants, cafes and pubs in the immediate vicinity, plus a dry cleaner which might come in handy.Distances:to Underground: 5 Minutes walk to Pimlico (Victoria Line), 10 Minutes to Victoria StationBus 24 stops right in front of the hotel, and brings you to Victoria Station, Westminster Abbey, Parliament House, Whitehall, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square and on to British Museum and Camden Markets.on Foot: 10min: Tate Britain, 20min: Westminster Abbey, 20min: Buckingham Palace, 30min: London EyeHotel:Nicely coloured lobby with a small bar featuring a few tables and a TV. More Staff available than we´d had expected, and everyone was very friendly and helpful. Checking in, Checking out, getting our bags in and out of the luggage room all went extremely quickly. The Breakfast Room is downstairs and has limited capacity, opens at 7:30 (a bit late, we thought) and closes at 9 (a bit early, really) - so if you´re not there before 8 you´ll most certainly have to queue on the staircase and wait for a table to become available. They serve a “full english breakfast”, with bacon (good), sausage (well,...), scrambled or sunny-side-up eggs, mushrooms, beans, toast, the usual jellies and cereals. sadly: no fruits. A waitress brings coffee or tea to the table and that worked fine. All in all - not much to chose from, but the quality is ok. During breakfast we could see that the hotel is used both by tourists and by business people and workers - which we quite liked.Room: We had asked for a quiet, renovated room and received one downstairs - nevertheless it featured two fullsized windows where we could see a few patches of garden, a wall and a little bit of sky above. So, although rather dark, we liked the room - it was indeed renovated (according to staff, today “most” or “two thirds” of the rooms are renovated), fresh colours, clean walls, everything clean, new furniture, Hairdryer, TV and Web-Access if you needed it. The room was small, but compared with what we´ve seen in London over the years it was bigger than many others. Heating worked flawlessly, don´t know about air condition (there´s a fan at the ceiling, so maybe...). The bathroom was very small, but with a decent shower. There were a few little holes behind the the toilet and under the shower which didn´t look nice and should be mended, but all in all the bathroom was ok. In our room we had no noise at all from traffic, but the walls seem to be not too thick, so we could here running around in the rooms above - but as these rooms are all fairly small, running usually stops very quickly ;-). The bed seems to be fairly new, we slept very well, had enough and clean sheets, and woke in the morning without any backpain - what more can you expect?All in all, we liked this hotel, especially the extremely handy location, the clean room, the decent breakfast and the friendly staff. We´d certainly consider returning.	
Oct 4 2007 	Reasonable value - could be better	The Sidney Victoria has obviously had quite a bit of work done on it in recent times, and has many nice features, but a few relatively minor changes would make a big difference.Positives: Well staffed, staff are helpful and friendly, good location, nice flat-screen TVs, clean rooms, excellent quality breakfast, nice breakfast room.Negatives: Depressing &amp; dated decor in corridors and rooms, some rooms rather cramped, some bathrooms in need of renovation (e.g. lots of mould), some bathrooms very small.In summary, then, I think it would be a great place if they just painted the bedroom and corridor walls in a brighter colour &amp; sorted out the few problem areas with bathrooms. As London hotels go, this one isn't bad for the price, and I would certainly consider returning - they still seem to be having work done, so maybe these issues will be resolved soon.	
Sep 29 2007 	Average	I booked this hotel via Easyjet website. Belgrave Road is an really good area to stay, within walking distance of Victoria station and also Pimlico. There are sufficient shops, cafes etc in the vicinity.The Sidney Hotel reception area was quite impressive but the room was small (you could only get out one side of the double bed) I feel the photos on the website are slightly misleading as it makes you think the hotel rooms are better than reality. The en-suite bathroom was tiny and if you are a little overweight, getting to the sink may be a struggle. I won't be too picky as the hotel overall was satisfactory but I did feel misled by the photos.In the night, I waited approx 15mins by the bar and then the reception (where 3 staff were) and then by the bar again just to get a bottle of coke!!I stayed on the 3rd floor and early in the morning I could hear every single creaky footstep the room above made. It was very frustrating.The breakfast wasn't the best example of an English breakfast, service was pretty poor, as was the supply of food,,,, i.e. lucky to get piece of toast!On a positive note, the room and reception areas were clean. I would not pay £85 again to stay here as I didn't really enjoy my stay (poor breakfast and lack of sleep didn't help), but the area is convenient and I'm sure others would have a better stay!!! I would shop around in this area for a better value for money accommodation.	
Sep 20 2007 	Good Value	Wales.We spent 3 nights in this hotel and we must say that you probably won't get better value for money in London. The staff were polite and helpfull and the rooms were perhaps on the small side but kept very clean and tidy. A 5-10 minute walk from Victoria bus station and a easy 20minute stroll to Westminster it is ideally situated for visitors to the capitol.Would we go back to this hotel, the answer would be '' Yes'' and plan to in the near future.Gary and Carol	
Aug 31 2007 	Good for the price	This hotel seems to be in the process of renovating. Our room was very nice (except for the fan that seemed to have two speeds, terrifying and extremely terrifying), and the bathroom, though small, was very modern and looked newly redone (mostly because the paint wasn't quite finished on the door jam), but the hallways are dreary and old looking. But the hotel was clean, and well located near Victoria station, and the staff was helpful. So if you can get past the old hallways, this place is great, especially for the price in London. We got a better deal by booking through the hotel directly.	
Aug 15 2007	Very fair value hotel	We stayed here at the end of July and the hotel seemed really busy. Reception staff varied from impersonal and abrupt to pleasant and very helpful. We'd booked some weeks in advance, requesting two single rooms, adjacent, on the first floor or higher. We were given two double rooms, which was great, but the rooms were still small and both quite dark, with views of the back of the hotel - one room on the ground floor and the other on the third! My room had nowhere to hang clothes - just some drawers! My tea and coffee tray had fallen off the wall and was waiting for me on my bed! The single room I was offered as an alternative was better furnished, but smaller. so I declined the offer, opting for my double bed and modern bathroom over the single bed and wardrobe option! Our bathrooms were nice - one recently renovated and very modern - but one was small and the other tiny. The large flat screen TVs were a definite plus, but the choice of the advertised satellite channels was very disappoining - just ITV2 and a couple of news channels. Would have had more choice with Freeview! Rooms could be brightened up by a lighter choice of wall paint, rather than dull green. Breakfast was included in the price and was very satisfactory, served in a very pleasant breakfast room. All was quiet on my third room floor, but there was quite a lot of noise from the corridor outside the ground floor room. The location of bus stops directly outside the hotel and just around the corner was a godsend for my tired feet and the ten minute walk to Victoria Coach Station was most convenient. Plenty of shops within walking distance, where you could stock up on snacks, drinks etc. or find a place to eat out. The surrounding area was pleasant and felt safe to walk around in. All in all, very fair value for money, when you consider the central London location.	
Jul 30 2007 	Great stay	I took my teenage daughter for a saturday night's stay, having been to a matinee theatre performance.We booked through Superbreak, who offered us a good rate. The hotel seemed modern and the reception staff seemed a bit curt, but Hey, it is London!!We had requested a quiet room which was exactly what we were given: in the basement at the back of the hotel. The lighting was a bit poor but the facilites were adequate. I particularly liked the flatscreen tv! The location is also excellent, just a few minutes walk from Victoria station and an indoor shopping centre with a KFC.I would certainly go back.	
Jul 13 2007 	Mixed review	I am a travel agent and always keep an open mind when I visit hotels! I had read all the reviews posted here but decided to make up my own mind...Most of the comments are correct.The breakfast room is way to small for the amount of guests staying at the hotel. There is little room to queue for the breakfast without upsetting those sat nearby tring to eat and both mornings we had to wait in a small corridor for a table to become free! The food was okay but 3 cereals, 2 juices and cooked breakfast was all that was on offer.Our room was recently decorated and I beleive these rooms are all on the lower ground floor if you want one. Our bathroom was ok in our room apart from the shower! The shower head did not fit the wall attachment so you had to stand with it in your hand, not very convenient! Our room was 606 and was on the main steet infront of a bus stop and under the reception. It was noisy because of both of those aspects. Had 3 nights bad sleep making me a grumpy girl!Staff are all foreign nationals so customer service not upto UK standard but it is London afterall I'm 6 months pregnant and not once was offered a seat on the tubes/buses during a 4 day stay.....Great location is the best thing about this one really!Well moan over, you'll have to make your own decision. We paid £97.50 for 3 nights (superbreak) which is about what you want to pay not the £120 a night on the door!!!	
Jun 11 2007 	OK time at the Sidney	We recently spent a few days at the Sidney Hotel. The best part of the stay there was the neighborhood. It was close to Victoria Station. I can't emphasis how nice it is to be close to a Circle line while in London. After this place, we stayed in one in Knightsbridge that is on the Picadilly line. Everywhere we went, we had to transfer.The Sidney has small rooms that are fairly clean. The breakfast buffet was OK but one of the worst of our 2 weeks (6 places) in England.It was nice to have a bar in the hotel and we used it to unwind after a long day of sightseeing.	
Jun 11 2007 	Very Happy with Hotel	I was very worried going to the Sidney Hotel after i read previous reviews but have just returned from a two night stay at this hotel, we had a triple room for two adults and one child. The room was lovely, clean and the beds were so comfy! I thought the location to Piccadily Tube Station was excellent (only about a 3 minute walk), the staff were very friendly to us and i thought the breakfast was fine, although we did have to wait to be seated on the second morning as there were not enough tables.I would recommend this hotel, if you are not expecting, or paying for luxury prices this hotel does the job, perfect to put your head down after a long day sight seeing - our room was 203 if it helps anyone it was a lovely room with balcony to the main street.One thing on the toilets, yes tiny, picture a caravan toilet and that will give you an idea!	
Jun 10 2007 	Nothing wrong with this place	Given the reviews we read prior to our stay, our expectations were as low as they could be. After our stay, we honestly could not find fault with it. Our room was very clean, checkin was friendly and efficient, beds were comfy and the shower was clean and had excellent water pressure. The other travellers who complained of the size of the shower recess have not been to the Greek Islands....that's small!! The hotel even had a lift!! Trust me, after staying in a different hotel for 9 nights during our trip around Nth England, scotland &amp; Wales, you appreciate not having to lug a suitcase up old, skinny creaky stairs.	
May 18 2007 	Fawlty Towers!	This was the most appalling 3* hotel I have had the displeasure to stay in. My friend and I had seperate rooms which could not have beenfurther apart. The room was dirty, run down and the bathroom was shocking. One tiny space with a loo and very small sink and squeezed in the corner a shower all of which were very dirty. The room was dingy and had no view. I felt like crying to be honest!!The bar was ok and open late. The bed was clean and reasonably comfortable until 630am when all I could here was lots of noise from the kitchen.I would not recommend and never stay again!	
May 17 2007 	A terrible experience	This hotel is very tricky* I checked their website before booking, the image of the rooms in the website is very contemporary and nice; however, when we checked in, it was terrible. Very old furniture and small room. Totally different from what it presented in the website* I booked a double room and paid advanced but they give me a family room. I don't need an extra bed in the small room! however, the hotel staff felt that I had taken advantage because they gave me a family room! They said I should be happy that they didn't charge me for the extra bed! That's ridiculous! If there is no double room available, they shouldn't confirm my booking!!! Don't give the customer what they didn't pick! Don't try to be smart by saying that 'we didn't charge you for the extra bed!' If this was the only room available, please inform us before we checked in. I was completely unhappy with this hotel. I would recommend the relavant authority to check this hotel with comparison of their website. Very deceiving.	
May 12 2007 	Good reasonably priced hotel	I stayed at the Sidney hotel for 1 night in May. The hotel was very reasonably priced at 55 pounds for a single room, including breakfast, booked through Superbreaks. The Sidney is located a five minute walk from Victoria coach and train station, which was ideal for me when I arrived by coach on my own in the evening and then needed to catch the tube the following day. The staff were very friendly. The room was small, but had everything you needed including TV, shower, etc. The dining room was very nice and there was a choice of cooked breakfast, cereal and toast. A waitress came round serving coffee and tea, topping up when it was required. The hotel is ideal for singles, couples and families visiting London. Very good value for money.	
Apr 30 2007 	no way a four star just about a two	When booking this hotel I referred to their website and found the images of the hotel interesting. The bedrooms looked newly refurbished and modern. The bar looked good along with the general reception area of the hotel. When we returned later to the hotel later that day and where allocated our room what a shock we were in for. The room was anything but four star - walls had mould on them, carpets stained, furniture wore and chipped and the beds lumpy however the biggest shock was the bathroom. You could not swing a cat in it. I think it may have been converted from a built-in wardrobe. It was so small I actually could not get dried in it and I could barely sit down on the toilet. It was worse than a caravan. The ceiling fan in the room sounded like a helicopter taking off. The bar in the hotel was so quiet you could hear a pin drop and I had to pleasantly remind the bar maid that it was happy hour. Despite all this there was a LCD TV in the room which was nice and the breakfast the next day was tasty. Overall I would not advise staying in this hotel. Pay a little extra somewhere else. Believe me it would be worth it.	
Feb 15 2007 	OK but not without problems	Upon arrival our twin bed-room was converted into two single rooms. Water damages to some rooms? The receptionist told us they would not charge us extra. How very kind not to charge us to something we neither asked for nor wanted!!! The next day we would get a twin room. We asked for a voucher for a drink at the hotel bar as compensation, but no. Must be suppliers market in London.Avoid single-room 211 (dump), 414 was better, but noisy.Arriving home the next day our luggage were placed in out new room (104). Nice little room, street level, but ice-cold while the wind was blowing, even though the heat was set at maximum – fresh air supply were automatic through the window frames. The tiny toilet stayed icy the 3 days. Staff kindness and quality were up and down. Rooms and hotel were fairly clean. Breakfast is between 7 and 9. People waited to get a seat (late-birds). Breakfast were OK, apart from missing choice of fruit as promised on web-site. Location is great. We paid 320£ for four nights (two persons). Probably fair for the standard, considering London.Recommend the hotel. Yes, remembering London prices vs. hotel standard is on the suppliers side and not the visitors.	
Feb 5 2007	good location	This hotel is a few minutes walk from both Victoria and Pimlico underground stations. We arrived early and our rooms were not ready but the staff did ring housekeeping and found out that it would only be another 20 minutes. We decided to go for a wander around the area and as luck would have it found a lovely local. Went back to the hotel and found our room, which was small but clean. The bedding was clean and the sheets (which I always check) were crisp and white, the room had tea/coffee making facilities, a telephone and a flat screen TV. The bathroom was a step up from the bedroom and was tiny but functional and clean, it seemed to be made completely of plastic, odd but fine. Towels were clean and changed every day.Breakfast was OK the dining room was small and we had to queue for a few minutes for a table over the weekend. Breakfast was the usual juice, cereal and toast and then sausage, bacon, egg beans and mushrooms.This hotel was booked through an independent internet site and so we didn't pay the usual daily rate which was displayed in the hotel reception (£119 for a double room) if we had I would have been a bit disappointed with the size of the room etc but for the price we paid for central London it was a nice hotel.	
Jan 23 2007 	Not as Advertised and Very Noisy!	The rooms were nothing like what was advertised on this website or the hotel's own website. They advertise modern rooms but the reality is that the rooms they have are pretty shabby with old bedspreads and peeling wallpaper. My husband also had a rash on his chest that looked like bites after our night's stay, this may or may not be the result of the stay at this hotel - we will never know. The room we had was very noisy due to the lift shaft more or less running through it and next doors bathroom being next to the bed (you could hear everything through the wall!). The other 2 people in our party were allocated a room opposite the lift and right next to the door to the bar - so they were kept awake all night by the door slamming and people talking loudly while waiting for the lift! The bathrooms are also the smallest I have ever seen - you can hardly turn around in them. The breakfast room was also very small and crowded, nobody was there to seat people and the buffet breakfast was alright, when there was actually food there to take - I think they were toasting one slice of bread at a time! If our rooms were as advertised and not next to the bar/lift then I think this would've been alright, but they weren't, so we were not impressed at all.	
Jan 15 2007 	Brilliant spotless and quiet	Just back last night. Stayed here two nights. Paid £60 per night double room and breakfast (rack rate £119). Hotel appears newly decorated and spotlessly clean, yes the rooms are small and the bathroom's smaller but very comfortable and quiet. Staff extremely helpful. 5/10minutes walk from Victoria station. On main bus route 24 taking in most stops across London. Plenty of bars and restaurants locally and the hotel has a very comfortable bar. Would definately recomment it.	
Dec 5 2006 	Don't!	The Sidney Hotel was a real disappointment! We booked through their website, which showed pictures of nicely decorated hotel rooms - our room turned out to be tiny, old fashioned, and the bathroom was so small that it looked like it had been designed for a cabin in a ship! We were woken twice in the middle of the night by wake up calls that we didn't book. Staff were surly and unapologetic. Breakfast was okay, and included in the price and the location is great - 2 minutes walk from Pimlico tube station. The hotel was Supposedly RAC 4*, but I guess you get what you pay for in London - this was cheap, but certainly not cheerful. My advice is don't trust website photos and spend a little extra - it's worth it!	
Dec 2 2006 	not to bad	I stayed here for one night at a rate which was below £100. The decor is a bit dated , the room was of a reasonable size for the price paid, the carpet in my room could have been fitted much better and there was no sky 1 in my room. These were my main problems with the place. The plus points were that its close to central London yet in a reasonably quiet area of town and the room was comfy and a light breakfast served. Id stay there again if everything was to the same standard and i wasnt paying more than £65-70 a night	
Nov 27 2006 	Sidney is OK	Stayed in hotel one night on business. Booked a single but was upgraded free of charge to a double (I paid £52.50 by searching internet ..... was £85 on their web-site). I paced the room out at 7m x 4m + very small bathroom, Room was clean and so was the bedding. Great plasma TV sunk into wall. Quiet at night.Minor moans - some peeling wallpaper at seems, and the curtains didn't meet in the middle.Breakfast room was too small for hotel, with a limited choice.As I was travelling on my own, it was fine; if I had been with my family, they would have been a touch disappointed.	
Nov 15 2006 	Great if you're on a budget	The room was clean but very small. We were only staying two nights so it didn't matter us but if you have a lot of luggage then storage space would be a problem. The toilet and shower is tiny.Having said that we only needed a place to sleep and change as we wanted to make the most of our time in London. The staff were very friendly and the breakfast really set us up for the day.The location is excellent and over all I would say that this hotel offers good value for a short stay. We paid 115 sterling for a double room including breakfast. London is expensive and another 75 pounds a night will probably only get you slightly larger bedroom and bathroom and will probably not include breakfast. Just don't pack more than two suitcases!	
Oct 26 2006 	Horrible!	A DUMP!!!! STAY AWAY!!! I had the unfortunate experience of staying here with my young family over the summer and was horrified. To summarize, in our room we found: large holes in the walls; paint and wallpaper peeling; suspicious large brown stains on the sides of the beds; window jammed; microscopic bathroom with cracked sink and mirror; ventilation fan covered in dust; and no AC. And all this for a price of Euro 180 per night!! Take my advice and book elsewhere. S.L., Italy.	
Oct 14 2006 	Excellent stay	I stayed at the Sidney hotel two years in a row and haven't been dissapointed. We booked two twin rooms on this trip. Our room was quite cool while my childrens was warm. The rooms are clean, and the area is great for seeing the sites in London. The worst problem we found was the bland breakfast and unhappy servers. I would reccomend this hotel for the price and location. There are lots of great restaurants right in the area, and it's walking distance to most tourist attactions.	
Sep 26 2006 	An excellent little hotel	Having read the reviews for this hotel I decided to book a couple of single rooms at this little London hotel and was very pleased with the results! The service I received was courteous and professional from the very first phone call. The rooms were fairly small but were clean, tidy and had an on-suite shower room, wall mounted LCD TV and coffee / tea making facilities. The breakfast was served in a friendly manner and was a good quality typical English breakfast.The next time I go to that area of London I'll definately be staying at the Sidney Hotel again! It's really hit and miss as to whether or not you get a good quality affordable hotel in London so this one's a really good find!I would recommend that you book the rooms online to get an extra discount at (--)	
Sep 14 2006 	Size does matter!	This hotel was in a really great location (very close to the underground) and a bus, the #24 which made getting about really easy. However, the room was small and the bathroom, even smaller. We were there for the first leg of our honeymoon and it was cramped to say the least. Upon arrival, we were notified by the front desk staff that our reservation had not been received due to a malfunction on their part, however we had a confirmation number from hotwire. They accommodated us for one night in a room to the front of the hotel. The bathroom in this room was reminiscent of a &quot;porta-potty&quot; with a shower. I'm only 5 feet tall and it was too small for me! We were moved to another room for the remainder of our stay. It was very close to the kitchen so you could hear clamoring all morning long. The staff were somewhat helpful and somewhat friendly. The breakfast was great and the staff were really very nice in the breakfast area. This hotel is overpriced for the size, the bathroom is too small for any average sized American and beware of lost reservations. I would only recommend this place if you need a convenient place to stay and size doens't matter.	
Sep 2 2006 	great value for money	My husband, his brother and his wife and myself stayed at this hotel for five nights recently. We were down for The Rolling Stones concert at Twickenam and to enjoy the sights of London. We found the hotel to be in a fantastic location. Central for everything but far enough away from the 'biz' to be quiet and peaceful (except for the night when there were three rooms in our corridor filled with young French girls who ran between the rooms banging doors until 4.00am!) My husband and I found our room to be adequate, very clean and clean towels every day. As has been mentioned in other reviews the bathroom is very small but we managed! Breakfast was very nice, piping hot and the waitresses always round offering more tea and coffee. We all thought this hotel was fantastic value for money and will definately stay there the next time we come down to London.	
Aug 18 2006 	Sidney - Value for money	We stayed in the triple ensuite in the last week of july. The room was tidy, but was suprised to find that the t.v, internet, radio etc were not included in the price. Breakfast was simple and fulfilling in a nice dining room setting. The reception and waiting staff were frendly but the lady who we think was the host failed to crack a smile. We were able to leave our luggage for a short period of time despite checking out to be an excellent service. The Hotel is in prime location, conveniant to the bus stop which is just outside and from the coach station.The negatives: We found the room cosy but unequipped to deal with the soaring heat of up to 30-40degrees being experienced around the country. This only proved to be a problem at night, having been out during the day. We made do with a revolving fan, narrow opening windows and occasionally escaping to the airconditioned bar. In addition having to wait outside the dining room for exactly 7.30am for breakfast and not being allowed to wait inside was slightly tedious.Overall i would definately recommend this place to a friend, forewarning them about the lack of air-conditioning; and i would certainly go back there again next time in London. For the price its a bargain!Nagina, Lancashire	
Jul 31 2006 	Considering the price it was fine	We stayed at the Sidney in June, before the heat wave struck. Thank goodness, because even when the weather was 65-70ish, we were hot in the room. One small window didn't provide enough air, although the ceiling fan helped. We had the family room for 4 of us, and had 2 double beds, 2 single beds. Enough beds, small room but we didn't plan to spend much time there. The bathroom was miniscule...my 6'2, 250lb. husband actually knocked the toilet seat off when trying to brush his teeth...but we had stayed in hotels in Europe before and so weren't as shocked as we might have been otherwise. I'm extremely picky about hotel cleanliness, and this one was fine in that regard. Enjoyable breakfast included with the room, which was great for a family of 4 on a budget. Lobby/bar area was nice to sit in after a long day of touring but not yet ready to go to bed (which is all you're going to do in the small room). Overall for the money (less than most hotels in the area) it was a good value.	
Jul 29 2006 	Don't recommend it	We had the family room, which was a great idea, but the bathroom was as small as a Motorhome's bathroom and was that kind of bathroom. Shower overflowed onto the floor (it wasn't draining), which they corrected on the second day. We were there during the Heat Wave, and the room itself did not have airconditioning. The lobby had air. The room is above the kitchen, so when you sleep with window open, you are awaken by kitchen staff. We cancelled the last night we had there and found a different place to stay.	
Jul 11 2006	Good value for families with young children	We stayed in the family suite in early June. We had a double bed and all three kids had their own single beds. While the room was cramped, everyone was able to sleep well as they had their own sleeping space. The bathroom is a tiny pod but the shower has good pressure. There is a large flat screen TV. The room faced an air shaft which was quiet, but from the other reviews I wouldn't suggest staying here during the summer as there isn't enough ventilation. Breakfast room and lobby were nicely redecorated and breakfast was ample. For a family of five this is a good deal. It's not a room that you want to hang out in, but who wants to hang out in their hotel room in London anyway?? The neighborhood seemed safe and clean, too, which is a big plus for an inexpensive hotel.	
Jul 6 2006 	Smallest Bathroom	I have just stayed in one of the single rooms at the Sydney Hotel. The hotel itself was in a good location, about a ten minute walk from Pimlico station, and the area was fairly quiet.It was very hot when we stayed though, and the hotel rooms were not air conditioned. There was a ceiling fan, but it made so much noise, it was hard to sleep with it on.The bathroom was miniscule. The only way to use it and be able to turn round, was to leave the door open!!The staff were fairly pleasant though!	
Jun 26 2006 	Basic Hotel in London	I wouldn't stay there ever again.There was no ventilation in the room, a tiny bathroom, and the front desk staff were surly and rude. However, the hotel was clean, the internet access was reliable and the price was right. Nonetheless, I don't recommend this hotel	
May 12 2006 	Definitely not!	I stayed in the Sidney Hotel for one night only &amp; it is certainly not an experience to be repeated! I shared a small en-suite twin room on the first floor. The room did not have any air conditioning &amp; no member of the hotel staff had thought to open the windows during the day. Whilst the room was quiet, being at the back of the hotel, the condition of it was very poor for a hotel that charges approx £100 per night. There were cracks running across the ceiling and what looked like damp patches in several places. On one of the bedspreads there were at least three holes that looked like they were caused by cigarette burns. Whilst the bedspread was clean I cannot imagine how it had came to be used again! The room was extremely cramped &amp; the bathroom was even smaller. I would not recommend this hotel on any account. It is extremely overpriced &amp; the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!	
Apr 5 2006	never agin	small pokey single room like a shoe box awful	
Jan 30 2006 	Small but more than sufficient	The hotel is well positioned and convenient for central London. It's a fairly short walk from the Plimlico tube stop. Prices are low for the London but the low price in this case does not mean poor facilities, merely small ones.The room itself is not much bigger than the bed. Everything is clean and neatly laid out. The floors creak somewhat but there were no problems with noise as is common in cheap London hotels. The shower cubicle, bathroom and toilet are crammed into a tiny area but usable, although there isn't anywhere in the bathroom area to put anything where you can be sure it won't get splashed. The staff are pleasant, and the breakfast is a non-descript and fairly average English breakfast. Other facilities include a lift, although too small for any wheelchair bound person.This isn't a hotel room you wan't to live in for long periods, and I'd hate to imagine what it would be like with children. If however you are in London on business or to see the sights and have no plans to use the room except to store things and sleep in then I think you will be very happy.	
Oct 17 2005	Nice room if you can get it	We were lucky enough to get upgraded to a family room (single and double bed) which would have been tight for three people. Nicely decorated, and clean, with a full English breakfast, and helpful staff, the biggest drawback is the tiny bathroom. There's nowhere to hang anything, and I kept forgetting I needed to step down into the room. Still, I can recommend this hotel. Walking distance to Victoria Station and also on a bus route headed that way.	
Oct 10 2005 	good valuenear westminster staff helpful.	recently renovated. rooms small, but good for a budget hotel.full eng. breakfast, able to get a drink or coffee at anytime during the day, as reception staff would oblige.v. small bathroom, but big enough to perform all operations incl. shower.I will stay there again. check their website.	
Jun 9 2005	Good location		
May 3 2005 	Surely a hotel should shut during renovation work?!		
Jan 23 2005	Small and basic		
Dec 3 2004	Very quiet enjoyable hotel		
Jan 14 2004	You get what you pay for in London		
Jul 22 2003	Not for families		
Jul 22 2003	Delizioso		
Nov 19 2009 	relacion calidad precio excelente		
Nov 2 2009 	lilipuciens		
Oct 9 2009 	j'y retournerai volontier !!!!!!!!		
Sep 23 2009 	Bien situé...		
Jul 26 2009 	???????????????????		
Jun 27 2009 	Nous avons séjourné dans la cave		
May 17 2009 	muy buena relacion calidad precio		
Apr 26 2009 	Ideal ubicación para disfrutar de Londres		
Apr 20 2009 	super Lage Zimmer zu klein		
Apr 4 2009 	hotel sidney victoria londra		
Apr 1 2009 	Tutto perfetto.. anzi di +!!!!!!!!!!		
Mar 18 2009 	Ubicación ideal para conocer la ciudad		
Mar 1 2009 	hotel che mantiene quello che promette		
Feb 13 2009 	una pessima avventura pernottare al Sidney Hotel di Londra Victoria		
Jan 6 2009 	Gutes Budgethotel in zentraler Lage		
Jan 4 2009 	Un soggiorno stupendo		
Nov 29 2008 	londra non perde mai il suo fascino		
Nov 13 2008 	per chi vuole visitare Londra anche a piedi		
Sep 23 2008 	Está muy biennn		
Aug 27 2008 	En terminos generales bien		
Aug 20 2008 	Ottimo Sidney!		
Jul 1 2008 	Me sorprendió gratamente		
May 30 2008 	Excelente situación		
May 27 2008 	Lo recomiendo		
Apr 11 2008 	Ubicación estratégica		
Feb 29 2008 	No está mal para la relación calidad-precio que hay en Londres		
Oct 22 2007 	Agradable		
