	Never again	I am a fan of Travelodge (normally). Nothing posh but you usually know what you are getting and it does what it says. Unfortunately this is not the case with this one. Long queue for check in which couldn't happen till 3.00 so had to do my sightseeing with my luggage (try that on the narrow spiral staircases at Tower of London. Room had peeling wallpaper, hoover parts had been left in room by cleaner, mugs not washed properly, bathroom dingy. I was asked what I thought by the receptionist when I left, but not convinced anything would be done. The weird thing is that this Travel Lodge seems to be split in two. The new frontage you can see in the Trip adviser photo is just along from the Shaftesbury theatre and no doubt the interior is as new, but the other entrance on Drury lane is the old bit which I was allocated to. I don't know how you get allocated to the newer end as it does not seem to be listed as a separate T.L. Perhaps if any T.L. management read this they can explain?.	
	Excellent Location at a good price	Room 217 very good, clean bed linen towels changed daily . This is an hotel at a budget price in an excellent location. Five minutes from theatres and Covent Garden within easy walking distance of China town. Admitted the place could do with a face lift and a lick of paint ! The cafe/bar area where breakfast is served is cold and very small and is definitley in need of a face lift as this is the first place you see on booking in. It would be a good idea to screen off the entrance door from the dining are as the cold air whips round this area , not very pleasant when eating. We would stay again though purely for its location and price.	
	DREADFUL ACCOMODATION - NEVER AGAIN!!	DO NOT STAY IN ROOM 226. Stayed here for 2 nights. The only good thing I can say about this hotel is the location. The room was appalling - wallpaper hanging off, mouldy tiles in bathroom, dirty shower curtain, most of the light bulbs were not working, the furniture looked like it had come out of a skip. The whole room smelled damp and musty. Cannot comment on the food as we chose to eat out. I would never, ever stay at his hotel again.	
	Do not stay at this hotel!	This is the worst Travelodge I have ever stayed at. No left luggage facility, had to go to Charing Cross station and pay £8 per bag as we couldn't check into hotel until 3pm. Most overnight travellers have an overnight bag so this is a ridiculous situation not to mention the time it takes traipsing around the underground, wouldn't have minded paying to leave a bag at the hotel. Slow reception staff, room key card did not work when we arrived at our room at 1pm in the morning so had to yomp back to reception again. Windows in the bedrooms are screwed shut with some sort of security lock which no-one seems to have a key for? Hope there is never a fire as there is no escape through the windows. Carpets and walls are filthy, I would say the carpets in the stair wells have not been vacuumed this millenium and have holes where guests could easily catch their heals and fall. Breakfast was not bad but had to wait ages for cutlery so food became cold! All in all I would not recommend this hotel unless you are really desperate, even then think twice!!!!!	
	It could do a lot better	Check in slow. Once got to the bedroom realised no toilet paper, had to ask for some - gave me a left over roll from another room. Then realised there was only one set of towels for 2 people! Next day after returning from day out, dirty coffee cups left in room, no restock of coffee, tea and milk - had to go to reception for replacements. Then realised that only one set of towels had been left (we were willing to use the previous days towels but they had removed them). Back to reception for another set of towels ( and had to ask for a toilet roll again!).Breakfast poor/ - croissants not fresh. Yoghurt available one day but not the next..OK it's a budget hotel but GBP 210 for the 2 nights it's not cheap.Their staff were polite and friendly but obviosly a problem with ensuring bedrooms were checked and serviced correctlyThey need to get their act together. To add insult to injury, their online questionnaire asked me one question and then said &quot;Thank you for completing the survey&quot; - Obviously as a company not interested in what their customers think.	
Nov 23 2009 	excellent  clean and friendly good value	Stayed in family room for 4 nights. Staff lovely and very helpful. Room was spotless and linen changed everyday ! Breakfast free for kids and was good value as it was eat all you like.Evening menu in restaurant. Plenty of coffee / milk etc included in room. TV . Excellent location, central London. It was a bit noisy at night , but this was outweighed by everything else. Will be using this hotel for future trips, Excellent place to stay !	
Nov 20 2009 	Needs a facelift!	We booked here purely for the location. The check in was poor, long queues and disinterested staff. There is no facility to leave luggage if you arrive early and want to hit the sites. The whole place is tired and lacks professionalism. The rooms were adequate but again, need love and care. The best thing is that check out is 12 noon so you don't have to head off too eary. The cafe doesn't open until 5pm which is bizarre. Overall, a great location but a second rate hotel which needs a refurb and management who care.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great position 	Read quite a few of the reviews which were not that good so expecting the worse.Never stayed in a Travelodghe before either.Very pleasntly suprised although notice that there is another building further up the road which does have a night club next door &amp; maybe the one people didn't like,Four of us stayed a couple of nights - fantastic position - round the corner from Covent Garden market - near the theatres &amp; pubs &amp; shops - what more could you want !!Breakfast at the hotel was nothing special but good value for £7.50 eat as much as you want.Only critism for me was the coffee was machine rubbish.There is a better machine in the foyer but you pay £1.50.Lots of moans about nowhere toi leave luggage from various people.Rooms was quite big claen &amp; very comfortable.Would go back &amp; recommend but make sure the new building.China town a short walk .	
Nov 14 2009 	great value and in the heart of the city	My partner and I took our 7 year old to see Mamma Mia at the prince of Wales theatre, and the location was great for that - we came down on the train to kings cross and got a tube to covent garden which was easy, and then a short walk from the tube station, about 5 mins, but have a street map just in case cos it is a widdly route. We arrived at the travelodge, there are actually 2 hotels, a older one and the newer building, which we stayed in. Receptionists were very helpful, and the room was clean and bright. In the evening we hopped on the tube to leicester square (approx 5 mins) and walked to the theatre. I know a lot of people give travelodges a bad write up but you really do only get what you pay for - basically a roof over your head for the night - I have stayed in a lot of travelodges, and yes, some are abismal, (travelodge kings cross was not good!) but on the whole covent garden was very acceptable. (new building)	
Nov 9 2009 	Fantastic Location	Arrival at the hotel at 09:45am, (i'd booked for a 12 check in). We had the buffet breakfast (a bit pricey, but you could eat as much as you like) Got checked in at 11am (result)The room, was clean, tidy and basic. Pretty much what I expected.Location was fantastic, 100m from Hairspray the musical, so we booked that through UK tickets. Half a mile from a restaurant we had booked, and a couple of hundred meters from Chicago.Leicester sq just down the road.When I go back to London, i'm going here.	
Nov 2 2009 	This hotel is great value for money but if you want a good nights sleep - don't bother!!!	The hotel is in an ideal location for the West End, theatres etc and offers great value for money.The rooms are clean, modern and fit for purpose except that there is a night club adjacent to the hotel on Museum street which discharges its clients from 02-00hrs onwards and then the noise starts.This continues until circa 05-30hrs when you can then resume sleep!!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Great Location With Clean Modern Rooms (At The Newer Site!!)	Just got back from 3 nights at The Covent Garden Travelodge. There are two lodges about 200 yards from each other. One of them is old on the corner of the main road, but the one I stayed at was just 200 yards further down Dury Lane in an old office building.My room was very clean and modern with comfortable double bed, small bathroom with shower (no bath), flat screen wall mounted TV and air con. I arrived quite late and was told my room was on a lower floor with small window. The window looked into an underground carpark that was lit 24 hrs which didn't hinder my sleep, but never knew what the weather was like in a morning! Didn't bother me but others may not like it.Avoid the £7.50 all you can eat breakfast! Sounds great but had to queue to get a table, then queued and had to hang around for food to be replenished! There were no cereals, teabags, milk, cups, and croissants and muffins had all gone by 9am. When I asked for cups and tea bags - took forever! Restaurant is far too small to cope with demand. Save money and go to the coffee shop right opposite for a freshly cooked breakfast and tea or coffee for £4.50.Nowhere to store luggage. Ridiculous in central London Location is fantastic! Turn right and and you are a few minutes walk from Covent Garden, turn left and you are a five minute walk from Shaftesbury Ave, China Town and Piccadilly.WiFi vouchers were available at reception for use on their computers in the bar area.Irons, ironing boards and hairdryers were free of charge and just needed to be returned to reception within 2 hours.Room service menu available - didn't use this but prices seemed pretty reasonable but there are loads of great places to eat on the hotels doorstep.Overall I enjoyed my stay and would definatley stay again as long as I was in this newer Travelodge - it seems a lot of the bad reviews refer to the older Covent Garden Travelodge! Great price for a central hotel! Justmake sure you are booked into the newer lodge.	
Oct 27 2009 	Alright and very central but would not stay again	it was alright for 1 night. couldnt check in until 3pm and no baggage storage avaiable at - very bad for a central london hotel. you could wak to Charing Cross and leave your bag ta the station though!! this was a joke. wouldnt stay for that reason again as its essential not to be carrying around luggage in central theatreland!very central though and easy to find walking distance from everything and especially Waterloo Station.	
Oct 26 2009 	Peace 	We had UG5 and although the room was a little tired and the bed had seen better days, the room location was quiet and ideal for those that need a place to lay their head after a busy night out on the tiles. Close to Covent Garden, Shaftsbury Ave and theatre land. Shower good and powerful, hot water, hair dryer available from reception (free for 2hrs). Cheapish and cheerful.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Value Great Location but stay at the right hotel!	The Travelodge at Covent Garden is actually two hotels, the one on the side with the car park is dirty and horrible and old, but the one on the other side of the road is much better, clean but basic and a great location. We have stayed in both before we knew that the one hotel was better than the other. Also very cheap parking for central london.If you can get a cheap deal - we stayed for £19 in teh sale and you stay on the right side of the road, its a steal if you don`t expect much you will be pleasantly surprised.	
Oct 21 2009 	Very good value for money	stayed here for 2 nights 18th - 20th october very good value for money, close to covent garden, theatres, soho, tube stations, room very clean but furniture does need updating, we stayed in a very quiet room no noise from anywhere the only complaints i do have is they only supplied 1 towel and if you like to drink lots of tea or coffee supply your own as they only supply 4 small milks and 2 tea bags and coffee other than that no complaints, all you can eat breakfast between 8am and 10am £7.50 very reasonable also evening meals which could be eaten in the bar area or taken to your room and a bar open untill 11.30, there is also lots sight seeing and theatre brochures in reception, a very quick booking in, would use travelodge again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good location didn't find it noisy	Stayed there on Fri and Sat nights. Fior my wife's 40th. Just wanted somewhere to crash in between going to restaurants and shopping, so the location was ideal. It is very basic in terms of decor and facilities, but it provided all we needed and was clean and tidy. Staff were pleasant. If all you want is a bed it's ideal, great price too.Had read other reviews and was worried about noise. But we slept on ground floor of Drury Lane one and had no problems.	
Oct 13 2009 	basic nothing special	Stayed in the travel lodge for 1 night with work collegues, the rooms are very very basic but clean enough.Location is the best thing about this place, covent garden market is 2 mins walk.staff were not helpful the check in desk had 1 person on (he was going on a go slow!) and there were about 20 ppl behind us on the que.I was woken up at 9.30am the day I was leaving by a man coming into my room! (a member of the cleaning staff) I didn't understand this as I was leaving that day only stayed 1 night why they were coming in.	
Oct 12 2009 	NoSleep	The location is excellent. I was a single traveller last weekend. Stayed in the newer one of the 2 travellodge towers there. Paid £92 a night for 2 nights. It would have been worth £50 a night, but no more. I have seen prison cells that have had more furnishing. Double glazing was poor. No space for left luggage. Staff were good, but not even basics in the room.Didnt sleep either night because of a noisy night club in the road behind. Musicians moved in to rehearse when the club finished about 4 a.m. , so couldnt even sleep then.	
Oct 8 2009 	We would not stay at this hotel again.	The Travelodge is well located but that's about all! We arrived to a steep flight of stairs to reach the hotel. They have nobody to assist with luggage. We checked in before 3:00PM but with no area to store luggage until the check-in time and no area to wait in.We are senior citizens and tired from the trip and in order to get a room we had to pay 10pounds(British money) even though they had empty rooms. The hotel is dingy and the bathroom had one bath towel and one small towel.We will not trust Travelodges in the future.	
Oct 7 2009 	Travelodge - just ok	I stayed in the Travelodge Covent Garden the same weekend as the person from the last review and also stayed at the Holborn site in a family room. Whilst you cannot deny that the location is just excellent for central London and the price is amongst the cheapest in London, you really do get what you pay for.We arrived 15 minutes before check in and quite literally had to wait the 15 mins to check in. The staff on the front desk were pleasant and we were soon given the keys to our room on the 5th floor. Our room consisted of a double bed and sofa bed, but the sofa bed had definitely seen better days and was a bit grubby. There was an excellent view of a derelict office block from the window. The room apart from the sofa bed though was very clean and are presented although basic in clean and modern way.As other reviewers have stated there is a nightclub nearby and on last Saturday evening it continued throughout the night until 8.30am in the morning. On the 5th floor it was noisey and this was with the window closed.Breakfast is busy on the weekends and we were lucky to get a table, the food was ok, simple but edible but expect to queue and it did seem chaotic at times. We opted for the late checkout as there is no luggage storage and this worked well for us.Overall this hotel is basic but central, I wont be returning due to the noise.	
Oct 7 2009 	very good	My husband and i stayed here for one night. as we were going to see Rowan Atkinson in oliver'the hotel is in a great location. but couldnt sleep all night because of the traffic.but i think this is to be expected in londonthe staff were very nice. and helpfulour car got a small dent in while in the car park. but thats life.	
Oct 5 2009 	Don't book if you hope to sleep on a saturday!!	We stayed in the family room section on Holborne. Expected traffic noises on Friday night didn't disturb our sleep. However, the deserted office block opposite our room was taken over by ravers and they partied til after 8am........Loud music and voices all night!! Such a shame a the location for Covent Garden/theatres is fantastic and the rooms are fime. Take some soap (as not even a tiny bar to wash hands is supplied!!) and serious earplugs!	
Oct 4 2009 	If you want a central ;ocation clean accomodation good price excellant customer sercice. Choose here	We stayed 2 nights, saw 2 shows, walked the theatres, ate in Covent Garden after, all in a 10 min round trip. Cant be beaten for price or location, would get my vote to stay again. Why pay twice as much to sleep in London	
Oct 3 2009 	A clean well priced hotel in the middle of theatreland	Traveloge have lots of offers and because of this we chose to stay in Covent Garden for under £50, the price can be as low as £39 if you book at the right time. This is a large hotel over two sites and we booked into the reception on Drury Lane at about 5pm. It was not busy and the member of staff took his time booking us in to make sure we knew about the hotel. We declined the breakfast, eat as much as you loke for under £8 and were given a room in the 'other building' across the road. This was a short 2 minute walk and with the first guy,s direction we found our room on the 10th floor. It was typical of a Travelodge room. Clean and empty of frills. Soap/hairdrier/ in fact any extras could be had at reception. It did have a well stocked welcome tray and extra pillows.The room was quiet and comfortable, what more could you ask for at the price in Central London.We were within a 4 minute walk to the theatres and evening resturants. No taxis or underground requiredWe bought a tastey breakfast across the road at one of the many Italian cafes and this cost half the price of the Travelodge breakfast.	
Sep 29 2009 	Central position - large clean rooms	Just returned from a girls weekend &amp; found the location great, we could walk to Leicester Square for a meal &amp; within 10 mins of either Covent Garden or Tottenham Court Road tube stops. We had modern family rooms with ample space &amp; had all we needed, though at first the absence of shampoo &amp; a hairdrier alarmed us. However, we were able to borrow a hairdrier from reception &amp; most of us had brought shampoo with us.We were on the 10th floor and it was rather noisy though expected with the central postion.We did eat breakfast at the hotel which was reasonable for the price, though we did tend to eat at a busy time &amp; not all the hot food was available all the time though it was refilled so fresh.I would recommend if you just want a hotel for a base in the centre of London, will probably visit again.	
Sep 25 2009 	If you are on a budget this is the best hotel in London	Stayed in a family room - these are very spacious by London standards and no more expensive than a regular room. I have been in many more expensive London hotels which have been cramped in comparison. Great location! Short walk to the west end, holborn, british museum, restaurants, close to everything.Ok so it is a travelodge so do not expect very comfotable pillows, luxurious towels , any shampoo etc. I would never eat at a Travelodge either. No real storage space eg drawers, no fridge etc. No air-conditioning. If you can handle all this then you are in for a good deal. This is probably the best travelodge I have stayed in and the best budget hotel in London. Spend the extra money you save each night eating at wagamma or getting breakfast at pret a manger!	
Sep 25 2009 	You get what you pay for	Cheap, noisy and worn out, in Central London.My room was quite large for the location and price. Bed was very soft and tired. Both pillows were very squashed and minimal. One chair at dressing table was very hard. TV was a small LCD and could not been watched easily from the bed. The spare floor space could have had accommodated an armchair but did not. Even though my room was several floors up and at the side of the hotel, the traffic and pedestrian noise was irritating. So if you have a few hours to wait the room is not the place to plan to do it. In the bathroom one of the two lights was not working with thick dust on top of the sink light fitting showing they had not tried to change the bulb. The bathroom ceiling had 2 large damp patches. There was no bottled water available and, although normally in the UK I would drink the tap water, I am not sure I would drink the water in these bathrooms.Hotel will disappoint anyone used to comfortable travel. However, probably fine for people on a tight budget such as school trips, leisure travellers with no taste/budget for style and occasional business travellers who get a daily allowance and want to save money on the room to have a good dinner out.For the avoidance of doubt, the 2 or 3 Travel Lodge hotels I have used as last resorts in the UK provinces are better than this.If you just want to be close to the West End you can almost certainly save money on this particular hotel by shopping around on the internet...but be realistic, in this price range everything is pretty bad in London.Would I use it again? Not likely, my company travel department would not dare.	
Sep 23 2009 	Dont stay here if you have an early or late flight NO LUGGAGE FACILITES	Ok well after getting off the place i think i stand for everyone when the first thing you want to do is get rid of your luggage so we got the stansted express to liverpool street and a taxi then to the travel lodge this must of been around 9am went to reception to drop off our bags as check in isnt untill 3 and was told they have no luggage facilites i couldnt believe what i was hearing i have never been to a hotel that didnt have luggage facilites so i was told that the nearer place to leave our luggage was at an underground station which they said was a 10 minute walk but for someone who dosent know london it took us at least over half an hour to find this station had a get on an underground to get there and the lussge facility was £8 for each bag i felt at this stage from all the running around with our luggage no hotel was worth it, its so unfair for eldery couples i cant imagine them dragging around there luggage all around london to find this station and what if you had a late flight you would have to check out and drag your luggage with you if i had known this i would never off picked this hotel no matter the priceApart from that the rooms are fine and basic and within walking distance of covent gardens oxford street , but even tho the location is great and the price is ok i wouldnt stay here again over the luggage facilites as its just not worth the hassel	
Sep 20 2009 	good location but just a Travelodge	We've stayed in this hotel twice now - once in the main hotel and once in the annex. The room in the annex was refurbished, and seemed cleaner and more spacious. If I was going to stay here again, I'd ask for one of the newer rooms (although the mattresses are generally uncomfortable in most Travelodges).The hotel is in a good location - 5mins from Covent garden and the tube. It is good for a couple of nights in London if you're going to be out and about, I wouldn't want to spend much time in the hotel itself. We got one of the special Travelodge rates, which made this hotel very good value for central London.There are numerous places to eat nearby and the area is safe if you're coming back late at night.	
Sep 20 2009 	Hotel Manager really helpful	Had to stay with business and never been to London before, I spoke with the hotel Manager who was friendly and helped me get about. Free Map, free information.	
Sep 19 2009 	Hotel itself good but noise terrible	Stayed in this hotel for three nights with husband and two children. Needed somewhere central . We had been given a room in the new block on Holborn did not know about this location until we got there, still not very far from holborn tube station. Monday night was o.k. noise from the traffic much as expected but Tuesday and Wednesday we were kept up all night from the noise from a nearby nightclub music started at about 10pm and went on until 6am in the morning plus all the noise from partygoers on the street. Even husband who is a heavy sleeper could not sleep. Had to keep the window shut but then room became an oven and we all slept on to of the covers including me who would never sleep that way at home. Shame as the hotel was good in every other way. Need to get to breakfast early though as it gets busy quickly and people had to queue for some time for a table.	
Sep 14 2009 	Would not recommend..	Would not recommend.Rang reception before arrival a few times and the phone was never answered.When we arrived we were given room. This room had a toilet that was broken and had been used.The person at reception wouldnt believe us.But gave us another room, which was a Single room, when a double room was paid for.Switched rooms again the next day. This room was much bigger but shower was horrendous.Was either too hot or too cold.Location was brilliant but hotel was not nice at all	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent position but can be very noisy!!	We found the reviews on this site really helpful finding the hotel and knowing to go to the entrance on Hihg Holborn for the family rooms. The hotel is in an excellent position. We arrived on Sunday and was allowed in 1/2 hour early without paying extra as our room was ready. The room was clean and had everything we needed as we didn;t intend spending much time in our room! The first night we harly got any sleep due to a party/nightclub nearby. We were on the fifth floor but still heard fighting and music until 5am. We were dreading the next night but there was nothing except the buses and sirens which you expect in London. We managed to cram in loads in the three days because of the central location, we walked to see Oliver at Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, it was amazing!! WE would reccomend Franx just around the corner in Shaftsbury Ave for breakfast, we had the £3.95 breakfast and it was ample. Oxford Street within a few minutes walk. Duck Tours and the London Eye are brill.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great value for central London	We only needed a place to lay our heads for a three night stay in London mixing business with pleasure. This hotel fitted the bill perfectly mainly because it was so cheap thanks to Travelodge's internet booking system.It wasn't the cleanest or most comfortable of hotels we have stayed in; the room bore the scares and detritus earlier hen/stag parties. It wasn't the quietest of hotels either but who stays in a central London hotel over a weekend and expects a quiet night. If you find all-night sirens too much and the din from fellow guests too disturbing and intrusive do not even consider staying here! But we didn't mind and seemed to survive the ordeal!The concierge staff were surprisingly quite helpful and efficient. Again, don't expect too much this is a high-volume, low-cost transit hotel nobody comes here to be pampered - if you are picky about service and expect staff to walk behind you catering to your every whim you are looking at the wrong hotel! On the other hand, one only had to ask the concierge for something and it appeared quite quickly.We enjoyed our long weekend in London mixing business with pleasure because the hotel we chose was cheap and cheerful. I wouldn't choose to spend a fortnight in this hotel but it certainly suited our purpose and I would certainly return.	
Sep 2 2009 	Brilliant location and great value	Spent four nights in this travelodge with my two children (9 and 13) and have to say it is a great location. We were able to wander to lots of places from here, plus we had the choice of three tube stations close by. The hotel itself was typical travelodge. We have several cheap city breaks each year thanks to travelodge, so knew what to expect. Breakfast was good value as kids eat free and I had booked online for extra savings. It was busy, but staff did their best to keep us well supplied. Our room was on the sixth floor and looked onto an empty office building(we were in the older building). There was a nightclub behind which was noisy on Thursday night, but not the others. I always take earplugs just incase! My only complaint would be the heat in the room, despite the fan which had been provided it was very warm.Overall this was a great hotel with friendly staff and a clean bed to spend the night. I paid about £160 for B&amp;B for the whole stay, so really have no complaints and at these prices would definately return.	
Aug 31 2009 	Covent Garden - Travel Lodge- Great Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel on Bank Holiday Week end. Firstly if you wish to drive you have a NCP Car Park Next Door. Hotel Ideally located around 5 minute walk to Covent Garden Tube Station. Hairspray Stage show with in 1 minute walk.The Hotel is very nice great room with double bed, Tv, Ensuite, and tea and coffee. If you need hair dryers , iron boards, extra pillars etc these can all been obtained from reception.Breakfast is £7.50 for eat as much as you like.Check in from 3.00pm and check out mid day. Early check in and depart can be arranged for an extra £10.Any more questions please ask.	
Aug 31 2009 	Fab hotel - basic but ideal in an unbeatable location.	My partner and I stayed in this hotel for four nights in July this year and had the best time! Ok, it's not a 5 star hotel but it is in an unbeatable location, comfortable, clean and the staff were very helpful and polite. Our double room was clean and spacious, with a comfortable double bed, an average sized bathroom with a bath/shower, sink &amp; toilet, flat screen tv, shelves and a rail to hang clothes and tea and coffee making facilities. Somebody came to clean the room each day and we got as many extra towels as we liked from reception, as well as the use of an iron. All you really need if you are in London to spend your days sight seeing and shopping. The hotel consists of 2 buildings, one is older than the other. You check in at the older building which is around the corner from the newer building on Drury Lane. We stayed in the newer building, you don't get a choice though so we had no idea until we got there. However the older building looked fine too.There were dining facilities at the hotel from 5pm until 10.30pm but we were never back early enough to try them! There seemed to be plenty of choice on the menu though. Breakfast is served from 7am until 10am and consists of hot and cold items including cereals, toast, tea, coffee, various juices and a traditional english breakfast, perfect to set you up for the day. Bear in mind it is cheaper to book breakfast when you book the room as you save around 20% on the cost of breakfast. In the reception area there are vending machines selling snacks, drinks and various toiletries too.It's the location of this hotel which makes it an excellent choice, it's situated in Covent Garden and in my opinion it's unbeatable! There is so much to do right on your doorstep, with so many shops, bars, and cafes around every corner! Theatre land is literally across the road on Shaftsbury avenue. It is a 5 to 10mins walk at the most to the Strand, Piccadilly circus and leicester square. Covent garden tube station is a few minutes from the hotel and Euston station is a 10 to 15min walk.I've heard some people complaining about the noise in the area, but we honestly didn't really notice anything. Granted we were out late most nights and when we did get to bed you could hear the traffic outside and people in general but it didn't effect us or our stay at all.We stayed during the week and it wasn't a cheap, cheap hotel as we paid just over £100 per night. But nowhere is cheap in London and I think it was worth the price just for the location alone. Over all we can't fault our stay and loved the location so much we've booked this same hotel again for another trip in December!	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent location and spotless room	Having in number of hotels in central and greater london the best thing about this hotel was certainly the location; right on the edge of covent garden, 2 blocks to covent garden tube, 1 block to holborn tube, tons of fab restaurants, bars and of course the theatres right on your doorstep.Arriving up to the hotel (we were in the old block) it id look a lot like shabby office block however inside was a completely different story as it was tastefully modern decorated and furnished. staff were extremley helpful, polite and friendly. We were given room 349 a 3rd floor double room facing the street at the side of the hotel. It was a decent size and spotlessly clean. However the furniture was a little on the shabby and certainly outdated side but perfectly serviceable. Had to sleep with the winows open as the room was roasting!! Overnight we heard no noise as warned from the bars nightclubs etc however we did stayon a Monday night.Breakfast was of good range and perfectly eatable but certainly not of an excellent quality and not worth the extra cash if not included in your room. (£7.50 each for breakfast).Positives- excellent location, couldnt be better with polite staff and spotlessly clean., fantastic value for money (we paid £50 for the night).Negatives- No air con, furniture could do with updating and no iron/hairdryer or toilettries in the room.Overall excellent value for money and will stay again!	
Aug 26 2009 	DON'T BELIEVE THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS	Having booked 2 rooms at the Travelodge at a absolutley excellent price, i started too get a little bit concerned when a few days before i was due to stay i read a number of reviews, mostly the reports were VERY negative. However, i arrived, to be greeted by very polite, smart and helpful staff. The hotel has 2 blocks, and one does look a bit gruby, but i was in the building that was more modern looking from the outside. Inside it was clean, spacious and the rooms were very comfortable. DON'T BELIEVE ALL YOU READ IT WAS EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY - Perhaps the older block was not so good (Top Tip, ask for the Newer Block) - GREAT LOCATION	
Aug 25 2009 	perfect location and perfect for travelers not needing much from the hotel	we spent ages trying to find a place that was clean and resonably priced as we were going on a site seeing holiday in london and we generally spend very little time in the hotel apart from sleeping there. the reception were v friendly and the place clean and secure, we had no problems at all with the place	
Aug 21 2009 	Worst Hotel Ever.	I was in London on business so the hotel was paid for by my company, however I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.It is very old and shabby looking. The room is incredibly dated. My room in particular had the wallpaper coming off the wall. Worst of all though was the noise. I realise that it is in the centre of London, however the noise was coming from very loud guests shouting outside. Even with the window shut you could hear them as if they were next to you!Other things wrong..The remote for the TV was missingThe bathroom door didn't shut (there is a sign in the bathroom to shut the door as steam from the shower can set the fire alarm off!)Very uncomfortable bed. It sunk in the middle. My back now hurts this morning.Hot room. Although there is an 'Air Conditioner' in the room, turns out it just blows air from outside.Very old tatty furniture.Breakfast was very poor. It was included with my rate so no point wasting it, however the cooked buffet was poor. Some of the hot food was cold, but the quality of the products themselves was very very poor. Think the cheapest quality meat possible and that comes close.My favourite part of the stay was a small fire in the cigarette bin outside. The bar manager shouted out 'fire' to at least 4 people, until someone who looked like a manager took notice. Instead of doing the sensible thing and grabbing a fire extinguiser she vanished into the kitchen for a few minutes to get a pint jug full of water! After a couple of visits to the kitchen the fire was (thankfully) out.A joke hotel, sadly not in a funny way. Avoid.	
Aug 20 2009 	No frills hotel that doesn't compromose on quality or serivce.	I spent four nights at the Travel Lodge, Covent Garden. I called up a week before hand and asked for a quiet room in the new block. They had booked me in the old block as I asked for a twin for myself and my daughter. The old block has twin and family rooms and the new block has the double rooms. The receptionist was very helpful and changed the booking to a double and put me in the new block on the top floor. I didn't realise I could check into the new block so I checked into the old block and went across afterwards. I arrived at 1.30pm and had to pay a £10 fee for early booking (or come back later), I understand by doing this they keep the nightly room charger so low.The room was very spacious, everything was brand new and spotless (apart from hand prints all over the windows but that was the only thing that wasn't spotless). All the staff, even when extremely busy, were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was a buffet of sausages, bacon, tomatoes, scrambled egg, beans, toast, croissants, muffins, fruit, yoguart, cereals, a drinks machine with all types of coffee, juices etc. It was all very tasty and fresh. The dining room was very busy but the staff kept it very clean with everything stocked up.For the Sunday night I paid £32 and the rest of the week Mon-Thurs I paid £49. I expected to 'get what I paid for' but I got more. They have eleminated the extras... room service, air-con, table &amp; chairs, shampoos etc. The room does not have a hair dryer or iron but you can get these from reception free of charge. What they don't skimp on is quality and service. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 19 2009 	great location	booked theses rooms several months in advance and stayed in a twin room for 29 pounds a night a great price and a great location.on arrival the staff where freindly and helpful providing us with directions and maps.basic room everything you need for a cheap weekend away the only thing was that the room was quite dark,id still stay here again.	
Aug 17 2009 	OK for 1 night only	I have stayed in several Travelodges, most have been newer and fresher. This Travelodge was a little tired. Well, they’re motels really, not hotels - somewhere to sleep rather than somewhere to spend time.I checked in at 6pm and had rather a wait as only one girl was on reception; there was a problem with a group booking which took some time to sort out and all the while her phone was ringing and ringing…A good location for Covent Garden 5 minutes away, but not IN Covent Garden. I do hate it when hotels call themselves something they’re not for obvious reasons. I had a room in the Drury Lane building that overlooked some scary looking flats. However, this turned out to be a very quiet location. Would I stay again? For 1 night it’s OK... if you have an offer price - £99 doesn’t really represent great value for money. No frills - but not quite at its best.	
Aug 17 2009 	No complaints with our stay	Arrived early at the Holborn Street Travelodge and paid £10 for the early check in service. I was greeted by Chris (Manager) and Doreen and swiftly checked in, both spoke good English. As I regularly stay at Travelodges I asked for extra towels and a pillow straight away. I stayed for 2 nights in room 461, just by the lift and heard no noise (except for the expected traffic noise outside). As I live in the country it made a change to be in a city.The room was clean and spacious. The shower worked well and we had soap as expected. We did not eat in the cafe as there are excellent places to eat near by e.g. Browns Restaurant.If people read what Travelodges include in their price there would not be so many misunderstandings. From this budget hotel there will be no room service, telephone, porter service,shampoos etc. I don't expect these things so then I am not disappointed like other reviewers.The location is perfect for sightseeing by foot, bus or tube. I have stayed here before and would definately stay again for a budget trip to London.	
Aug 16 2009 	Location fab but thats about it!!	I have just got back from a 3night stay at the covent garden travel lodge Holborn building. There are two buildings the Holborn one and Drury lane. We choose to stay at the Holborn ones because of the rubbish reviews I read on the drury lane hotel. I can only imagine they are as bad as each other. For a start the check in was so slow, they had one person on reception and the queue just got bigger and bigger. Also as most of the staff here are not english it makes it really hard to ask the most simple question. There isnt air con in any of the rooms which wouldnt normally be much trouble in England but this hotel is soooooo hot everywhere in the hotel is really hot made it very uncomfy. The rooms were very basic but clean and was okay. What ruined it the most was the noise, because you are near the center of London its very very noisy, and traffic noise is really bad as well. I managed to get to sleep in the end but some of the people I was with didnt get to sleep until 5am. If you want a great location but dont mind anything else then go here. But I am sure for how much you spend at the travellodge there must be better places in covent garden to stay.	
Aug 16 2009 	Very average - only worth going if you get a good deal!	I found this place very expensive wfor what you get (everything is ontop) I paid over $150 for a room here and I didn't even get free internet or breakfast. The hotel has two towers one old across the road and one new. Try get into the new tower. The old one is VERY dated and depressing.Ok for a crash pad for a night, but look around you can do much better!	
Aug 15 2009 	One night in this hotel was more than enough	This was probably one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The picture of the room on their website is nothing like the actual room in which you stay. It is portrayed on their website as being fresh and modern when, in reality, it’s dowdy and old fashioned.We tried ringing the hotel en route but no one answered the phone on all 5 occasions. The one time we let the phone ring out for 7 minutes – someone eventually answered but immediately hung up. When we got there, there was a queuing system to check in (like in the bank), which was very impersonal and, quite frankly, unbelievable. The queue was so long that we didn’t have time to wait due to a prior appointment elsewhere so we had to haul our luggage around London, and return to check in later.When we got to the room, there was only one bath towel and one hand towel for two guests. As there was no phone in the room, I had to go down to reception to request more towels. I also told them about the soaking wet carpet that was so wet it was squelching but no one came to have a look, and there was no other room available so I requested more towels to put on the floor so we could actually walk on it. I have no idea what was on the carpet but the liquid was brown and it came through 3 bath towels that I laid down. I also reported the smell of sewage.The mattress was completely worn out. It was like lying on a soft sponge, which aggravated my back and cost me a decent night’s sleep. The room was too small and too hot (no air con). We had a drink in the bar later (which was also the breakfast area) when I noticed another guest also requesting another towel. There was a mouse running around the restaurant area, which alarmed a few people but, again, no one bothered to look for it when it was reported. At that point I decided to refrain from having breakfast there, and couldn’t wait to check out.There were a few things not working in the room, such as the main light and the TV remote but for one night we could live with this. It was a bit noisy outside but nothing too severe. On the plus side, the location is very good, which was the reason we booked this hotel. I actually felt very sorry for the staff working in this hotel as it is very badly managed and gives Travelodge in general a bad name. I wish I had taken pictures of the room (especially the mouldy bath) as it has to be seen to be believed. I tried to take a picture of the mouse but, unfortunately, it was too quick for me.	
Aug 7 2009 	Don't stay there	I stayed here for one night with my Mum and partner, the room was very hot and the noise from the street made sleeping difficult. The hotel was very regemented about check in, we arrived 90 minutes before check in and were told to wait or come back, no attempt was made to see if a room was available. A family room was booked and we were given a room with a double bed and sofa bed that we had to make up ourselves, there were also only 2 of everything, mugs, plastic cups for water and towels. There are no services available for left luggage which meant carrying big bags around London both the day of our stay and the following day until our train journey. Although the cost was low and it was convienient for the theatre we were going to the cons outweigh the pros. I would not stay here again and would not recommend it.	
Aug 6 2009 	value for money	Excellent location easy walking distance of three tube stations.Was noisy but no more than expected for central lodon ask for a room at the back.We were in the holborn road complex security good breakfast good selection hot and cold.	
Aug 3 2009	This is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in	We have just completed a stay in this hotel. Would I stay in this again the answer would be no. We booked 1 room for Friday and Saturday, and 3 rooms for Saturday night. We had all I can describe was a box room on Friday night (107). So we requested to be moved on the Saturday, which was not a problem. When we booked the rest of the family in on Saturday afternoon that was a complete disaster. It took us 30mins to check in; the queue was out to the door. They booked my parents into a room which was already occupied; the sinks in 2 of the room did not drain properly. When we went down to get the room changed, there were other people complaining they could smell sewage. The room they eventually gave my parents was basic and need updating. When we returned in the evening from the theatre, at around 10pm the bar was closed and the till was locked, we were told the till was faulty. In the morning there were not enough cutleries, plates and food to cater for the amount of people in the CafeI felt this was a very poorly run hotel, and under no circumstances would I stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 2 2009 	This is a hostel not an hotel	Our room was disgusting, really very low grade hostel. We have stayed in many hotels worldwide including many UK Travel Lodge, this place was among the worst. The room (112) and corridor stank, carpet outside bathroom was soaking wet (I hope with bath overflow, but not certain)! Bath area was stained and rotting (see image). Furniture was damaged and the curtains had large holes. Even the central location does not compensate for the appalling state of the place. The staff were reasonably friendly and helpful but nothing can offset the disgusting state of the accommodation. Travel Lodge are usually basic, but clean and efficient - how can any management believe guests will accept these conditions without reflecting on the groups corporate image. We arrived late and left early - could not be bothered to complain, just wanted to get away!	
Aug 1 2009 	Much better than expected	Having read the tips on this website I booked a room on a high floor (11th) in the new building. Checked in at the new building directly with no problems. The room was large and clean, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom was fine, with good powerful shower. Extra towels and bedding were provided on the shelving unit. There was a flat screen TV and tea and coffee making facilities in the room. Staff were helpful and friendly and the location was amazing, close to the tube and within walking distance of many attractions.Breakfast was adequate a good choice and kids ate free, but I would eat breakfast elsewhere next time. There was some noise from the street, but no more than you would expect in central London. I booked this family room for £35 a night and thought it fantastic value for central London. As long as you remember this is a budget chain and not a 5*, and book a high floor room in the new building you should not be disappointed. I would definately stay here again if I could get it on a deal.	
Jul 31 2009	Great location basic but cheap	Excellent location within easy walking distance to Covent Garden and Leicester Square. We found that three of the tube stops serve this hotel well with just 5 mins walk from each, High Holborn, Tottenham Court Rd and Covent Garden. As it is a Travelodge it is pretty basic but when there's so much on your doorstep who spends any time in the room anyway, its great if you want to keep costs down. We stayed in the newer family block on High Holborn road but its not far away from the main building and both have receptions and bar/breakfast areas. There is a sainsburys extra outside of High Holborn station to pick up drinks and snacks if needed, Shaftsbury theatre is the nearest just on the end of the block. The only downside is that there is no luggage room which proves difficult if you want to do a day of sight seeing on your day of check in/out. You can have an early check in/late check out but that only gets you a couple of extra hours. We had to travel to Euston and leave our bags there in a holding room but is pretty costly at £8 per bag.	
Jul 27 2009 	My first DIY hotel-very basic	On arrival at the hotel in Drury Lane we were told that we were in the hotel located across the road. For a 6 week holiday we had a lot of luggage and were surprised when we were told that we had to carry our luggage up the steep driveway, across the main road to our room. No help provided by hotel staff. In our room there was no second bed for our son only an old lounge with trundle underneath and we had to make it up ourselves, no service provided, no third towel, no soap, no hairdryer, no phone and no housekeeping for the second bed. It was like the third person did not exist. A meal in the restaurant that night was obviously frozen food, nothing fresh and tables were sticky. Breakfast there were no mugs or cups for coffee, had to wait for cutlery although the food was reasonable. Tables still sticky. Out of a 6 week holiday, this was the worst accommodation we had.	
Jul 27 2009 	Beware - not at all what we expected from a Travelodge!	My boyfriend treated me to a trip to London for my Birthday, about which we were really excited. We chose the Travelodge, Covent Garden (although it was more expensive than others at £233.00) as it is a fantastic location and you can't really go wrong with a Travelodge, can you??? Because it was a Travelodge, we didn't even bother reading any reviews as I was under the impression that it would be to the same standard as every other Travelodge we have stayed in. We were very wrong!Upon arrival we saw two different Travelodge hotels on opposite sides of the road. One looked as you would expect, the other looked like an office block. We, unfortunately, were in the office block on Drury Lane.* The room was not only small but very shabby, worn and in need of a total refurb. * The wardrobe door was missing.* The divan bed had no valance sheet and so you could see the rip down the side of the bed. *There was a huge crack in the bath panel. *The silicone around the bath was terrible and it was mouldy. However, I had decided not to make too much of a fuss. I proceeded to shower ready to go out for the evening and it wasn't until I got out of the shower I noticed that the pipe was missing from the hairdryer on the bathroom wall. I would have called reception to ask if they had a hairdyer I could use, but there was no phone in the room. I dressed and went down to reception with wet hair to ask if they could loan me a hairdryer. The girl loaned me a hairdryer for 2 hours and asked if there was anything else she could do for me. I let her know that the wardrobe door was missing, at which time she fetched the manager. She asked if she could come up to the room to look for herself. When we got to the room she looked at the wardrobe and simply asked &quot;did you want a door then?&quot; I replied that all I expect is that the furniture and fittings in the room be in tact. She told me that it would have been a mirrored door and was probably cracked so they would have removed it and that I shouldn't have tried to use the hairdryer as there was a sign saying to request one from reception. There was no sign. She then said with a very bad attitude that if I was going to complain, I should bare this in mind and also remember that it is a budget hotel! At breakfast, there was not enough cutlery, crockery or indeed food! People were eating a full english breakfast with desert spoons and drinking their morning tea/coffee and juice in paper cups!However, it is a fantastic location. If you are going to stay here, make sure the get the block across the road, not Drury Lane office block as at £233.00 for two nights, I do not consider this a &quot;budget hotel&quot; or even a nice hotel!	
Jul 23 2009 	great valuegreat location but very basic	I booked a £29.00 deal for a Sunday night which for the location was great.I was in the old original building and the room was very basic but clean.The breakfast was very basic and its worth finding a better alternative outside.For what I paid it was great value,though would'nt book it at a more premium rate	
Jul 20 2009 	DON'T TRY AND BOOK IN AT 3P.M.	Couldn't beleive that we were expected to wait until 3p.m. to check in a group. By the time our party had been booked in there was a queue of around 40 people behind - some waiting in the rain to get into reception.As mentioned in other reviews only 1 hand towel and 1 bath towel in the room for 3 people - very unhygienic when we have a potential Swine Flu epidemic.Rooms looked good initially, but need a good deep clean and upgrade, especially the windows.Still I suppose you get what you pay for!	
Jul 17 2009 	Basic Room Premium Price	I was attending a course in Holburn and the place I usually stay at was not available and all we could find in the area was Travelodge Covent Garden, Drury Lane at an astonishing £115 for the night, breakfast extra. Now, I've been to Travelodge Sheffield and for £60 I've had a great room.I almost went into the Travelodge High Holborn because there are two literally metres apart. Beware or you may look silly.My room, number 714, was pokey and dark. The double bed is shoe horned into the room and a narrow &quot;corridor&quot; takes you past the bathroom to the sole window from which you can see the London Eye. The light from the window barely penetrates the room and you have to have a light on at ALL times.Trying to watch TV was uncomfortable, sitting on a dining chair squeezed between the bed and the wall. The TV had minimal channels (terrestrial, BBC News 24, Film4, 4Music, CBeebies and a few radio stations).The bed was poorly made, with the bottom sheet not tucked round the top of the matttress. &quot;Spongy&quot; is what I might call it but I did sleep through the night.The best thing was the bathroom with a good shower. But the towels were roughand the toilet paper too thin. The sink had one of those swivel plugs but, on the side, there was a normal plug loose on a chain. Why? Filling the kettle is an art form in itself, as the mixer tap is so low that it is dificiult to get the kettle into the sink.It is difficult to partake of the all-you-can-eat breakfast when you don't have a tray to put everything on. I kept dropping my toast! The cereals were hidden around a corner.If I was paying £60-70 inc breakfast, I might have been happy. Locals on the course felt the cost was excessive, even for London. Don't bother!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Make Sure You Go To The Newer Travelodge Hotel There Are Two In Covent Garden	Hi there,I had stayed previously here and had a great experience, this time was very different though! We initially checked into the Drury Lane Hotel, the older building and had to leave this room as it was totally unacceptable. The previous time we had stayed we were in the newer building and this is why I booked the second time. Avoid the older building at ALL costs as the rooms are horrible! I would only recommend the newer Travelodge hotel and not the old one!There was only one large towel in a double room for two people in the older room! There was no phone in the room to contact reception to bring up more towels which was very annoying. I then proceeded to have a shower and the regulator to regulate the hot and cold water did not work at all, it was either hot scalding water or ice cold. Every time I tried to mix the two the bath would start to fill with water. The silicone sealing on the bath was all worn and moldy and looked terrible. The room was tiny and had a hole in the roof and the light cover over the wall mounted light had a bad burn mark on it. Also, the room was tiny.We were moved to the newer hotel building across the road after I refused to stay a minute more in the older building and the room was much larger, cleaner and the shower worked properly. Again, there was only one large towel and no phone in this room either to call reception.On a more positive note the staff at the newer hotel were very friendly and helpful. The staff at the older hotel could have been more polite but did not argue with me when I wanted to change room.Location wise the newer hotel is perfect, its perfectly located in the heart of London. The theaters and Leicester Square are only a few mis walk and the tube station is very close too.	
Jul 7 2009 	Fantastic Location but earplugs are recommended	We had a girls theatre/weekend break away &amp; chose to stay in the Travelodge due to location &amp; cheapness. We stayed in two family rooms (3 adults per room) in the new building. Staff were friendly &amp; helpful. Our room overlooked a rather old run down building, a very noisy street &amp; two nightclubs below us. We only used the rooms as a base so fortunately we were out from 10am till 1am(ish) over the weekend, but nightclubs were going on until 4.30am each morning ! The rooms are really basic, but bedding &amp; towels were clean &amp; changed when requested. Our corridor however smelled of strong cat urine !!!!The location if brilliant for theatres &amp; Covent Garden. If you are using as a base &amp; can sleep through anything it is value for money.	
Jul 6 2009 	Location Location Location	As a lot of the other reviews point out the hotel is an ugly tower block, and the rooms are basic, but ours was clean and adequate, . The location was great for a central London base, walk to the tube 5mins(Holborn nearest) Theatres and Covent Garden itself are a 5 minute walk away. Didn't eat at the hotel too many more interesting places for food nearby.	
Jul 5 2009 	good location very basic service	Good location to theatres but just because its good value does not mean its good! Staff and service of very poor quality. Took over one hour to check in with no apology. They had reserved a family room in middle of a floor surrounded by a very large stag party and were amazed that we had asked if there were any other rooms available as we didn't want to ruin the stag partiy celebrations by moaning about their fun. We were found another room and the room was large enough. The pull out sofa bed was badly stained, dirty bathroom and no toilet roll. Breakfast was a shambles, staff busy chatting on their mobiles, unclean sticky tables, food just dreadful..could not wait to check out.	
Jul 2 2009 	Clean basic but very noisy	Convenient location and reasonable price were the reasons we decided to stay at this hotel. Check in time was 3 p.m. and we arrived a couple of hours early. Our room was ready but we were charged 10 pounds extra for early check-in. The hotel was very clean but the facilities in the room were minimal. There was only one towel, one face cloth and half a roll of toilet paper in the room (there were 3 of us in the room) and we had to practically beg with the front desk clerk for more. There was no phone in the room which seemed strange. The room was very hot. There was no air conditioning so there was no alternative but to leave the window open to try to maintain a comfortable temperature. The area is very noisy and even though we were on the 11th floor we could practically hear people's conversations from street level. There was lots of yelling and shouting and emergency sirens all night long. We even tried shutting the window but it didn't make much difference to the noise and made the room unbearably hot. Needless to say we didn't sleep much. I will pay a bit more and stay somewhere quieter next time I stay in London.	
Jun 30 2009 	No frills but excellent location for Covent Garden 	We stayed just one night and found that the Travelodge was perfect. Good value for money, no frills accommodation but very clean and friendly reception staff who responded to our request for another loo roll immediately and without hesitation. Generally, you realise this is budget accommodation and to be this central in London, you are paying for position rather than fancy toiletries and lots of extras - take your own! The only thing I did miss was a hairdryer.........We were in the Holborn building, slightly newer that the Drury Lane site and, again, you accept that in the middle of London you will have some traffic noise - that is to be expected and did not spoil our stay, rather, it made us feel we were right where the action is.Lots of vending machines in the corridors - Ben &amp; Jerry's ice cream was most welcome when returning from the theatre on a very hot evening and there is a room menu so that you can have pizza delivered to your door for under £6. Plenty of restaurants within walking distance and I would certainly stay there again, without hesitation.	
Jun 26 2009 	Needs some TLC	The basics were OK, the bed,TV and bathroom all worked. As I checked in as a single I got a very small single room. The AC unit was broken and looked like it hadn't produced any cold air for years and was very dirty. The ceiling was stained with leaks from above and the room needed a makeover. The bathroom was spotless, clean and modern. For £105 a night would I go back - No. I would try somewhere else despite the great location. London Underground is fast enough to get you anywhere around the areas within 15mins	
Jun 25 2009 	excellent position but in need of a refurb.	The rate was affordable (£110 for two nights), and the position is excellent - Drury Lane, 400m or so from Covent Garden Tube, and for that reason I would not dismiss the hotel altogether, However it is shabby, in need of a full refurb. It looks as if it previously belonged to a higher price chain who abandoned it for better premeses. The bed was soggy and the bathroom looked grubby, although in fairness this was probably wear rather than actual dirt.	
Jun 21 2009 	great accommodation for family	There are two sister hotels within sight of eachother. We stayed at the one with family rooms (bigger than those in some other travel lodges I've stayed in). IMO, it's not actually in Covent Garden but on the junction of High Holborn and Museum Street. It's much easier to find straight down the main road from Holborn Station, too. This is a great location. Less than a five minute walk will take you to the Shaftesbury Theatre, British Museum and Tottenham Court Road. A few more minutes will take you all of the way down Drury Lane as well as to Covent Garden. Great public transport links. Easy access from Euston, St Pancras and Kings Cross. NCP adjacent.Prices vary a lot. Their website quoted £45.50 for Friday and £99 for Saturday. However, if you tried to book a two night stay it charges the higher rate for both nights. Easy way around that was to make two booking as part of the same transaction and get your room key revalidated before mid-day for the second night. No problems but a bit of a naughty trick on their part. Breakfast buffet was £7.50 but the kids ate free (cereal, fruit salad, fruit juice, hot drinks, cooked breakfast, cake, croissant, etc). Already planning our next trip.	
Jun 19 2009 	You get what you pay for....	To find a hotel in central London, never mind Covent Garden, at these prices is pretty amazing but then you know you're not going to get luxury. Travelodges are Travelodges and as long as you know that it's all very no-frills this is a good place to camp down for a night. Sure it's all a bit shabby and worn at the edges but if you want pristine and perfect then you need to pay more elsewhere. I'd recommend this as more of a &quot;bed for the night&quot; sort of place than a holiday hotel - and stay here on your own rather than with someone else, because the chances are that they won't like it.	
Jun 18 2009 	Perfect Location for visiting London	There are two Travelodge hotels at this location, one with double rooms and one with family rooms and I was staying in the family hotel in High Holborn. The Holborn and Covent Garden tube stations are on the same tube line as Paddington station which is useful if you arrive by train. The staff were really friendly and the room basic and clean which is as expected and a reasonable size with bath and shower. There are Sainsburys and Marks and Spencers grocery stores within a few minutes walk. Less than five minutes walk to Covent Garden, Shaftesbury Theatre, Royal Opera House and the British Museum. Ten minutes walk to Oxford Street and a little further to Piccadilly. Also within walking distance of Harrods although it will take about forty minutes but a very interesting route passing Fortnum and Mason, Hatchards (lovely book shop) Buckingham Palace etc.	
Jun 16 2009 	Compromise quality for location	This hotel was not cheap- £101 per room per night, for the 2 nights we stayed. It looks grotty from outside, although the reception area was more modern. We were overall satisfied that it suited our needs, given the underground strike- hotel in walking distance of all main attractions, including the west end. We walked just 5 minuted to the Aldwych theatre. No payphones. No phone in the room. No hairdryer in the room- you can borrow one but have 2 hours before they expect you to hand it back- if not, they come and get it from the room! Apparently there is wifi in the room, although we did not use it. The room was kind of clean although some surfaces (dressing table) were sticky and the carpet was grubby. We were given clean towels each day and the bathroom was clean. Tips- Book early for really cheap deals, lower your expectations, take a hairdryer and flip flops for the carpet!	
Jun 11 2009 	Wouldn't stay again..dirty	Well I booked a 2 star accomodation as we only intended to sleep there and wanted a good location. Yes, I got a great location, but that was it. I requested a room in a quieter section and got one on the 1st floor opening onto the courtyard. It seemed fine until the early morning when departures started. But really, my main problems were the rudeness of staff and lack of cleanliness. There was lots of gum stuck to the carpet. The sink was leaking onto the floor so we needed to use the floor towel to mop this up. The bathroom stank of a public toilet, in need of some bleach I'd say. A rusty bin sat in the puddle of the sink drips. I proceeded to make the kids sofa bed up before we went to the theatre to be ready when we got back, to find that a dirty mattress cover (YUK) had been left on one of the mattresses(it's a split level bed). I pulled it off and threw it in the corner. Then I discovered that we had only one set of bed clothes for this twin sofa. On leaving for the theatre I asked for more bed clothes and pillows. The reception girl looked at me as if I had asked for something outrageous and went back through the check-in details of how many in the room.... and had we checked in at that desk etc Did she think I wanted to take them home I ask....She said I'd have to wait for the pillows and she'd have a duvet in an hour! All done rudely I must say. Lucky we were going out! The TV didn't work either.. ...So that's it, I know it's basic, but I paid 116 pounds and expect a level of cleanliness for that and reception staff who are friendly and courteous, regardless of how many stars facility they work in.	
Jun 8 2009 	Bad Staff Service 	Stayed here for a show at The O2 so not a very good location for that to start with. Staff in hotel were Useless. The room was disgusting horrible stains all over the carpets &amp; walls the room was very hot so had to have the window open which lead to a restless sleep as its on a very loud road. Also walls are very thin so you can hear banging all night as people return at night. I would not reccomend this hotel. Worst hotel I have ever stayed in.	
Jun 4 2009 	Ideal for one night stay	Booked this hotel during their £19 offer, and really can't complain. Had to queue to check in, but there were quite a few people working, so it moved quickly. Location.Location was spot on. Right in the heart of London, 5 minutes from the busy covent garden, which was ideal for nightlife - bars, resturants and the theatre, but far enough away that it was quiet.RoomRoom was lovely. Have read some reviews that people aren't impressed, but room was a good size, very clean, had a nice view, and really couldn't ask for much more. Overall was very happy with the stay, and will stay there again.	
Jun 2 2009 	take your ear plugs	Clean room, good location. Room size could afford additional furnishings such as desk, chair, etc. No air conditioning so window had to be opened and noise was terrible, especially on friday night when we heard yelling/screaming until 5AM. Take your own washcloths as they don't have them. Staff was very kind but understaffed. During our three day stay a young man attempted to work the front desk reception, bar and cafe.	
May 30 2009 	Great price - great location	Spent one night here at the end of our London break. Booked the early check in for additional £10. Had requested a quiet room on a high floor and we were given one on the 8th floor to the back of the hotel at the end of a corridor. Didn't hear a sound all night and I'm a light sleeper.Room basic but looked like it had been quite recently decorated - the paintwork was bright and clean as was the carpet. Pity the corridor carpet didn't meet the same standard! Disappointed no easy chair or settee in the room.. The bathroom was clean with plenty of towels. Requested a spare pillow for the bed and got one without a problem.Didn't eat at the hotel. Had breakfast at Franx on Shaftesbury Avenue. Fantastic value for £3.95 - full English + toast and tea/coffee.I would recommend this Travelodge - particularly if you can get a cheap deal. It's in an ideal location for the theatres.	
May 28 2009 	Excellent value and location	At a price of £29 a night, you can't go far wrong with this first-rate London Travelodge. Situated in the heart of Covent Garden, the location is just five to ten minutes from three tube stations, numerous West End theatres and the shops of Charing Cross Road and Shaftesbury Avenue. The hotel features large and fully functional bedrooms and en suite bathrooms, complete with tea and coffee making facilities, and a very resonably priced bar/cafe on the ground floor of the establishment. Overall, this is a quality hotel in a great location and I would not hesitate to return.	
May 27 2009 	Fantastic location and value for money	We booked a room on the net for £29 for our first time in London with our toddler. Excellent value for money- travelodge state on their website how they cut costs by offering the basics, but we have always been pleased with our stay. 3pm check in was busy but efficient. Note that if you book a family room you will be in the newer annexe on High Holborn but both hotels are brilliantly located. Our room was on the 13th floor which was a bit daunting but was spacious, quiet and had a stunning view! Only one niggle, had requested a travel cot by phone which they hadn't arranged, but this was remedied on check in and they gave us a massive double room to fit it in! We had the 99p afternoon cream tea deal which was fine but we usually eat out as we feel that travelodge does the basics well- not sure about food, might be better to go and explore London's many eateries!	
May 25 2009 	Great location for central London cheap 	At the end of the day if you book into a travelodge you gone there because of your budget.its typical no frills you get what you pay for. That said although the noise at night was not insignificant, for a central location five minutes walk form Covent Garden and Theatreland you cant ask for more for the price.If you only need a bed to get some sleep and you want to spend your money on whats outside the hotel then this is the place to stay. I was advidsed to stay in the newer of the two buildings but i looked at both and i dont really think it would have made a difference.	
May 16 2009 	*******BE WARNED*******	I have stayed in many hotel around the world and my last visit to london staying in the travel lodge opposite was very nice clean new and staff extremley helpful, however on this accasion this was an awful experience. No mattress protectors on the bed, the room was dirty a huge hole in the window frame which had a blowing gale through it, it was cold it took me ages to work out the heating the room its self wasn't that warm the water was either too hot or too cold could not regulate it .On departure i mentioned these points out and was told we have a new girl and she may not have been aware strange we were a group of 5 all our own rooms on different levels and yet they neither had a mattress protector !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i wonder!!!!!!!! poor excuse really.Really noisey at night was kept awake. A very poor standard i would not recommend this at all.	
May 15 2009 	Cheap B	Clean, good value, large room, good location. No toiletries, but towels provided.	
May 10 2009	Staff are useless but nice rooms	Stayed one night and was there for a hen party.. there are two sites.. the older one and then the new one next door.. it did not say this on the booking and we went to the new one and was directed next door and the receptionist was a bit rude.. we were going to see dirty dancing ( which was fab and highly recommended!!) we met up at 6pm and ordered our meal and the menu looked good but nothing available.. i ordered a burger and chips to be told there was no chips but still charged the same price.. i complained but said nothing can be done.. anyway so i ordered potato skins and an hour later still hadnt arrived so we again complained and wouldnt give us our money back but offered us a free breakfast which we refused.. eventually we got our money back after speaking to the duty manager who i think was the cleaning lady! In the morning we arrived for breakfast and got to the queue and just as i was putting my sausage on a plate the waiter asked where was out voucher.. we said that we were paying so he said that we would have to pay 1st and ushered out to the reception to wait in a queue.. it is a busy place and only one person there so we gave up and went to a lovely we place across from the older travel lodge and it is cheap and lovely! The room itself is nice and basic, i have stayed in better travel lodges though but the bed was very comfy.. found it to be a bit noisy with sirens and people outside shouting.. it is in a great location but beware of the taxi/cyclist people who charge you a tenner and take you the long way around but we realised that we were a stone throw away from the hotel!! It is 5 mins away from covent garden tube station and near good pubs/ resturants. Probably wouldnt go back to this hotel.	
May 9 2009 	Good Stay no frills hotel	The rooms are basic but clean no frills type hotel. For a short visit we found it adequate and the room we had 469 we never heard a sound of a door bang or traffic. We had a family room which was spacious .This was an excellent location and would stay again.	
May 8 2009 	excellent!!	can't fault this hotel, remembering this is a 2 star chain, clean, large well kept bright room, right in the middle of covent garden, 5 mins walk from both holborn and covent garden underground, phoned a few days before and requested a room in the newer of the 2 buildings on high holborn, no problem, asked for a room on top floor, no problem and it was very busy as it was bank holiday last week!! friendly efficient staffi, good stay	
May 7 2009 	Great location	Great location for shopping, local pubs, Covent Garden. Room was spacious but decor, fittings &amp; bathroom need modernising. Staff were efficient &amp; friendly.	
May 5 2009 	excellent value for money	stayed at covent garden travelodge 16th-18th april. I have to say i was a little apprehensive after reading some reviews. On arrival we were greeted by very friendly staff and on entering our room we were pleasantly surprised, the rooms were spotlessly clean and tidy. The view was nothing to shout about but then again we didnt go for the view! Breakfast was excellent value for money especially as the kids ate for free, We would definately return.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location shame about the beds	For all the positive there is to say, the rooms failed this stay.There's no doubting that Drury Lane/High Holborn is a great location for all the West End has to offer and the Travelodge is great value for such convenience. Situated between Holborn &amp; Covent Garden tube stations, Shatesbury Avenue is literally around the corner.A reduced-rate £15 per 24 hours parking at the Museum Street NCP next door to the High Holborn Building makes driving a refreshing yet unreasonably cheap option if saver rail fares aren't available. Central London is not for the faint hearted or inexperienced driver, however so for everyone's sake, go by rail if you can.The hotel is split between 2 buildings - one newer than the other - and if you find yourself in the older Drury Lane building (as opposed to High Holborn), be prepared for some rough and past-best edges, including well-worn mattresses that might just stop you from sleeping if the boy-racer engine revving outside hasn't already.Stayed 2 nights for the London Marathon so needed rest and unfortunately this reviewer didn't get enough, though others in the group did. The staff were great in allocating another room when we made them aware that the first room had a sub-standard mattress, but the second room's was almost as bad. Years of constant use is understandable, but this place needs some TLC.Breakfast is good value and plentiful, public areas are basic but the place is great value so you're never going to get The Ritz.Would I recommend to a friend? Yes for the location and value but they'd have to make sure they were staying in the High Holborn building.	
Apr 28 2009 	Perfect Stay!	Just got back from a two night stay at the TL Covent Garden and everything was perfect. We were in the High Holborn building (not sure I'd fancy staying at the Drury Lane one). I'd previously been advised that as I'd booked a family room we should check into the HH building as that's where most of the family rooms were apparently. Checkin was quick and efficient - when I asked for a high floor room we were offered either a double near the top or a family on Floor 7. We choose the family room for the extra space (even though there were only the two of us) and weren't disappointed. We were in room 762 which was just to the side of the lift, before you went through the fire door to the main corridor - resulting in us not hearing any 'internal' noise. We didn't seem to be bothered with much outside noise either, other than what you would expect from a hotel right in the centre of London. The room was large and spotless and really couldn't be faulted.The location of this hotel is just perfect too - round the corner from the top of Shaftesbury Avenue, bottom end of Oxford Street and literally 5 mins walk from Covent Garden and Leicester Square etc. Over the course of the 3 days we were actually there we didn't use the tube/bus once - we walked everywhere and I've still got the blister to prove it!! We paid £124 for the two nights which was excellent value - yes it's basic , but our room and bathroom were spotlessly clean and basic ,which makes all the difference I think. We chose not to eat in the hotel so can't comment on the food/service etc. Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and will definetly be back.	
Apr 26 2009 	really good location	Went last feb to this travelodge for a couple of days sight seeing with our teenage son.We all gave it praise.We have stayed in other travelodges in diffrent locations but can say this was really good.The breakfast was good value and we also had a meal at night served by pleasant staff.We will try to go again.	
Apr 19 2009 	brilliant location for west end	This was our third trip to this hotel and we were booked into the old part for the first time. I booked two family rooms which were in the lower ground floor and wer very noisy with delivery lorries arriving very early as the car park is to the rear of the building. However the following morning I requested a change of room and was told that when I returned that my luggage would be transferred to another room in the new part and the man at the desk was very apologetic. On return we were on the 10th floor in the new part with our luggage in the room. Room clean and staff very friendly. Will be back.	
Apr 19 2009 	Not Perfect but reasonably good	We stayed in the travelodge covent garden for 5 nights as part of a trip to London.There are two buildings, a new one and an older one. Convenient for Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Picadilly and Trafalgar Square, which are all within easy walking distance. Bus stop in the next street and nearest tube is Covent Garden.You have to check in at the older building, even if your reservation is for the new building. This is needless and a bit of a hassle. The checkin takes a while because the place is busy. The staff are friendly and helpful.The good-------------The hotel rooms are reasonably clean, although our bed linen didn't get changed at all. The price is good value for people that aren't spending a lot of time in the hotel. The location is great.The bad------------Rarely did we get clean towels unless we went to reception and asked for them. We didn't get our bed linen changed the whole time we were there. The bar is way overpriced for drinks (£3 a bottle of beer, £3.45 a Jack Daniels and Coke). The lifts broke down all the time, sometimes no signs put up to let anyone know. The keycards stopped working on a regular basis causing you hassle getting into your rooms. Outside of the rooms it is very noisy, as the windows don't keep sound out properly.There are better travelodge hotels in London (Euston!!) that you could visit. If you are in the newer building your stay will probably be ok, but if you are stuck in the older building you might not enjoy your stay.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent Value Great location	Just spent 2 days in this travelodge, had 2 family rooms on the 11th floor of the High Holbourn part, absolutely perfect, clean rooms, ample sheets towels, staff very friendly and did everything they could to help you. Location is fabulous, we never got on a tube or bus just walked everywhere. Having read some of the other reviews of this lodge I was a little concerned especially about taking 4 kids and the noise, but we heard nothing (apart from slight traffic noise) but as someone else has said it is central London!!.We only paid ££28 for the 2 rooms - booked ages ago on a deal. Would I go back?? you bet I would.	
Apr 14 2009 	Covent Garden Access without the cost	We have stayed at The Kingsway &amp; Renaissance Chancery Court 5* hotels previously but at £89 per night the Travelodge wins hands down. You get the same location benefits and keep money in your pocket to enjoy your stay. We paid a £1 insurance to allow cancellation in case 5* hotels offered bargains but they didn't. So book &amp; keep your options open. Breakfast can be obtained in the travelodge bar restaurant, but recommend walking round the corner past the Shaftesbury Theatre front door to Silvo's cafe (£5 full breakfast). For a rough &amp; ready pub with good beer, dartboard &amp; warm yorkshire welcome find the Angel pub (right outside the travelodge &amp; approx 700m). The travelodge is right next door to the Shaftesbury Theatre (showing Hairspray April 09).We didn't pre-pay the £10 extra to check-in early, but having arrived early we were given a cleaned room paying the same £10 to save on left luggage (£8 per article at Paddington Railway Station). We had a rear room on the 4th floor - which avoided the risk of traffic noise and from which you we could see Centre Point Building - which sits at the intersection of Oxford Street &amp; Tottenham Court Road - great for your shopping &amp; less than 15 minutes steady walk. NOTE - with 3 lifts your not waiting long to get to your room. With 13 floors there must be some fantastic views if your at the top, so may be worth asking for top/rear room - still only £89 per night per room.	
Apr 14 2009 	It was great	We have stayed at very expensive hotels but this could be bettered. Staff very polite, the hotel was very clean would definitely stay again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Location 	Just spent easter at this hotel for 3 nights from Good Friday until Easter Monday. Paid £9.00 per room per night for 3 nights £27.00 total....outstanding value....Location is fantastic, you don't ever need a travelcard as most things are on your doorstep.Only negatives where the beds, old and uncomfortable, seriously need replacing......but I could put up with it for £9.00 per night..........	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Location Great value	We booked this hotel 10 months ago in order to go the theatre. We paid £29 for a double room and it was worth every penny. It was a few minutes walk from the theatre and Covent Garden where there were loads of good places to eat. It was also easy walking distance to Trafalgar Square, Westminster and the Thames, we managed to do all those areas and a coffee in under 2 hours. So the location is great.Admittedly there is some traffic noise, but what do you expect in the centre of London.I think we were lucky to be in the newer of the 2 buildings and had a big room with a view across London, a comfy, clean bed and bathroom with ample towels. There was also tea/coffee making facilities and a TV.We paid £21 for 24 hours parking but it is the centre of London so we didn't have to pay for taxis or public transport at all.As we were lucky to get such a good rate, I think this was excellent value for money. I'm not sure if I would have been so happy in the older building but who knows. I'd go back if I could guarantee a room in the same building.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great location and clean comfy bed for a night in the city	Just spent a great night in Covent Garden, the reception staff were friendly and helpful, the room was plenty big enough and the bed was clean and comfortable. And all for £32!! Plus 24 hours car parking for £15, not bad in city centre. The location was excellent, just a short stroll from Covent Garden, British Museum, Leicester Square, Soho and Shaftesbury Ave. Only shame was price of breakfast, which was all-you-can-eat for £7.50, I would never have eaten enough to make it worth that much, so found Frank's cafe around the corner, where my husband had full english and tea for £4.50. Had nice Italian meal at 'La Ballerina', also just around the corner in Bow St, intimate atmosphere and friendly Italian staff. And a great greek meal in the busy bustle of The Real Greek the next night, where the food took me back to all my Greek holidays. Might not have such glowing praise for this Travelodge if I had paid £100 a night, but keep your eyes open for the sales and you get a great place to lay your head down at the end of busy day sightseeing!	
Apr 4 2009 	Shocking hotel	The location of this hotel is great if you want a night in the Covent Garden area, but thats about the only compliment I can pay this pit of a hotel. I dont think you can complain about street noise when you stay in a hotel in a city centre, particularly in London, and I agree with an earlier reviewer - try Rome if you want noise at night! But when the majority of the noise comes from the hotel itself, its much easier to feel angry. I spent one night there (a Wed night) and was happy that I had been offered a room on the 7th floor (well away from the street noise I thought). Unfortunately I had a constant noise all night from what I can only imagine was the building air conditioning unit (if such a thing exists on a building that old and dilapidated) and then another exceptionally loud noise from what I think might have been a boiler starting up early in the morning.As for the hotel and the room itself - I booked through the website and the building and rooms looked nice. Whoever took the external photo is obviously a Photoshop genius, since it paints a much nicer picture than the reality offers. Since I was a lone traveller I booked a standard double room, but when I got to my room it only contained a single bed. There was no shower gel, no sign of an iron/board anywhere, a tiny slit-like window, old carpet and marked walls. I've stayed in better student halls in the past and would have been unimpressed if I had been offered this room in a hostel at a tenth the price. So I was pretty disappointed to have paid £100 for the privilege, espcially given the constant noise all night. This area of London is not short of hotels - although admittedly most are more expensive, but anything is worth the extra comapred to this hotel. Travelodge need to sort their act out and redecorate this hotel so that it actually looks like the rooms in the photos on their website.What makes it worse (no, really, it does get worse) is that you cant check in until 3pm and have to pay an extra £10 to check in early. I would have avoided doing so, but there is no luggage storage facility in the hotel (apparently due to security concerns), so you either carry your bags with you all day or pay the extra. Next thing you know they will be charging an extra £1 to get into the toilet in your roomand £5 for a shower!I know other people have complained about the staff, but they were all helpful and courteous - quite an achievement since they seemed to be getting constant grief off people.	
Apr 1 2009 	Awful even for Travelodge	This is definitely one of the cheapest hotels in probably the best location in London, which is why I've given it any stars at all.I don't really want to rag on the staff because I know it has got to be an awful job . . . but I did actually have a hotel staff member tell me that he couldn't give me the telephone number for a cab company. He proceeded to tell me that the only way I could get a cab was to pre-pay for it and he happy to dial that number for me! Fortunately, I happened to know that was completely untrue. Also, do not buy time on the Internet expecting to use it at your leisure during your stay. The hour has to be used continuously and its £10 per hour. Starbucks has a better deal than that. We were shoved in the old part of this hotel in Covent Garden proper. There was no elevator (although their were elevators in the other two buildings, which we were forced to explore while looking for our room). The room was tiny and windows and walls were extremely thin. I felt extremely &quot;exposed&quot; both nights here as our room faced the constantly busy court yard. There were sirens pretty much non stop, ruffians hanging out in the court yard, and other patrons loudly stumbling through the halls.I mean, I get it, it is cheap (for London). But it isn't so cheap that you should expect staff to be incompetent and to be kept up all night by noises outside. I fully recognize it is a City Centre. . . but that should be the hotel's clue to install double or triple pain windows.Also, there was no iron in the room --- why not just pin it down like they did the hair dryer or hangers? The Premier Inn chain and may other hotels in Britain don't have irons in the room but have them in common areas. At Travelodge you have to wait in cue, take the iron (and potentially an extremely large board) upstairs and then back down to reception.Oh and I had a funky rash when I returned from our stay there --- not sure if it was bed bugs or cheap detergent.	
Mar 31 2009	Great Location and Great Value	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Travelodge Covent Garden, we were in the newer building on the 6th floor. We did hear traffic noise but you would get that in any city centre location (try the centre of Rome and you really know all about noise at night!).We were in a family room (king size bed, sofa bed, flat screen tv, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, bathroom with shower over bath) and found it to be a good size, clean and tidy and had everything we needed. I have stayed in Travelodge properties before so know what to expect. I think a lot of complaints about this property are from people who do not know the limitations of the Travelodge brand. If you are looking for &quot;extras&quot; or &quot;luxury&quot; then this won't be the place for you. We were in London to go out and about so we were looking for a clean room in a good location at a good price and we got what we wanted.I had booked well in advance and had managed to get the room at £32 per night and for that price it was excellent. We also paid for the late check-out and found it to be well worth the extra £10 as it gave us a couple of extra hours out and about on our last day. The location is great for theatreland (if you are going to see Hairspray the theatre is literally next door) , Covent Garden and Soho are also on the doorstep and other attractions are within walking distance. I was a little worried by some of the previous reviews of this property but I shouldn't have been. We had a great stay and I would not hesitate to recommend it and I will definately use it again myself when I am next in London. Lastly I would recommend a little cafe just at the top of Shaftesbury Ave (about 2 minutes walk from the hotel) called Franx that does cooked breakfasts from £3.95 (including tea and toast - a bargain).Hope this information might help.	
Mar 24 2009 	Total lack of service	I will never go near this hotel again.1) NO LUGGAGE ROOMS/left luggage service!!! I have been in London 40-50 times and stayed at a lot of different hotels. I have never, ever experienced an hotel without the service of a luggage room. It's no big deal that you cannot check in when you arrive as long as you can store your luggage. I had to carry my luggage around in London for hours both arrival and departure day. It didn't even occur to me that there were hotels that did not provide that. They say it is &quot;for security reasons&quot;. Totally hopeless!2) The first two people we saw when we entered the reception, was to men in extremely dirty and stained Travellodge fleece jackets and trousers. Was this how the rest of the hotel would be? That made me say &quot;no&quot; to breakfast at the hotel.3) When I finally got a room, after having paid £10 for early check in, the room was ok. The bed and the bathroom was quite clean, but the sofa in the room was grey of dust and full of staines. I didn't event want to put my suitcase in it. Yuck!4) I never saw a smile from any of the receptionists, except for the girl who was there when we arrived and tried to help as best as she could within the Travelodge limits. Thanks to Audrey (I think her name was) for trying.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great Value for Money	Considering that we only paid £45 for a night this hotel was great. After checking in the Drury Lane hotel we were told we were in the other building but it is only 1 min walk so not a problem (and it did look nicer than the other one)It is a great location and could not hear any noice from the road outside. We walked to our show, restaurants as the location was excelent! Would recomend this to anyone else and will be using this hotel in the future	
Mar 19 2009 	For the money- EXCELLENT	We have just returned from a two night trip to London where we stayed at the Travelodge Covent Garden. I read reviews on Tripadvisor before booking but decided to take a chance due the excellent location. I paid the full price for the room (£217 for 2 nights including early check-in and late check-out) and have to say this still offered good value for money. We visit London, say, twice a year and a stay at our regular hotels (within 5 minutes of this Travelodge) that cost in excess £250 a night. This hotel offers all that you would expect of a Travelodge- a clean room, a comfy bed and little else! As long as you except this before checking in, you won't be disapointed. We checked straight in at the 'newer' building (read other reviews on this website) that is located on High Holborn between Grape and Museum Streets. This building has an NCP car park beneath and is only 5 minutes walk from Holborn Tube. The staff were efficient and did enforce the 15:00 check-in time. Towels were scarce initially but more were happily provided when requested.Location is exceptional for the theatres; 1 minute to Hairspray, 10 minutes to Lion King. A 5 minute walk gets you into the heart of Covent Garden or Soho. If you are going to spend more time out-and-about than using your hotels facilities then save yourself some money- stay at the Travelodge Covent Garden.	
Mar 18 2009 	The World's Worst 'Hotel'?	the only good thing about this hotel is the location. spend very little more and stay somewhere a billion times better. we had 1 towel between two people and the room was little more than a large prison cell with the world's saggiest bed. the horrid plastic loo seat was loose and detached from it's morings! at least the place was clean. since leaving there I have tried and tried to call the hotel as I left something important behind. Needless to say, no joy. There is a TV but it receives only the 5 basic channels and BBC 24; freeview wouldn't have gone amiss to mask the horrendous noise from the street/other guests. I know they warn you about the noise but at the price they charge you would expect double-glazing as a minimum requirement. A no-star hotel with no service, no ameniteis and no thanks to a return visit!	
Mar 15 2009 	Not so impressed	How on earth anyone got a deal here for £32 per night I dont know. We are paying £90 and at that rate it isnt v good value (and yeah we booked ages ago). Room very noisy (in Holborn building) I am baffled by this as windows appear double glazed but the sound just seems to come through the wall. Only supplied with one towel and most we have talked to have found the same (one group of 4 only got one in their room!). Bed is awful, duvet horribly stained inside cover, dont know if toilet roll will last tonight but no spare in sightYes its v basic and if you can get it for a lot cheaper then OK but at the rate we are paying it doesnt stack up well and I would look else where	
Mar 14 2009 	good value budget room	Stayed here for one night6th floor, some traffic noise. Good spacious room, clean, comfy bed. good shower/small bath,Fantastic locationNo frills e.g. shampoo or hairdryer but has soap and towels2nd time i have stayed here, and would stay again, have recommended it to friends	
Mar 7 2009 	Unbeatable location for a budget hotel in London	Good old Travelodge, ever reliable, right in the centre of London. With one of the world's most exciting city just outside, we don't generally stay in the hotel for long besides sleeping! Predictable, clean rooms, powerful shower, comfy bed, that's all we need in London, but these factors don't actually come together very often in this part of london unless we double or triple what we paid for Travelodge. Only downside was that the fire alarm went of about 6 or 7 times during our 2 day stay - reminded me of uni halls - only for about 5-10 seconds each time, so we didn't have to leave our rooms. But despite that, I'd definitely stay here again for central London.	
Mar 7 2009 	Excellent location and great value for money	Very clean rooms, checked in and out with no problems, bathroom looked brand new and decent TV in room. Excellent location, easy walking distance to Covent Garden, Leicester Square etc. As far as Travelodge goes you couldn't really expect much more. We were in room 414 and heard very little noise either within the hotel or outside. Would definately go back.	
Mar 7 2009 	Great Location - Good for the Money	Just stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in early March - For people who have stayed in Travelodges before this will not be of any suprise to you - I will say that this is probaly the ugliest travelodge I have stayed in - But only from the outside !! Managed to get 3 nights for two people in central london for under £150 - Get what you pay for ?!? We got the Standard Run of the mill Travelodge. Hotel and Rooms Clean - Got the normal ammenities in the room (no shampoo etc - but this is normal) The hotel is approx 300m from Covent Garden underground station and apporx 700m from Leicester Square. So there are hundreds of bars and restuarants around - you are also less than 500m from all the major theatres. (We went to see Lion King and the Lyceum Theatre is 400m from this hotel) Trafalgar Square and Westminster bridge and the Strand are also walkable (just over 1000m) - The hotel is split but over 60% is at the main building and the other building is not that far away. As for the other comments on here - Yes beds are on softish side although ours was not that bad, website clearly shows check in times and that there is no left luggage service. If you have never stayed in a travelodge before then this is a basic hotel chain but you get the price to match - Still get clean and tidy, roof over your head and a room which although not 5* is comfortable.	
Mar 4 2009 	Basic but comfortable	Hotel was very basic but was comfortable and very cheap and is in a pretty good location. Nothing to write home about but if you're on a budget or not spending too much time in your room this is the hotel for you	
Feb 18 2009 	Clean simple rooms great location	My husband and I traveled to London with another family from 2/9 - 2/13. We stayed at the Travelodge Covent Garden.The first thing to note is that Travelodge is not a luxury hotel. If you are looking for a really nice hotel to pamper yourself, this is probably not where you want to stay.We were looking for a place that was clean, affordable, and with a good location to sleep after a day of sight-seeing. For these points Travelodge delivered. The hotel is made up of two seperate buildings across the street from each other--we stayed on the 7th floor in the High Holborn building.- Great location! We walked everywhere. And if we hadn't wanted to walk, the tube stops  for Covent Garden, Leicester Square, and Holborn were all within a few mintues walk.  Within five minutes of many theaters, the British Museum, and lots of decent  restaurants. - Clean, simple rooms - including the bathrooms. And pretty spacious from what I  understand about other London hotels. TV and water boiler + instant coffee/tea.  On the flip side, simple means there are no toiletries (except for a little bar of soap),  and that you have to borrow the hairdryer/iron from the front desk and return them when  you're done. Also, no phones in the rooms. Internet for a fee.- The staff was polite and helpful in our experience. We checked in at the Drury Street  Travelodge and were then directed to the Holborn building for our rooms. Wasn't crazy  about that (it was pouring ...) but it was a small inconvenience that was quickly  forgotten when we got to the room which were nice and warm with a thermostat that we  controlled. We didn't have any problem with noise while we were there.- We didn't do breakfast at the Travelodge. Instead, at the recommendation of another  reviewer (thank you so much!) we had breakfast at Franx which is around the corner on  Shaftesbury Avenue where you can get a full (and filling) breakfast for less than ?5.  Pret a Manger (we went near the Leicester Square station, but it's everywhere) also a  good place to eat a lighter breakfast.	
Feb 17 2009 	good location + value for money	One night stop in London to see Hairspray (which was great) with my 2 daughters.I wanted somewhere convenient - easy tube access &amp; close to theatre. I was delighted to find the Shaftesbury theatre was virtually next door, especially as it was a very cold night.We stayed in the &quot;tower block&quot; on the 7th floor, in room 776 - which was a very spacious family room. It had a ghastly view of an empty office block from a small, high window, and hole in the wall by the bed, but the beds were okay, the staff were pleasant and helpful, and everything was clean. Ate breakfast in the bar cafe - couldn't recommend it , but as the children ate for free, I can't really complain about the price. Plenty of restaurants nearby. You get what you pay for, if you want somewhere pretty/stylish look elsewhere. But for an overnight stop its certainly worth considering, especially if you can get a reduced rate.Also we paid £10 for a late check out, to give us some shopping time. This was cheaper than putting 2 cases into left luggage at the station.	
Feb 17 2009 	Perfect for the budget	We paid £32pn for a family room and for that I have to say it was perfect. We were allocated a room on the HIgh Holbourn building which was, for London, roomy, clean and comfortable. The position for the West End really good and being able to walk to the show meant we saved on taxis and didn't have to use the tube at night with the children when it gets realy busy . Great size towels and a flat screen TV plus basic tea/coffee facilities. The staff - particularly the breakfast and evening bar/food staff were excellent.Seriously consider the £10 early check in and late check out if you want to get rid of your bags early or leave them late on your final day.For a family with two free children we found the breakfast good value but may possibly choose to eat elsewhere if we were paying full for everyone. Try and avoid peak eating times if you want little/no queue.	
Feb 8 2009 	great location for covent garden 	great location just minutes from Long Acre / Piazza and maybe 5 mins from Leicester Square.if you dont like queuing then avoid the 3 pm check-in time. but fast staff get through the process with speed.despite what other people have reviewed for this hotel there were no noise problems over the 2 days.we enjoyed top floor views over londons west end. - room 716only complaint i have is that the taps in the en-suite weren't that good and could do with replacing	
Feb 5 2009 	Good for wheelchair users	We stayed here for the third time 2 weeks ago. Each time we've been given a room in the more modern tower block on High Holborn which has excellent wheelchair access. I think each floor may have one adapted room which means we've never had any problem booking. The adapted rooms are very spacious with a large bathroom and wide doors. The bathroom has a walk-in shower (no bath), tiny sink and toilet. There are handrails around the toilet and shower and a fold down seat in the shower (although this is quite small!). There is space beside the toilet to allow level transfer from to the left (as you are seated) if necessary. The only annoying things about the bathroom are that there is very little space to put your toiletries ie no shelves, and the basin is useless if you want to do anything other than wash your hands. The thinking presumably is that people only ever shower and never just want to wash their face! Also we have never yet encountered a plug for the washbasin! The rooms are, shall we say, minimalist but are clean, comfortable and contain all the basics. The bed is comfortable, if a bit soft, and a reasonable height. There is a long 'dressing table' which is really just a worktop but it has adequate legroom beneath it and a conveniently placed mirror and electrical socket (take your own hairdrier). There is only 1 small heater in the room which keeps the room warm enough but I found I needed to put my coat over the bed to keep warm enough at night. (On the other hand my husband was too warm!). The rooms can be noisy so take earplugs, however one of the main sources of noise, a nightclub behind the hotel, apparently closed down at the end of January (shame for its clientele but good news for Travelodge customers!) so as long as its not replaced by construction work and jackhammers that should be a help.There are several good sized lifts. The restaurant is also reasonably spacious and although access can be a little more restricted at peak times there are enough accessible tables around the edge if you are prepared to wait a few minutes if necessary. We thought breakfast was fine (apart from the eggs), had better, had worse - its only breakfast for heaven sake. It can be a bit disorganised at busy times though. Breakfast is buffet style but we did notice that a member of staff did help another wheelchair bound guest travelling on their own. Generally we found the staff were friendly and helpful. We didn't eat in the restaurant in the evening but the menu looked OK. The hotel is in an excellent location for wheelchair users - see all other reviews - just 5-15 minutes from loads of places, Covent Garden, Soho, China Town, Trafalgar Square, British Museum, National Gallery, Theatreland, Oxford St, which means you don't need to bother with the Tube or taxis etc - a massive plus. It's easy to get around the area, wide pavements and dropped kerbs on the main streets, pedestrianised areas and crossings etc, You may have to negotiate the occasional kerb or obstruction on the side streets but this shouldnt be too much of a problem. What may be a problem though is finding somewhere (other than the hotel) to eat or drink. There are loads of restaurants and pubs around the area but a lot of them are quite small or have closely packed tables. Also on Friday and Saturday nights they are full. We tried 7 pubs on the Saturday night we were there before we found a space in one (and then it had run out of beer so the other half had to settle for lager!). We did find a nice Italian restaurant in Soho called Bertorelli's which might be part of a chain, but it was spacious, had good access and good food. (Don't know whether it had accessible toilets - didn't investigate). It wasn't particularly cheap but not overly expensive either (depending on how many glasses of wine you had!) and only about 10 mins walk. Corner of Frith St and Bateman St and particularly handy for Jersey Boys (although we went to see Hairspray!)Basically this hotel would be hard to beat for a weekend stay in London, particularly for wheelchair users, where location, comfort and convenience are more important than ambience. Its not the place for a romantic weekend or special treat and might be a bit depressing if you stayed for more than a weekend but what exactly are you expecting from a Travelodge?	
Jan 29 2009 	Clean and basic but a bargain	We booked this room 6 months in advance, and paid £19. A bargain. The location is fab- although walking up a deserted Drury Lane after the show at 22:30 was a bit creepy.We had a room in 'the extension'. which looked beter than the main building, whose entrance was a concrete monstrosity. Like other guests, we had to queue for 10 minutes to check in.Staff were efficient and polite.Over the road to the other building, it was much more modern and welcoming. We had a room on the 7th floor. It was clean and functional. We did not have breakfast as I knew there would be loads of cheaper and better places around. A wise move as it didn't look very appetising.For the price we paid for the room, it was an absolute bargain, and I'd definately stay there again.	
Jan 28 2009 	Great location but needs cheering up...	Two nights in London to take in a few of the sights and to see the re-vamped 'Sunset Boulevard ' - (Brilliant , but this is not a show review).Arrived by taxi at a dingy flight of steps up to a flooded concourse entrance area. On finally paddling into the hotel reception with soaking wet feet we were advised that we had to pay another £10 to check in before 15.00 (it was 13.45). Great start ,0/10 for first impression.Room ,though small,had all that we needed for the purpose of our visit and across the rooftops we could see The London Eye, and the top of Nelsons Column.The restaurant only seemed to open at limited times , so we took the advice of an earlier 'Tripadvisor' and took our own breakfasts and a bottle of vino plonko for a nightcap.For £62 a night , the best thing about the Covent Garden TL is its location, presenting no need for the ridiculously expensive London tube use.The entrance area and welcome could do with a lot of 'cheering up' though.....	
Jan 21 2009 	good value	Booked three rooms for five of us for two nights a Sunday and Monday as we were going to a Oliver, the theatre is less than 5 mins walk away. In fact its in a good location for lots of the theatres. We had two rooms on 5th floor and one on 7th the one on the 7th was in need of a revamp, but all were clean great shower and flat screen TV, there is no phone but nearly everyone has a mobile so no problem. We paid £29 per room so was good value, reading some of the reviews I wonder what some people want for the money the thing is book early and get a good deal if you cant then look for another hotel that has last min deals. If you are a light sleeper and the noise outside is going to keep you awake buy some earplugs its London for goodness sake. Check in was a little slow took about 15mins it had two speeds dead slow and stop. Pitty there is no where to leave the luggage that is a pain I agree. Breakfast was a buffet at £7.50 all you can eat hot and cold, aviod it the food is only just warm and the plate warmer was not working so soon as its on the plate its cold, the scrambled egg was more of a solid block that you could have cut into chunks and built a luggage room with. So go out the hotel turn left, left again at the lights then left onto Neal street Franx cafe just on the left good breakfast for under a fiver. Be warned the pubs on a sunday close between 10pm and 10.30 also watch out fot restarants with a 12.5% service charge read the small print before you go in.	
Jan 20 2009 	great location	We have just spent a night at this hotel, we had a double room on the 7th floor. We couldn't fault it. It was very clean and excellent value at £19, we will definately return as it is such a good location.	
Jan 19 2009 	Wouldn't bother - unless you can get it cheap	We arrived (having booked quite some time in advance) to 20 minute check in queue. There was one member of staff on - everyone had pre booked so surely they must have known at some point everyone would be wanting to check in? Another lady came out to reception and after 5 mins of pottering about decided to help check in the very big queue which had formed!I asked for a hairdryer and was given without doubt the cheapest you could find on the market and was told I had to bring it back to reception first thing in the morning! ven thoughcheck out was mid day. I said that i wouln't and was told that I must come and get it in the morning! The reception staff gave the impression they only had that one in the whole building. I thought this was ridiculous.The room wasn't that clean and the room was shabby. We paid £90 for the room which I thought was very over priaced. If I had paid like others £9 or £19 i would have been happy with the room.The only good thing is we were in London to see Oliver! this was a fantastic show and admittedly the hotel is a great location and walking distance to all the theatres and restaurants of covent garden but thats where it ends!	
Jan 19 2009 	Typical Travelodge	I stayed here with some girlfriends in January as we had a reunion to go to just down the road. The hotel was not easy to find and as loads of people have said the hotel is on two sites within walking distance from one another. I think we were lucky as the site we were at seemed a lot newer and inviting from the outside, obviously I can't account for the inside of the hotel. We had booked a family room for £99 which I thought was quite expensive. The reception, cafe etc,all looked lovely. The room was fine, typical Travelodge so I didn't bother taking any pics. It was clean and spacious. Nice tv and tea/coffee making facilities. For one night it was perfect, excellent location for theatre's, Covent Garden etc. We would definately stay there again. It may be worth taking ear plugs as it was slightly noisy due to its location.	
Jan 13 2009 	Didn't know what to expect!!!	After reading previous reviews I was apprehensive about this hotel. There were 7 in my shopping party, all girls. I booked 3 family rooms, £29 per room. We booked 1 room for an early check in to store our luggage so we didn't waste any shopping time. No problems on checking in, allocated a large room at 12 noon. On return at 6.30pm we picked up our keys for the other 2 rooms. All rooms were clean and spacious. We were on the 6th and 7th floors. You could here the traffic but it wasn't an issue. The location is FAB. We walked to Oxford St in 5 mins. Covent Garden is on the doorstep, Mama Mia and The Ivy a 10 minute walk. A fantastic shopping weekend, I wouldn't hesitate to return. We left our luggage at Charing Cross station on our departure day.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great location; great value for money	I have just comeback from a 4 night stay on my own and was well impressed. Firstly the price- I paid £19 a night. Location excellent. In fact I ended up walking to Piccadilly and Westminster; it's so well placed. Went to a couple of shows-Piccadilly and Drury Lane, both of which were near. I went alone and did not feel that after leaving the theatres that I was unsafe, even in the underground Stations. It was busy like it was early evening.Just use your sense around the Capital. I kept my handbag tightly under my arm, and my mobile out of sight. I did not eat at the hotel, but if I did want a snack, 'Subway' was a couple of yards down the road, as was various other coffee places, offering breakfast etc. There is an Indian restaurant and a Thai one opposite.Also, there is a chemist opposite and a convenience store, so you are well provided for!! Covent Garden station, which was 7 mins away, had an M&amp;S with foodhall opposite so that was handy for teh odd thing. The staff were great and helpful. The first room (3rd floor)I had was fantastic and modern (see pics) but unfortunately i had to move as the window was very draughty. The 2nd room (7th floor) was not as plush, but clean and adequate and warm. Reading a previous comment, yes there are 2 buildings. I was in the one on Drury Lane, next to a dental practice. The other is the other side of the road next to Shaftesbury Avenue.Maybe the rooms were better in my building, I can't say, but certainly they weren't dirty.I know the staff would be happy to move you if you are not satisfied. My building has it's own car park underneath and is £15 a day, which I thought was v. reasonable. I will bear that in mind for next time.I used the underground and buses (buses are great for when you have luggage or are tired as it saves all the steps, walking and escalators that face you in underground stations). I got a one day travelcard which was great value, not a lot of diff. between that and the 3 day one. can be used for buses or the tube. Sorry it's a long review, but it's things I would like to have known before I booked.	
Jan 5 2009 	No hot water	We arrived in London and got off the tube at Convent Garden, we were walking around a while before we found Travelodge, Covent Garden. As we approached we saw a nice clean huge Travelodge. But then when booking in we were sent down the road to another Travelodge, (not sure if we just went to the wrong Travelodge in the first place, or if this was a normal procedure) we went up on the lift and went into our double room, our room was basic, which you would expect with any travelodge, but the wallpaper on the walls are filthy and our double bed was just 2 single beds together which wasnt comfortable. We had no telephone to contact reception and we had no hot water on our last morning there. Won't be staying there again. I know all the travelodges are basic, i stay in them all over and had never any trouble or complaints for the previous Travelodges i stayed in but for 110 stg a night, defo not worth it	
Dec 29 2008	Great Value	Stayed at the Covent Garden hotel in a Family Room for £9.00!!!!! Fantastic!!! Room was massive and very clean - no complaints there! We already knew the hotel was split across two sites (very close) and again this was no problem. We parked in the NCP next door for which Travelodge guests are given a special rate so this cost us just £18.00 for a day and half (tip - once Travelodge have validated your ticket do not feel you have to leave the car park - your ticket will cost £12.00 plus any extra hours at a very very low rate)Had a meal and drinks in the main Travelodge which were very nice and very reasonable.Very close for everything too!Would def stay here again (am waiting for the next special offer!)	
Dec 29 2008 	It's all about expectations	This is the second time I have stayed in a Travelodge and I have to admit that, slowly, I am becoming a fan of this chain of hotels. If one is after a 5-star hotel service, then do not bother. It is useless complaining that there is no shower gel, telephone etc. You should have known this prior to booking. If what you want is a clean, warm room with a decent bathroom, then nothing beats Travelodge for value for money. We stayed at the Holborn hotel. Admittedly it is rather confusing that Travelodge does not distinguish between this hotel and the one opposite the street on Drury Lane. The reception staff have been wonderful all along. The room itself was quite spacious with spotless sheets and most importantly, warm. The bathroom facilities were good as well. Breakfast was decent, although at times it seemed like the staff were finding it hard to keep the food in good supply.We ate at the Bar Cafe one night. The food is edible but nothing to write home about. The great advantage of this Travelodge is its central position. You can walk from here to a good number of attractions. It is also very close to Holborn, Tottenham Court Road and Covent Garden tube stations. All in all, this was another pleasant stay at a Travelodge. It might not be worth paying the full price, but if you find a bargain offer make sure you don't let it pass.	
Dec 29 2008 	Not in covent garden	just back,stayed here fri &amp; sat night,booked a family room,the hotel is on Holborn high rd,our room was massive,had nice flat screen tv,tea &amp; coffee making facilities,very good value for £69 a night,10 min walk to covent garden,found lovely pub called the two brewers on monmouth st,really good food there,would stay here again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Godawful; save yourselves a lot of hassle and don't bother...	This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in for the following reasons:- £105 room rate is conditional on paying upfront; this meant Travelodge had my money since April 2008, yet on arrival my wife and I were directed towards a grotty room in a converted office block, over the road - hardly justifying an early, priority booking;- the hotel is basic, no frills and resembles a hostel rather than hotel, nowhere near justifying the £105 a night room rate;- the first room we were shown had a broken lamp fitting, no valance on the bed (the bed base was showing), chipped and broken old wooden furniture, poor TV reception, and resembled the worst cheap accomodation you could imagine;- after complaining, the second room we were shown to was little better than the first:icy cold due to a broken window frame letting in freezing cold air, plus the same tired old fixtures and fittings- the third room we were shown to, back in the main block, was little better than the other two but at least had newer, more modern furniture.After an hour, we found a barely acceptable room but, and this is the crunch: expect nothing other than a bed, wardrobe, telly and bathroom. There is no shower gel (we had to go out to buy as we'd forgotton ours) only one , tiny soap bar; no biscuits or bottled water; no telephone even though most would not use, but at least you can ring reception when you need to query something; no traveller information; no iron or board; no hairdryer. This represents the most basic of hotel accomodation and, for £105, was frankly appalling. Travelodge even had the audacity to suggest that by not supplying complimentary extras, they could save money and then pass this saving onto customers. Exactly when this saving will be passed on to me remains to be seen! I paid in April and have not had a refund of anything!Furthermore, they operate a 3pm check-in/ 12pm checkout policy.If you turn up early to drop bags off, you have the option of paying £10 to get an early room, or carry everything around until 3pm. Staff refused to take one small pull-trolley behind reception.DREADFUL! I'm really upset about my experience because so many things failed to live up to my expectations. Save yourselves the hassle of a really disapointing trip, and just avoid this hole.	
Dec 13 2008 	Great value for central London	I've stayed at this hotel on 3 occassions, twice for work and once for a weekend with friends to see a show. The location is brilliant, walking distance from most theatres &amp; covent garden &amp; the price £105 for a double room is brilliant. OK, the rooms are basic, no frills, no toiletries etc and the lighting is pretty poor, but it is clean, functional and the bed is comfy. When you see what you get elsewhere in London it is excellent value for a weekend break. I would skip the hotel breakfast &amp; use the little cafe directly opposite the entrance on Drury Lane, we had wonderful breakfast there for about £5 all cooked to order much better than the buffet in the hotel. The Princess Louise pub (Sam Smiths) on Holborn has beer at under £2 a pint, how's that for London?The hotel is in two parts, one on Drury Lane, the other across the road in Holborn, a bit confusing &amp; if you need to ask directions be sure to ask for either of these streets and not Covent Garden, its a short walk from there but took me a while to find it from Covent Garden tube.	
Dec 13 2008 	Never again - don't bother	Booked this to be near Covent Garden but really wasn't that close. They actually have 2 hotels within walking distance of each other and we had to walk from the first over to the second! Couldn't leave our bags either. When checking in we got our key to find the room hadn't been changed or cleaned. Complained and got fresh room. Rooms very basic and walls dirty. The worst aspect was the noise at night - be warned you are on the ambulance/police route presumably to the hospitals - it was hell. We even had helicopters circling overhead four times in one night. The rooms are unbelievably hot and because we were high up the windows only open a fraction - we also couldn't leave them open too long as our room backed onto a side street and even on a Monday and Tuesday there were gangs screaming abuse and bottles flying, girls screaming and police sirens blaring ALL night. Overall the staff did their best and were polite but unknowledgable about the area - they quickly rectified any problem. Breakfast was basic and rushed but adequate. Don't bother with a meal there - I heard someone complaining. Very understaffed - the staff worked really hard at breakfast and were obviously doubling up as chefs/reception.If you have an alternative hotel book it - this one has to be a last resort.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great location that's about it	I stayed here with my family as I was at a play in the West End. Luckily I had checked the location before leaving home as despite it's name this hotel is not in Covent Garden. I won't complain about the location though - 5 minutes walk from Oxford Street.The room was not particularly clean, the mattress had seen a bit too much action and sagged in all the wrong places. We had ordered a family room for two adults one child, yet there were only 2 towels and the sofabed had not been prepared.Breakfast was fairly lousy as well - cheapest possible products and not too hot. We should have gone for breakfast at any of the hundreds of cafe's around the area, but we had stayed at Premier Inn's the last few times and had a great breakfast.Overall, this was not up to the standard of some of the other Travelodge's we had stayed in, which is a shame as it is is such a brilliant location.	
Nov 27 2008 	No Frills but GREAT LOCATION	I've stayed at Travelodges before but usually on the outskirts of towns and cities. Was surprised to find one right in the centre of London. Having read through reviews on tripadvisor and also from past experience I knew what to expect.I booked through Travelodge website and got amazing deal of £29 for a Sunday night and £59 for the Monday (these were the non-flexible rates).Tripadvisor members had stated to request a room in the &quot;New Building&quot;. Nearer the time of my visit I emailed Travelodge with this request but was told to contact the hotel direct. I rang their number for almost 2 days without it being answered and was just about to give up since they have no direct email address but I decided to fax my request. No response was received, but when I arrived prompt 3pm I was dealt with in a matter of minutes and allocated a room in the new building. (room 1362)The room was on the top floor with views across London. It was extremely spacious and although basic inside, was in line with all other Travelodges. It was clean and warm.Breakfast is offered at a discount when booking but since I had not sampled these before , I decided not to book. However on seeing the breakfast available, I paid each morning at a cost of £7.50. There was a wide selection of buffet breakfast including hot cooked breakfast. ....not bad value.The hotel is located about 5 mins walk from both Covent Garden Tube and Tottenham Court Road Tube and right next door to the Shaftesbury Theatre.An ideal location and well worth the money!!!	
Nov 24 2008 	budget hotel but fantastic location	The ritz carlton it isn't! but I expected that and for people to gripe about the hotel its a bit naive to think for a basic budget hotel, you should get a top notch service and a quality room at budget prices!! Wise up you get what you pay for... My room was on the sixth floor it was clean, tidy and had a basic bathroom - no problems. Some street noise at night but again its to be expected in the city centre at the weekendThe location itself is hard to beat 5 minute walk to covent garden tube or 6 minute walk to holborn tube, 14 min walk to oxford street and 5 min walk to aldwych theatre for dirty dancing show	
Nov 21 2008 	what a dump	I expected basic but clean as this is supposed to be a new travelodge. Nope, to be fair the bedding was clean but the bathroom housed some strange alien goo, water was dripping through the bathroom ceiling from above, lift dodgy, breakfast from dirty cups and bowls and really no care from the staff.With the difference in price between this and the park plaza hotels only about £20, I know what I'll be doing next time I go to London.Dont waste your cash.	
Nov 20 2008 	Dear God What A Pit!	Checking in on a Friday night, the lobby was packed with wasted lads and laddettes (one step from hurling), literally groping their girlfriends under their skirts as they were waiting to check in. The room was dirty and had no phone, clock, or hairdryer--or any furniture other than the bed. Drunk people shouted in the halls most of the night. No location on earth is good enough to stay in this hotel. We had booked a week long stay at this horrendous Travelodge, and checked out after the first night--moving ASAP to the lovely Holiday Inn Mayfair, which had beautiful rooms and was located right across the street from the Ritz and the Green Park Underground stop. It wasn't much more expensive, and was approximately 1,000 percent better than the unmitigated dump that is the Covent Garden Travelodge.	
Nov 8 2008 	Good Value	No problem with this hotel. Ask for the extension.Break fast is fine. Fantastic location on Drury Lane.Great value for money. Would stay there again. The staff were great.	
Oct 10 2008 	Good hotel!	Arrived and were placed in the other building accross the street. We had a really large, clean and comfortable room on the second floor, very friendly staff who provided us with extra towels, tea and coffee and a hairdryer each morning!There are student halls of residence opposite the building, was slightly loud at night but it was freshers week! When windows were shut, didnt hear anything from the street.Great location, would stay again!	
Oct 2 2008 	Good location but that's about all	I didn't expect too much luxury before arriving at this Travelodge other than a handy location so wasn't too disappointed. The staff were pleasant at check-in but the same could not apply to the room which was fairly tatty. I did not like the plastic sheet on the mattress nor the fact that it was very soggy and I could feel the springs. The duvet cover was a grey shade of white and the shower curtain even worse. Carpet and sofa were a little stained in places. The bathroom functioned well apart from a loose loo seat and, upon request, sufficient towels were provided. Our room which was at the front of the hotel on Holborn Street was extremely noisy even with the windows shut. Traffic, sirens and even loud voices from the street could easily be heard and it was difficult to sleep soundly.	
Oct 1 2008	Grubby hotel in a perfect location	This hotel has one thing going for it, it's location is amazing! Walking distance from so many things, Covent Garden of course, Theatre land, Trafalgar Square, British Museum, Oxford Street etc...The Hotel itself is very basic but if you just want somewhere to sleep it is fine. Try to get a room high up or it will be noisy.They have this silly thing where you cannot check i not even a minute before 3pm so you might be in a very long queue, this is all very silly as the staf are probably sitting around doing not much before 3pm. They really need to review this.The room was a bit grubby but ok for one night. Breakfast was fine, enough for me anyway the eating area is small so if you get up late there will be a queue. Might be best not to book breakfast and eat in one of the many eating places around about.Would I recommend it? Yes but not for more than a night or 2 and the main reason for recomending it is location and not much else.	
Sep 30 2008 	Would stay here again	We did pay more as we'd left it late to book a room, and it was the cheapest we could find in the vicinity.We stayed in the older building, which was easy to find after a short walk from Holborn underground.The check-in queue was not long as we'd checked in at around 3-4pm.The room was very hot, and despite leaving the window ajar when we'd gone out, it was still very hot, so I wouldn't recommend staying there when it's warm, as the room we stayed in was not air-conditioned. Bizarrely, the corridors outside our room were!We did not find it noisy staying on the third floor, and had a view of some housing blocks and an outdoor swimming pool.The bathroom was clean. The bed was clean. Yes the room was in need of a tiny bit of refurbishment, but overall was absolutely fine. The room was also quite big, and had a flatscreen tv. (We'd stayed in a 4 star hotel in Bloomsbury last time- &quot;superior room&quot; which was very small in comparison.)I would stay here again as it was very close to where we needed to be. However, I would stay in the colder months, and would book in advance to take advantage of the lower price for the room.	
Sep 29 2008 	Good location shabby accomodation	Well, what can I say? Shabby, smelly rooms, bitten by bugs, uncomfy beds, dreadful 'sofa bed' that they expect children to sleep on, security issues and very poor breakfast.....The best thing about this hotel is the location. Only minutes away from Covent Garden and the tube stations. That I feel is the only positive point I can make. Fortunately we only stayed for 1 night. We had to leave the window open all the while because room had a strange smell - kind of like sweaty socks!! The sofa bed was falling apart and our children were not impressed when we informed them that was where they had to sleep. The bed wasn't much better. It was very lumpy and you could feel the springs. Upon waking in the morning I was covered in bites. Do Not leave any valuables in your room. Someone else in our party also staying there was given a key card for their room and upon opening the door to what they thought was their room turned out to be already in use by other hotel guests and had all their belongings in there. Good job they are honest people and shut the door immediately and went back down to reception. Breakfast isn't very good value. It's the bare minimum. Sure you'd get a lot better in one of the many eateries around.	
Sep 20 2008 	Great location but not value for money	This hotel has fabulous views if you are lucky enough to get a room in the building on the corner of High Holborn &amp; Museum St and are located on high floor. The rooms are huge although feel spartan. My first room had a mattress that kept me awake all night due to being able to feel the springs through the top layer. I secured a different room on my 2nd, 3rd &amp; 4th nights and the mattress was much improved. My big bug-bear with this hotel is its poor value for money. I paid £102 per night for room only. My view is that unless you are getting a discount for staying more than one night that the room should be presented to the same high standards on each and every night (i.e. as if it's your 1st night every night). Travelodge doesn't share my view - the bedding was not changed and the miniscule bar of soap had to last me 4 nights. If I'd paid £29 per night (Travelodge continually promote their £19/£29 offers which is fine if you want to stay on a Sunday in November) then I wouldn't have minded. Those of us that have to be in London on business - and have to pay for the room ourselves can feel nothing but cheated. This hotel is a bit like a bus station too and checkin was laboured - having to queue in order for the reception staff to treat you as if they are doing you a huge favour to let you pay £102 to stay. Luckily I've now found b&amp;b agencies with rates half that of Travelodge.	
Sep 20 2008 	The worst hotel experience ever	This was probably the worst hotel experience I ever had. I was supposed to stay for 13 days but I ended up checking out an hour after I checked in. To sum it upNo shampooOnly a few hangers, I asked for more they said NO!!!No iron or ironing boardNo place to leave your language before you check in or after you check outExceptionally unfriendly staffVery noisy When I told them that I am canceling my stay because of the above reasons, instead of being apologetic they actually said “What do you expect, this is a budget hotel”. My rate was over $200/night, and even for London I expected at least some basic amenities for this price.	
Sep 16 2008 	what customer service ?	London visitor11/12 septemberWe have just returned from a two night stay at this hotel.Ugh !The check in is 3pm - and not before. There is no facility to leave luggage before that time and even if you arrive at 2.45 you cannot be given a room - until 3pm unless of course you pay their £10 supplement.for early check in. So at 3pm there was a long queue of &quot;guest&quot; all waiting to check in. To add insult to injury the hotel staff put up a &quot;queue here&quot; sign !The lifts smelt of cats, the washbasin in the room leaked water on your feet The shower did not work and obviously had not done so for some time, the non working mixer tap filling up the bath (which was partly blocked) as you showered. The floor had not been properly swept and if you wanted a hairdryer you had to collect one from reception and return it within one hour. Travelodge do not provide shower gel etc.Breakfast was mediocre, when we arrived in the dining room there were no fruits in the bowls or plates or tea bags. We had to wait for all these.For the money we could have stayed in a far nicer hotel in the area .Won't be going back !!	
Aug 27 2008 	Location Location Location!!	My friend and I stopped in London for a quick two nights before heading up to Edinburgh to visit friends.Since time was of the essence, we booked two nights at the Travelodge Covent Garden because of its location and unbelievably cheap rates.People have complained about many things regarding this hotel, especially things like the rather steep steps leading up to reception. Here's a hint we discovered: turn into the small street by the stairs and start walking toward the next cross street. Before you even leave the hotel area, you'll see a ramp on the right leading up to reception. It's dark and empty at night, so perhaps the stairs are preferrable then, but to drag heavy luggace, there's no better way than the ramp!Now, the room itself was fine; no frills at all. We really only needed a place to sleep and we didn't spend much time in the room itself.The rug turned the bottoms of my socks gray and we only got ONE bar of soap between the two of us for the whole two days (it was a see-through sliver by checkout) and the beds were not made up either days. (But towels were changed)The lobby area had a nice looking restaurant that was always busy at night and there were computers to check email. You needed a key to access the elevators, so I'd say security is probably NOT an issue.But what seals the deal here is the incredible location. For a mere 100 bucks a night, you are five minutes on foot from Covent Garden. A few more minutes and you're smack in the middle of the West End. You can walk to the British Museum as well as the Strand.....and there are great restaurants right near the hotel. (Rock and Sole Plaice on Endell Street is right down from your front door!So it's not the Savoy or the Ritz, but for value and (most of all) location, this one can't be beat!	
Aug 20 2008 	Excellent Location and Price	Excellent hotel in a central location. Stayed two nights in a very clean and comfortable room. We stayed on the 13th floor and had a terrific view of LondonEasy walking distance of all London's major attractions and theatres. . Very helful staff on reception who gave plenty of advice on where to go and what to see. Very resonable rates too. Would definately like to stay here again and would definately recomend it.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Value Great Location	Stayed at the Travel Lodge for one night (15th August) in a family room. We paid £59 and only £12 per day to park the car - this is excellent value anywhere let alone central London.The Room was clean and totally acceptable, nothing to complain about at all.There was considerable noise outside until the early hours but thats not the hotel's fault.The breakfast was excellent, good quality and fresh and lots of it.The location was great as we were visiting the British Museum - literally a 3 minute walk (if that) and going to see the Lion KIng at the Lyceum.This was a great little find that I would definately recomment to anyone.If you are looking for a hotel when going to see Hairspray you couldn't get a better location as its about 20 steps from the hotel !!!	
Aug 14 2008 	Excellent value for money	We have just returned from a stay at this hotel, which we booked on their special rate deals for 29 pounds per room!! It was absolutely fantastic value for the money for any destination let alone central London! The rooms were standard Travelodge rooms but were spacious and clean. We have recently stayed at the Travelodge Birmingham Maypole (see my review) and how different two hotels in the same chain can be!! We pre-booked breakfast at the discounted rate of 6.75 which, when children eat free, is excellent value. There was a very good choice of cooked breakfast/cereals/breads and yoghurts etc. The staff were very polite and helpful. Excellent location. All in all we enjoyed our stay very much and would definately return for 29 pounds!!	
Aug 12 2008 	Great position for West End shows!	Stayed here for a one night theatre break. Well positioned West End budget hotel. The room was well equipped, including a slim-line TV and the bathroom was spotless!On the down side, the sun-facing room was very hot but there was a fan provided . Due to it being hot we had the window open slightly overnight which didn't help the noise factor of sirens and revellers outside a nearby club who were still loud at 7am Sunday morning!Would stay here again, although would avoid a Saturday night!	
Aug 11 2008 	PLEASANTLY SURPRISED	We (2 adults and 2 children) recently stayed 2 nights at the Travelodge Covent Garden in a Family Room and were pleasantly surprised based on previous reviews we had read. Our room was in the new building - there are 2 buildings on opposite sides of the road. The room was comfortable, reasonably large considering it's in the centre of London, clean and had everything we needed. No they don't provide shampoo etc, but you do get soap and you can borrow a hairdryer from reception. The only downside was that there is no air conditioning (which we knew before we booked) and we had one extremely hot night when it was stinking hot in the room, but there was a window that could open and a fan in the room.The location of the hotel is great, with easy access to the tube etc and lots of restaurants/eating options within a stones throw.Overall the Travelodge was great value for what we paid and I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Aug 10 2008 	budget price and experience	Stayed with my husband and 2 kids in a family room. We were in the across the road building. It was ok, clean, new tv, bathroom could have done with being refurbished. Its a great location but noisy at 1 am! No aircon so very hot. Th fan drowned out some of the noise from the street. Its a budget hotel so you get a budget experience, not enough towels or pillows for the number of people in the room. Would be better in the winter when less hot.	
Aug 2 2008 	great location	When booking ask for a room in the new building its just a stones throw away from the Shaftesbury Theatre and easyer to get to with your luggage. If you check in at the old building you have a flight of stairs to climb then you might discover that your in the new building that across the street!. The rooms are a good size especially if you have a family room and only two of you go. I would definitley stay here again as its centeral for most places.	
Jul 29 2008	Go for a new basement room!	We stayed at this hotel last weekend. When we arrived we were offered the choice of a room in the tower block or a basement room in the 'other building' which is across the street. We opted for the basement room as the receptionist said it was newly refurbished and had air-con. I would recommend going for this type of room - the air-con was fab and not too noisy, okay so the view was of the underground carpark but the room was very nice,and had a flat screen telly and nice bathroom.We only paid £30 for the night but wouldn't have minded paying a bit more. If you end up paying about £100 for a room then i'd avise going elsewhere and definately check in early enough to get a basement room!Only down-side was that the entrance to the other building was by a courtyard which seemed to be full of smokers during the day and at night when we back about 11.30 it was deserted but had lots of shadowy areas and not enough lighting - if i'd been a woman along i'd have felt quite wary!	
Jul 27 2008 	Don't waste your money	This hotel is dated from the outside, horrible shabby building. The room we stayed in room 42 on ground floor was average. Although we did not get 2 bath towels just one and only 3 pillows for 2 people. Bed was comfy but rooms were v hot. No air conditioning in hotel at all and the bar area was incredibly hot that everyone sat outside.Also no hairdryer or shower gels etc. V basic room.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Location Not so great hotel...	Stayed for four nights, part business, part pleasure. I chose this Travelodge because it was literally next door to the offices I was visiting.Huge building, obviously originally not a hotel but has been adapted.First impressions fine, receptionist to the point but factual. Was given a room on the top floor, which was good as little or no exterior noise.However, be warned - the hotel allegedly has Air Conditioning but it is disconnected. (The guests in the next room confirmed this also). The reception does have fans but they were all lent out. The room was stifling hot, the windows only open 3cm and very little air circulated - fortunately I was only sleeping there! At the hottest time of year, this could be uncomfortable for some people.The hotel has wifi, but it was virtually unusable due to its slowness, I did take this up with reception who advised me to call the premium rate helpline - I didn't but emailed them instead. I decided to avail of the breakfast rate online, usual Travelodge breakfast, however I do agree with previous comments, the hot food was bordering on tasteless, I've stayed in many Travelodges and had many breakfasts, but for some reason this one tasted different. In addition the cereals were out of date by 2 weeks so check the package date!!This hotel has a great location which outweighs the bad points, I was quite happy paying an internet rate of £79 but would go elsewhere if I had to pay full whack! If you can plan in advance and don't need all the usual stuff associated with major hotels then it should be a good choice for you.	
Jul 21 2008 	Be a little flexible with your dates	I booked the hotel from Australia when Travelodge had excellent deals on its web site (29pounds per night for weekends). I spoke with a friend in the UK a little later and she nearly passed out when I told her the price because she'd booked her boss into the same hotel during the working week and the cost was about 100pounds. My friend and I were pleased with what we got for that price but we still paid a little attention to this site and 'checked in' over the road at High Holborn. Unfortunately, we didn't get to stay in the new part because we had requested twin beds and we were told the Travelodge on that side of the road doesn't have any. We found the staff very pleasant and helpful: the following morning the receptionist on duty contacted Luton Travelodge to let them know of our late arrival and to query public transport access etc. The hotel is situated very centrally but beware of carrying too much luggage from Holborn or Covent Garden tube stations as it's at least a 10 minutes walk along cracked pavements. It's true that the hotel could be improved cosmetically with some minor renovations and better bedding such as more adequate pillows and fluffy towels. My suggestion to would-be guests is to check out Travelodge's newsletter which tells you where the bargains are throughout the UK and Europe (some as little as 19 pounds a night) and be a little flexible with your dates.	
Jul 14 2008 	Good location - not so good hotel!	I stayed at the Travelodge Covent Garen whilst on a business trip in London. I chose the hotel for the location as it was central. I also belived that as it was part of the Travelodge chain it would be of a certain standard. I was wrong!Checking in at 5pm was'nt too bad. There was a little bit of a que but staff were efficient and helpful. Whilst waiting I was stood behind a lady with dripping wet hair, who told me that she had come down to borrow a hair dryer as these were not available within the room. I overheard the receptionist tell her that the loan was for 30 minutes, and then saw her pass what could only be described as a little old 1980's style dryer. Great if it worked but hwy the rush to return it - I certinly dont think anyone would benefit from stealing it!My room was on 5th floor overlooking some apartment blocks. OK for central London although I needed to keep my curtains drwn when getting changed as there were no nets and it did not feel private. Room was fairly clean, but no hairdryer, fridge, safe etc. My colleague appeared to get the short straw as her room appeared to be lacking in furnature too. Bed quite comfy.Breakfast was served in the Cafe next to reception. It cost around £7 if booked online with the room. Good selection of food and cereal - although cooked breakfast tasted like it was from large catering packs and lacked flavour.Communal areas quite clean - some stains etc but to be expected from such a huge hotel.For the cost of £125 per night I would not return. Got much better deal online staying at a better quality hotel a little further out. For one night and a good location this is ok.	
Jul 14 2008 	urgent refurbishment needed	pretty much in-line with other reviewers.this place is years past needing a full refurbishment, tatty everything, one towel in a double room, horrible bathroom, tiny double bed.we stayed in a crowne plaza hotel the weeekend before, the bed was twice the size.	
Jun 20 2008 	Good location but that's it........	The Travelodge Covent Garden is past it's best, by a long way...We paid £105 for one night, room only. The corridors smell musty, the decor in the room was tired. Furniture was chipped, the air con didn't work. Bathroom was dirty, only one hand and bath towel for two people. The internal 'security' door from the lobby to the rooms was out of order, so non guests could easily gain access to the rooms. As for the bed, it was small lumpy and very, very uncomfortable.There are plenty of other hotels out there to choose from, unless you can get a room here for next to nothing, take your hard earned cash else where!	
Jun 13 2008 	Not the Best!	Stayed here for 2 nights in May for a quick trip to London. The location was excellent in the hub of Covent Garden but that was the only positive thing. The decor is extremely dated and the room was terrible in terms of cleanliness. The bathroom was particularly unclean and we were provided with only one (very small) towel between two people (we did manage to get another but when the room was cleaned these were taken away). The room was not very well ventilated and the window only opened very slightly. However, friends of ours stayed in the Travelodge in Islington (aprox 3 tube stops away). For half the price, they got a more up to date and clean in a modern building. I would recommend staying here rather than the Covent Garden hotel.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great!	Stayed at this hotel during a trip to London.A short walk from the tube (if you know where your going!), Covent Garden, and the embankment.We stayed in the blistering heat of August, but was provided with a fan which really helped. Shame the windows only open a couple of inches!The staff where friendly, polite and helpful. Our room was almost on the top floor, which was great because there wasnt much traffic noise. The room was clean and well presented.We have a brilliant view - towards the BT tower and it looked stunning at night.The hotel was full and we had to wait 5 mins to be seated for breakfast - but it was worth it!	
May 25 2008 	Best Way To Save Money in London	Stayed here for 1 night after a group tour, before leaving London for Oxford. This chain is one of THE best ways to save money in London. Got the room for £29 (booked online) + £10 more gets you early (12 noon) check-in. My room was [*mostly] clean, had king bed, coffee service, flat screen TV and a tiny bar of soap. No extra toiletries, pants press, hair dryer, not even a telephone! There is wifi, but no internet in the TV. And they do NOT have any left luggage facility. This is Maximum Basic. [*Bed + Bath were clean, chair had stained upholstery] It’s like staying in a student dorm room. In fact, the front terrace was covered with college-aged people when I arrived. Although other middle-aged, respectable couples were checking in. Elevators are tiny, halls narrow and you need to use your keycard to open the inner door to the building. Room doors are a little flimsy, but I didn’t feel unsafe in the building. [You can always bring a door wedge with you.] This hotel [we would call this a ‘motel’ in the States] is 2 blocks from the British Museum, 3 blocks from Holborn tube, and walking distance to Covent Garden and many other places of interest (Dominion Theater, Old Curiosity shop). But it’s not an attractive place, nor on a ‘pretty’ street. Nearby Kingsway Street is full of inexpensive chain eateries, which are better/cheaper than the hotels café. A good way to travel inexpensively, or for 1 or 2 extra nights.	
May 25 2008 	Strange place	Strange ‘Hotel’, surely never built as a hotel! Awful ‘arrival experience’ the taxi driver warned me, many guests cant believe this is the hotel! You drive into a dingy basement, there’s an intercom on a pillar, buzz and yr let through a security door into a corridor and a lift, like a very old office building fire escape… very disturbing! Checkin, Ok, but there were people in front who had queued, only to be told they were at the wrong hotel. Theres another bit across the road that’s the same but separate, how do you know where you are booked? No idea.The room, a bit shabby but very large, in fact the biggest room ive ever had in London, bathroom ok.The restaurant a bit like a motorway service station, 20 yrs ago….all very odd, not unpleasant just odd.The best thing is the location, one direction Covent Garden , the other Tottenham Ct Rd and Oxford St.So if you want a central location, can get a cheap deal, fancy an odd experience, and theres a few of you sharing a room, go for it!	
May 8 2008	Great Location	Perfect location for British Museum, Covent Garden, Oxford Street and all that's close and exciting about a stay in London. Amenities at this Travelodge are very fair - OK so they don't supply a hair dryer - but they do supply tea and coffee facilities and unlike other Travelodges this one offers a full English breakfast menu and lounge/coffee/bar facilities are available. So when you've had enough you can nip back to chill out before starting up again! I've stayed here 3 times this year - last week our room was virtually a corridor - but for £59.00 I am not complaining!	
May 7 2008 	So Central	Well we've just returned from 4 nights here over the bank holiday weekend. We weren't expecting much going over after reading the reviews here etc but we were pleasantly surprised.We checked in the High Holborn entrance after reading that that was the newer building. As others have said, the hotel is basic but clean. They didn't have a double room left for us when we checked in (granted it was almost 11pm) but gave us a family room for the 4 nights. I think it was basically the same as a double room but bigger and had a big couch in it. The couch was old and scruffy and dirty looking but luckily we only used it as a clothes hanger! The bed was about a queen size I'd say so plenty big. Very soft but I found that very comfortable. It was very close to the ground for some reason though but not a big deal. We had enough towels for the 2 of us but if they were to do any more people I don't think we wouldn't have had enough. The bed was made each day and the bathroom lightly cleaned. One day they forgot to restock the teabags like another poster but I just got some from the breakfast area. The only real gripe I have is that the cleaners were knocking at our door at 9am on the day we were due to check out trying to get into the room to clean. Check out is not until 12pm and to add insult to injury I had booked a late checkout and paid an extra £10 to stay until 2pm. It is a major bugbear of mine when hotels do this so I complained to reception and I was first of all told it much have been another guest knocking on the wrong door (it wasn't, I opened the door with a very sleepy head and saw the cleaners!) and then I was given an apology of sorts. The hotel was extremelly busy with the bank holiday and the queue for breakfast each morning was quite long. We had not booked breakfast as I am not one to eat too much in the mornings and refuse to pay £7.50 for a slice of toast and cup of tea but instead chose to go with the recommendation of going to a nearby cafe which I'm glad about as the breakfast looked awful in the hotel. There is Cafe Ola and Franz Cafe 2 mins walk to the right of the hotel which both do lovely breakfasts for about £5 for a full english. Much better quality than was being served in the hotel. Also on the street you walk down to get to Covent Garden tube station there are lovely trendy cafe's.The hotel is located midway between Holborn and Covent Garden tube stops. (turn right for Covent Garden and left for Holborn when you come out of the hotel) You can get the picadilly line at either and the central line at Holborn. Less than 10 mins walk to either. It is a more pleasant walk to Covent Garden stop as you pass shops/cafes however they don't have escalators here (just a big lift or hundreds of stairs) and it gets really really busy so we used Holborn a lot for handiness. £5.30 will get you a day ticket for the tube that you can use all day. It's about 25/30 mins walk to Picadilly Circus.The rooms don't have an iron/hairdryer. You can borrow both from reception but they don't have that many. They'll give you an iron and ironing board for 2 hours. We were unlucky in that the room accross from us were quite noisy but we were barely there and they didn't disturb our sleep. Noisy guests are not the hotels fault. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel for what it is... a cheap, central London hotel to base yourself when you're not going to be spending all your time there.	
May 6 2008 	Good location	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in May 08. I have stayed in this hotel previously and was impressed with the room and decor, however it does appear to have deteriorated somewhat in appearance and quality. We arrived an hour early and were refused check in unless we paid £10 extra, once we did check in this was pretty slow. The room is adequate and clean. The rooms must vary somewhat in the hotel as the room we had this time did not compare to last. Facilities were limited, we even had to buy our own toilet rolls ! The good thing about this hotel is the location, this outweighs the bad points, near walking distance to covent garden, leciester square, trafalgar square, piccadilly, theatre district. A lot of steps up to the hotel altho there is a ramp at the back. I would stay here again purely for the location.	
May 4 2008 	Good value	This hotel offers a central location at a reasonable cost.My wife and two children booked a family room en suite. The room was spacious and clean. The sofa bed (separates into two singles)was ideal for the children. The double bed mattress was a little soft for my liking. Noise levels at night (second floor) were just about O.K.But the best thing about this hotel is its location, you are literary minutes from everywhere.	
Apr 28 2008 	Scruffy but clean and convenient	We knew exactly what we were letting ourselves in for when we booked this Travelodge as until recently we had worked in the area for almost 10 years. The location is spot on and the prices are cheap. Our room was very clean, but the decor had certainly seen better days. Staff were pleasant enough. We had a room on the sixth floor which had great views across the city and wasn't too noisy. Not bad for £60.This is perfect for budget travellers who would like some seclusion and an en-suite or people who want to spend most of their time exploring the city, rather than luxuriating in their room. We would definitely go back - especially if a boozy night is involved as it's only 10 mins walk to some excellent eateries &amp; bars!	
Apr 24 2008 	It was OK - fine for just one night	Had to spend a night here for work and for one night and I would say the hotel was more than reasonable for central London. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The room I stayed in was in the building opposite reception which required a key card for entry which made it feel safe. The room was OK - needs updating, new carpets / furniture but the bed was perfectly clean and very comfy. I actually had a great night's sleep, which doesn't happen very often when I staying in hotels on my own. The bathroom was OK again, perfectly clean but some damp apparent in a couple of the ceiling tiles. Shower was nice and powerful. Added to this the location was great, just a couple of minutes walk to Covent Garden.	
Apr 22 2008 	Fantastic location	Great location but be warned no facility to leave luggage if you haven't pre-booked a £10 or £26 early/late check in/out.Hotel could do with a spruce up in general and in particular the carpets. take your own hairdryer as there isnt one in the room.All in all exactly as expected for the price	
Apr 22 2008 	Home from Home	We stayed in the hotel on High Holborne Rd - the newer of the two Covent Garden Travelodges. We arrived in London from Heathrow and easily found our way from Holborn tube station to the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful and for an addition GBP10.00 we were checked into the hotel by 09h30. There are grocery stores, restuarants and fast food places within easy walking distance from the hotel. The breakfast was worthwhile considering the children eat for free. Wireless internet was reasonable - (we paid for a week's access.) The situation of the Travelodge is fantastic and at GBP49.00 this accommodation was a bargain. Look forward to staying there again when next in London.	
Apr 20 2008 	budget hotel	booked hotel for a one night stay, only used it to drop off luggage shower, out,back sleep shower gone. so it really did not matter about being 4* which was just as well. it really is what it,s meant for a stop over hotel, very basic, but for £60 for a family room in a great locaton for theatre's and show's it's value for money. wouldn't pay any more thou.	
Apr 20 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	After reading some dreadful reviews about this place we were very pleasantly surprised by our stay. Upon arrival, check in was smooth and quick - we'd paid for early check-in which I would recommend if you need to drop bags and want to avoid the check-in rush. We were first allocated a room right next door to a lift so I asked to change immediately and this was arranged by a very helpful lady at Reception with no problem at all.We have used Travelodges before and although they're pretty basic and don't offer much in the way of character or luxuries we've always been comfortable and feel that they offer very good value for money for one or two night stays. This Travelodge was no exception; it was spotlessly clean, fairly quiet - considering we stayed on the second floor above a very busy road - just a hum of traffic but nothing particularly intrusive, excellent location - a pleasant stroll to Covent Garden or a 3 minute walk to Holborn underground and breakfast was more than adequate and pretty good value (£7.95 all you can eat buffet - cereals, toast, yoghurt, cooked English, etc). We queued for no more than 5 minutes for breakfast at around 9am, which seemed their busiest time and were greeted by curteous, efficient staff who were very apologetic about the delay in seating us.We booked a family room, even though there were just the two of us, so that we had a bit more space. Again I'd recommend this as you also get extra towels and bedding should you want it.If you keep in mind that it's a Travelodge, not The Waldorf and its pretty cheap compared to the majority of other London hotels, hopefully you wont be disappointed.We'd definitely recommend it for an overnight stay or theatre break.	
Apr 19 2008 	Would not return	Stayed here for 2 nights in April on business. Would not stay again. Clean but not really clean - champagne cork found behind the sofa in the corner of the room, couple of short black hairs in my bed although linen looked pressed and unslept in. Very basic - no shampoo, no shower gel, no hairdryer. Location good - situated in central London but down the dodgy, shadowy, dark end of Drury Lane. Speaking from a female persepctive - would not have felt safe outside after dark. Carpet looked a little unsavoury - needed a god shampoo and vacuum! Receptionist very pleasant - moved me with no fuss from hideous underground room with view of old matresses stacked up in underground car park to first floor. Only plus is plasma screen TV in room - the only luxury. I know it is cheap but it wasn't very cheerful. Definitely would not recommend. Needs modernising and a good lick of paint.	
Apr 13 2008 	very plesent stay	I stayed in a double room as there was 3 of us. we really enjoyed our stay and had 2 plesent nights sleep. In central of everything. Would stay again as cheap (for London) and very very good location!!Rooms only basic but we only slept in room never spent hours sitting round or getting dresses.Rooms have TV, kettle (with tea-bags/coffee and milk) soap and plenty of spare towels.Overall i would go back any time	
Apr 9 2008	Good location but not much else	I've stayed here a couple of times now and it is not great but as another reviewer has said, it is a travel-lodge and you get what you pay for in London. The location is excellent which is why I have chosen it but it does seem to be used by school trip groups and student groups, hence noise etc.You can get good deals in better London hotels if you shop around and have plenty of time to book. This is OK as a last minute resort but it reminds me of University hall of residence, when the students are in residence!	
Apr 7 2008 	Fantastic location	I visited the Travelodge in Covent Garden, the hotel was great, there is actually 2 separate buildings, we stayed in the new building accross the road, standard travelodge hotel, clean, friendly staff spacious room and a wonderful location.	
Apr 6 2008 	Good location	Good location, basic room.Clean and tidy. Managed to get a nights sleep.Check in was busy at 2:30 pm with people queuing to book in, the computer system was slow . No shampoo, only one tiny bar of soap, so take your own! No hairdryer in room, so collect one from reception BEFORE you wash your hair. Very handy part of town.	
Apr 4 2008 	Good Location	We stayed for one night for theatre visit. The hotel is conveniently located near Covent Garden, British Museum restaurants theatres etc.The room was clean and functional but facilities very basic. One minute bar of soap and toilet roll which was running out with no spare. Hair dryers could only be borrowed for two hours which is difficult if you wash your hair on rising.Some failed light bulbs .There are no phones in the bedrooms so communication with reception impossible in the event of an emergency especially if you are on the top floor.Beds comfortable and bed linen clean . OK for what we wanted but the room rate of £100 was expensive for what we got.	
Mar 26 2008 	Stay only when discounted - dont pay full rate!	We checked in on Monday 17/3/08 and stayed till Monday 24/3 for 1 week in total. Through out our stay, the carpet was not vacummed, the sheets were not changed and we were only given 1 bar of soap! When we checked in on the Monday, the carpet already felt grimy. Neither were the sheets changed. Only on Sunday, on the last night in the hotel were our sheets changed because I believed that was their routine day for changing the sheets. Midway through my stay - about Thursday, I removed the soiled pillowcase and housekeeping did not bother to replace the pillowcase and my husband had to sleep on a stained pillow without pillowcase for the remainder nights until their routine fresh sheets day on Sunday! On Tuesday, after Monday night (our first night), I placed the comforter over the bed and housekeeping did not even make my bed! So on subsequent nights, I have to mess up my bed and strewn the comforter and pillows all over the bed to ensure that the housekeeping make my bed! I tried to complain to the front desk and the staff there was unresponsive and make insinuating remarks that they do not change the sheets when I was just highlighting that the bed was not made! My average daily rates were GBP95 which is equivalent to USD 190 per day!	
Mar 23 2008 	Threatening environment - doss-house danger	Be very careful. I took two rooms on a Friday evening (Easter bank holiday weekend in 2008) for my young family. I dreaded the possibility that, at only £100/night, it might be a London &quot;doss-house&quot;.We all returned from a show at about 11pm and fell asleep. We were on the 7th floor. At 3am, someone ran along the corridor knocking at every door. Not nice. At 4am a drunken? drugged? partly began in room 706 with yelling and screaming. There are no phones in the rooms and its not easy to get security. The partly continued until about 7am, with lots of shouting and banging of doors. Not nice at all.My wife slept with one of our children ,and I wth the other, thankfully. Having them in a room on their own in this kind of threatening environment would have been frightening. Perhaps we were just unlucky (I doubt it), but it completely wrecked an expensive evening of show and restaurant.There are no toiletries, no phones. The walls are made of paper. There were gouges in the door frame (previous break-ins?). Yeuch. Next time, I won't take the risk. The more tempting the price, the more likely a less-than-perfect room neighbour has spotted it as well! Unless you intend arriving back at 4am drunk as a skunk with four mates - give it a miss!	
Mar 17 2008 	Fantastic location	Without stating the obvious, it's a Travelodge! They have standard accomodation across the country, and this was no different to any other Travelodge I have stayed in.We didn't expect luxury, but basic, clean good value accomodation, and that is what we got. We did have to pay the full rate of £105 per night as there were no offers available for the night we were staying in London. We could have stayed at substantially nicer hotels further out of central London for the same price, but we chose this for one reason - location!If you want to be smack bang in the middle of London, within walking distance to everywhere, then this is perfect! 2 minutes to the British Museum, 5 minutes to Charing Cross Road and the outskirts of Soho, plenty of bars and restaurants in the area. You could even walk from Kings Cross in a reasonable time, but we chose cabs because of the typical English weather! Being able to wander the streets without being reliant on public transport is a fantastic way to see and experience London.	
Mar 11 2008	ok if on a cheap deal...otherwise not great!	No toiletries whatsoever. i have stayed in a travlodge before and you usually get at least shampoo and shower gel. the vending machines that supplied these at an extortionate price, were both out of order. we had to make an emergency dash to a local shop, making us late for our show and very flustered!!!no hairdryer either the receptionist told me i could have it for 2 hours.we paid £105 per room and i have to say it was worth about £40 at the most really. location was great, breakfast ok and bar prices quite reasonable.	
Mar 8 2008 	Ok wouldnt have paid full rate	We booked this for our annual theatre break ive stayed in travelodges before although we normally stay in a 4 star hotel on Shaftesbury Avenue when visiting London but there was 3 of us this year and at £49 per room per night we really couldnt pass up such a cheap rate personally i wouldnt have stayed there if had cost any more there are better hotels for £105 per night.U get everything you would expect from Travelodge hotels Bathroom, Bed, Tea Coffee Tray and Tv but hay thats all you need we were out in a morning and didnt return till late evening.Location was spot on we were in the High Holborn site you literally crossed the road and you were on Shaftesbury Avenue and the other way was Holborn tube station.All in all was a great cheap stay and i would proberly stay again but only if i got the same offer of £49 per night i honestly dont think its worth any more money than that.	
Feb 24 2008 	Just OK	Paid full whack for the room based on the premis that it was a good location and other hotels for £100 on a Friday night were not so central. Usual TL fare - no toiletries, cheap towels etc but good enough for a one night stay. we literally only slept there so didn't really matter what the inside of the room was like. Did request a room on the upper levels (2 weeks before we got there) but never got confirmation of this and, on arrival, we were stuck on floor 6 out of 13 with no apology or reference to our request. didnt ask for breakfast, went to Mexican place round the corner, cheap at £4.50 but very greasy. Plus points - we asked for more teabags in the hotel and were told to help ourselves from the breakfast area and there are vending machines with snacks etc.	
Feb 22 2008 	Good Location	No cheap deals for us - paid full price for 2 family rooms, but then we were stuck for dates as was a special birthday celebration and it was half-term!! We booked the hotel for its location as near to Covent Garden, only 10 minutes walk away. Rooms were very basic, which we expected but very clean, stayed in Holborn block, 4th floor and did not hear any noise at all. Mattress bit too soft for us - but that's just personal preference. Spacious, clean bathroom too. It was worth paying the extra £10 for a midday check-in for one of the rooms, just to dump the bags.We ate breakfast at a nearby local Cafe Mira, very good, there are plenty around offering really good food at a reasonable price. Staff were friendly and we enjoyed our stay.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great location for Theatres	Just what you expect from travelodge really...nothing special but nothing bad. The location was great for theatreland. I was on the top floor (7th), so wasn't noisy at all. The view was quite good, the last hotel I used in London had a view of a brick wall!!!The carpet looked new and everything was clean if a little shabby in the bathroom. Wouldn't be impressed if I'd paid the £105pn standard rate, but if you can book early and get a good deal you can't complain. Staff were nice and the bar had reasonable meals for reasonable prices. I'd go again...at the right price. See pics for yourself.PS. the hotel is split on two sites, one building on drury lane and the other just round the corner on the same road as Shaftsbury theatre.	
Feb 17 2008 	Perfect Position but noisy!	Stayed on a Saturday for some shopping and theatre (Lord of the Rings - fabulous show!!). Hotel is perfectly positioned for theatres (only 10 mins walk to most on Drury Lane) and a 10 min walk to Covent Garden shops. Room was fine - however, an all night rave club across the road was v.noisy (punters shouting outside / dull 'thud..thud' of the music) - not too bad if you are shattered at the end of a long day (we were) and you eventually crash out..but would be annoying if you stayed for more than one night. Might be quiter on other side of hotel (we stayed in room 570). Didn't have hotel breakfast (as warned by other reviewers) - plenty of fab little diners across the road (Museum Road) for a nice breakfast followed by a visit to the British Museum (5 mins walk from hotel). Paid the extra for an early check in (midday instead of 3pm - make the most of the day) and a later check out (2pm instead of midday - again gives you more time to see local sights without dragging luggage around). Overall - a reasonably good experience but shame about the local racket!.	
Feb 15 2008 	great room and location	We stayed at the High Holborn site of the Covent Garden Travelodge for two nights this week and found everything to be up to the standard that you expect from Travelodge.We checked into this one after reading other reviews on here saying that it was the better of the two. On check in I requested a quiet room and got it. We were on the 7th floor and to the side of the building away from the lifts, and apart from the odd siren, we didn't experience much outside noise.The room and bathroom were clean and a hospitality tray was provided. More pillows were given on request, and irons and hairdryers were available at reception.After reading some of the reviews,we had breakfast around 8 am when it was fairly quiet. It was plentiful and there was a good choice of cereal, fruit, muffins, croissants and the usual English breakfast ingredients, which were kept topped up. We found that it was busier as we were leaving, and at just after 9 am there was a queue waiting to be seated.The location is great for access to most places. It is in between two tube stations, but we also found that it was only about a ten minute walk from Picadilly Circus straight up Shaftesbury Avenue.While we were there, we went to see Hairspray at the Shaftesbury theatre, which was right next door to the Travelodge, a more convenient location couldn't have been found.We won't hesitate to stay here again on our next visit to London	
Feb 11 2008	Excellent value for money	Booked it as a bargain special offer £19 for one night (a Sunday) adding breakfast took it to £32.50 for a family of four, which was superb value for money.We had a clean good sized family room, it even had a little bath in the bath room, child size, but overall when you consider the price was great.If you want a special offer Sunday nights tend to be cheap for understandable reasons. The Monday would have been £105 without breakfast.We were 10th floor but if you are not used to city noise once the morning traffic begins it can be quite noisy. However that goes with city hotels.The breakfast was fine for us, because we managed to only wait a couple of minutes before being seated. The staff are very friendly and helpful, even if things like knives, forks and plates may have to be requested and awaited.It's a breakfast buffet so if you have a good appetite if makes it worth the price and it is convenient and of course accompanied children eat free. If you are a croissant and coffee person then go elsewhere.When we came out of breakfast there was quite a queue.It is a Travelodge not the Ritz, but it is clean and value for money. Had I paid £105 for it.... I don't think the review would be so positive, but it is still clean and in central London.	
Feb 9 2008 	Horrible!	No where near covent garden! Very shabby from the outside and not much better inside. Looked like a large tower block. We booked cheaply, only £29 for the night but would have been gutted if we'd paid full price, £120!	
Jan 25 2008	great value for money.	Stayed for three nights at £26 per night (booked back in july 07).We loved our stay and enjoyed the Lion King at the Lyceum. All the theatres are within walking distance of the Travelodge. We had also pre-booked breakfast which included bacon,scrambled eggs, cereals, toast, fruit etc. The room was spotless and bed very comfortable. I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone. The location was so good we walked everywhere and visited all the places we wanted to with the help of a good map!	
Jan 13 2008 	A great experience!!	We booked through the Travelodge website not really knowing what to expect, having never stayed in a Travelodge before. We paid £59 for the double room, and were more than impressed! The room was spotless,lovely comfortable clean bed, and a spotless bathroom. We didn't make use of the food facilities as we found a lovely pub accross the road on Drury Lane called the White Hart (marvellous cauliflower cheese!!) apparantley an old haunt of Dick Turpin....There is also a fab little bistro/sandwich bar further down from the Lodge that sells just fab food, and a Starbucks just around the corner!! Perfect!! All in all, we had a fab stay, and wouldn't hesitate to stay again. We are going to trythe Kings Cross Royal Scott next-hope we haven't been spoilt by Covent Garden...	
Jan 11 2008 	Great value ideal location	We stayed for four nights in the High Holborn building having paid £26 per night for the room, an absolute bargain. The location is ideal for anywhere in the West End and the tube is a short walk away if you're going further afield. The room was large and spotless, the staff were friendly. We would definitely stay here again.There are reviews complaing of noise, but other than the expected city traffic which was barely audible we had no problems.	
Jan 9 2008 	Good Cheap Base	We paid £49/night for a family room for 4, which we felt was very good for somewhere within walking distance of the centre. It's the usual Travelodge fayre, which isn't a bad thing at that price, so you know exactly what you're getting. No complaints at all, and would happily come back here if I want to save money. There's a supermarket a few hundred yards away at Holborn if you're too stingey to buy the breakfast	
Jan 4 2008 	Good stay overall	I stayed over new year (31-2nd). In the Holbourn road building the new build. Overall It was very nice the only thing that was not was the cost but thats london prices for you. I would of much preferred spending 60/70 and would still expect the same standard, especially as I paid £20 extra to check in early and out late When we arrived reception we would get a nice view, from what there was to see it was quite good but there was a massive wreck of a building on the opposite side of the road obscuring 90% of the view. ( if you want a good view ask for floor 12/13 and early numbers ( 50/60's) or late numbers (80-90's) We were given a double room but it could of had another bed in, or a game of twister ( think in total enough space for 3 singles with room to spare)the room was very clean, save for the window sill outside where some one had been smoking, and this caused the whole room to smell but that was forgotten after 5 mins. the only thing missing was a kettle for the stacks of coffee and tea we were given, Drinks down stairs judging by the fact it was £1.20 for a small bottle of lemonade I guess eveything was expensive.the Tv was good but there was no channel guide If it was freeview a bunch of channels were missing, but sometimes it would just go in to poorer quality than usual.The reception staff were helpful when it came to directions. 2 downsides i can think of is that in the morning ( about 8-9 the smell of breakfast reached the 12th floor, and to be honest it did not smell the best ( we had already decided to eat out and there is a BRILLIANT greasy spoon in jubilee hall at covernt garden that does really nice bacon butties)the other was the shower - to say it was like a baby dribbling would be harsh but it really was not that powerful passable but not powerful, (add a extra 5-10 mins to rinse off hair)	
Jan 4 2008 	Good Location Good Price	After a 1 night stay at this Travelodge we felt refreshed and clean. The room we booked was a double and what we got was a VERY small double! Although it served its purpose the room did feel very cramped. The bathroom was also very small with no bath, just a shower but clean. The location of the hotel is extremely good although difficult to find for first time visitors. The price is extremely cheap for London however this was reflected in the room size. Rooms were VERY clean with sheets being changed regularly.	
Jan 1 2008 	Good Basic Hotel	All in all, a good basic hotel. typical travelodge.Paid £100 per night for a family room. Stayed in the high Holborn building. 5th Floor, room 571. Room was spacious enough for the four of us, good sized double bed and a double sofa bed for the kids.I towel per person provided, which was enough. No hair dryer or toiletries provided but we had seen this on here and prepared accordingly. We were not bother at all by noise, either in the hotel or outside, yes, the streets are busy but it did not bother us at all. We were there on the 30-31st Dec, we returned to the hotel at 1:30 AM new years day and had no trouble getting to sleep.Had breakfast both days, £7.50 per person with under 15's eating free with each adult. Breakfast OK, not outstanding. location is superb, 5 mins from C/Garden/theatreland. Very close to Shaftsbury avenue theatre. Walked everywehre whilst staying here and didn't get the tube once. If location is more important than dozens of hotel facillities then this place is definatley right for you.	
Dec 27 2007 	Value for Money	I stopped with my son at this hotel in late October 2007. It was a typical travelodge, extremely clean spacious, basic room. I thought this was ideal for the budget we were working too.The location is ideal for seeing the sites, a 5 minute walk to Covent Garden, 10 minutes to Oxford Street, Leicester Square.There is an Underground station quite near to travel further afield.Breakfast was buffet style and although we walked straight in and found a seat we did notice a queue forming around 8.30am as more guests arrived for Breakfast.Overall, i would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget and not expecting the lap of luxary.	
Dec 9 2007 	Go with low expectations and you will be fine	We stayed at this hotel for one night in December as we needed somewhere close to Covent Garden for a party we were attending.The location is ideal for the covent garden area and for £105 per night (double room - room only) I guess you can't expect much in over priced London!!The staff were helpful on checking in but the room was at best &quot;average&quot;. When we arrived the room was freezing cold and was only heated by one small electric wall heater.......which even after 6 hours on full hardly heated the room at all. The bathroom was dated and the bath stained and it really needed all ripping out and starting again. The extraction fan didn't work in the bathroom so when you took a shower it steamed up completely. The next morning there was only &quot;luke warm&quot; water left by 11am, which didn't exactly make for a refreshing shower!The room did have a LCD TV and coffee / Tea making facilities and it was nice that we didn't have to check out until 12pm on the day of departure.While you don't expect the earth with a travel lodge this hotel needs a bit of TLC and money spending on it to bring it up to an acceptable modern standard. As a one night stay its fine but we couldn't really recommend it for much longer.	
Dec 8 2007	Bad experience	Despite booking a no smoking room weeks in advance bumped into a smoking room which stank. Room very noisy. Long queue for breakfast. Food OK apart from the egg which was utterly dehydrated... second world war powdered egg experience. Staff friendly. Reasonable bar, but better to go to the nearby locals.	
Dec 6 2007 	Wedding Anniversary Break	Searched for a cheap hotel deal for weeks prior to our visit but to no avail, couldn't believe the price of hotels in London. However we booked the Travel Lodge Covent Garden as it was the most reasonable price wise (£95 per night for a double room) and seemed to be very central to most attractions. Hotel was easy to find, room was very clean and was cleaned every day. Booked breakfast online along with our booking and was well worth it.Overall was a very enjoyable weekend, hotel is ideally placed for the theatre district and if ever returning to London would definitely consider booking again.	
Nov 29 2007 	noise 24/7	If you have not booked this hotel don't bother, if you have don't make the same mistake we did.This hotel is in 2 separate buildings on either side of High Holborn. On arrival the obvious reception is on High Holborn where we naively checked in - big mistake.The High Holborn building is awful. Our room was on the 11th floor but we still heard traffic noise 24/7. To make it worse there is a night club behing the hotel and on our 2nd night all we heard was the thump of music and shouts and screams until 4am. As a consequence we slept very little during our 2 night stay.I just presume it's quieter on the Drury Lane side. The reception there isn't obvious - it's across the road from the High Holborn reception. You need to walk down Drury Lane for 50m then up some stairs and the reception is a few metres on the right.The room was spacious and comfortable but...*no toiletries are provided* no hairdryer , you have to borrow from reception on 1st come basis* only one towel per person - you have to ask if you want more* no phone in roomOne positive - it is only a 2min walk from British Museum if you are wishing to see Terracotta Warriors - a great exhibtion. They sell 500 tickets on the day at 9.15am, visits from 12.30 on. I got there just as queue was going in and got tickets for 1.10.	
Nov 19 2007 	Nice cheap hotel	Nice value hotel in a pretty good location, although a little hike to a tube station. Room was simple, but for the money it was just what we needed.	
Nov 5 2007 	Satisfactory - some minor problems	Overall a good stay. Room clean and presentable although fairly spartan - expected this for the price.Comfortable bar / lounge area, although did not take breakfast.We were located on ground floor level and there was some noise overnight and due to returning guests in the early hours.We wanted to leave our bags in the morning of our last day, as our train left late afternoon, but this facility was not available. Cannot comment on car parking as not used.However, overall a good hotel for the price.	
Nov 3 2007 	Perfect Location	We obtained this booking on line and paid about £63 including 2 breakfasts (bargain). We went to the aldwych theatre in the evening and the hotel was within a 10 minute walk of the theatre so ideal. Near to 2 tube stations Covent Garden and Holburn. The room was as standard for a travel lodge but very quite considering location. Pubs in the area were packed so drank in the hotel bar before going out and was very quite. Lots of nice restaurants in the vicinity. I would definately stay here again if going to the theatre. A*	
Nov 2 2007 	Good travelodge stay as expected	For £95 per night, we had a good, clean room with a clean bathroom and plenty of hot water, which accomodated 3 people.The hotel location is excellent and Drury lane is extremely convenient and surprisingly quiet at night. Holborn and Covent Garden tubes stations within 5 minutes walk.Staff were helpful and friendly.Optional big buffet breakfast for £7.50 (kids eat free) obviates the need for expensive attraction-based lunch in London.It's hard to think of a better value and better standard for the price in central London.	
Oct 31 2007 	perfect location if that's your biggest concern	We paid £95 for each room and they were exactly as you expect of a travelodge: big and clean. We were in the High Holborn building whichwas a relief as the one on Drury lane looks like some hideous 80s office block that is now used as a toilet! The High Holborn one is ona main road which is v noisy but also means you feel safe at all times. Our room overlooked a side street and we still got woken up bysirens throughout the night - perhaps some double glazing wouldnt go amiss (we were on the 9th floor). However if wasnt enough to have an impact on us. It was all about location for us and this was perfect -it was near to great places to eat, shop and drink (although the pubsdont stay open late and some dont even open on a sunday!). We got taxis everywhere we needed to as it was much cheaper than the tube (there was 5 of us). The hotel itself could do with a wee bit of a kick to make it better (e.g. vending machines and computers out of order the entire time we were there, room keys failing to work a lot,staff not exactly fast or chirpy and they actually got a bit confusedat one point knocking on our door to try to charge us extra - think it was a mistake as they never came back! so keep your confirmation till you leave!). However it was absolutely perfect for us and I would stay here the next time I am in london as the location is the best of anywhere i have stayed in the city before. If you are not on holiday for the hotel, stay here!oh and breakfast was £7.50 for an all you can eat (we didnt have it although it smelled fabulous - sure they pumped the smell into tthe lifts to entice you down!) but there are some great breakfast places around about (e.g Ola to the right of the hotel and a place down Drury Lane) for much cheaper!	
Oct 29 2007 	Great 'budget' London hotel	If you have stayed in a Travelodge you will know what to expect...good, clean, no frills rooms and this is exactly what we got.There are two buildings to this hotel (on either side of High Holborn).. we were in the High Holborn one.We had two rooms (for 2 adults and 4 kids). We had booked family rooms (double plus small pullout) but the receptionist advised us on arrival to take a standard room with a zed bed as the bed was better and was already made up. We did this and it was fine (kids shared the doubles). I was impressed bt the size of the rooms - huge for London. We were on the top floor (floor 13) which I would advise if possible as it is probably quieter (although there were quite a few police sirens on one night). We had views out over the city to St Pauls, Tower Bridge etc.We paid for breakfast when we booked on the web...good value as kids eat free. Quality of the food no the best but good for saving time. The cafe bar is small and we had to wait on both days (but there were six of us) but for no more then 5 mins.In terms of location...it's less than 10 mins walk to the British Museum (the hotel is on Museum road). About 10 mins to Covent Garden. Nearest tube is Holborn (10 mins walk with children and bags!) or you could use Covent Garden.Great base for London sight seeing!	
Oct 24 2007	Great Travel Lodge in Very good location	For a Travel Lodge this is a very good experience. It's in a great location for Covent Garden and the theatres. Stayed here for two nights with my daughter - part of the trip was to see Dirty Dancing at the Aldwych Theatre which is a straightforward walk down Drury Lane (about 5 mins). There are numerous cafes, restaurants etc. within easy walking distance. Hotel breakfast is pricey at £7.50 per head so we decided not to bother with that and find ourselves a small cafe instead - if you avoid Covent Garden and go down some of the smaller side streets you will get much better value. We had a room on the fourth floor and although it was a little chilly in the middle of the night the bed was extremely comfortable which is just what you want after a busy day sightseeing/shopping. There are no frills such as toiletries-only soap provided-but I prefer to use my own anyway so no problem. Hairdryers are not provided as standard so take you own or ask at reception and they will provide them on a first come, first served basis. Only one towel per person provided, but again you can ask for more. We arrived an hour before you can usually expect the room to be ready but after only a short wait of about 10 mins. the (very) helpful and pleasant young man on reception had found us a twin room. All in all a good experience and I would definately stay here again even if I wasn't going to any of the nearby theatres.	
Oct 23 2007 	Wonderfull Location	We choose this property because it offered family rooms at a good price and we had stayed previously when it was a Moat House Hotel. On arrival at the main building we were told our room was in the new building around the corner, at first we were a little concerned about this but on arriving there ( a one minute walk) our fears were dispelled.This propertry seemed almost new, we had a large room with pull out beds for the children (8 &amp; 10) although there were no frills there was everything we needed, a clean comfortable room, flat screen t.v. bathroom with bath and shower tea and coffee. The staff were all very pleasant and helpfull and were able to answer our queries such as the station to get off at for Madam Tussauds ( note of warning here, £84 for a family ticket!) we found the little bar/cafe to be fine, we only ate breakfast which had more than enough choice for anyone for the bargain price of £13.50 for the 4 of us eat as much as you like, we had a couple of drinks also in the evening and felt the prices were fair. The bar cafe also had 2 computers for people to surf or email. We found it to be excellant value and we have stayed at some very expensive hotels in London previously, we would definatly stay here again as the location is superb, 5 minutes to Covent Garden and loads of fabulous reataurants, 10 minutes to Leicester Square or the Strand so lots of theatres/ cinemas in easy reach. We paid £217 for 4 of us with breakfast for 2 nights and apparantly at weekends if you book far enough in advance you can get a room for £26 ! in Covent Garden!	
Oct 21 2007 	Good location but needs refurbished	Stayed here for 2 nights last week. Had a double room which cost £95 per night through the hotel website. Prices are cheaper, on certian dates, if you book well in advance. Although payment is taken immediately, when booking online, this can be cancelled up to 12 noon on the day of arrival at no penalty. Main resaon for staying was location and the availability of a smoking room, these have their own floor. Please note, all UK Travelodges will cease to offer smoking rooms from January 2008. Check in is from 3pm and check out is 12 noon, didn't bother with breakfast but this can be pre-ordered, at a discount, on the hotel website. If you decide to have breakfast after arriving at the hotel it is more expensive. Nearest underground is Covent Garden which is exit only until December 2008. Leicester Square underground is about a 5 minute walk. Check in was problem free and fairly quick although I did see queues later on in the day. You use your room key card to access the door to the lifts. The room was a decent size but the decor was very tired and in need of refurbishment. Some light bulbs did not work and there was only one towel, even though I specified, on the online booking form, that two people would be in the room. The double bed had two pillows and there was only one spare. No toiletries are provided but this is made clear on the website. The extractor fan in the bathroom did not work and the water was VERY hot. A bath with shower attachment is provided. There are ample electrical sockets in the room and the small flat screen TV takes a little working out. Switch it on using the small buttons along the top first. There is no channel guide but the channels are displayed on the TV. The room only had one chair and there are no drawers, although there are some shelves and hanging spaces with about six hangers. The double glazing is poor allowing noise and wind through. I did not notice any aircon and there are heaters in the room. On our way out for the evening, I asked at reception if we could have another towel and pillow. The receptionist brought these and assumed we would take them up to our room. I did not expect this from a hotel charging £95 per night. We collected these when we came back later. The hotel has a bar/cafe and their website says &quot;eat drink and be merry until well past your bedtime.&quot; The bar is not open during the day and closes at 11pm (certainly not past my bedtime!) Of course there are many places open late for meals/ drinks but I wish the hotel would advertise the bar opening times clearly on their website, instead of using a spurious statement. There are vending machines selling snacks etc, but one of these was broken and remained so during our stay. We went out the next day and on returning to the hotel room, in the afternoon, found that the key card would not open the door. I took it to reception and found that they had only validated it for one day. Again, not what I would expect for a hotel charging what they did. If I stayed there again I would book in advance and get a better rate. However, if Travelodge withdraw their smoking rooms next January, I will be looking for somewhere else who do offer smoking rooms. Overall, the hotel is in a prime location with good sized rooms but I feel it is overpriced for the services provided.	
Oct 19 2007 	Second time same good reviews!	Just give me one serious reason why Travelodge Covent Garden is no good! Great location - next to all the theatres, the Covent Garden, the shopping, the tube (Holborn - C.G. is temporarily exit only).. everything. Is it clean? Yes! Is the water hot? Yes! Do they make the beds every day? Yes! Do they change towels if you want to? Yes! Are the rooms spacious unlike all other hotels in London? Yes once again! OK, the breakfast is not included in the price. One can buy for about 7.00 GBP and eat as much as s/he wants. The reception is 24/7, neighbourhood nice. Plus, right across is the student accommodation of London School of Economics. I paid for 3 nights 140 GBP (70 GBP each), which is absolutely ridiculous for a London Hotel. It's my second time here and I am sure there will be a third one.	
Oct 18 2007 	Go with low expectations and you might get lucky	Booked at £95 but this still seemed reasonable compared with other hotels on offer. As it was a one night stay and time at the hotel would be minimal decided to go for it despite the mixed reviews.Went to the H Holborn entrance only to be told I was already booked in across the road! The receptionist seemed puzzled by this - my first incidence of finding that the staff at the Hotel were somewhat overawed at finding themselves running such a large operation!I was dreading the room in the Drury lane part but we got lucky - a room to the rear on level 7. great view and not noisy at all. Having stayed at T'lodges before I would say this was smaller than average and the decor was ultra basic. However it was clean. The room was a family room and I was expecting a sofabed - but there was a separate single which may have been a camp bed in aprevious existance.My advice is that unless you are prepared to put up with absolutely no frills and average service go for a better class of establishment.In the end the only real let down was the breakfast - the room was overrun and several dishes on the hotplate were unavailable as the few staff failed to cope. The staff were Ok, not unfriendly, but seemed to be too ready to go on the defensive - obviously used to complaints and having to apologise regularly.	
Oct 16 2007 	great position and good price but not great otherwise	When you book, you are just given the Drury Lane address so we went there first and were given a very small room in the basement with no bath and a very small window which looked into the multi storey carpark. This seemed very poor for £95 as I knew other people had paid only £26. We asked to move and were moved to a much bigger room in the Holbourn building round the corner with a large sofa, bigger bed and a bath. The room was much better but the bathroom smelt of wee and the shower curtain smelt mouldy. The main problem was the noise at night. We were on the fourth floor and there was a lot of noise all night from the room. I realise this may be a hazard of being on a main road, but it sounded like the windows were open when they weren't which I guess means they were not sealed properly. I think properly sealed double glazing would have cut out most of the noise. I imagine the Drury Lane building is probably much quieter as it is a much quieter road. The other problem we had is that when we plugged the kettle in to the socket it made a crackling noise and an awful burning smell. We thought the kettle was the problem, but when we got a new kettle (not til the next day as there were no spares), it wouldn't work in that socket either.The breakfast was fine, although the cooked food a bit lukewarm. I thought it was really bad that you couldn't pay less (£4.50 maybe) for just the cold buffet. I think they probably lose a lot of custom for breakfast from people who don't want to pay £7.50 for some cereal and toast etc. I realise they probably don't want to offer a cheaper option as then hopefully people will pay £7.50 as they have no other option, but I think many people will not be prepared to pay £7.50 if all they want is a cold breakfast.Saying all this, the location of the hotel is great - near Holborn, Covent Garden and Tottenham Court road tube stops and was about the cheapest hotel I could find 2 weeks in advance of our stay. It was definitely worth the problems for the price and the position. All I would say is if you get a bad room, ask to move - you might as well as the staff were friendly about it and we did get moved straight away.	
Oct 8 2007	dreadful	This hotel was completely awful. Once they had their money they did not care at all about customer service. We did not stay in the main hotel - had to drag our cases back down steps and along the road to their other building. The staff were really unhelpful about changing breakfast booking ( wouldn't do it) and would not give us a hairdryer for the morning ( we had an early flight). I wouldn't stay here again if they paid me ! Basic doesn't even begin to describe these rooms. Simply awful. Do yourself a favour and go elsewhere.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Location but needed ear plugs	I have just returned from a two night stay at the Travel Lodge Covent Garden where I booked a family room for myself, sister and mother. We were sent to the High Holborn part of the hotel which is the newer part. The hotel is basic but clean and the room was big enough for the 3 of us to move round easily. The location is perfect. However, that night we were kept awake by the sound of a party, people shouting swearing and loud music coming from behind the hotel. The next day we complained and were moved to the 11th floor to another family room. To be on the safe side we purchased some ear plugs as we were all feeling a little jaded after a busy day in london on top of hardly any sleep. That night was the same, the music was still going at 8.00am in the morning! Luckily we were able to put our ear plugs in and get a bit of sleep. We complained again the next day and were told that there was in fact a 24 hour club at the back of the hotel where people were queing to get in on a Sunday morning! The staff were helpful, the breakfast was great and the location fantastic but unless you are a very heavy sleeper take your ear plugs!	
Oct 8 2007 	brilliant location	this hotel is in a brilliant location. so close to Covent garden, oxford street, Kensington, Buckingham palace etc etc, we walked EVERYWHERE we went, it was great. Its still really close to the tube as well though if you need it.the room itself was REALLY basic. no hairdryer, no bath towel, only one towel provided (in a double room) no phone in the room. the bed was really uncomfortable. the room was tiny, with barely enough space to walk around the bed. The TV was good, it was a new flatscreen. the room was clean and modern. we paid 96 pounds for the room. if i had have paid less i would have been happy, but i felt for the price, the facilities in the room could have been better. ultimately though we were hardly in the room because the location of this place is so great!!!!	
Oct 3 2007 	Somewhere to Sleep.	There are 2 buildings, the old one down Drury Lane &amp; the new one on High Holborn. I stayed in the new building. I stayed here for 1 night after a work function. I had booked a twin room but as my colleague decided not to stay I asked for a double room on my arrival which they gave me, however, it was a smoking room but there were no signs or smell of smoke.When I arrived I was given my key &amp; when I went to my room someone was already in there (a good job they weren't naked!!!) so I went down &amp; changed my key. The man on reception was really nice &amp; kept apologising. The room was very odd shaped as it long and thin. You had to have very good eyesight to be able to watch TV in bed as the TV was so far away. Bathroom was OK but no soap was supplied.I slept with the windows closed but kept getting woken up by the noise of people shouting outside (I was 10 floors up)Breakfast was OK. Eggs were very dry and only had Apricot jam for the dried out croissants.	
Sep 28 2007 	Fab Location clean and comfy!	we've stayed here several times and never been disappointed. We have always been able to park, found room clean and comfy, good bathrooms, pleasent staff. You can get cheaper but not necessarily more central or any better overall.We use it as a base for exploring central london and felt secure enough to allow our 16 year old twins to stay here when we were going out of London. They also had a great time with no issues.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great location fantastic value for money	We stayed here for one night in September after seeing a show in the West End. Two main factors contribute to the fact I've rated this hotel above average; location and value for money. We booked a double room three months in advance for the bargain priceof £26. We stayed on a Sunday night (which no doubt is one of the reasons it was so cheap) and booked directly through [----].Security was good with entry to the lifts accessed by your room key. The room itself was basic, but clean. They do provide tea and coffee making facilities, and there was a flat screen TV in the room with UKchannels and radio stations. The bathroom was again clean with a shower and no bath, but for one night we weren't in there long enoughto care. There were no toiletries (other than soap) following the travelodge mantra that most guests bring their own anyway, and by leaving out these extras they can lower the prices of their rooms.They do have various vending machines for snacks/toiletries should you need them.The hotel has a reasonably priced bar that serves food. We didn't eathere but the menu was varied and again relatively cheap. Breakfast was buffet style and £7.50 each for all you can eat, with the added bonus of children eating free with a paying adult. By far the best feature of this hotel is the location. It's a 2 minute walk from Covent Garden station on the Piccadilly line, but within walking distance of the theatres, Leicester Square, Soho, China Town and much more.All in all a great hotel for those travelling on a budget. Let's face it, you're gonna need all the cash you have for drinks around this town! My advice, head to Belushi's (an Australian sports bar just off the piazza in Covent Garden within staggering distance from the hotel) where they do cheap(er) cocktails and 2 for 1 on bottles of Corona. Enjoy!	
Sep 20 2007 	Good Location	Myself and my wife only stayed one night as we were going to see a show.We found the location excellent and the hotel was basic but nice and comfy. We opted for the breakfast which was a good price. I recommend booking closer to the date as you are more likely to get a better deal.The room was modern and clean. We would have no problems staying longer and would definetely go back when next in London. Would recommend for those after a no thrills stay, those looking for more glam then look more up market.	
Sep 18 2007 	There's better value for money elsewhere	We stayed at this hotel for one night only - thank goodness. We arrived about 11:00 am and were lucky that a room was available and we were allowed into it. The room was tired looking. It had only one towel for 2 people fortunately there was a trolley outside of our room so we took another. There was no hairdryer or toiletries and funnily there was an explanation that their research showed that guests do not want these as they bring their own! - I don't, not now - I might have said this in the 1970s but not in 2007. i had paid £95 for this room and wanted something for that money.We were out for the rest of the day and when we returned to the hotel at about 5;00 there were some youngsters playing around the reception area outside. we were on teh ground floor so they were right outside our room. Let's just say they were not residents. At 6:30ish I walked across the courtyard to reception to ask for a hairdryer. I had to wait about 20 minutes for my turn as there was only one person checking people in. I asked if I could borrow a hairdryer - this is what the hotel information tells you to do. The receptionist appeared astonished and said they didn't have one. People were only allowed to have them for 2 hours and they were all out. Ok I said I would get one in the morning. I then asked about the people who were dossing on the forecourt being very loud. Again she looked astonished as if she had not heard them - she then rang for security and they were removed. Now as I said we paid £95 for this room and when asked if we wanted breakfast we were charged a further £7.50 each. So already the total was £110. Sorry travellodge but there are cheaper better value for money hotels in and around london then this - MUCH better. We've stayed in them often.Anyway it doesn't stop there. All night the emergency alarm kept going off through out the night so you didn't even get a good night sleep. The following morning at the entrance to breakfast they had put a sign up apologising for this. it explained about the health and safety of residents, but did not explain why it had kept going off. We are all aware of the importance of health and safety but that does not explain why the alarm kept going off waking their residents. Now, back to the hairdryer. the following morning i asked for a hairdryer and was again told they were all out. They had all been out since the previous evening. Now in my mind that means they were out longer than the 2 hours i was told.Breakfast was Ok but for £7.50 you could get better variety in one of the bars in the area.We asked if we could leave our luggage until our journey home but were told they had no luggage area, but we could keep our room for £10 until 2:00pm or £26 to keep the room until 5:00pm and we could keep the luggage in the room. SEo the cost was mounting up. Most good quality hotels - and not so good offer a luggage hold facility. We went up to Euston instead and put the luggage into left luggage - at least it was in teh area for our journey homeWould I stay again - No Have i stayed in travelodges before - yes but not in LondonShould travelodge review what their customers want - yes.Should they start to find out what value for money means - yes.if you have got to the bottom of this review then I suggest you don't book - go elsewhere.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great location comfy and clean	Just got back from a three night stay. As others have said before, there are two travelodges called Covent Garden. We stayed at the one on High Holborn. We arrived before the correct check-in time of 3pm (it was actually about 1.30pm). However, it was not a problem and we were allowed to check in there and then. We had a room on the 13th floor which was excellent. It was spacious with a nice big bathroom - brilliant power shower. The room was spotlessly clean. The only thing I can say against it is that the mattress was a bit soft for us, but that's personal preference. We had a fantastic view over London which was amazing at night when everywhere is lit up. Can't comment on the food or the bar area as we didn't use them.All the staff we encountered were very nice and amenable. We paid £101 for three nights - £26 for the Friday and Sunday and £49 for the Saturday. We will certainly stay here again when in London.	
Sep 17 2007	Good value basic hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night on work business, paid £115 directly through the travelodge website. As some of the other reviews have said there are 2 hotels next to each other, I stayed in the Holborn hotel on 12th floor.Room itself was clean, bed comfortable and all fine - just what you would expect from a travelodge really. If you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel in the centre of London, this is fine. But remember your hairdryer - I'd forgotten that they're not in travelodge rooms (although you can borrow one from reception). Breakfast wasn't particularly appetising, and I would advise giving it a miss.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great value for money	Just returned from a one night stay at the Travel Lodge Covent Garden and I ama pleased to say that my stay was most enjoyable. Normally I stay at the Athenaum which I might say is fantastic and you pay for it, but we went on a budget and were not disappointed for what we paid. We booked a family room back in April and paid £49, there were two of using the room so the large sofa had not been converted into another bed however all the extra bedding and 4 large fluffy white bath towles were provided.The room was fairly big and clean, with a double bed, sofa, wardrobe (or should I say, an area to hang clothes but no door) and long desk / dressing table. The bathroom was basic and most importantly clean. There was also a small tv with a number of satelite channels.We took advantage of the all you can eat breakfast for £7.50 pp which was quite good value for London. It was freshly prepared and very nice.Our room was in the newer building on High Holborn and the cafe in this building was very busy for breakfast so we took our vouchers over the road to use the Drury Lane facilities, equally as nice just quieter.As for location, it is in a great position for Covent Garden and onwards to Leicester Square etc. less than 5 mins walk to all the facilities of Covent Garden.In summary, don't expect a 4 or 5* hotel with all the facilities, porters, room service etc, but do expect a basic, clean and comfortable hotel with enough facilities to see you right for a few days. Who needs so much at the hotel when all the facilities of London are outside your door. For the price it can't be beaten, I looked for other hotel rooms before booking this but struggled to find much under £200 in the same location. Even the highest rate of £95 per night is not bad compared to other hotels in the vicinity.	
Sep 3 2007 	convenient location but very basic	Having stayed at a couple of Holiday Inn Express a week or so ago, Travelodge for the same price is a let down. We arrived late morning and were given the choice of checking in right away if we had a smoking room in the newer Holborn building. We took this room which was probably newer, clean, large but very basic compared to Hol Inn Exp. No phone, shower weak but breakfast was good for £7.50 each (children under 14 free) it was a good location and the underground car park had several spaces and at £15 was OK value for central london and convenient. Staff were very helpful. Guests in nearby room had all night party which was very inconsiderate. Staff next morning said we should have told them and they would have sent security, but there are no phones in the rooms and walking through partygoers in the corridor, down 10 flights to reception might not have been a good idea as they were drunk and would have known who the partypoopers were!! Good value for central London and convenient so might use again if couldn't find anything else.	
Aug 29 2007 	There's 2 Travelodges at Covent Garden	I booked the Covent Gdn Travelodge about 2 months before our 3 night stay.The rate I got was the &quot;rack rate&quot; of £95 a night.I've heard some good and bad things about this hotel, but decided to give it a try.Luckily I checked in at around 2pm, when I came down from my room at 4pm the single receptionist had a queue of over 15 people checking in. Each check in was quick at around 3 mins, but if you're stuck at the back of the line a 40min wait isn't a good start to your break.The 2 self-service check in kiosks in reception were both broken for the 4 days I was here, this would really grate on me if I was stood in a line for 40 minutes waiting for my room key that I had already paid for months in advance.Security is obviously an issue here as key-card access is required to the hotel lobby after 6pm and at all times to get to the lifts.The decor of the public areas is shabby and tired, not a place I would like to relax in. Doors and woodwork in corridors are bashed, chipped and broken.The room was visibly clean but felt dirty and well used, the double bed was 4ft 6 wide and the springs could be felt through the mattress.Cupboard had 6 hangers for 2 people and inside light didn't work. Bedside light was broken and had scorched the wooded headboard.The TV looked good but picture was unwatchable on a fair few channels due to a bad antennae signal.Wireless internet access was very flaky, signal strength was never above low. Curtains were tired and hard to pull closed but did keep the light out.Shower was powerful and did a great job, towels seemed well used and hard.There's no toiletries or phones in the rooms (in order to keep cost down). My partner had to make her way down to reception with wet hair to borrow a hairdryer from reception. Tip - do this on your way up to your room to avoid this happening to you!I could have booked a &quot;proper&quot; hotel for about £20-£30 a night more. Put simply I thought that saving £90 over my 3 nights would be worth it. I felt it was not. Part of your experience in London is the hotel you choose and this didn't make our trip bad, but just made it feel cheap and tacky. You can feel your spirit sapping when you walk up the litter and food strewn steps which are off the rough end of Drury Lane towards reception.Here's the crux - IF you can book this hotel for less than £50 a night then I would stay here for a night or two. If you can just get the rack rate of £95 a night then it is not worth the money.Pay a little extra and stay somewhere a heck of a lot nicer. London is very easy to get around so a Covent Garden location needn't be everything.If you HAVE to stay here, It looks like there are 2 seperate buildings - get the High Holborn side NOT the Drury Lane one.	
Aug 17 2007 	Comfortable 	We arrived at around 12pm after searching for around 10 minutes. We checked in but were redirected to the newer building just around the corner, the newer building was clean and modern.We were given two keys to our room and we were left to find it on our own. We were told the room was made for four people however we found a small sofa with a thin pull out bed and a large double, however the sofa and the pull out bed proved to be very comfortable. The room was clean and contained extras such as a t.v, a kettle, cups, teabags etc, clean towels, bedsheats, internet connection.The building was quiet during the night which guarenteed a good nights sleep.The breakfast was available from 7am to 10 am, it was very nice and there was plenty of variety.My only complaint would be the staff, as we wanted to explore london before we went home so we asked if there was anywhere that would take care of our cases, the staff on reception told us that if we wanted to leave our cases until 5 'o' clock then it would cost us £26. We left the hotel and found a Left Luggage section at Charing Cross station, we payed £6.50 per bag and we could leave them there until 11pm, the staff there were very helpful and we payed on collection. Hope I've helped p.s Sorry if it's a little hard to understand i'm only 14	
Aug 12 2007 	Excellent value	Booked a night here last week for the bargin £15 rate. I arrived at 2.15pm and was able to check in straight away. I went to the High Holborn Travelodge as it had been refurbished and was the first one I found!Very helpful receptionist I asked for a quiet room as Im a light sleeper, my booking was for a family room but he said the top floor doubles were quiet so i went for that.Good security as you use your keycard to access the door to the rooms.Lifts were quick and my room on floor 13 was very spacious and clean, comfy bed, fan, clean bath/shower room with power shower.The room had a double window with views over the city.TV had main channles plus news 24 etc...It was fairly quiet over night - heard a few doors bang but slept well.I asked for an extra towel for drying my hair with and was given one. Staff were very helpful and friendly here.Bar cafe was fine for a drink i didnt have the breakfast as im vegan. There are plenty of nice cafes around Covent garden and in Museum street selling breakfasts.Very close to Covent garden home of the great market and places to eat/drink. There is a 24 hour shop just up museum street. Also some nice pubs nearby on route to the British Museum. The museum being less than 5 mins walk away - I visited the next day and left my bag there all day for £1 to avoid Eustons £6 rate!I would stay here again - great location for the West End and Oxford street shops. The £15 rate is excellent Id pay the £26 rate too, but not the £95 walk in rate.I would say to ask for a high floor room due to the noise from the roads - hotels surrounded by main roads.	
Aug 7 2007 	Good Value!	I spent just one night there with friends and was pleasantly surprised. We stayed at the High Holburn side and found it to be en excellent location.Rooms were large and spotlessly clean. Basic but nice clean bathroom. There was a bar on site and you could also order food. The only down side was no air conditioning, but you can't have everything if you want an excellent price and location.	
Aug 6 2007	great central location	Stayed here 3rd August 2007 for one night only. Was in an excellent location, central for everything and walking distance to basically everything.Was in London to watch Grease with my husband and two children and the theatre was walking distance from the hotel.Hotel was basic but clean and I would definitely recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here myself again.	
Aug 6 2007 	Good location and base to explore from	My husband and I stayed one Saturday night recently at the Travelodge Covent Garden as we went to see We Will Rock You at the Dominion Theatre (it was approx a 5min walk away). We thought we were staying at the Travelodge Covent Garden on Drury Lane, but at check in we were directed up the road to their other base on High Holborn Street. This is still part of the Traveloge Covent Garden though - they just have two bases. This hotel is newer than the one on Drury Lane. We had no problems checking in and staff were polite. The room was fine and the usual no frills you get with Travelodge and everything was clean and tidy. There was a funny smell in the corridors (we were on floor 2) - like a mix between a cigarette smell and an unwashed person - it wasn't strong, but not exactly pleasant, but the smell didn't appear to be in the rooms thankfully. The only complaint I have was we were in a room that faced the main road and I couldn't get to sleep from all the traffic noise (cars, emergency vehicles, people on the streets). I would stay again at this hotel, but ask for a room that isn't facing the main road. We didn't eat breakfast here, but it's £7.50 per person (adult) for an all you can eat breakfast. There are tea and coffee making facilities in the room, along with a spare pillow, towels, and a bar of soap. We even had a little desk fan in there too. There was a tele, and I believe you can have internet connection as well. For heating, there is a radiator heater if you get cold.Last year we stayed at the Travelodge Covent Garden on Drury Lane for when we went to see The Producers at the Drury Lane Theatre (now where Lord of the Rings is, and it was just a 2 min walk away) and this isn't as modern as the High Holborn one, but still the same standard you get with a Travelodge. We were in a room that wasn't facing the main road but the forecourt area of the travelodge and there was no noise. The room we had was slightly bigger than the room we stayed in on High Holborn Street and still v.clean and tidy etc. We had breakfast at this one and my husband took advantage of the all you can eat breakfast and ate, cereals, yoghurt, fruit, eggs, beans, sausages etc! He sees the 'all you can eat' as a challenge! The food was fine, and average, nothing great but definitely edible. Again in the room there were tea/coffee making facilities, towels, spare pillow and a bar of soap. At the time of staying there was no desk top fan or proper radiator, but what was like a convector heater?! I was a bit cold in the room as it was early springtime and found the heater didn't warm the room very well - but this was over a year ago now and not sure if any of the facilities have been upgraded. Again staff were polite. Although there was one thing, this stay was part of our anniversary and my husband had requested flowers to be sent to the hotel, he then asked the staff if they would put the flowers in our room as part of the surprise, however they wouldn't do it as rooms are allocated on arrival but agreed that they would hand them to me at the desk upon checking in. We have recommended this hotel to many of our friends and family who've come from all over for trips to London, and everyone has been happy with it. Some have stayed at the Travelodge's near to Kings Cross and have found the Covent Garden Travelodge's to be much better in overall area, standards and location (a good base to explore from, near to some theatres, eateries etc).	
Jul 26 2007 	Great value and location...	I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in July 2007 and I have to say that I was very happy. I booked a family room as there were supposed to be 3 of us but in the end only 2 of us made the trip and there was plenty of space in the room. It was very clean and airy and while there was no airconditioning we never missed it. We were in the new building on High Holborn and the location was just fantastic. Cannot really comment on the staff as I had no dealings with them except at check-in where they were pleasant enough. We paid 49GBP per night so were got excellent value for money, however if I had paid more maybe I would not be so happy.	
Jul 20 2007	Poor Value.	We stayed at the Dury Lane Travelodge for 3 nights, and i think i must have stayed at a diffrent one to all the other people who have posted reveiws about it on here- they seemed to think it was great, we thought it was very poor value for money!The bed was the most uncomfortablest one we have ever slept in.Only one towel was given for 2 people, no hairdryer in the room, no bath mat- yuck awful having to stand on a dirty bathroom floor!This ment a trip to the reception, to receive an extra towel and use of hairdryer- no phone was in the room! It certainly was 'no frills' The walls are paper thin, and unfortunatly we had noisy neibours.The whole place needed updating.The breakfast was awful -i have never tasted scrambed egg like that before, the bacon was really poor quality, as was the rest. It never changed in variety- certainly not worth £7.50p. Try it for your first day, but dont do what we did and be presurised by the rude receptionist, into paying upfront all together for everyday of your stay, as soon as you book in.Otherwise if you dont like it you have wasted alot of money.The only advantage of the hotel is the location. Maybe the Holburn lodge would be a better option than the Dury Lane, as other people have said it is more modern.	
Jul 16 2007 	Does what it says on the tin	A standard travelodge room with everything functional and clean but the big plus is the central location of the hotel, would certainly use it again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Good economy hotel	This Travelodge is perfect if you are interested in staying in the heart of the city, but don't want to pay standard city prices. The rooms are not spectacular, the building is standard and the staff is professional and friendly. What it boils down to is a no-frills, safe, clean place to stay while in London. There is even internet access and a hotel bar in the lobby. Just fine for the budget traveler!	
Jul 1 2007 	Decent Hotel Decent Price	I rate it above average mostly for the location and price, close to great shopping and within reasonable walking distance of Picadilly Circus.The hotel itself is pretty average. It was nice to be in a &quot;real&quot; hotel with a large elevator and a decent sized room/bathroom at the end of our trip after staying in some more &quot;traditional&quot; European lodging. However, the bathroom had 1 towel and the bed must have been new under a previous queen. The English breakfast (extra charge) looked pretty bland too.But, staff was friendly and easily remedied what they could. And, for the price, I would stay here again.	
Jun 26 2007 	Basic but great value for a great location!	We paid £90 for a night at the Travelodge last Saturday. Location was really important to us as we were seeing a show at the New London Theatre which was a 2 minute walk away on Drury Lane - spot on! Within a 5 minute walk there are plenty of restaurants - we ate at Octave on Endell Street - a great jazz bar/restaurant with a £12.95 2 course pre-theatre menu.The hotel itself was pretty basic - no hairdryers, no biscuits, no additional furniture except a chair for the dresser, no toiletries but as this was just a one nighter it was perfectly adequate for us. Room and bathroom were spotlessly clean and despite being on a busy road, noise was not a problem. This was probably helped by us being on the 10th floor tho! Great view of the BT Tower!It was pretty humid on Saturday despite the rain so after showering and getting ready to go out for the evening it was pretty hot in the room - no air-con and you cannot open the windows for safety reasons - fair enough.On the ground floor there is a bar which was pretty busy when we got back after the show about 11pm. We stayed for one drink and headed upstairs for some zzzzzz's.The bed was pretty comfortable, sheets and towels were nice and clean and in very good condition. Check in/out was fast and efficient.Absolutely no complaints and would definitely stay here again! Brilliant for Covent Garden and the theatres.	
Jun 19 2007 	No Complaints	Stayed at the Holborn site (across the road from the drury lane site - the holborn site is bigger and more modern). The room was large with everything you could need - all very clean and for £49 there was nothing you could complain about - absolutely perfect for a room for a night in the centre of london. (and I am as fussy as they come). Would definitely stay again...	
Jun 13 2007 	Distinctly average	Stayed at the Drury Lane Travelodge on a business trip at the premium rate of £110 a night! Although the room was clean it was a hassle to find a large towel and the hairdriers had to be signed out at reception for a maximum of two hours at a time (which required a trip downstarirs with wet hair).The food in the bar was awful and the breakfast buffet was tepid. Staff were friendly and helpful but this trip did not make me think I was getting any value for money.On a warm May night the air conditioning was noisy and ineffective, as was the fan in the bathroom. For this amount of money I would have expected a better standard of accommodation and service which you could easily have got elsewhere in London.	
May 12 2007 	Great value	We had a £26 family room and the rating is based on the great value that provided. We were on the first floor of the High Holborn building and, apart from the dreary view, it was fine. There was something wrong with the key entry system which meant that staff had to show people to their rooms, so that might have caused a few delays (though we didn't have a problem). As most people mention, this is in a great location. And we had a great breakfast in Diana's Diner (Endell St I think - or somewhere near the Covent Garden end of Short's Gardens)We went on a Sunday and stayed over to a Bank Holiday, so no congestion charge, and we got a car parking place at the hotel for £15.	
May 4 2007 	Great location	We stayed at this hotel on 2nd and 3rd May 2007 and the party consisted of myself, my mother, my sister and her friend - we were celebrating a birthday and had tickets for Dirty Dancing at the Aldwych Theatre. This hotel is labelled as Covent Garden but it is not located exactly IN Covent Garden. It's just literally a 4 minute walk round the corner in Drury Lane, which runs paralell to Covent Garden. The entrance area in previous reviews has been described as drab, grey and miserable.But I have to point out that this Central London hotel shares it's steps with office buildings for BT (a reputable company) and various advertising agencies. There are about 10 grey-stone steps from the street up to the main entrance but this is in no way depressing or drab - it's just the entrance!The reception staff were mainly foreign, excellent English and polite. We were on floor 4 and our room was clean with two single beds, a brand new bathroom. There was no dirt to be found in the spotless white bathroom or new-slate flooring. The bedroom consisted of two beds, a wardrobe with shelves, a desk with a television and remote, tea and coffee making facilities, a desk with a reading lamp and a large window with a blackout curtain. Our view looked over the entrance and shops on the street below. (See pictures)The good points were it's central location to Covent Garden and Holborn and Covent Garden tube-stations, clean hotel, excellent power-shower, and it's a chain hotel with standards and a secure feel. AND central room controlled air-conditioned for heat or cool air - excellent!The only bad points were that there was no hairdryer in the room (these can be borrowed from reception though for a 2-hour period if you leave a valid credit card as security), and the duvet was a little on the thin side. A great base for exploring London, withing walking distance of the Aldwych and Lyceum Theatres (and most of Theatreland), Covent Garden and Leicester Square. I will definitely visit again should I need to go to London.	
May 3 2007 	Great Location	Stayed at Travelodge Covent Garden 27th to 30th April 2007. Check in a little slow but I think that was because a coach party was being booked in. Friendly, helpful staff. Room &amp; bathroom clean and was cleaned every day. Very quiet at night so no problem sleeping. Excellent location. Only minutes from Covent Garden. All in all a really good basic hotel. Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 29 2007 	good position	For readers not familiar with Travelodge, they are a chain of no-frills hotels throughout the UK. This one is of a higher standard than my previous experience. The room was fairly large, the fittings of good quality, the bed comfortable, and there was even a bath. As noted in other posts, the hotel is on two separate sites, we were in the High Holburn site, cannot comment on the site with entrance in Drury Lane.I got a bargain price (on a Friday night) of £26 by booking on the Travelodge web site well in advance. Standard price is £95, which seems a lot without breakfast, but is probably the going rate for Central London.The location is excellent for vistors to Central London, most of the sights and treatres within walking distance.A downside was that there is no left luggage facility, you have to take it with you when you check out. Thre was also a certain amount of noise as we were on the 2nd floor facing High Holbourne, higher floors are probably quieter. Warning - Travelodge have a reputation for overbooking (their web site admits that they do this).	
Apr 26 2007 	A great base	We stayed at the travel lodge covent garden for the marathon weekend.Booked 5 months in advance as knew hotels would get busy. We were a little dissapointed that the hotel bumped up their price for this weekend and we paid £105 a night for our room. Were gutted to find out that on some weekends this hotel is only £26 a night! Such a shame they feel the need to over inflate their prices on a weekend that is about people trying to raise money for charity. Still im sure that this was the case with all other hotels in London.Stayed in a family room and found it to be large,airy and spotlessly clean. Fantastic shower, comfortable kingsize bed and nice clean linen/towels etc. Stayed at the high holburn side and did find our room slightly noisy with music coming from somewhere in the street for most of the night..but our freinds who were in a room opposite us said their room was quiet.. so its pot luck which room you get really.Check in was not good as only one poor member of staff trying to do it all by himself. He remained unflustered calm and charming to all customers though so didnt make it so bad. My husband had the buffet breakfast on one day as he was running in the marathon. wouldnt particularly recommend this as very basic and an apple that he had was rotten in the middle.This hotel is in a great location only 5 min walk to covent garden and just yards from the holburn station. Overall i would recommend this hotel if looking for a basic but clean and comfortable place for a weekend in london.	
Apr 15 2007 	great value	We stayed here on Christmas Day for a little treat , and considering the £15 price tag, (in the sale) it was a very nice treat! The location was perfect for any tourists wishing to shop in covent garden or on oxford street, or take in some theatre.The room was huge for a travelodge, with standard travelodge budget furnishings and more than terrestrial TV channels. The bathroom came with nice towels, a bath with shower and complimentary soap. We stayed on the 10th floor-ish, so had a lovely high view. Great stay.	
Apr 14 2007 	Great hotel!!	Stayed at the travelodge for 2 nights last week and was very pleased with my choice!Just a five minute walk from Holborn tube stop the hotel is really central, we were able to use the central line for most of our journeys....We went to see dirty dancing at the aldwych theatre so hotel was really central, just a walk down drury lane and we were there! same going home again!We also saw the sound of music which was only 2 tube stops away.Plenty of cheap cafes around the hotel for breakfast etc.We had a family room for 3 of us which was massive, bright and airy, with a spare fan in the room just in case it got too warm. we had adequate room, towels changed daily and everything was spotless... no complaints at all.Staff at reception were helpful, we were able to check in early which was a bonus, only complaint was the bar closed pretty early at night. Hotel is very secure, you need to use your room key to get to the lifts etc which means only hotel guests can get through. Our Room was on 6th floor so we didnt have much noise!	
Apr 13 2007 	Gross!	I booked this hotel because of its location and was not disappointed by that but thats all that was impressive. On arriving at the steps to the property it looked like a concrete jungle: dark, depressing and and unwelcoming. The smiles on my children's faces instantly faded. The booking process was quick and efficient and we were allocated room UG4.UG we were to discover referred to underground level and we went down stairs to a dark, depressing corridor and found our room. On entering, it grew even darker and more dingy. The room initially smelt musty but after a while I realised that the smell was coming from the corner of the room and smelt distincly like urine. The chair in the room was smeared with a white residue and the net curtains were filthy. I returned to reception and asked for another room, which I got from an uninterested, unapologetic receptionist. The room was similar in that the net curtains were filthy, there was food stuck to the walls and white stains on the bed settee. The only advantage over the other was that it did not smell of urine! We stayed out very late to avoid spending any time in the room, were woken in the night by a fight going on in a residential block outside our room and left very early. Definatley not the 'clean, comfortable place to get a good nights sleep' as advertised by Travel Lodge.	
Apr 12 2007 	Really Nice	A 5 minute walk from Holborn Tube Station. Friendly and helpful staff. Negative - My room didn't have a telephone.A bargain hotel for £26 per night and would definetly stay again.For the best deal book online at www.travellodge.co.uk	
Mar 17 2007 	Great Location	Our rooms were clean and comfortable. The location was great, easily accessible by the Tube and lots of excellent and affordable restaurant choices within a very short walking distance. I felt very safe walking this neighborhood at night..which is definitely not true for all London locations.	
Mar 14 2007 	A Pleasant Surprise	The location of this hotel is great. It's only a short walk from Holborn tube, which even carrying bags is no great hardship.As has been pointed out in earlier reviews, the hotel is two separate buildings. I stayed in the Drury Lane site &amp; I suspect it may be the quieter of the two.I booked a Travelodge super-saver (£26 per night) which for such a central location is an absolute steal. The rooms are typical Travelodge-basic but beautifully clean. The bar is pleasant &amp; the £7.50 buffet breakfast was very good value. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. All in all, a good choice &amp; not just because of the price.	
Mar 4 2007 	pleasently suprised	I stayed at the travel lodge in drury lane and was pleasently suprised, my friend said it would be ok but i was very sceptical as we only paid £89 for two nights. It was spottless clean and very comfy and all the staff were very helpful. I have even recommended it to my parents!!	
Feb 25 2007 	Perfect	We stayed at Travelodge Covent Garden for 3 nights, with a disabled person. The staff were a great help. Very nice and accomodating. Room basic, but clean and roomy. Location was perfect. We were able to walk to Piccadilly Circus with ease, even pushing a wheelchair. Tube pretty close. Will stay there again in the future.	
Feb 24 2007	Cheap And Cheerful	We stayed in Covent Garden for two nights on a shopping break more focused around the Oxford Street side of things! On arrival we found that there were two seperate Covent Garden Travel Lodges, one being older than the other. We were staying in the older one, and for the price of the rooms we were quite pleased when we found the hotel in a quite good condtion. All in all a great place to return to after a tiring day seeing the sights, and we found the staff very helpful also. Have to say that I was very disappointed with the cooked breakfast- very poor quality for £7.50! Would definately book again for future London breaks!	
Feb 24 2007 	good location	amazing location if your after any of the theatres on dury lane (blueman group, woman in black etc)ok for what you getvery basic rooms and noisy, but hey its londonwould stay here again if the price was right (80 quid or under)	
Feb 21 2007 	Great value for the $	While we were a bit bothered by the fact that there was no phone or alarm clock in the room, the people at the front desk were nice enough to come up to our room at 7am to wake us when we needed to get up. They were very accomodating and went out of their way to help us with anything we needed. The location is perfect for site seeing, and while the hotel is bare bones, that's how they keep the cost down. It was nice having a bar right in the hotel so we could unwind over a pint after site seeing but before going out for dinner. Skip the breakfast unless you're desperate, because there are tons of great places to eat around there, and I thought that 7.50 (pounds) was a bit much to pay for what you got. The beds were comfortable, the entire hotel was very clean, and the staff was very nice. I would definitely recommend and definitely stay here again next time we're in London.	
Feb 18 2007 	Great location for theatre and shopping!!	I stayed at the High Holborn building with my two friends for one night. We had a family room which was spacious and very clean. There are no frills however, so dont forget your shower gel and shampoo but tea and coffee facilities are provided. We got the tube to Holborn and the hotel is a mere 5 mins walk and easy to find. There are two buildings - one on Drury Lane and the one we stayed in on High Holborn which appears to be the newly refurbished site. A further 5 mins walk takes you into the heart of Covent Garden which was ideal, and then later, a 5 minute walk in the other direction from the hotel took us straight to the Aldwych Theatre for our show. All in all, a great location for a short stay in the capital if you want shows and shopping! Oxford St is only a short tube ride away and if you are short on time, this location is surely hard to beat for the price.Would recommend to friends and would stay there again for sure.	
Feb 13 2007	very good hotel and would recomend	We had two nights at this hotel at £15 a room per night even if we had paid the full amount of £89 wouldnt have been to much. It was very clean and highly recomended.	
Feb 13 2007	Great LOcation - Great Price - Just Great !!!!!!!	Have just returned from 3 nights in London staying at the Travelodge Covent Garden. Was not expecting much seeing as it is a Travelodge after all said and done - but was very surprised with the excellent clean room, newly refurbished bathroom and very helpful and freindly staff on reception and in the Cafe Bar. Dont know whether you all know this, but the Travelodge is situated on 2 sites - one is in Drury LAne and the other is across the road on the corner of Museum Road and High Holborn - they are both classed as Travelodge Covent Garden - so you can check in at either reception.We checked in at and stayed at the newer one on the corner of Museum Street &amp; High Holborn - this only opened in 2006 hence the very good standard of bedrooms/bathrooms. This would be my recommendation.Both sites have the Cafe Bar which serves breakfast and a limited food menu - on the Sunday morning we chose to have (all you can eat) breakfast for £7.50 (bargain) - there were no free tables available at the time (quite normal for any hotel in england at 10.00am on a Sunday morning!) - but with no problem at all they suggested we wnet over the road to the other site who currently had no queue - the member of staff even took us across the road right up to the entrance - very impressed.One little trick you might like to try on the Travelodge website - I had originally booked a 3 night stay and the cost was only £89 per night. HOWEVER - if you try booking 1 night at a time and adding the nights into your shopping basket you will get offered any cheaper rates that might only be available for the 1 night. We did this and got the Friday night for only £49 instead of the £89. Only drawback is that you have to go to the manned reception each morning and check out and check in - NO YOU DONT HAVE TO MOVE ROOMS OR PACK UP EITHER11!All in all this hotel is in a fantastic location - a few mins walk from 2 Tube statsions Holborn on the Central Line or a few mins from Tottenham Court Road on the PIccadily Line. We enjoyed our stay and location so much that we will most definately stay again and not spend hours trawling the internet for cheap hotel rooms in London.Yes, a Travelodge will not appeal to all, or those looking for the luxury touches - but for a base and a bed for the night what more could you ask for.	
Jan 29 2007	Brilliant find	Brilliant find. Only a couple of minutes from Covent Garden and if you book far enough in advance you can get a family room for under £30. Great for a night out in London. Good location, safe and secure, clean.	
Jan 17 2007 	Excellent..spot on!	Went here for a couple of nights in December. Booked in advance so only paid £26. We were in a family room in the High Holborn section. Room was spotless. Looked like it had just been refurbished. Staff very helpful. 5 mins walk to Holborn Tube. Just across the road was a great pub called the White Hart. And the pubs and restaurants of Covent Garden were 10 mins away. Felt totally safe in this area and would recommend anyone to go here. What a great weekend too.	
Jan 17 2007 	Excellent value for money!	There are two Travelodge Hotels in Covent Garden. We were lucky to stay in the new one (I think it first opened in June 2006).We booked the room through the hotel's website for just 26GBP per night!!  Our room was big, clean with a double bed. There is a kettle in the room and every day the cleaner leaves you complimentary tea and coffee. The bathroom had a bathtub and was spotlessly clean.A small advise to women guest though, as the shower head is fixed to the wall, don’t forget to bring a shower cap.... The tv channels are the free local ones. There is no telephone or hair dryer in the room but if you need one ask in the reception. They will be more than happy to lend you one for free.  The location is simply excellent!!! The hotel is just a short walk away to almost everything. 5 mins walk from the British Museum, 10 minutes walk from Covent Garden, 10 minutes away from Piccadilly Circus and the West End etc etc etc We were in London on Christmas day, and although the is no public transportation on that day we had absolutely no problem... The hotel is a 5 minutes walk to the tube (Holborn) and there is a supermarket very close by. This is an excellent value, no frills, perfectly situated hotel that O would definitely recommend to everyone on a tight budget...	
Jan 9 2007 	Very good value	We stayed in the old Trusthouse Forte office block on High Holborn. We went originally to the Drury Lane part to check in as per the website. it cost £89 for a family room per night.At 11.30 we managed to check into our very spacious family room with a pullout bed and a double bed.The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean.Beds and bedding were fine.There are no phones clocks irons or hairdryers in the rooms but we borrowed an iron from reception very easily.The location was excellent.Yes the facilities are basic but we found th staff helpful and this hotel offers excellent value for money.	
Jan 9 2007 	Average Hotel	This hotel is really bog standard.I suppose its great if you are in London only for a very short while.The rooms are really standard, and dont include hairdryers, irons etc, but you can get these from the reception no problem. Rooms are very dated, and could do with modernising.Its a great location, close by to everything.The staff are very welcoming and friendly too.	
Jan 7 2007 	Very basic but clean	Stayed here for a weekend break and found almost everything as I expected from a Travelodge. The room was big and clean, but it was very basic and dated looking. The bathroom was in need of major updating as the tiles were cracked and it looked tired and the shower was rubbish! Overall, it was an OK stay as the location was good and the room was quiet and clean but if you want something more than a base for seeing the sights or for the west end then you won't find it here.	
Jan 7 2007 	Good cleam central Hotel!	Ok, to start with we managed to get the £26 deal. Looking at their website for this year it seems these are harder to get, Sundays only I think. Even if the full rate of £89 was paid this is still good value for central London. The room was huge, clean and comfortable. The only down side was that there was a lot of noise outside the room during the night and the windows did very little to keep out the noise. The breakfast was £6.50, you have to buy a voucher at reception for this. The food was OK and it really was eat as much as you like which I think is great value. I guess if you had to pay full price you could stay at a Hilton for £30 more and this comes with room service etc, but at this price... what more could you ask for. The location was great, just off the main drag with some very nice restaurants just down the road, great for theater district as well.	
Jan 5 2007 	Very disappointing	I have stayed in this lodge a number of times because of its location and price but I am always disappointed that there are no other good reasons to stay here. On our last visit, my wife and I were diected outside the main hotel in less than clement weather, across an inner courtyard to an annexe. We were not advised by the less than charming reception staff that the lift was not working and we carried our cases up a flight of stairs to a cold room which had only one towell and one extra pillow. It is not possible to phone reception from the room so I had to retrace my steps to reception where I received a grudging apology and towell and pillowcase were subsequently delivered.I found it quite annoying that there there is a note in the room explaining why the facilities in the hotel are so sparse. Apparently it is for our benefit to keep the cost as low as possible but I suspect it is more for the convenience of management and staff.One annoying deficiency is the lack of a luggage room which means that if you arrive early or want to stay in the area after checking out time, you need to carry your luggage with you or find storage elsewhere. Another problem is the breakfast which is cooked then stewed in heated containers - and what excuse can there be for serving canned mushrooms when fresh are so readily available?My advice would be to go across the river to the Travel Inn in County Hall which has a much more professional approach (athough the mushrooms are still canned!).	
Jan 2 2007 	Fantastic !	After a problem with the original hotel we booked, we were surprised to find a vacancy at the Travelodge Covent Garden the night before we were to go to London. We were staying two nights (30th and 31st December). We could only book a smoking room, but on arrival at 10.30am we asked and were allocated a non-smoking room without a problem.There were two entrances..one on High Holborn, the other accross the road on Drury Lane. We were in the high holborn part, so can't comment on the drury lane hotel.We were surprised at the size of our room on the 9th floor. There was room for at least another double bed ! (see photos)We had a view over the City, the NatWest Tower, the Swiss Re Gherkin and the Monument.The room and the bathroom were clean. The location was fantastic also.Overall, i would highly recommend the Travelodge Covent Garden.	
Dec 31 2006	Where else in London?	I stayed at the Covent Garden Travelodge for 3 nights in October. I was lucky to be able to pre-book the 26 pound deal on-line. I had searched extensively for cheap London accommodation elsewhere (in Victoria, Bayswater, Earls Court etc) and could only find shared bathrooms for this meagre price. My 23 hour flight from Australia was very early and I arrived, exhausted, at the hotel at 9.00am. Although check-in wasn't supposed to be until 3.00pm, the kindly receptionist took pity, offered me a comfortable sofa and a cup of coffee and told me that even though the hotel had been booked out the previous night, they would provide me with a room as soon as one was ready. I was in my freshly cleaned room by 10.00am, had a short nap and a shower and was revitalized to meet my daughter and friends at a restaurant in covent Garden by 1.30pm! I am delighted to recommend this hotel. Where else in London could you find such a bargain?	
Dec 27 2006 	BASIC BUT GREAT	I booked this hotel some months ago as a pre christmas treat for my family, after reading reviews on the website I was a little worried.We stayed for 2 nights in a family room, the room was clean spacious and comfortable, yes it is basic but for £52 for 2 nights for a family of four I certainly wasnt complaining, the staff were helpful and location was fantastic and I would definately come back again.	
Dec 18 2006 	Mixed Feelings about this place	I wasn't that impressed with this hotel. Here's what I liked: it was clean, quiet and had a good, hearty breakfast available. I didn't like: the mixed attitudes of the staff members, the fact that there was no alarm clock! and that it was very chilly in my room, despite the fact that a had the heater up high. My first night I requested an extra blanket, and the receptionist thouroughly questioned me why I would need an extra one, and gave me an attitude when I asked for a wake up call (there are no phones in the rooms, so someone has to physically knock on your door). I came all the way over from Chicago for an opera audition, and it was very important for me to wake up in time. The location was awesome! I would not stay here again.	
Dec 5 2006 	Good value	This is the second time we have stayed in this hotel and we have done so because of its location and price (£26 per room per night). The first time we stayed in Nov 05 we were in the older part on Drury Lane, The room was clean, tidy and functional and any inadequacys were overlooked because it is so darn cheap for Covent Garden. I do know what people mean when they say that dodgy people hang about outside - I dont like that, but once inside there is a card access to the building and it does feel seccure.The second time we stayed was Dec 06 and we were in the new building on High Holburn and this has been completely refurbished this year. Essentialy the room was the same as the other building but newer....and to be honest just like every Travelodge I have ever stayed at. We had to ask to be changed to a new room the evening of arrival because there was a school party on our floor occupying nearly every room except ours - you can only imagine!!! The second room was on floor twelve and gave us good views over london - this one was peacefull.If you want a value room in a location near Covent Garden you will most likey be pleased.If you are interested in the British Museum it is only 5 mins walk down Museum Street and good shopping,food and bars are 5 mins in the other direction - perfect.	
Dec 5 2006 	Nothing wrong with this Travelodge	After reading some of the reviews I was desperate to make a last-minute change. Just as well I couldn't get anything else. there was nothing wrong with this Travelldge!I didn't have the good fortune to get this for £26 per night, but after paying £356 for a four-night stay in Central London - for two of us - we'll definitely return.Absoloutely no complaints with the cleanliness and comfort; staff friendly and unobtrusive; and no hassle at all getting in and out.A very short walk to the top of Neal Street and a stroll down to Seven Dials and across to Shaftbury Avenue or down to Covent Garden, the location was excellent. Also, equidistant between Holburn tube station and Tottenham Court Road, Holburn is served by several underground lines so everywhere's easily accessible.Like I said, after reading several of the previous reviews, this was one helluva pleasant surprise.	
Nov 29 2006 	All you could want!!	I felt like i had to write a review here, as i'd read so many bad ones of this hotel recently that it left me dreading my trip ! In reality the hotel is a pleasant surprise. Myself and my friend were in no way disappointed and would definately recommend it. I found it to be clean and modern, nice and simple, basically just like any other travelodge i have stayed in before. Our room was big and bright, had comfy beds, a dressing table with large mirror, bedside lamps, sockets, television, tea making facilities, a modern bathroom and a window which opened, which is always good! I got the impression the staff would have gone out of their way to help, even delivering an extra pillow up to my room late at night. Each day the rooms were cleaned and fresh towels replaced. And for £6.50 each morning you can eat as much breakfast as you are physically able to! I don't know what more you could want from a hotel slap bang in the middle of london- especially if you were lucky enough to get it for £26/ nite like i did. Perhaps the ppl who have left bad reviews were expecting a 5star, but anyone who knows how great travelodges can be should not be put off.	
Nov 17 2006	The Ryanair of Hotels	Stayed in the recently finished hotel, and amazed at how basic it was.Uncomfortable bedNo soap in roomone towel for two people.a single chair that looked and felt as if it were £9.95p from Ikea.Generally a low specification building finishHowever good staff, good lifts, and very clean.Norman West	
Oct 31 2006 	Best value in London	After spending years visiting London and staying in expensive hotels, some of which were dirty, with staff that were rude, and security non-existent, I can say we have finally found the perfect place! We paid £26 per night for the room (Sunday and Monday) and had a large, clean, modern family room with comfortable double for ourselves and pull-out sofa bed for our son. The staff were polite and helpful, even though we arrived at 1pm (2 hours before check-in time) and we were able to access our room immediately. The room had tea and coffee-making facilities, but no phone or toiletries, but who needs them? We always take our own anyway. However - take note! No hairdryer! Breakfast was £6.50 per adult and you buy vouchers for it at reception. Kids under 10 eat free - our son was 12 but they let him eat free anyway! There was a good choice of hot food, juice, yogurts, cereals etc. As you never incur a running bill (everything is 'pay as you go'), you don't even have to formally check out. The security was excellent. The main door is locked at 11pm and cannot be opened without a room key. Access to the rooms is also through a door which can only be opened with a room key. Much better than some more expensive hotels I've been in, where any Tom Dick or Harry can just wander up to the rooms!Covent Garden and theatreland were within a short walk. OK, it's not luxury, but we'll definitely be staying here again! Guaranteed!	
Oct 30 2006 	Nice base to explore from	We recently stayed at the Covent Garden Travelodge for a long weekend. It was very close to Holburn tube station which gave us great transport to all of the most popular sights.I booked it well in advance and managed to get 2 nights at twenty six pound per night!The hotel rooms were very clean and tidy and the staff were all friendly. I wouldn't recommend the breakfast though. You will get a much cheaper and tastier breakfast at one of the nearby cafes. We were very well placed for a variety of places to eat and never had to walk far. I highly recommend Cafe Pasta, a small Italian restaurant on Shaftsbury Avenue. We had a superb 3 course meal there and it was very reasonably priced.All in all a very enjoyable weekend and I would say that a lot of that was down to the excellent location of the Travelodge.Hope this helps.	
Oct 22 2006 	Modernbasic clean 	Stayed here one night, the room was large for London hotels, modern &amp; clean but basic with internet connection if required.(dont forget your own toiletries though) For £19.50 including full english breakfast per person what could I possibly expect. Reception staff were very efficient and friendly.Look out for bargain room prices on their own website. If you have children under 10 they eat and stay for free (sharing your room) and the hotel is a short walk to Holborn underground, the British Museum and plenty of places to eat. If you are on a budget and just want an above average place to stay with easy access to all the London sites then this is for you.I also stayed at a four star bargain £59 but they wanted £13 for breakfast and £5.99 per hour for TV films and internet.	
Oct 14 2006	Better than I expected!!	I stayed here for 5 nights at the beginning of October and was pleasantly surprised. When I arrived there had been a mix-up with my booking which would have meant having to change rooms after 2 nights. The receptionist kindly changed my room to 707. When I reached my room it became clear that it was the 'penthouse suite', on the top floor with a stunning view across central London. I had a panoramic view that swept from St Pauls, across Westminster and across the West End. Simply stunning, and worth hundreds of pounds per night. The room itself was large, with standard Travelodge decor. I had no problems with the room at all. One thing that annoyed me was the habit of the staff coming to clean your room at 8.30 am. This happened to me on two occassions. This was just a little too early in my opinion to come to clean the rooms. I did not eat in the hotel, therefore I am unable to rate the food on offer.As for the surrounding area there is no doubt that the hotel is in the more downmarket part of Covent Garden. The location is excellent for shopping, the theatre and other attractions. I concur with other reviewers about the 'dodgy' people that hang about around the hotel. I returned one night at about midnight and there were quite a crowd of young people gathered at the steps infront of the hotel. During the day the area infront of the hotel is occupied by smokers from a nearby office block. As regards coming back to the hotel at night I would recommend getting a tube to Holborn and then walking along High Holborn to the hotel. High Holborn is well lit and there are numerous bars about and it is safe. One night I took the tube to Tottenham Court Road and went the short cut along St Giles High St. I was stopped by a rather nasty beggar whom I gave a pound to but this was still not enough for him. In the end I simply walked away from him but I didn't feel very safe coming this way back to the hotel. Also, coming through Long Acre and Drury Lane itself I noticed many beggars about.In summary, I was pleased with the room itself and the facilities in the hotel. But the surrounding area left a lot to be desired and I will have to think a lot before I decide to stay here again. Which is a pity when you consider I paid only £26 per night for a room in the heart of the West End.	
Oct 7 2006 	Not very good	Very poor service...forgot to deliver room breakfast bags (even though we specifically reminded them). Room/door keys failed to work after 1st day. Had a very arrogant reception chap who didn't want to resolve this until we pressed him. Room was dirty, grotty and very dark (even on a bright day) as it had a tiny window over rear carpark (room 109). Heating/Air Con had no instructions and didn't work properly.Refused to look after our bags whilst we awaited train journey for only a couple of hours!Would I stay here again......not if it was the last hotel on earth.	
Sep 28 2006	Great location	Cant say much other than standard travelodge fare.Great location especially if you get it on a special deal. not worth full rate though.	
Sep 18 2006 	Good value if get cheap rate	We stayed here last weekend and for the price we paid were very happy. We managed to get the £26 rate.We stayed in the new part which was very clean, we had a family room which was spacious. We were however on the second floor which means that as there is no air con if it gets hot you have to open the windows. We had the windows open on the first night and it was very noisy with all the traffic. We kept the window closed on the other two nigths and it was absolutely fine. I therefore probably would not recommend this hotel in the summer unless you get a room on a very high floor.The lcoation is fantastic, near shaftsbury avenue, covent garden and tottenham court road.I would certainly stay here again if I was able to get the cheap rate and a room on a higher floor.	
Sep 11 2006 	Depends what you are looking for	I almost cancelled my booking on reading previous bad posts for the Covent Garden TravelLodge especially as I was there a week but am glad I didn't.I arrived three hours early and was given a room immediately and yes I would agree the hotel could do with a re furb but it was clean and the staff were extremely helpful without being obtrusive.The hotel is extremely handy for tube and theatre going. I felt as safe there as at any other London hotel I have stayed at despite staying there alone and returning late more than once.Avoid the breakfast there are plenty of cheaper and more appetising places to eat nearby, and if you are not going to be in the hotel long and want a safe base and comfy bed this is ideal.	
Sep 11 2006	Great value	Very good accommodation, particularly if you get it at a special rate like we did (£26/night! for a twin room). The new annexe is more no frills (no pictures on the wall for example). Staff very friendly and helpful. One real drawback with Travelodge, is their policy of not storing luggage for you. We had to pay £7 each at Victoria Station to store it for 4 hours - make sure you bear this in mind if you hanging around in London after checking out.	
Sep 5 2006 	Good location not so good hotel	Good points:-Very handy for Covent Garden &amp; the theatresBad points:-Very long queues to check-in-If you don't smoke and get a smoking room, the smell is terrible-No aircon, despite the temperature control leading you to believe there is aircon. -Rooms can get very hot, windows cannot be opened very far-Rooms are quite shabby-There can be quite a few odd characters hanging round outside if you come back late at night	
Aug 21 2006 	great value for money and excellent	my husband and i stayed here on 17/8/06. After reading some of the reviews i had my doubts but we were most impressed. I paid £26 booked online. Our room was huge and had everything you could want except a hairdryer. It was very clean and comfortable. We had no noise disturbances and all in all had a very good stay also the staff were very helpful. Would use this travelodge again.	
Aug 20 2006 	Good value on special offer	Booked 2 nights for £26 per night on Travelodge website. You have to book well in advance to get this price. There are 2 hotels, we stayed in the new one on High Holborn. Room was very clean, good bathroom, colour TV (5 terrestrial channels only), good double bed, adequate roll out bed for teenage son, plenty of linen &amp; towels, tea &amp; coffee making facility. Lack of air conditioning would be an issue in hot weather.Staff were friendly and efficient on arrival and offered help if needed although none was.Location is excellent - a few minutes walk from Covent Garden, British Museum &amp; theatre district. If you're looking for value, eat at Wetherspoons Pub (The Penderel's Oak on High Holborn is very good).Summary - excellent value for money if you can get a deal. I would want more facilities if paying full price of £89 per ninght.	
Aug 15 2006	Enjoyed our budget stay	Stayed here for two nights last week. Booked via the Travelodge website and got a family room for £26 per night. This travelodge is apparently the newer one in the area, the other being on Drury Lane. However, despite its newness it lacked air conditioning, something you would have thought would be a standard facility, we also had one wheel missing off the roll out camp bed, making it a lop-sided sleep for our 7 year old son. I would stay here again at the cheap rate, but would be reluctant to pay the going rate of £89 a night as I am sure you could find better for the same money. Breakfast is also extra at £6.50 per adult, although kids do eat for free.Location is very good, only a ten minute walk from Holborn Tube Station. Covent Garden is about a 15 min walk away, British Museum about 10 mins. All in all, nothing special, but if you can book at the bargain £26 rate you may get a cheap weekend in London!	
Aug 9 2006 	Great location- fantastic value	Just come home from a 3 night stay at Covent garden travelodge. We booked two rooms at £26 per night per room- bargain!! Fantastic location just a five minute walk from the tube. The room my husband and I had was on the 8th floor and was massive. The room was obviously newly decorated and very clean. The staff very friendly. All in all a very enjoyable stay and excellent value.	
Jul 29 2006 	Basic but brilliant	My partner and I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Travel lodge Covent Garden. And I can safely say it was lovely. We only paid £26.00 per night and compared to the prices we usually pay we were a little apprehensive. Especially after reading some of the reviews. But I can honestly say we will definately be booking to return.We arrived early well before our check in time and we were given our room straight away. The room was smaller than what we usually have but when your in London all you want is a nice firm bed(which we got),clean towels(that were huge) and a good shower(definate awakener). And that is exactly what we got. On previous visits we have stayed at the Thistle Hotels and I can assure you we wont be bothering again. We would rather pay less and have more money to spend on enjoying ourselves.We didnt book for breakfast as we thought the £6.50 was a little steep. We went to the Wetherspoons pub round the corner and got a fantastic full english for £1.99 and they opened at 8am.With regards to &quot;people&quot; hanging around the front steps we never had a problem. On one evening I returnexd to the hotel whilst my partner went to the cash point and it was well past midnight and I didnt feel at all frightened or intimidated. The staff on reception were attentive and helpful. Nothing was to much troubleOn the whole the Travel Lodge Covent Garden was a real pleasure to stay at. We wont hesitate to book again.	
Jul 18 2006	Great location horrid hotel	Great central location, however horrible hotel. Looks awful, room smelt damp, bed had horrid plastic matress cover and was very saggy and a bathroom I was scared to get undressed in! Overall needs a complete overhaul, wouldn't have minded so much if I hadn't paid £89 a night for the privilege.	
Jul 18 2006	Not good	I stayed here following a late night flight from Prague. I knew I was in interesting area when I had to struggle past a bunch of dodgy looking down outs on the corner of endell street and then barge past a mass of teenagers sitting on the steps of the hotel sampling cheap alcoholic delights and generally being loud and agressive. I finally made it to the hotel with out having my teeth knocked out or hit over the head with a blunt oject.Check in was painless and the rooms are what you expect for something of this budget, which to be is fair excellent value given the location. A word of warning try to avoid room 1 , my fellow hotel guests appeared to confuse my internal telephone number with that of reception . As a result I had to endure numerous calls through the night ranging from &quot;is that reception&quot; to &quot; have we a cleaner I have soiled myself&quot;. When you are tired and just want to sleep believe me you patience does wear thin, the last call I had a 5.00 am almost resulted in me ripping the phone off the wall, locating the caller an inserting the phone in him.Another downside of rooms on the west side of the building is that directly opposite them is a residential block of flats where the residents sit out on the balconies drinking and being loud.All in all if you want a good night sleep pack ear plugs!	
Jul 17 2006	Excellent Budget Hotel	I stayed at this hotel this weekend and was a little apprehensive based on some of the earlier reviews. All I could say to any reader is IGNORE ALL PREVIOUS NEGATIVE FEEDBACK! I'm a frequent stayer in London, circa 6 times per year and I am always on the lookout for good budget price accomodation. I've got to say, this hotel was an excellent budget choice - the location was amazing, only 5-10 mins walk to Leicester Square, the hotel is literally on Shaftesbury Avenue so an easy walk down towards the centre. The room although basic was functional - very spacious, clean, well decorated, quality towels and linen etc. General condition of the hotel - better than some advertised 4*, the ongoing refurbishment has made a big difference and there is little sign of work or disturbance by contractors. The staff were friendly and accomodating. Do not have any worries about safety, this hotel is on a fairly busy road so plenty of passers by etc and the soundproofing of the room was excellent - minimal traffic noise etc! Only downside was the security locking of the bedroom window which prevented them from being opened - but this was compensated by the TWO fans which were in the room and only having 1 bar of soap in the bathroom, but again Reception will give you as many as you need!!! I will definitely stay here again even if I have to pay the full room rate; the location, savings on tube tickets and staff etc make it one of my top choices for future stays.	
Jun 24 2006	Okay if you're on a strict budget otherwise look elsewhere	As other posters have mentioned, this is a no-frills hotel. When I checked in, the clerk told me my room rate, which was a lot more than I had booked on the internet. Fortunately, I had an email printout of my reservation for two nights. The first room I was given was quite small, and I knew there were larger rooms as I had stayed here when it was the Drury Lane Moat House. I went back to reception and was given the room next door, which was much larger and had more furniture.There was one large towel and a bath mat, two plastic cups and one small bar of soap in the bathroom. There was no top sheet between the duvet cover and the fitted sheet and the duvet cover didn't look particularly clean so I didn't use it. Thankfully London was experiencing a heat wave so I wasn't cold at night.As others have also stated, there are lots of fire doors and huge used towel containers in the hallways at all times. You can't dial reception from your room, which I found very odd, but the hotel says it's a cost-saving measure.There is a large outdoor entryway to the hotel and one time saw a young man sleeping on the ground for several hours and other time a couple of intimidating guys lingering on the steps. Though I saw all of this in the daytime, I would have been rather nervous approaching the hotel in the later evening.I won't be staying here again, no matter how inexpensive the rate is. I prefer more amenities and more security.	
Jun 18 2006	Poor	I stayed here for one night. I was in London with work and my colleague booked this hotel.Reception was very slow at checking people inThe room itself was ok.No soap or shampoo etc in bathroom. Had to go down and get soap myself.One ironing board in the hotel and it looks about 20 years oldBreakfast was average.I suppose location and price of £89 are the positives.I wont be going back.	
Jun 17 2006	Don't Book at Full Price.	I stayed at the Travelodge Covent Garden for one night in June, having spent the previous few nights in Jury's Gt Russell just around the corner. What a contrast! Given that it would be more expensive to stay in this hotel (at full rate), than what I had paid at Jury's, I would be sorely disappointed if I had paid £89. My £26 room could not be faulted really. On arrival the baking London heat was drying out what looked like a splash of vomit at the entrance steps-not the kind of welcome one would expect but I suppose this WAS sunday morning so Saturday night revelry will always present the odd unexpected obstacle. The proximity of the steps to the roadway could have a bearing on this. At Check-In I was greeted by an extremely bubbly and efficient receptionist who, despite my arrival 2 hours before their agreed check-in time, said that if a room was ready she would be happy to allow me to take it. Luckily there was, and within minutes I was accommodated. The bathroom ceiling looked like it has suffered a fairly serious leak from above, but it luckily held out for the duration of my stay. The linen/toiletries were pretty scarce but the room itself was spotless and spacious with a big comfortable bed. The shower was powerful with lots of hot water. If you want to holiday in Multi-Channel Land this hotel is not for you but I suppose few people take a city break to watch television. The room was quiet and, despite other reviews stating the opposite, I had no problems on this front. Tea/coffee making facilities were present but there is no means by which reception can be contacted other than a trek thru the linen-laden corridors- an unusual situation which I have not encountered in other hotels. This hotel is no palace but if you want a central location at a ridiculously low price (Saver Rooms £26 on selected dates), it is not a bad option. If you are going to pay the full rate of £89 don't bother. Lots of websites will get you classier accommodation in the general area for £75 - £100 per night (Grange, Jury's, and Radisson on some occasions). At the same time, I can see myself returning in the future. A clean, quiet room this close to so many attractions at far below the price of a suburban B &amp; B, is sufficient for many tourists so Travelodge Covent Garden can hardly be faulted on that score. The general areas could do with an upgrade but with the new London High Holborn opening this year I look forward to a newer, fresher, Travelodge option. Incidently, the mess at the steps had been removed before my departure.	
Jun 10 2006	Not worth the full asking price	My perspective on the Travelodge Covent Garden is a little different because I know what it once was. I worked there 27 years ago when it was managed by Grand Metropolitan Hotels and known as the Drury Lane Hotel. After having made the beds and cleaned the bathrooms of guests who stayed at this 4-star hotel, I thought it would be a hoot to return as one myself. With such a great location, I do not understand why this lodging degenerated into what it is now.The corridors to the rooms have quite a few doors installed, presumably to stop the spread of any future fires, making it very difficult to find the rooms and tote luggage. No porters were available to assist guests. The nice restaurant and bar has disappeared. There is no longer any room service. The telephones disappeared from the sleeping rooms. Although it technically is not a motel since the doors of the guest rooms open into a corridor, the service is equivilent.I stayed for three nights last July, and for two of those my sleep was interrupted by a fire alarm. I was given room 141, which immediately struck me as odd since the Drury Lane had no sleeping rooms under the fifth floor. That was where we found the laundry, staff dining room, and other behind-the-scenes facilities. There was also no direct route to it from inside the front lobby. I had to walk outside to reach it. I was constantly losing my way around. The room itself was in scruffy condition; however, it did provide a fully functional old style hairdryer (with an air hose) and an electric tea kettle with accoutrements. The TV only received about 4 or 5 VHF channels.All in all, I was really disappointed to what had become of the 4-star hotel where I had spent my summer of 1979. I even paid the full asking price of £85 p/n for the experience. If I had gotten a bargain rate, I doubt I would have been as disappointed. After all, aren't Travelodges about economy? So much for nostalgia.I am currently preparing a more extensive review for Epinions.	
Jun 2 2006	Best Deal in London	This has to be the best buy in London. I stayed there for two nights. Travellodge offers special rates for some nights. The way it worked out for me on a Sunday and Monday night in May the room only cost $46 per night. When I booked it on-line in advance for this much, I was afraid that the hotel would be in awful condition - but no not at all. The rooms were not small at all - the same standard size of a room at Super 8, Econolodge, or the like in the US. The only drawback was that my bed had no blanket or top sheet - just a comforter and a fitted sheet. The heat in the room was also very poor. But the price isn't just right, it's fantastic!!!	
May 23 2006 	Terrible across the board	First the only good point: it's in a central location near Covent GardenNow for the bad ones. It looks like the tower block it probably once was, the room doors don't fit properly and as such you're warned to use your security chain 'for your own safety', the staff are mainly incompetent, speak and understand English inadequately even for a London hotel and are good at apologising but not so hot on doing anything about the problems you report, the booking system seems to overbook the place so when you arrive you may not have a room at all let alone the kind you booked, no matter what you were quoted you will automatically be (over)charged the full rate of 85 pounds and if you don't notice tough, if you do, your card has to be recredited; always take your e-mail confirmation with you, the rooms are cold (due to the centralised heating system) and very badly sound-proofed (back to the ill-fitting doors), water pressure is very high ( granted a second good point) but this is no use if there's no hot water, the TV might not work, if you book as a group you're unlikely to be placed in rooms together... I could go on but there's little point. I could perhaps have accepted this hole of a hotel if I'd paid a tenner a night but at 75 quid a night it left a bitter aftertaste when for an extra 20 quid I could've had the luxury of the CityInn Westminster.I will never use this hotel again and it has made me very wary of the others in the chain. My advice, location location location is pretty meaningless when what you get is this bad. Avoid and go a few more stops on the tube.	
May 9 2006	Lacking	This hotel has one big advantage being so near Covent Garden and the theatre district, which just about makes up for the basic quality of the hotel. The hotel is sited in one of the worse areas of Covent Garden which makes security an issue, looks more like a 1970s office block than a hotel and is very bland.The rooms though clean are very basic which the hotel sells as a way of making things cheaper. Having stayed at other hotels in this chain this one was by far the most basic.If you want a place to sleep and that's all it is fine.	
Apr 10 2006	Very pleased	Stayed 2 nights at Travelodge, end of March 2006. We payed 75£/night. The room was clean and the personel kind. I was afraid of staying here after reading the rewiews but it was much much better as I tought. I warmly recommend this hotel if you're looking for a cheap central hotel in London. I would probably not stay here for a honeymoon-trip but there is nothing to complain about!	
Apr 6 2006	Great value and location	stayed here last weekend and paid £75 sat £10 sun! our room was clean and basic no toiletries etc but you can't complain for the price. close to shops/pubs/theatres and Covent Garden tube. The staff were friendly and helpful. we were in London for a concert and some shopping and just wanted something cheap and cheerful. If you want luxury this is not for you, but for value and location in London this was perfect.	
Apr 4 2006	Good Budget Accommodation - AT THE RIGHT PRICE!	I managed to get one of the £10 (Supersaver) rooms for Sunday night and at that price this is amazing accommodation. We decided that we'd also visit Saturday and were quoted £86 so stayed elsewhere that evening. I have to say if we'd paid £86 for the Travelodge i'd have been very disappointed as we got a v good 4* hotel £10 cheaper! At the price this is a good option - rooms are 'reasonably' clean, bright and modern and the location is excellent.On the downside:The building is ugly in the extreme from the exterior but i suppose there's little they can do about this.The corridors were very untidy when we arrived. Huge, industrial trolleys loaded up with linen and piles of linen allover the corridor floors.Despite the room being booked for 2 we only had one set of towels and you can't phone reception from your room, you have to go back downstairs to sort the problem.They don't store luggage. Not a problem for us as our other hotel (Grange Fitzrovia) stored our bulkier bags for us and we took just what we needed for the evening but would be a MAJOR problem if you only stayed at the Travelodge.I have to say all the staff ecountered during our visit were extremely polite, friendly and professional - i think many UK hotels could do with sending their staff to Travelodge for training!Do not pay £86 for what is essentially very basic, budget accommodation but if you get the discount rate, GO FOR IT, you'd struggle to find better value in London.	
Mar 31 2006 	GOod hotel great location	You are never going to find a cheaper hotel with ensuite facilities in central London. Excellent location, standard facilities, but good hotel. Be sure to book earlyso that you get the cheapest price available.	
Mar 26 2006	Great value and location	This place is right in the theater district easy walking to all major theaters. We didn't drive in London so not sure about parking. I stayed here with wife and two kids aged 9 &amp; 10. Make sure you book at least 21 days in advance and you can get in for as little as 10 pounds!! Use the (-)site to get supersaver deals.	
Mar 24 2006	Fantastic value for families!	We stayed two nights at this nice, quiet Travelodge - we were lucky and booked rooms on the chain's website for their GBP26/night promotion. Even at GBP 85/night, what value!These rooms are cookie-cutter Holiday-Inn-Express-like, done with an English twist. Big, comfy queen bed with duvet and pillows, sofa that turns into a single bed with a trundle which pulls out from underneath. Spare sheets, pillows, duvets provided in the room's shelving unit. Very comfortably sleeps a family of four. Good lighting, handy bedside lights and &quot;suspended&quot; oak nightstands at each side of the queen bed. En-suite bathroom with deep tub/shower, toilet, sink, big mirror. The windows were, I suspect, triple-glazed...we didn't hear much at all from outside.Small color TV with remote and basic channels. (Option to pay extra for access to premium channels.) No free bottles of shampoo, no bathmat, few towels (although you can ask for extra)...situated in a very quiet neighborhood with a little shop/cafe in the Drury Lane forecourt.You are on your own for breakfast - or pay the extra for the buffet or door-delivered sack. Plan to stop at the local grocery store for pastries, juice, yogurt, fruit during your 5-minute walk to nearby Holborn tube station.After seeing what other hotels charge in London and experiencing what GBP89/night buys (shower/toilet down the hall and a mattress with identifiable springs), this is the hotel find of the year...as long as you aren't expecting a uniformed doorman and luxuries like the Ritz-Carlton provides.Our verdict on the Covent Garden Travelodge: perfect for travelling families!	
Mar 10 2006 	Not good for business travellers	We arranged for two colleagues to stay at this hotel in March 2006.Although we had arranged payment by credit card in advance, the staff forced one of our colleagues to pay for two additional nights. This resulted in a huge amount of hassle for both us, and the colleague. Although the hotel advertises internet access (an important factor for these two individuals), it only has dial-up access (not high speed or internet) which is undesirable. Finally, for those who are bothered by excessive noise, most of the hotel borders two very noisy central London streets. Better value (and quieter) hotels can be found nearby.	
Jan 30 2006	Great Location for all Theatres	This Travelodge is in a fantastic location for all theatres &amp; is approx. 5 mins walk to Covent Garden. 10 Mins from Leicester Square.Rooms are nothing special, the shower was horrid, more mastic around the tap than chrome!!But as other advisors have said, if you are not expecting the Ritz you will be fine!	
Jan 28 2006	Better that Expected	We stayed at the Travelodge for one night recently and was very impressed with the family room we booked. The room was very clean and spacious including a good facilities such as T.V (£6 for good selection of movies, TV, radio etc, for 24 Hours) tea coffee facilities desk area etc.The Location of the hotel is good only a 5 minute walk from Covent Garden tube station and a 10-20 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus. Overall the hotel was such a bargain for the location and for the room standard. If you’re looking for a posh, luxury hotel with mints on the pillows then this is not for you but if you’re looking for a good basic hotel at a reasonable price this is perfect.Check out the Travelodge web site for direct deals.... Grab yourself a bargain.	
Jan 15 2006	Excellent	My family and I stayed 1 night at the Travelodge, Covent Garden in late December. I was concerned after reading other reviews about this hotel but on arrival we found absolutely nothing to worry about. The staff were great and the room was lovely and clean. The location is fantastic and we will certainly stay again.	
Dec 29 2005	£10 hotel room	Stayed here during the Christmas holiday for just £10 per room per night! Bearing that in mind, hard to be critical! Even at full price (£75)I think it's a buy. Arrived at noon and Magda at reception did a great job getting us into our rooms asap.Location is superb - 5 minute walk to Covent Garden market; Oxford Street about the same distance. Room cool but fine if you set heating fan to &quot;medium&quot; - then it gets going.Not luxurious but absolutely adequate, even at full price. Lovely Polish staff in all departments. Breakfast all you can eat for £6.50 and kids eat free. The BIG possible drawback is that they will not, under any circumstances, look after ANY of your luggage for you, no matter how small, either before you check in or after you check out.If desperate you could perhaps use the cloakroom at the nearby British Museum - don't forget to tip them, tho.Some nice pubs and restaurants just outside on Drury Lane.Check out the Travelodge website for £26 special offers. A new Travelodge opens next Summer just a few metres away - definitely worth a look.	
Oct 24 2005	wasvery nice	Have to put in a positive plug. I am very picky about where I stay. In fact we left one highly recommended hotel for this one and had a great experience. English ambiance?? No!, but after having no water and 3 people being in a room that you couldn't move in, it was great to have a spacious room. We got lucky and got a room that had just been remodeled!! Everything was new and very nice!!! Room was street level. Yes, they were in the middle of construction but if every room looks like the one we had, I would say go for it!!!	
Oct 11 2005	Great Location	We stayed at this hotel in June 05 and loved it.It was clean, the staff were friendly and the location was brilliant - only a few minutes walk to Covent Garden.We liked it so much that we are going back in March. Ok, the rooms are basic, but if you want a posh hotel, pay for it.	
Oct 9 2005	hmmm!!	yes, hmmm! It's ashame I didn't think to read any reviews of this hotel before booking it. My boyfriend and I just needed somewhere to crash for one night whilst down in London for a friends birthday. It sounds like we were lucky we drove, and we obviously went on a quiet-ish saturday as we arrived at 12.00 midday, and were allowed into our room straight away (we thought there might have been a problem getting there 3 hours before their check-in time), you have to pay for parking, but at least your car is right there, the car park is under the hotel and a bit grotty and smelly though - but hey, it is london afterall, and there are only limited spaces for which we checked before arriving, and you can't book for the car park - might be a bit of a problem for car drivers on a busy weekend although i think i saw some public parking down one of the adjacent roads. Anyway because we had the car, we asked if we could leave it in the car park until around 3pm-ish the next day when we checked out, and they were fine with this, so we could just put our luggage back in our car.Onto the appearance of the hotel itself - on first arriving i thought it looked a bit grotty from the outside - very concrete jungle - but you can't judge a book by it's cover can you? well actually in this case, yes! The hotel, although very pleasant in the reception area where it is very freshly decorated and clean, seems to be anything but throughout the rest of the hotel. our room was very very basic for £89 a night with a very suspicious small double bed, the room was small and very cold and empty looking and the bathroom was grotty with only one small bar of soap provided - we did have enough towels for the both of us though. The television was not tuned in properly, a point someone else on here has acknowledged.The only thing I can say for this hotel is that it is in a pretty decent location, only 5 mins walk from Covent Garden and it's tube station (Leicester square is then not too far a walk from that) and it's also walking distance from Holborn station.If your looking for a hotel thats 'ok' to rest your head in for one night and thats in a good location, the Travelodge Covent Garden is a fair enough choice for the money, although I wish I could have had it for the £46 i've seen other people on here mention. It's not fantastic but it'll do, but I honestly don't think I will stay here again and I wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends, I think as human beings we can do better than this hotel - I hope so anyway.	
Oct 5 2005	Value Quality and Consistency to Central London	I had the pleasure of staying at the Covent Garden Travelodge for 1 night in October and I was pleasantly surprised. I booked it without reading any reviews and if I had have done I would have avoided it and probably missed out on the best value hotel in Central London. The hotel looks very welcoming from the street and this is continued in the reception area, which is very smart and the front desk staff were very efficient. Earlier reviews talk about dingy, claustrophobic corridors, I didn't notice any of this and the corridors were bright and clean. On entering the room the good feeling about the hotel continued. The room was pleasantly decorated and everything was in good condition. All the lights worked, the carpet was new and there was a phone, TV and the soft furnishing were co-ordinated. The bathroom was clean and tidy but not huge, nicely tiled with big mirror. The location is excellent, within walking distance of two or three tube stations and right on the edge of the West End eating and entertainment district. Even if you have to pay the standard rate of £89 it is still good value, if you book a bit in advance and you can get a double for £46 its a bargain for this location, or anywhere in London. It appears that Travelodge have brought affordability, quality and consistency to Central London for the first time. I'd definitely stay here again and happily recommend it.	
Oct 5 2005	Not the best!	Stayed here as a group of 4 girls. Wanted a central, basic hotel in London.We got a little less than basic!No Hairdryers, no storage for luggage. Room was very cold most of the time. The window's locks were broken, which was a security risk.The staff were pleasant enough, but not falling over themselves to help you.I wouldnt rush to book this hotel again as we paid £79 per night for it. Would be ok at £46 special rate I suppose, but breakfast is extra (£6.50 whatever you have!)Ok if you have low standards, or just need somewhere to sleep, though I did come home with a bad back!	
Sep 27 2005	Pleasantly surprised	I had already booked 2 nights at the Travelodge Covent Garden, so before leaving for my trip, I read some of the reviews on this website. I must admit, I was a bit wary of staying there, as some reviewers used rather harsh words to describe the hotel's negative features.When we first arrived, though, I was very impressed. Any negative ideas that arose from others' bad reviews vanished when I saw the clean and charming hotel. Granted, it did not supply luxuries like an alarm clock or telephone access to the front desk. However, the reception staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room (a twin ensuite) was very cozy, clean, and inviting. As for location, I could not have asked for better. We were able to walk with ease to most of the locations we had on our itinerary. The surrounding neighborhood is bustling and very safe (important to two young women such as us), though a few of the side streets were dark and suspicious at night. The only complaint I have was that the Travelodge did not allow us to stow our baggage in the hotel prior to checking in. Since we arrived in London around 10am and could not check in until 3pm, this was a minor setback. The hotel itself, though, impressed me. I would not think twice before booking with them again!!	
Sep 23 2005 	Good location but otherwise terrible	The main reason I'm rating this hotel 'terrible' is because they refused to store my luggage for a few hours on the day I checked out. I have stayed in several London hotels and numerous hotels around Western Europe, and this had NEVER happened to me before. What's more, they gave me incorrect information that I could store my luggage at one of the train stations -- that hasn't been true for several years due to security concerns. Had I not known London, I would have dragged my luggage to the train station to find I had no where to leave it and would have had to drag my luggage around London all day (fortunately, I was able to leave it at the conference I was attending). They were also quite impolite about it.Otherwise, I would have rated it 'Okay, but some problems'. It is very drab; there was mold in the shower; and, typical in England, there was only a duvet (no top sheet, and I doubt that duvets are cleaned daily). Our room was large enough, but it overlooked a concrete square where people were kicking a dog and yelling at each other -- very noisy. The location is very good -- extremely central. The breakfast cost extra and was not great (you'd probably do as well to get an English breakfast elsewhere) -- served in a lobby area -- but not too bad. All in all, for paying about $100 per night in central London, I didn't expect much, and that's what I got. However, I was furious about the luggage issue and will never stay in a Travelodge in the UK again for that one reason. Don't stay here unless you're OK with a not-very-nice room and plan to head straight to the airport or train with your luggage immediately after checking out.	
Sep 17 2005 	Did it use to be an office?	Stayed here on business and although the location is great the hotel and rooms are horrible. The sink and shower had cracks and brownstuff growing in and around them.I normally value a good location highly when seeking accomodation but in this case even the good location does not save it.	
Aug 22 2005	Fantastic Value!	Location Excellent! Value Excellent!If you've never stayed in a London hotel then this place will not impress you. However, if you are familiar with London's usual lack-lustre hotels and are looking for a reasonably priced, clean, quiet hotel in the perfect location then you can't beat the Travelodge, Covent Garden. We stayed 3 nights August 4 - 6, 2005 and paid only 46 pounds per night for double occupancy. This is unheard of in London! We had a king size bed and our own large bathroom. Our only issue with the room was the shower faucet was difficult to turn and off. Another annoyance was the fact that the hotel does not allow you to leave your luggage at the hotel after the 12 noon check-out. Other than that we were very pleased with the hotel and would gladly recommend it to anyone looking for a budget hotel in central London.	
May 31 2005	Horrible	The hotel was under construction, no security and the air conditioning didn't work. The phone in the room doesn't even call the front desk. You have to walk down there. So I went to ask about the air and the guy said, if it doesn't get cooler, open a window! On top of that, black stuff was coming out of the shower and we weren't allowed to keep our luggage there. So the front office person gave us WRONG directions to the subway station to leave our luggage. Would never stay there again.	
Feb 15 2005 	If you have booked to stay here..cancel it......	We had the displeasure of staying in this travelodge recently. I can honestly say the rooms are terrible, and staff rude. We had a double room where the large window would not shut correctly which resulted in the room being freezing despite the radiator been on maximum and the thermastat set on 30 degrees. The radiator constanltly buzzed this combined with traffic noise, the temperature ( -2 centigrade forcasted outside) and the local shops taking deliveries from 5am meant that it was an unpleasant night to stay the least. We complained to the reception staff but they didnt careThe hotel is terrible. If you have booked to stay here you would be wise to find alternative accomodation.	
Jan 21 2005	NOT A PLACE TO STAY IN A HURRY	We arrived at the hotel for a two night stay. At the reception we were met by some guests whose reservations had been screwed up by the hotel. When we were finally dealt with our reservation had also been deleted of the system and when they finally managed to call central reservations they had a completely different price. Luck was in our favour as we had a copy of the reservations printed out. To compensate us for their mistake they reduced the price by £5 per night.The rooms were nothing special. There was no phone or hair dryer and the tv channels weren't tuned in properly. The bath room was a disgrace. They had actually painted the inside of the bath with white paint. For two people in one room they supplied us with one bath towel and one hand towel. Paint was falling off parts of the walls.Early the next day we were woken by builders at 7am. While I appreciate the hotel needs major work I feel this could have waited until at least 9am!!!It was not worth £80 a night even with the £5 offOther than that I had a good stay in London. The only good thing about the hotel is its fantastic location. Although to classify it as in Covent Garden might be a bit of a stretch!!!	
Dec 23 2004	Changeover from Drury Lane Moat House	We came in when the hotel changed to Travelodge and it was horrific. Trouble getting soap, towels, etc. May have just been the changeover, but the staff didn't have a clue!Breakfast buffet was good.It came as a choice in a travel package.I wouldn't give it a second chance.	
Oct 24 2004	No Phones	Horrible hotel, avoid unless you want a hostel. They screwed up our reservation, thankfully we showed them OUR copy. No phones in room and only one working payphone in hotel. Fire alarm went off on first morning, of course no phone or intercom to advise guests. Shabby furniture, spring-bared, terrible beds, rarely the proper number of towels. Finally, they booked us an unlicensed cabbie who charged too much and told us the hotel tried to get a kick-back of 10 pounds.	
Sep 1 2004	Good location!	We arrived at this travelodge on Friday 27th August for a two night stay. It was a short walk away from the tube station in a quite quiet area. On checking in there was no queue and the girl was pleasant however they made a mistake with our booking allocating my sister and I a double room when we booked a twin room. They also made a mistake with our room rate and they had to phone central reservations to check it out and told us that someone had changed it so she changed it back. I would advise anyone staying here to take printed confirmation of their room rate just in case(we didn't think it was necessary). The room was clean and was cleaned daily with fresh towels provided however the bathroom could have done with a complete overhaul. The bath was a bit old and was badly needing replaced. During our stay there were workman in the hotel refurbishing rooms etc. On the Saturday when we returned to our room we were chatting to one couple who had just been complaining to reception. It turned out that housekeeping staff had been in their room during the day while they were out and packed all their belongings and moved them to another room without telling them. Needless to say she was not too happy about it but who would be!!! On the whole it was a pleasant stay and I would stay there again.	
Jul 19 2004	Excellent value	Just spent almost one week in the Travelodge Covent Garden. Excellent value for money. Room was very modern and clean as well as the en-suite. Lovely interior design in the room, very modern. Staff very nice and helpful, some very rude guests though. Only thing I didn't really like was the exterior of the hotel and the down-and-outs sitting on the steps of the hotel as well as the local yobs which seemed to congregate at the weekend at the front door of the hotel which I found a bit, well not that nice. Hotel in excellent location though. Breakfast wasn't included for our rate of £75 a night either. Handy hint for breakfast though is to save yourself the £10 breakfast rate by getting the tube from Covent Garden to Bond St and get a massive breakfast in BHS or Debenhams for £2.50 instead! Apart from that, would def. stay there again.	
May 15 2004	not 4 star	I booked this hotel when it was a Moat House Hotel, when we arrived it was a Travelodge, no one told me.It needs a makeover,it is not 4 star.To be fair to Travelodge they refunded the difference.Great location.	
May 10 2004	Not a 4 star hotel	We were in total dismay when we arrived at what was supposed to be a 4 star hotel. The room we were assigned to had no soap, no phone, the wallpaper was falling down, the windows were cracked, the walls are paper thin and to top it off, when my husband was finishing his shower, he couldn't turn the water off! Because of no phone, i had to run down 3 floors to tell the front desk...with no plumber in the building, the girl at the front desk had to come up and try to fix it...not a good sign...they moved us to another room, which ended up being on the smoking wing...not good....they moved us again and the new room was not much better....anyway, the only thing this hotel has going for it is it's location. Like the other review, TraveLodge is going to hear from us.	
Apr 24 2004	No longer Moat House	We had the distinct displeasure of staying at this hotel just after it had changed to a Travelodge. We had booked and paid for the Moat House, and based on reviews on this website had been prepared to be unimpressed with its appearance, but still expecting a 4-star hotel. We got a definite 1-to-2-star. The only amenities we got were 2 bars of soap and 2 rolls of toilet paper. We had paid for a concierge-room service-laundry-wake-up call-type hotel, and got none of the above. The kids at the front desk (there appeared never to be a manager) were indifferent to the point of paralysis. The second day, housekeeping removed our soap and toilet paper! Our room key didn't work on the second and third days. There was no phone in the room with which to call the desk. That being said--the furniture was new and nice, there was a refrigerator and a room safe. But Travelodge is going to hear from me.	
Apr 17 2004	shabby and tatty		
Feb 10 2004	Dont go there		
Feb 9 2004	All I could ask for!		
Jan 27 2004	not good		
Jan 21 2004	Kind of dreary but great location		
Jan 5 2004	Staff great hotel naff		
Dec 17 2003	fantastic stay		
Dec 15 2003	very dissapointed.......		
Jul 7 2003	Very Bland		
Apr 21 2003	Spectacular!		
Sep 30 2009 	Assolutamente da evitare		
Sep 19 2009 	???????????????3????		
Aug 14 2009 	bon compromis		
Aug 10 2009 	Buena situacion pero mal servicio		
May 21 2009 	Hotel céntrico con buena relación calidad-precio		
Mar 2 2009 	??????????????		
