Nov 24 2009 	Perfect location	We stayed 2 nights for a long week-end. It's the perfect location, a lot of touristical sites are at walking distance. The rest is 5 to 10 min bus or taxi away. The staff is really nice and helpful. We changed room as we were in a twin bedroom the first night. The first room was a bit small and the toilet flush was temperamental.. But the second was great . Both were comfortable but a bit noisy though (you're in a very busy part of London). I cannot comment on the amenities as we did not use them.	
Nov 16 2009 	Excelent location -great staff	I spend 4nights at the hotel with my son and sister and enjoyed it very much. The location is really excellent. I was really impressed from the staff. Very helpfull and friendly.Rooms was Ok but towels was not ok. They need to be changed with new ones. Brekfast was great except the last day that some thinks (marmelades bread...) that we was used to eat the previous days was not offered any more.I certainly liked it and would recommend it.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great hotel for central London but watch out for the Buckingham Wing!	I stayed 9 nights in this hotel on business Oct - Nov 09 but I have also stayed here as a leisure traveller in Feb 09 and in 2008. I think this is a great choice for a central London stay. The location is excellent, with so many sites and eating / drinking areas within easy reach by foot and also with immediate and easy access to public transport. The hotel is modern and the rooms in the main part of the hotel all recently renovated to a high standard. These rooms are very comfortable with excellent facilities including iron and ironing board tucked in to the wardrobe (handy on a business trip!) and the public areas are plush. The staff are friendly, professional and helpful. I would always choose this hotel first when coming back to London to stay, however there are two notes I would make that might be of use to other travellers. Firstly, room service is very expensive and I don't believe it is worth the money; arriving late on my first night I ordered a burger which was one of the cheapest things on the menu at £15 but that also incurred an additional £5 tray charge, and it was absolutely not worth the price tag. Secondly, and more important of the two notes, I discovered on check in on my fourth stay that there is a Buckingham Wing in addition to the main building. They appear to assign rooms in the main building first with overflow in to the Buckingham Wing when busy. This section is reached via the main building so is not an entirely separate annexe but it is technically a separate building on the other side of Villiers Street, connected to the main hotel by an elevated walkway. This Wing has not been renovated and the room I was assigned to was shabby in the extreme. The furniture was chipped and scuffed, there was a scorch mark on the wallpaper, the furnishings were ugly and dated, the carpet was grubby round the edges and there was visible, crumbling plaster work around fixtures to the walls and on top of that, it was noisy. The room was charged out at the same rate as a modernised (and very nice) room in the main building. I asked to be moved the instant I got in to the room but was told that they were fully booked that evening but they could move me the next day. I took them up on that and the staff were helpful and accommodating, moving my luggage for me etc. The room that I moved to in the main building was of the same high standard as the other rooms that I have stayed in in that section and I was very happy with it. The Buckingham Wing room was clean and that was its only positive note as it was otherwise utterly sub-standard for a hotel of this class and price-tag. If they try to assign you one of these rooms (I believe it's all those numbered 800+, but they will probably explain it's in the Buckingham Wing when they try to check you in to it as you also have to take two lifts), unless tired and old-fashioned is your preference, I would recommend that you ask to be moved; they charge the same rate for one of these inferior rooms as they do for one of the up-to-date, attractive rooms in the main building!Staying in one of the rooms in the main hotel however, is a pleasure and taking in to account my two notes above, I would still stay in this hotel again on my next visit to London without any hesitation.	
Nov 9 2009 	Boutique Experience - Stands Out from the Crowd	I stay often in hotels for work as well as pleasure but this hotel stands out from the crowd. I can only put it down to the amazing attention to detail that is reflected in everything from the ambience of the lobby and common areas through to the excellent service.I had the pleasure of meeting the main hotel manger Mr Riddian Davies who was not only able to sort out some minor issue personally for me but was clearly the driving force behind the hotel's look and feel.As for the location, I found it great. Well connected for work (the Tube entrance is literally next to the hotel) but also for walking to tourist spots.The lobby has a beautiful atmosphere with great design and a host of candles that make you feel like you've been transported in seconds away from the hustle and bustle of Trafalgar Square and The Strand which are just on your doorstep. Despite the large number of bedrooms, the staff made me feel special, as if I'd just checked into a small, more personal hotel.Thoroughly recommended.	
Nov 5 2009 	Very good hotel great location!	This hotel was recommended by some friends as being a perfect hotel for those visiting London; They were 100% right. This hotel is located right on top of the Charing Cross tube station making it perfect to hop on the tube and travel around the city. In addition, the hotel is a few short blocks from the Thames River and the Waterloo bridge. The location is right by several sites include Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery, London Eye, several Theaters, Covent Garden Shopping, etc. Have I said enough about the location? As for the hotel, I won't go into too much detail that isn't already here. We stayed in the standard rooms, two double beds. Rooms were clean, and taken care of daily. We had no complaints about the rooms at all. There is a restaurant/bar that we did not check out, but it seemed very nice. There were several rooms booked for events so I assume this would also be a great place for a business event of some kind. Views from the hotel really depend on your room but we weren't concerned. Flat screen TV with several channels available. The only negative I would post is with the wireless service. It was available for a fee and even the business center computer required payment for the service. This day and age, they need to have that be free. Otherwise, my wife and I truly enjoyed our experience. During our next trip we will definitely stay here again!	
Nov 4 2009 	Great location terrible beds	I traveled to London for a business conference and stayed for 6 nights at the Charing Cross. Overall impressions: The public areas of the hotel are very nice, with alot of thoughtful and elegant details. The location is fantastic, a great jumping-off point to any sighseeing destination. Hotel staff was friendly, but not overly so. Restaurants were a bit on the slow side for service, although food was decent. As a meeting venue, the ballrooms were well-appointed and conveniently located on one level. Now for some details:I travel frequently, both domestically and internationally for work, and have experienced hotels at all levels of service and amenities---I would have to rate the rooms at Charing Cross as average ---- fairly clean (although the carpets could have used a good vacuuming) and moderately spacious (for a large city hotel) with up to date decor. However, I have never, in all my years of travel, experienced beds as hard as this. No exaggeration, the mattress felt like a slab of concrete with a thin layer of foam on top. There was a very nice duvet and lovely pillows, but the mattress had no give whatsoever.I called down to the front desk to inquire about the firm mattresses, and they informed me that the matresses had all been newly replaced and they could move me to another room, but with no guarantee of a less firm bed. Since I had already unpacked and gotten situated, I opted to stay put. The first night , mainly due to jet lag , I fell asleep right away even with the firm bed. However, by the second night, I could not get comfortable and ended up with only 2 hours sleep. I had a meeting that day and had to drag myself though it, thinking I could get some rest that evening. Another sleepless night later (this time only got 1 hour) and I was near total exhaustion. I asked if the hotel could provide a feather bed topper or something I could use to pad the mattress. They brough up an extra duvet which I layered on top of the mattress. It didn't help much, in fact by the time I left after 6 nights, I had a good-sized bruise on my hip where it had rested on the mattress every night. The other rather strange thing was the absence of washcloths in the bathroom. After I got settled upon arrival, I prepared to take a shower and a nap. I went into the bathroom and was pleased to find a heated towel rack (which, unfortunately, never quite got warm enough to do any good), and a small selection of bath amenities. There were also several nice fluffy towels, but no washcloths. I looked all throughout the room for washcloths and finally called guest services. They informed me that the hotel does not have wachcloths. I was a bit confused....how did they expect guests to clean themselves? Was I expected to use a large towel, or just rub a bar of soap over myself (mind you, I had a guest staying with me, so kind of gross to share soap)? Eventually, I got in touch with housekeeping who arrived at my room with a small bag of mismatched washcloths and told me they can only give me two (one for me, one for guest). We had to ask several times during our stay to replenish the cloths, but I thought it was just so odd not to have these in a 'better' hotel. I did notice a note in the guest services book indicating that you can ask for a bathrobe as well, but with a stern warning about entertaining thoughts of 'lifting' it. So perhaps they had a rash of washcloth thefts in the past...very strange nonetheless.Overall, my stay was mixed. Aside from the washcloth issue, the minor room cleanliness issue, and the sometimes slow service, I probably would have rated this hotel pretty highly had it not been for the beds. Its a shame that this one thing clouded my judgement about an entire hotel, but I will forever remember lying on their concrete bed, tossing and turning, and the exhaustion that followed. Not the way I wanted to remember what was otherwise a lovely trip to a wonderful city.	
Nov 4 2009 	Awesome location great service good rooms	The hotel is in a great location, being within easy walking distance to the theatres and other cultural areas, such as Covent Garden. The hotel is literally on top of Charing Cross underground station, so it's perfect if travelling underground. The service was great, from the concierge checking us into our flight and printing the boarding passes, to the barman and his great cocktails. The breakfast was fantastic, with a great selection of hot and cold food - although the seats are quite strange in the dining room!The room was very clean, with a large flat screen TV and wireless internet (not complimentary). The room wasn't huge, with the single beds right next to each other, and without a view. A couple of the tiles in the bathroom were loose underfoot, and the shower head wasn't great, but no real complaints. Overall a great place to stay and undoubtedly one of the best locations in London.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent location and great accessible room	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay at the Charing Cross Hotel. The central location is incredibly convenient - we loved that there is a cab stand right next door outside of the tube station in case we didn't want to walk. And the management was very friendly and helpful, though we found the service in the lounge and bar quite slow.The key for us was the room. My husband uses a wheelchair, and it was fabulous for our needs - quiet and pleasant with a decent amount of space for a city hotel. They have two accessible rooms, and we stayed in 210, which is apparently the larger of the two. The huge bathroom has a large roll-in shower with a hand-held shower head. My husband is not a small man, and the wall-mounted shower seat was substantial enough for him to use. There was enough room next to the bed for my husband to get in and out, and the hardwood floors and wheels on the bed frame allowed for us to move the bed easily to allow for more room, if needed. There were only two drawbacks to the room setup, as far as we were concerned. First, the bed had a new mattress, which was quite high. (Apparently, the management didn't realize it was going to be as high as it was.) My husband was able to transfer OK, but it might be difficult for some. Second, there are no outlets next to the bed, so we were not able to use the CPAP machine we'd brought.We took the manager's card, when we left, because it will definitely be at the top of our list, if we make a return trip to London.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great location great price	We stayed in the other building over the walkway and I have to say I thought it was fine. Staff were great and the breakfast is one of the best i've had for this standard of hotel in London. The location can't be beaten, 2 mins from Trafalgar Square and right on the Strand and on top of Charing Cross Station. That said, it was really quiet for such a central location. Loads of places to eat with Covent Garden just over the road.	
Oct 25 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Brilliant Location	Stayed here for 2 nights as part of weekend break. From the outside the hotel may look nothing special however, appearances deceive! Once you step indside you are transported into a beautifully designed, spacious and elegant hotel. My large and airy room was on the 5th floor overlooking the Strand. Noise from the constant flow of traffic was minimal, but the view wasexcellent. Breakfast was superb, although the breakfast room itself was a little on the small side for such an imposing hotel. Staff were excellent, polite and always willing to give you advice. As you are right by the Charing cross tube station, getting around London was simple. Of cousre the biggest bonus is that if you are looking for a great hotel to stay at for a theatre break...then look no further than this! I will return!!	
Oct 13 2009	THE Hotel - A Must	Traveled with 11 yr old daughter. We couldn't have been more fortunate based on location; quality; service; tube; sites, etc. It is THE hotel for central location. Any direction gives you walking distance to main London sites and great eats. Post office, banks, drug stores, etc. are all at your fingertips. Room size is perfect; nice hot showers; great breakfast; friendly staff; quick tube access and easy in/out. Highly recommended.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good but Not as Nice as Last Time	Love the location. Easy to get to from tube or dot2dot service. Friendly and helpful staff. At first we were put in the adjoining wing. We switched immediately. The rooms were dingy, out of date and in need of a good make-over. The rooms right off the lobby stairs are quite nice. Modern, comfortable. Love the in room tea service. Decent breakfast (a hot section, breads, yogurts, cereals, pastries) although it was moved to a different room with a lot less charm. Hotel seemed crowded. The tables were very close together. Waited a good while before being offered tea or coffee. Again, it was very crowded. There was a line to get into the breakfast room.Lobby bathroom now requires you to obtain a key from the front desk. I guess that is a hazard of being located next to a tube stop. Overall, a great base for London. Gave it three stars because the vibe was not as nice as previous visit and food seemed a bit lower quality.Beware: If you are very sensitive to perfumes, the hotel seems to pump a very strong &quot;rose&quot; perfume or air spray into the common areas.	
Sep 25 2009 	Perfect hotel Perfect location	Just come back from a business trip spending a couple of days at the Charing Cross hotel and took the opportunity to take my wife who had a few days off.We loved this hotel and it's main selling point his it;s staff.All we had the pleasure to meet were excellent hosts and couldn't do enough for you. We were upgraded to a junior suite and it was lovely.On top of this its about 30 seconds from both Charing Cross Station and underground and trafalgar square etc it really is a fantastic hotel.We will definately be returning and have said we'll take our two kids next time.	
Sep 21 2009 	Lovely hotel great location	What a great hotel! Booked the Charing Cross for a weekend break with Tesco clubcard vouchers we needed to use up before the end of the year. Can't comment as others have on the standard of the room allocated when you use clubcard vouchers as we opted for the upgrade to a junior suite that we were offered on arrival. The junior suite was lovely, loads of space, light and airy and spotlessly clean, and despite overlooking the very busy Strand, we didn't notice very much traffic noise at all. The breakfast buffet was excellent. Despite being very busy the hot food was constantly being replenished and the quality was very good. The range of cold foods was also very good, although we were disappointed that the advertised danish pastries failed to materialise. The location of the hotel is perfect for anyone wanting to see central London. All the places we wanted to see were either a few minutes walk away, or quickly reached on the tube, located directly under the hotel.We're planning to return to London in January, and would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed here on a business trip to host some visitors to an exhibition at the Excel Centre. Check in was efficient and the room was clean tidy and well decorated with fairly new equipment/fittings. Breakfast was buffett style which suited me. Tea/coffe making in room was a plus.One day I arrived back around 4 pm to find that my bed had been changed and made but the pillows had not had the pillow cases put on them. No big deal as I simply did them myself. Later as I relaxed in the bath my door opened - after a buzzer sounded which I did not know what it was - and in walked a lady !! On seeing me she apologised and left the room. Phew!!The hotel is first class; convenient to everything with the tube and main line railway next door. My room was 224 and I was not disturbed in any way by noise and slept soundly.I ate each night in the reastuarant because my 'firm' insisted - on the first floor and the food was of a very high standard although the menu does not change; but it was varied and the food was hot and delicious.Would I go back - absolutely.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great value for central London	We normally stay in the Mayfair area when we visit London but wasrecommended this hotel by afriend. It did not disappoint. There was a minor problem with our room when we arrived and within minutes the manager arrived and upgraded us to a junior suite. The staff were helpful and arranged bookings for us at restaurants with no problem. The ratesare reasonable for central London and the location is great.	
Sep 9 2009 	Amazing hotel...amazing location!	Having read some of the reviews after we booked this hotel I was nervous about staying there. However now that I'm home I had to write a review and say what an amzing hotel it is. We got a special deal, three nights for two with breakfast included. When we arrived we upgraded to a junior suite. The staff on arrival were extremely helpful. We arrived early at 9am and we got our Room key straight away which was great. The lobby and entrance to the hotel is gorgeous and the one thing that stuck with me was the beautiful smell everytime we walked in. The whole downstairs area and staircase is just stunning,full of period features and character. Our room was huge!! For being in central London we could not believe it. We were on floor 8 room 530. We had a great view out front looking over the whole city. Room was really clean and had everything we needed. Bed was big and comfy and just so clean. Location of the hotel is the best. Right next dood to tube station, starbucks across the road a Boots next door and all tourist attractions onyour doorstep within walking distance. In the evenings the dim the lights in the lobby and have beautiful little candles and tea lights dotted everywhere,makes for a really nice touch.so warm, welcomig and homely when you come in from a night in the city. My boyfriend loved everything about this hotel and will be staying in it again. Stunning!	
Sep 8 2009 	great location but....	I recently booked this hotel using our clubcard vouchers from a well known supermarket. I have to say the location is fantastic for alot of tourist things, which are within a short distance such as Covent Garden, Theatreland the Imperial War Musuem etc.BUT I have to agree with another reveiw earlier on and pose the question because we were a discounted price did we get put in the cheapest of rooms? I had looked at their website and was impressed by the photograph of the standard double room. Unfortunately this was not the room we were placed in or anything like it. We were placed in the second building over the walkway and found it to be tired and tatty in relation to it's decor and outlook onto a wall/roof. There was some very bad marks on the walls where I would imagine suitcases have been banged against it and the bathroom mirror needed a spruce up as well, although the bathroom itself was satisfactory otherwise. We eventually found the hairdrier, which was securley attached to the base of the top draw making it slightly difficult to use when blow drying ones hair!The bed was comfortable and we had plenty of cupboard space and extra pillows.Breakfast was held over the weekend in the Betjamin room, a marvellous room with amazing decor. There was a good selection of hot and cold foods available and the staff were all very attentive. Somewhat confusingly, breakfast was served in a different place on the Monday and this could have been signposted alittle better for customers who had by now got use to going to another room!The other areas of the hotel such as front desk, foyer and corridors were of a much better standard to the room and we liked the touch of putting candles throught the reception area at night giving it a lovely welcoming feel on returning from shows etc.The concierge proved very useful with a good local knowledge and helpful attitude.All in all we were satisfied with our stay as we paid very little to do so, put had I paid the rate of £175.00 a night they were asking and got that room I would not have been too impressed.	
Aug 31 2009 	ideal location	We arrived early in the morning before check in time and immediately got a key to our room. The staff was friendly and welcoming.The general areas of the hotel are nice, but the room we got was a bit outdated.The wallpaper needed to be replaced, the carpet was old, the hairdryer in the bathroom didn't work, etc.Our room was spacious enough for our short stay (3 days) and was located in a quiet area of the hotel which was very nice.The breakfast was ok, but not very varied and VERY British.The location of the hotel is ideal - you can visit most sights on foot.We booked this hotel on a website which offers special deals and got a good price for it. If I had to pay the full price I probably wouldn't have been so positive.Do I recommand this hote? Yes, if you get it for a fair price.	
Aug 23 2009 	Used to be a preferred hotel---but no longer	On our arrival we were alllocated a pokey little room with a double bed when my reservation had requested an executive room with a king bed. We had booked for a week as part of a longer tour of the UK and there was totally insufficient storage space---no chest of drawers, just one small drawer. We raised this with reception who somewhat reluctantly showed us a room in the Buckingham Wing. Although this room had a king bed and better storage, it was very dark and a most depressing outlook.The bathroom was poorly equipped for a room of this supposed standard- no soap so thank God for Boots next door. We wrote a personal letter to the Manager while still at the hotel But received no response. On our return to Australia weeks later, we found a brief e-mailed reply which contained no semblance of an apology or even a basic understanding of our complaints.In fairness, we found the concierge staff to be helpful and informative. Due to its perfect location, this used to be our hotel of choice in London. Sadly,no longer.	
Aug 19 2009 	Good Hotel in Great Location	I stayed with my wife in the Charing Cross for 8 days, while vacationing in London. All in all, it was a very good experience. The staff - especially the concierge desk - were very helpful and accomodating. We arrived early in the morning, several hours before check in time. They stored our bags and when we came back later in the day we discovered they had already checked us in and our bags were waiting for us in the room. Our room was neat, clean, and large by London standards. The hotel was quiet, and the bed was comfortable.Our room rate included breakfast, so we ate most mornings in the restaurant. The fare was pretty good for a breakfast buffet, but it never changed and got pretty old after a few days. In our 8-day stay, the only part of the breakfast buffet that ever changed was the shape of the fried potatoes. For other meals, the restaurant was too pricey for our taste - especially with hundreds of more modest priced places within walking distance.The hotel's biggest selling point is its location, right at the Charing Cross rail station, and a few feet from both the Charing Cross and Embankment underground stations. Its also within easy walking distance of most the major tourist attractions, and a quick tube ride from the rest.About the only negative we could find was the hotel's wifi, which is available, but way too expensive. We carried our laptop to a McDonald's about 3 doors down from the hotel, where the wifi is free, whenever we needed to use the net.	
Aug 17 2009 	Polished surface but....	Found an online deal for a one night stay with breakfast and the location coupled with the star rating made it seem like a good deal.The lobby and public areas are very nice. All of the staff are friendly and helpful. The location is very good if you're looking for somewhere that you can easily reach all of the attractions, theatres, shops etc. Its literally inside the gates of Charing Cross station, a 1 min walk to Trafalgar Sq, 2 mins to Leicester Sq, 5 mins to Covent Garden and about 10 mins to Oxford Circus or Parliament Square. Location wise its the best I've stayed in in London.Now for the not so good bits. The room really did not meet the standard of the public areas of the hotel. Whether they keep certain room for discounted rate guests I don't know but it was small even by central London standards, worn carpets, paintwork in need of attention. The bedside lamps were hanging off the wall and we experienced problems with a malfunctioning toilet which wasn't rectified, despite us reporting it to reception, until the following day.The rate included breakfast which otherwise is priced at £18 for the buffet. I have had much better breakfast buffets it hotels of lower standard and it definetly isn't worth it if its not included. They even price &quot;extras&quot; as items other hotels include on the buffet as standard e.g. vegetarian sausages.All in all I wouldn't pay anywhere near the full rate, we paid £100 which was just about ok.	
Aug 12 2009 	THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE BEDS EVER!!! Ruined would could be a good hotel	Having travelled for business and pleasure, business almost twice a month for the past ten years, I have NEVER had a worst experience with the most uncomfortable beds. Both myself and my parents who had arrived two days earlier changed rooms. Both the rooms I experienced, the carpet would have been more comfortable. The first, was so ROCk hard I needed to put the duvet under the sheets. The second room - I could feel every spring and again needed to put the duvet under the bottom sheet. My parents who had arrived earlier, also had changed rooms because the beds were nothing but shocking...moving from a rock hard bed to only settle with a bed that was softer, but needed to propped on either side of the mattress with cushions because it sloped outwards, being old and having too many people over the years sitting on the sides. Overall, great location, tidy, clean, ok service but dont ask for too much. IN SHORT - dont stay here = spend your money elsewhere if you want a comfortable bed...or even a bed that you can fall asleep in.	
Aug 11 2009 	Lovely Experience	The lobby staff were very friendly and seemed pleased to see us.The hotel is beautiful with ornate plaster work and a feeling of oppulance.The hotel was very clean and our room very quite for the centre of London It was a standard room but very nice.The complimentry water in mini bar was a nice touch on what was a hot day.The breakfast room was again breathtaking in its ornate decor and ceiling.The breakfast was good too.All in all a lovely stay much better than The Strand Palace up the road even though they are of a similar price .My wife felt very special staying here which was the idea as it was our anniversary so loads of brownie points for me!!	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice hotel	I booked this hotel through Expedia. That was one of the problems I had. I wanted two rooms for 5 people. I know that hotel rooms in Europe can be small so I wasn't sure if any room would fit three people. One Expedia, you can book for three people. I called Expedia and they said no problem about having three in a room. I called the hotel and they said I would have to upgrade to fit in the extra person. I don't blame the hotel but it was frustrating to have to work with Expedia and the hotel to make sure I had a room for everyone. I had to pay another 35 pounds a night for the extra person which turned out to be about $230 US for our 7 day stay. The rooms we had were very nice. We were on the 6th floor in the main part of the hotel. If you book, make sure you are in the main part of the hotel. We had nice views from our room. The rooms were modern. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. I have read reviews that complain about the staff but we had nothing but the best service. One small issue, wake up calls were poor and missed several times. I would have thought the hotel would have an automated waked up service. Set your clock, cell phone or watch if you want to wake up on time. Overall, pleasantly surprised since some reviewers didn't like the hotel. Great location.	
Jul 30 2009 	Pathetic Service	Food and room service were pathetic. Even after complaining the services were not improved upon. Staff members not courteous or customer oriented.	
Jul 14 2009 	wouldn't go anywhere else	i've been to this hotel so many times now that i wouldn't want to go anywhere else. it's in a great location for central london attractions. if you like to be in the thick of things then this has the ideal location as it's next to trafalgar square. the rooms are lovely; good quality. we were lucky enough to get a &quot;three nights for the price of two&quot; offer with breakfast included; this was from the hotel's website. it was a better deal booking with them on this occassion. if anyone moans about this hotel then they are too fussy! i love it and think it's reasonably priced for it's location and quality.	
Jul 5 2009 	Four star hotel five star experience	Beautiful room, luxiouriously appointed, spacious, very comfortable king size bed, excellent central location, with a great price off tripadvisor. One of the nicest hotels and best hotel experiences I have ever had. The windows even open, which dried the clothes that we couldn't fit on the provided towel/clothes rack in the bathroom. Had a shower/bath, fridge, cabe TV, bidet (for those who like those things), aircon, safe, working iron, plenty of closet space, and hairdryer. Recommended without reservation.	
Jul 2 2009 	Beautiful Common Areas Rooms Need Upgrades	I stayed here for a conference along with other conference colleagues. Frankly, of the rooms I saw, mine was the best. The big advantage of the rooms were that they were, in fact, big. At least by London standards! The bathrooms were nice and large, too. The room's decor was a bit on the shabby side, really in need of some refreshing touches. Also, major tip: If you're placed over any public area, you will hear external noise, particularly during good weather, as crowds gather in this area. The restaurant and bar were very nice, the service good, and the elegance of the common areas harken back to a wonderful history. Keep the common areas the way they are, but a refresh to the rooms would make this a gem. I recommend this hotel more for its larger rooms, excellent location, and very good food and wine.	
Jun 29 2009 	Comfortable Hotel in a Terrific Location	This was not a business trip for once. I'd managed to buy three tickets to Oliver! and wanted a hotel within walking distance of theatreland, Covent Garden and Embankment and selected the Charing Cross Hotel initially for its location. I booked the rooms the afternoon before arrival via the Hotel's own website which offered an outstanding rate of just under £80 for bed and breakfast. I booked three rooms and admit to having my fingers crossed when we checked in at 2.30pm the next day. I need not have worried. Check in was swift and very courteous; all three rooms were perfect for our need - very clean, very comfortable large beds, good sized bathrooms. Each room had air conditioning that could be set to suit - although the windows opened as well for fresh air. The one smoker was delighted to have a room where smoking was permitted and was happy to sacrifice a river view. I was concerned that it may be noisy, being so close to the station, but not at all. Our rooms ( two on 6th floor; 604 with two windows and a view over roof tops to the Thames and 608 with one window with a view over roof tops to the Thames and one on 3rd floor) were all very quiet.We were asked if we had reservations for dinner and helpfully offered assistance should we need anything. We had a wonderful stroll into Covent Garden and then back to the Hotel to change for dinner - see separate review for Sarastro.After the show - Rowan Atkinson's performance as Fagin was wonderful and well supported by an excellent company - we strolled around the area enjoying the atmosphere and back to the Hotel. We decided on a nightcap in the bar which was very busy, but we didn't have long to wait to be served although it took longer to pay for the drinks!Breakfast next day was excellent. We all had enjoyed a good night's sleep and were refreshed. Again service was swift and courteous. Great fresh coffee and tea and plenty of it! The breakfast buffet was well stocked an regularly replenished. It was a very relaxing breakfast service.Check out was easy and the concierge happily stored our luggage for us, collection of which was equally troublefree.We got a terrific rate for this hotel and were more than happy with the stay. The location of the Charing Cross Hotel is exceptional especially for theatreland and Covent Garden.We'd all recommend the hotel to friends and would be happy to stay there again ourselves.	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Just returned from 2 day stay. Booked a delux room including breakfast and wine, which set us back £330, not bad at all for a very central 4 star. We had 2 views of street, looking up towards Trafalga sq. London main sights right at hand, Hungerford bridge, i minute London eye, 3 minutes big men 5 minutes.Breakfast was very nice indeed, fresh cooked and nice service. Hotel is quite grand and well maintained, staff are very pleasant and service is good.Rooms spacious, well maintained and stylish.Only had coffee and cakes so cant comment on the menue.Went for Bistro meal to Palm Court , recommended.	
Jun 20 2009 	Fantastic amazing great value would go again!	What a fantastic hotel, real luxury -little to touches like candles lit throughout reception and front corridor in evening. Fantastic breakfast and lovely surroundings. Staff extremely friends, could'nt do enough for us. Very central location for shows and Buckingham Palace. I would definately go again.	
Jun 14 2009 	Nice hotel shame about the service !!	Central location of hotel excellent for sightseeing, literally 5 mins walk from Trafalgar Square. Check in fuss free and efficient. Room a bit on the small side but with everything you need during your stay. Clean and tidy, the only minor quibble being that they cleaned the room at tea time, sometimes as late as 5pm. This is not what you need after a day's sightseeing on foot, having to leave the room while they clean it !!Breakfast ! Where do we start?First two days of our stay were good, with a basic choice but tasty. Tea and coffee served a cup at a time and by the waiter (when it was served at all). You basically had to catch their eye to get a cup of tea and sometimes they didn't bother coming over at all !Breakfast on day three was a joke, we were one of three couples in the &quot;conservatory&quot;, none of whom were offered tea or coffee because the waitress was too &quot;busy&quot; attending to a gentleman we later found out was her father. She hardly left his table at all during our breakfast, at which time none of the tables had been cleared and all of the guests were ignored. Could it get any worse?Oh yes !! Day four was a farce, the tables had been pushed so close together that we may as well have been on a table for twelve, having to move everytime someone next to you wanted to fight their way through to the buffet....and surprise surprise no tea or coffee offered. Not the standards you'd expect from a supposed &quot;4 star&quot; hotel.When we finally left the breakfast room there was a queue of around thirty people waiting to be seated.Hotel itself was clean, tidy and excellent location in central London but badly let down by it's breakfast service. If they want guests to return....they need to sort it out !!	
Jun 3 2009 	Highly Ok	Got a surprise deal on priceline. Hotel was ok not bad at all but looked better on pictures	
May 22 2009	Excellent Location / Beautiful Hotel	Stayed in the Charing Cross Hot London for the May bank holiday weekend. Myself and my sister brought my mam over to see a show for her Birthday. (Savoy Theatre) She felt so spoilt when she saw the Hotel. The location for the Theatre disctrict was perfect, only a couple of minutes walk from the Hotel. The hotel is beautiful, listed building, old fashioned. There was 3 of us so we asked for an extra bed to be put in the room as the did not have a triple. The room wsa huge, even with the 3rd bed there was plenty of room. The room was lovely, bathroom excellent. Absolutely no complaints about the room. The breakfast was a buffet with plenty to choose from, cereals, fruit, yogarts, fry up toast, all lovely. It is a hugh hotel so I can see how people complained about q's for the brekkie. But I have to say we only had a 5 minute wait one moring the other mornings no problem at all. The location of the hotel is perfect for sightseeing. Right beside Trafalgar Sq. The hop on hop off bus was just outside to the left so that was great to get the sight seeing in. Plenty of resturants very near by. We drank in the Hotel Bar one night but found it to be a bit expensive. £6.50 for a Vodka before you even bought your mixer! !!!I would definatley stay in the Charing Cross hotel.	
May 21 2009 	Fur coat - no knickers!	I've always admired this hotel from afar but, I live in London and have no reason to stay in London hotels. After a late night out my friend and I decided to spend some money and stay over in town. My travel service found a last minute booking at the Charing Cross Hotel - junior suite for the price of a standard double.The building is impressive, especially the grand staircase. Staff were welcoming and check-in was efficient. The room itself was large and pleasant, with two large windows overlooking Charing Cross. Considering the location the room was well insulated from noise. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom clean.However, there was no room service menu and nothing in the mini-bar except two small bottles of water and no indication of wether these were chargable. On inspecting the bed I discovered stains on the sheets which should have been noticed by room service. I've no doubt the sheets were 'clean' but still a rather unpleasant experience. It was late and we were tired so we ignored it. The sofa and chair in the seating area were also grubby. We decided to order breakfast in our room and wanted to complete the breakfast request to put on the door before 2am. There was no pen, or come to think of it, folder with hotel information. I called reception for a pen and it appeared within a few minutes.Breakfast arrived on time, but by the time it made it to our room ithe hot items were cold. The coffee was like tar and again was cold. Most irritatingly, the yoghurt was in a breakfast bowl with two side plates on top and it was difficult to know that it contained anything. Alas the yoghurt ended up spilled over the bathrobe and carpet!The hotel is ok and the price we paid for the Junior Suite was probably what it was worth. I'd have been very disappointed if I'd paid the rack-rate. When I arrived home and saw the emailed itinerary from my travel service, I noticed that breakfast had been included in the rate, but the hotel had billed it as an extra.I'd stay again, but only at the right price. They need to sort out the details, as it's those that often make the difference.	
May 15 2009	Well situated for tube/train/bus links and Trafalgar Square. Clean and comfortable.	Well positioned for Charing Cross rail station (next door) and tube station (opposite). Buses stop right outside to various destinations. Trafalgar square is a couple of minutes walk away. Maybe 10 - 15 mins walk to Leicester Square.The pictures on the website and the reception area of the hotel are misleading. I did not feel this hotel was up to 4 stars. I picked the hotel primarily because ofits location and the 4 stars. The trip was an 80th birthday surprise for my mum with my sister and I. The hotel was fully booked (apparently) so I could sort of understand our rooms not being next to each other even though the 2 rooms were requested in 1 booking. In fact we were in seperate buildings. We let mum have the double bed to herself and found her room to be clean and modernly furnished but very pokey. Our twin room was larger, clean and comfortable. The decor was perhaps dated but I think more in keeping with the age of the building. Both rooms were for 2 people but there were only towels out for 1 person and only 1 bottle each of shampoo and conditioner and 1 bar of soap. Yes you could request extra toiletries and the other towels were in the wardrobe but it felt like we were being discouraged from using or requesting these items.From our twin room we could hear a lot of noise from the street below although mum's room seemed peaceful enough.We didn't eat in the hotel but had a drink in the bar staffed by a young guy who was complaining about having to work late and that he'd been mugged twice on his way home recently. Yes it is bad that that should have happened to him but guests don't want to hear your troubles and hotel management don't want you to frighten the guests!While the location was very good I feel the hotel was overpriced and not up to the standard I expected for a 4 star hotel.	
May 9 2009 	Ideal location	Stayed for 2 nights with friends. We found this hotel to be fine. The staff were all friendly &amp; helpful, the breakfast both hot and cold choices were plentiful. I suppose the choice of cold meats &amp; cheese was quite limited, but there was so much food to choose from I defy any but the most awkward of customers to be disappointed. My only real gripe was that I found the bed particularly hard &amp; the pillows were synthetic as oppose to feather, so not to my liking, but I still managed to sleep well. There was also some work going on outside the hotel front which was a bit noisy, but that's not the hotels fault.The location is perfect for accessing anywhere, right nex to the tube stations of Charing Crosss &amp; Embankment. Easy walking distance of the river,Trafalgar Square,Covent Garden &amp; Leicester Square etc. We also walked to Tate Modern which was a nice stroll along the Thames, about half an hour. Yes, I'd say it was a good place to stay.	
Apr 29 2009 	Poor service not a four star - don't waste your money!	The public areas of the hotel are very misleading .....the smell of fresh flowers greets you, the Reception area is large and lavish, and the sweeping staircases all create a favourable impression upon arrival. Sadly, it's all fur coat and no pants! Unfortunately, my room turned out to be a huge disappointment. I have travelled quite extensively and this is the smallest room I've ever stayed in! The room contained one bed - a 3 ft single, even though our company has a contract for &quot;double rooms for sole occupancy&quot;. The room proportions were positively claustrophobic, it was literally 10 foot wide at most, long and narrow with a woefully inadequate window allowing hardly any natural light into the room, and with an unpleasant view of offices and rooftops..... There was no bin, which meant I had to put any rubbish/tea bags, etc into the bin in the bathroom. Little details you come to expect of a four star hotel were sadly lacking - no shower cap or body lotion, no pen or pencil, no biscuits or hot chocolate and no mini bar/fridge. There was an ice bucket but ice is only available from Room Service as there are no ice making machines on the landings as you might expect. Worst of all, I discovered a discarded cigarette lighter under the TV unit - so much for it being a non-smoking hotel, and it doesn't say much for the standards of cleaning when a clearly visible item has been left lying on the floor by a previous occupant! There was no room service menu or hotel information folder in my room. Having been to the theatre and arriving quite late, I wanted to order something to eat so rang Room Service and requested a menu. The menu never materialised - I can only assume it was too much trouble to deliver one to my room - so I went hungry as it was too late to eat by the time I'd have had to chase it up. For the princely sum of £140 the standard of service and facilities are shameful. I won't be staying here again, and will provide negative feedback to the booking agent that our company utilises in the hope that none of my colleagues are allocated the broom cupboard that was given to me! In summary, tiny room, lack of attention to detail, slovenly cleaning standards, dreadful customer service. I've stayed in bettter three star hotels, so I'd say save your money and stay elsewhere! There's plenty of choice in London and this place doesn't deserve your custom!	
Apr 20 2009 	Great location and staff	Walking distance to most of London sites. The hotel is hugh so our room was quite a walk from the &quot;lifts&quot;, but nice well appointed room. Staff were not locals but sis the best they could. Which they had more info about getting VAT back. But did have good info for day excursions out of town.On morning the room above us we loud with alot of pacing about which showed that the ceilings do not provide much a noise barrier.Best thing about this hotel is it is clean with great location for local touring and for train to day trips out of town.One hassel about London generally is that you need to pay for internet everywhere, including the hotel. That is a hassle since you need to watch your time.	
Apr 12 2009 	Very disappointing	I stayed here last week, I found the reception to be very lovely, but my room was very disappointing, whilst it was large it needed modernising and the bathroom felt old and dirty, i'd had a long day and really fancied a bath but couldn't bring myself to take one!The bed also had some kind of plastic under-sheet on which meant I just felt quite hot and sweaty. The breakfast was late in the morning which made me late, and there were items missing from my order - quite poor considering I had already paid.	
Apr 7 2009 	The location is fantastic but the hotel is not	I have stayed here twice on business both times because of its location and I have been disappointed. The reception staff are surly and it seems to take ages to check in. While the reception areas, staircase, bar and restaurant are all well decorated and kept clean they are in contrast to the rooms. The rooms have old torn wallpaper and the 2nd time I stayed the room was tiny. It also had a very badly cracked sink and the toilet didn’t flush properly, I reported this on checkout and the receptionist really didn’t care.Small touches are not appropriate for a 4 star hotel. E.g. the toilet paper is like that tracing paper stuff that they made you use at school. There is only one bar of soap and one small shower gel (which looks like it has been re-filled) in each room. The towels are very old, hard and grey. The mini bar is empty (except for 2 bottles of water but there is no sign to tell you how much it is) and the wifi is expensive.Breakfast starts too late for a business hotel and the standard is not great. They refused to take breakfast off the bill even though the first time I stayed I was clearly checking out before it even started. When I was checking out it was clear that the person next to me was complaining vociferously but the receptionist simply handed him a customer satisfaction questionnaire.Overall the star rating of this hotel is too generous, if they took about 30% off the price and admitted it is a 3 star it would be OK.	
Mar 30 2009 	Location great but hotel standards poor	This hotel promises a lot on the swanky Guoman website. The Guoman brand vision speaks of &quot;designer bedrooms&quot;, &quot;sumptuous dining&quot; and &quot;up to the minute technology&quot;, the Charing Cross fails on all counts. This is a somewhat tired Thistle, and changing the name over the door doesn't instantly transform the hotel. I was offered an upgrade, as everyone is, and accepted a Junior Suite with a bottle of wine for £35. Having given the room a once over however I went back to the desk to take an Executive Room for £20 instead as the standard of the Junior Suite wasn't great. A wall light was hanging off the wall, a couple of lights didn't work, bedside lamps simply didn't exist and generally the furnishings were tired...certainly not a &quot;designer bedroom&quot;. Reception didn't have an Executive Room available so offered to reduce my upgrade to £20 for the Junior Suite which I accepted.Service wasn't wonderful at the hotel. The complimentary wine arrived only after being requested a number of times and on the final request still took over half an hour to arrive.Breakfast however was something else as this hotel barely has a restaurant. The room simply isn't big enough and the way around this seems simply to cram in as many tables as possible. When you add a cramped room with a self-service buffet you do not create a relaxing morning meal! The &quot;exceptional standard of comfort and service&quot; amounted to standing in line to get a cup of coffee as even this is self-service! Whilst I don't object to getting my own coffee, I manage it in my own kitchen at home most days, I do object to doing this when I'm supposed to be enjoying a luxurious stay at a world class hotel.Overall I can't recommend this hotel as the great location simply doesn't outweigh the many failings of the property. There are plenty of other options in a similar price bracket (the Charing Cross is certainly not cheap) which offer higher standards.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great stay in a great hotel!	We used to live in London and now visit 2 or 3 times a year. We have stayed in many hotels in and around the city, including the usual 5stars like The Langham and The Kempinski. The Charing Cross offered all that these hotels do and with the location added in it was spot on, we will be booking again for our next stay. The service we received was fantastic, no sullen staff or rudeness as other reviewers mention, and at breakfast we were seated immediately and were treated courteously at all times. We upgraded our room to a suite and we will do this again if we get the chance, loads of room and as we were visiting predominantly to do the theatres and shop, a sitting area was a fab added bonus that we utilised every time we were in the room!! Check in and out were easy, and quick ,and the bill pleasingly small to boot!!!	
Mar 15 2009 	Great location friendly staff	Stayed here for 4 nights for sightseeing trip. Location excellent right on tube line. 2minute walk to Trafalgar Square.West End, Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, Millenium Wheel, Buckingham Palace all nearby.Dozens of Chinese restaurants in Leicester Square area , would recommend Golden Dragon.Coal Hole Pub on the Strand ( turn right out of the hotel 5 min. walk) great selection of real ales.Hotel was great value, buffet breakfast very good, staff all very helpful and friendly, room clean, crisp white sheets and fluffy towels, small empty fridge in room, handy as M&amp;S food shop right next to hotel for stock up on wine and snacks. Only down side was that the room was tiny but we didn't go to London to sit in the room so it wasn't a major problem. Going back next year to do more shows and will definately stay here again.	
Mar 13 2009 	In the Heart of London	Central hotel within easy walking of Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, The Enbankment, London Eye in fact all the sights. Myself and a friend stayed in a twin room in the Buckingham Wing, lovely room, clean bathroom, soft towels, comfy beds, fridge, safe, hairdryer, tea/coffee maker and best of all a full English breakfast included in the price, ok so you had to wait but the queue soon went down and the breakfast was worth waiting for. An ideal base,a tip, if like us you want a quick but lovely meal before the theatre then the Ha Ha bar just around the corner from the hotel serves lovely food and nice wines ideal to get in the mood for a night in London. Another tip if also like us you are off to the 02 for a concert then walk across the Jubilee Bridge to the London Eye where you can get on the London Clipper Boat service which takes you direct to the 02 ( no stops, £8 return ) an ideal way to get to the 02 without queing and the same coming back, while everyone else is struggling to get on the tube at the end of a concert you can walk down and get on the clipper to go back to the London Eye with ease, walking back over the Jubilee Bridge at 12.00 whilst Big Ben was chiming was magical, if you want to make the most of your time in London then this central hotel is a great base.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great hotel for a theatre break weekend	My husband and I have stayed in this hotel a number of times now.We like to go to the theatre and stay over night and this hotel is ideal for this.Rooms are clean, nicely furnished with tea and coffee making facilities.We have always been offered an upgrade but have never done so as we arequite happy with the standard room which they call &quot;delux&quot;You have to time your breakfast well. We have discovered if you go about 8.15amyou walk straight in. The breakfast is not bad by any means.We have seen really long queues of people on our way out so we know it is bestto go earlier than later.This hotel is in a great location. Near to all the threatres, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Trafalgar square etc., If you want a good hotel this is it. We are going back at the end of March to see another show.Our only complaint and yes there does have to be one - the service in the Bar is terrible and considering what they charge you for a drink it should be great.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great location but with faults	Booked a weekend theatre break with this hotel included. Was very pleased with location and room - we took an upgrade for £20. The room was great, overlooking St Martins, National Gallery and Trafalgar square (room 420) very clean, large and recently refurbished - couldn't fault it.We only ate breakfast and this is where problems start - the wait for a table was 20mins and when we went passed a bit later was easily 45mins. The food was a bit so -so as well. Best to eat over the road in a cafe for £6-95 for a full english!The bar was part of the breakfast lounge - way too small and the prices!!! £18 for two drinks (spirits with a mixer) - this is included a compulsory £2 TIP. I would go back because location is fantastic - within walking distance to so many things and so many eating places but wouldn't eat or drink there!!!	
Mar 4 2009 	Excellent location but lacks personal touch.	Booked on line as part of a theatre break with tickets for 'Oliver' included. Chose hotel for location &amp; wasn't disappointed, excellent for walking to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Houses of Parliament etc.Downsides were the signage outside made the hotel difficult to spot. The queue for brekafast was totally unacceptable &amp; the hotel attempt to off load this problem by handing you a letter when you check in advising you to go to breakfast early so you don't waste your valuable leisure time ! We had a drink in the lounge area in the evening but then had breakfast in the same room the following morning - it's a vast building so what are they doing with all the space ?	
Mar 3 2009 	Guoman Charing Cross - great location!	Good Central Hotel Stayed at The Charing Cross for an anniversary weekend 27.02.09 for 2nts. Hotel position is the best right on the strand and handy for all attractions. Have stayed before as a Thistle Hotel and find now that it is owned by Guoman chain some things have changed. We took an 'Executive Double' room which promised extra space, free soft drinks and complimentary toiletries. The free soft drinks were one plain and one sparkling water, and no little biscuits or snacks with the tea &amp; coffee. Our fridge hadn't been cleaned out &amp; had the last residents dregs of wine in a bottle (room 358). But what was particularly mean and a small thing to a big hotel chain like Guoman was the lack of toiletries and extras in the bathrooms - not even a face cloth..! One tiny low brand shampoo and one tiny body wash product for 2 nights. No conditoner, no make-up wipes or as I just said face cloths. In booking an executive room it doesn't make you feel very pampered.Room service means a £5 'Tray Charge' which I find ridiculous in British Hotels especially of this size.This is a great hotel with wonderful buffet breakfast and the best location, I did enjoy my stay but Guoman group need to put on a few more wee touches to make it slightly more luxurious for it's 4 star rating.	
Feb 18 2009 	will never book this again	I am travelling a lot for work and this hotel is really the first one that I would never book again. The whole appearance, service and quality of the rooms don't match with the 4 to 5 star accomodation they would like to be!!Very old rooms: wallpaper was coming of the walls, bathroom dirty with stains. etc.single glas windows lots of noise also from other rooms/floors.Breakfast not organised long line to actually get seated, not a lot of varieties of food. Things did not get replaced so lots of things where not on the buffet like orange juice waited for 30 min and still did not get anything. Unfriendly people that don't know what they are doing. The only one that helped with several things was Tony the congierge.I booked via internet and the hotel from the subsciption looked fine, unfortunately this wasn't the case only positive thing is the location. People please take this in mind book another one. I'd rather pay a bit more to get value for money!	
Feb 4 2009 	Can't hide its age	Like an earlier reviewer I suffered from noise from the room above (creaky and un sound proofed floor) which woke me at 3.00 in the morning for 15 minutes. My colleague in a different room some way from mine was also disturbed in the night by very noisy neighbours.That's the problem with a refurbed hotel.Breakfast was very average in terms of choice. Usual trays below heat lights, so not very appetising if it's sat there for long.I stayed here only because I was booked in by a client. For the price and comfort and quiet you can find a lot better.Room decor etc fine - but because of the internal noise I would not stay here from choice.	
Jan 28 2009	very bad food and customer service was worst i have ever come across	It was my wife's birthday and took her to Charring Cross hotel, others had said its not very good but i still thought ill find out myself. The customer service is very bad and the food was even worse, the room was dirty and when complained they didnt want to know. We paid well over the odds and aswel and i would recommend anyone thinking of going to the Charring Cross hotel to seriously think hard about it as it was really that bad. Happy Holidays Everyone.	
Jan 18 2009 	Brilliant location for theatre trip	Review of Charing Cross Hotel by Welsh Trip Advisor member I booked the pre theatre dinner package through the hotel website inc glass of champagne for our theatre trip this weekend.Pros: The location is excellent especially if like us you enjoy visiiting the National Gallery, and Portrait Gallery,as these are just a couple of minutes away from the hotel. The hotel was only a short distance on the Northern Line from Euston and an easy six minute walk from the Duchess theatre.I was careful to ask for a room in a quieter part of the hotel and in the main building (having read other reviews) and we were given a room overlooking the Thames . The room was an executive one and was roomy and quiet. The staircase is magnificent and the overall feel of the hotel is good.The dinner in the restaurant was fine but not exceptional, the views from the terrace towards the National Gallery were inviting. , The staff were courteous. Overall the hotel was as expected,in a good location and reasonably well run.Cons:Staff seemed busy offering upgrades as soon as people walked in off the street ! I was already paying a premium for our pre theatre package so they did'nt hassle me.The decor in our room was a little dated. The bathroom had minimal extras such as shampoo and bath foam etc, it was however very clean.I was disappointed to have to ask for the inclusive glasses of champagne with our meal especially as the stay was a treat for my husbands birthday! It did'nt exactly get the evening off to a good start when we had to wait for the manager to check whether the champagne was part of the deal !!! The quality of food was good but not outstanding for the price . The service was good at dinner but poor at breakfast. We did not have to queue but noticed that others did and the staff were not particularly welcoming and friendly. My husband was a little put off by the mould on the bread he was about to toast but this was quickly replaced by a fresh loaf ! I had to ask for staff to replenish the fruit salad bowl. There were a number of staff around but not checking as carefully as they could when food was running out.Overall it is worth a return visit because of the location but I would not book dinner, just look at this site for recommended places to eat in the vicinity. The hotel is fine and we had an enjoyable experience but it does not appear to &quot;go the extra mile for it's guests&quot;	
Jan 12 2009 	spoilt by breakfast arrangements	great hotel location for all central London theatres, shopping etc and very easy to find from underground and overground stations.We upgraded room which was spacious, clean and well maintained. The only down side was the breakfast arrangements. Breakfast was served in a small conference room off the main dining room and the tables were squashed in like a school canteen in rows, as all the breakfast was self-service it was quite a sqash to negotiate past the tables. Otherwise the food was excellent but we had to wait in a queue to be seated.	
Jan 6 2009 	Perfect location and superior accommodation	Booked this hotel to be close to Drury Lane as I was taking my daughter to see Oliver. I have stayed in many London hotels and this far exceeded the others in all areas - including the fact that, despite being next to the station, we didn't hear one train!In terms of location, the hotel was perfect: we walked across the Jubilee Footbridge from Waterlloo station (about 15 minutes to the hotel from there) and we were very pleased with our room on the 5th floor. Very clean and comfortable and excellent public areas and pleasant staff. Also worth noting is that there is an M&amp;S food just outside and also numerous shops inside the station, as well as the whole of the Strand and Covent Garden.Covent Garden is a short walk up the Strand and even Picadillly is within a 20 minute stroll.To sum up, delightful hotel with great furnishing and attention to detail, (pretty scented candles in the hallways in the evening) clean and well maintained and I would recommend it without hesitating.	
Jan 5 2009	Over priced with un-attentive staff	At £150/room/night you would think this would be a reasonable hotel. While the rooms and areas appear to have been mordernised, the attitude of the staff dates back to the early eighties. Staff in the bar were rude, and at reception only intent on trying to sell an upgrade to a Junior Suite (probably because they knew the room they'd allocated would not be suitable give its pokey size! This could be a great hotel if they didn't rip you off in the bar or treat you like cattle at breakfast (which wasn't up to much so if you get the chance, book a rate without breakfast and fins one of the many reasonably priced cafe's nearby for good honest English Fayre). For £30 more i could have booked the Waldorf up the road - next time I will.	
Dec 25 2008 	good hotel for a citytrip	stayed here with my parents last weekend and one couldn't ask for more.pro's :1) location: lot of sites are within walking distance. otherwise there is a tubestation and a lot of busstops to get you everywhere.2) rooms are clean and modern decorated. they are not big but not too small either. i had a single room and it had a table with chair, a big study with a flatscreen. the bathroom had a bath.3)all the staff were very friendly and nothing was too much4)big breakfast with everything you could ask for set in a very nice ballroom...con's :1) one morning we had no hot water2) no christmas tree or big decorations (minor issue)all in all if you can get a good bargain this hotel is a good choice for a weekend london	
Dec 23 2008 	Better than I was expecting...	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on a busy Friday night in December for a family party nearby. My husband arrived before me and checked in, and rang me to say the standard room was awful, small, dark and musty. Bad start.When his parents arrived shortly after, they were offered an upgrade to a junior suite for £35 which they took, and we decided to do the same, and although I did not see the first room, apparently the difference was astounding!! The new room (in the main building this time - not over the bridge in the annex) was huge, had a lounge area with double sofa and 2 armchairs, two large windows, massive bed, walk in closest area, dressing table, desk, and hall. I was impressed. For an extra £35 it was definitely worth it - ask for it if you are not offered on arrival. The room was bright, modern but cosy and I was really happy to be spending the night there. With the upgrade, you also get a free bottle of wine. We got our bottle, the parents didn't. The room was on the 3rd floor, and although we faced the Strand, we were not disturbed at all with the traffic noise, sirens etc. A peaceful sleep. On first impression, the bathroom was also great, it was large with separate walk-in shower cubicle, bath, large sink etc. Unfortunately the shower was only pumping out mildy warm water, but the bath was hot. I phoned down to reception straight away to complain, but they did not pick up! We had to head straight out to dinner and didn't have time to wait around to get it seen to. In the morning, we still had no hot shower water, the dial on the shower didn't seem to turn far enough for the hot water. We then discovered in our parents room, they had a red button you have to push in to turn the dial further round. Our shower did not have the red button!!! We told reception when we checked out and they said all showers should have the button. I wish we had complained the night before but we didn't have time and hoped the hot water problem was going to be a one-off occurrence.Breakfast was ok...expected more choice but the dining room was nice and we were sat in the conservatory area which was great. The buffet had run out of fried eggs and had to wait about 15 mins for a fresh batch which was a bit annoying , and then only brought about 8 new ones from the kitchen, which went in 2 mins. The staff didn't seem to know what was going on and it generally seemed disorganised.Overall a good stay but definitely complain immediately if you don't have any hot water! Would I stay here again - probably not as many other hotels in same price range worth a try - e.g Sofitel.	
Dec 18 2008 	Location isn't everything	Yes, this hotel does have a great location, but there are issues. Firstly, it's hard to get a quiet room here, because it's located on a main road and next to a busy railway station. I also had heavy footsteps from the room above. Worse still, is the dingy annex over the road which is accessed from the first floor. If they offer you a room there, think again.The food is only okay and both times I've stayed here the service has been slow in the Terrace Restaurant. Why are there only two staff here? The main function rooms/public areas are large and baronial...but cold.	
Dec 15 2008 	great location for theatre land	My Wife and I have just spent four nights at this hotel and enjoyed our stay, we were on the sixth floor and the only problem we encountered was the shower, it would go from red hot to freezing cold and back to normal every 30 seconds or so. we did notify the hotel and hopefully that problem will now be rectified.on the positive side the hotel is perfectly located for theatre land and all the usual london attractions, and it doesnt get any better for using the tube !!! all in all a pleasant hotel to be recommended.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great location but needs work	I spent four nights there on a business trip, along with three colleagues.  The positives: It's ideally located, right next to the tube (metro), and ten minutes walk from Big Ben, the Parliament bldg, the &quot;Eye&quot;, and 10 Downing Street. The complimentary breakfast is Full English buffet, meaning scrambled and poached eggs, sausages, bacon, fruit, cold cereal, toast, juices, tea and coffee. It's a fabulous meal in a nice setting. The rooms are reasonably sized for London, as is the bathroom. The lobby is decent, and the hotel decor is nice, while that in the rooms is decent. The negatives: All four of us had problems with the room temperatures. It was way too hot, and the thermostats don't work properly. The beds have sheet/comforters (sort of like a double sheet pillowcase with warmer material in between) on them, which would be fine if the room was cold, but when it's warm, I like my individual top sheet. I ordered one sent up, and it lasted two nights before the maid removed it and I had to order it again. Same thing happened the last night. All four were challenged by the TV system (you can't turn it on from the remote until you have turned on the wall power switch and the TV power switch. The charge to call the U.S. is something like $7.50 for the first minute, and $5 for each additional minute. There are two computers in a room off the lobby, but you must also pay for that. Someone pulled the fire alarm in the middle of the night one night, but I guess the hotel can't be accountable for that. All in all, seems like it could be a nice hotel if they ironed out the kinks and didn't try to gouge the customer with the phone and computer charges.	
Nov 23 2008 	excellent hotel	stayed at charing cross hotel for our 30th wedding anniversary we had a fantastic time room excellent ,breakfast excellent ,staff could't do enough for us. hotel very clean and in a excellent position would stay again	
Nov 16 2008	Good Location for Tourists	I work in London and sometimes have to stay over if I'm attending late night functions. Some Central London Hotels - even expensive ones - are quite disappointing. However, The Charing Cross Hotel was rather grand, clean and comfortable - and in a good location, especially for visitors to the city.Within walking distance of Covent Garden, Leicester Square, the National Gallery, Trafalgar Square, The Mall &amp; Parliament Square, it really is ideally located. I was worried that it might be noisy - especially as Villiers Street (leading down to Embankment Tube and the river) can get very busy at night. However, it was pretty quiet. The room was slightly gaudy (too many floral patterns for my taste) but the bed was comfortable and the room was clean. The bathroom was also a good size.Breakfast was very good, and served in the 1st Floor terrace with good views over The Strand and Trafalgar Square. The staff were very courteous and helpful, both during check-in and in the restaurant.Overall, I'd say that the Charing Cross Hotel is a safe hotel to book if you are visiting London and want somewhere comfortable and in easy reach of most of the obvious tourist destinations of London.	
Nov 14 2008 	Factually Centrally Located Sadly Not Impressed	Arrived at 1:30pm when checkin was at 2pm, after an overnight flight from the States. Front desk staff (Marius) was rude and arrogant. The hotel had a line of guests checking in half hour before the &quot;official time&quot;, they were getting checked in and receiving room keys. I was told my room was not ready yet and to wait in a chair in the lobby until it was. Who are they joking with the UK economy in shambles, not a single superior room was available anywhere in their hotel 30 minutes before check-in? I had meetings I was already late to. I was told they could check me into a lesser category that was available but would have to charge the same price. Other front desk staff were offering room upgrades for a minimum GBP40 charge. After seeing this I went back up to the desk and paid the GBP40 charge to upgrade to a Junior Suite, which just happened to be ready. The upgrade came with a pullout sofa with ripped cushion, stains on the other chairs and two desks and a bed, all jammed into a tiny room. Oh, and a bottle of wine. TV was at best a 15&quot; screen and hard to see from where they placed it in the room. No CNBC no premium channels. Mini bar was a facade. Inside were only 2 water bottles and a big empty dirty fridge. I was on 4th floor of this 6 story hotel, and since the hotel is above a major train station, it did not get quiet until 2am atleast, and the noise started again at 5am. Maybe this is why they included a bottle of wine in this upgrade package? Since I never received the bottle of wine, it was difficult to sleep. Upon check-out they removed only GBP5 for not delivering the bottle of wine with the upgrade package I had purchased for GBP40. Perhaps they should have refunded the whole upgrade fee. Was that GBP5 for a wine bottle or a water bottle?Would never stay at this hotel again for business. Seems to me this hotel earns most revenue from hourly guests (given right above a train station and wine offer)and unsuspecting tourists, who probrably will not be back. If you are coming to UK as a tourist there are plenty of much better hotels in this price range around the same area, and the Strand and Charing Cross Station area gets a bit shady at night. If you are staying on business, make sure your firm never books you here.	
Nov 9 2008 	Recommended	Great location within walking distance of theatres and Covent Garden. Pleasant room and really lovely area for breakfast. The only minor thing that could have been better is that, as usual, hotels seem incapable of serving tea that is hot as opposed to lukewarm. Everything else was excellent.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great Hotel - Awesome Location!	On our trip for the NFL International game - Chargers vs Saints - we had a large group coming together from all over Europe. I wanted us to be central in London, but also affordable. By booking ahead with Lynn in the Thistle booking center we were able to do both. This hotel is so strategically located for travelers it is worth twice what we actually paid. Tube - Train - Cabs - Buses - Walking, it covers all modes. We didn't have to take a cab the whole time we were there since most things were within walking distance, or the tube was right underneatht the hotel. And the hotel itself was a wonderfully built and run operation. My room - they upgraded me for free to an &quot;executive&quot; room, was large and well laid out. My friend from Sweden chose a slightly less expensive hotel and said my bathroom was almost larger than his entire room! Unusual for London, and very much appreciated. The staff were extremely helpful throughout our stay and the cleaning staff were done with the room before I could finish breakfast! The breakfast buffet (included in our rate) was very good and complete - an easy way to start the touring day. When I'm back in London this will be my only option for a hotel - if it isn't broken, why try to fix it! Thanks Charing Cross!	
Oct 15 2008 	great location	Stayed for one night and can throughly recommend this hotel. Great location; staff were very friendly, helpful and professional; offered an upgrade for £20 and got an executive room on a high floor with a view of the London Eye and Big Ben. Returned to the hotel after a night out and the entire main hallway, staircase and tables were covered in scented tea lights!! It looked and smelt beautiful.	
Oct 11 2008 	superb location	when we arrived to the hotel we upgraded to the junior suite it has been the best hotel experience i have had in london the room was spacious warm and comforable could not fault it at all you get a free bottle of wine with the upgrade and mini bar is free soft drinks only though hotel staff very pleasent and willing to help breakfast was good to plenty of choice and nice and hot also. when you go outside covent garden to your right trafalgar square and picadilly to your left embankment and london eye behind you perfect location .tube station below you but no noise at all .did not want to leave if you visit london stay here you wont regret it . stayed for 2 nights 4th to 6th of oct 2008 cant say enough about this hotel but it was quality nice touch on the saturday night we stayed the stair case all lit up with tee lights and also main area downstairs beautiful cant wait to stay again michael and debbie belfast	
Sep 25 2008	Very let down	We were not in the main part of the hotel, our room was over a walkway in another building. The room was very tired, dark and dingy, and really noisy at night as we were over a pub. We felt very let down and felt we should've been notified that our booking was not for the main hotel.  We were asked if we wanted to upgrade our room on arrival but it would've been another £55 per night. Is this why we weren't put in the main building? (We had paid £280 for two nights already).The only consolation was that the location was central and we could walk to where we wanted to go.	
Sep 24 2008 	Brilliant!	Went here with my husband and friends for our friend's birthday.On arrival we were offered an upgrade to a suite, which we took, it was only a few pounds extra but 'wow'! Would definitely do that again.The hotel, and staff (apart from the Bar) were excellent.Bar: The Staff couldn't really be bothered to bring your drinks to you, left them on the bar, but the extortionate service charge was still added to the bill (this is not a tip as you can add those as extra).Paid first time without noticing, but the second time, no way, called the Bar Manager over to explain what the service charge was for (2.50 per round), he couldn't give a good reason so took the bill away and brought another over without the charge!The Hotel is very clean, not run down, the breakfast very good, all in all a very good stay and will go there again.PS just read the review about the bed bugs? Not sure if he is talking about the same hotel!	
Sep 19 2008 	Good place to stay	I stayed two nights at this hotel and was impressed. The location is excellent, close to Trafalgar Square, the rooms are nicely furnished and big enough withut being huge. Helpful staff and excellent breakfast in awesome period dining room.	
Sep 17 2008 	Bed bug problem	I stayed at this hotel for about a week when I was over in London for work.The hotel itself is nice and the decor is fine but the room I stayed in had a serious bed bug problem. At the time I didn't even know bed bugs existed so I really had no idea what on earth was happening to me as there were so many bites it almost looked like I was allergic to something.What angered me after was the fact that the manager at the time didn't know what I had either...but being in the hotel business, I find it hard to believe that the manager has never seen a bed bug case before. All the hotel manager told me to do was go to a Pharmacy to buy some allergy medicine. Upon seeing a doctor when I returned to Canada, I was told that I had a severe cast of bed bug bites and had to take steroids to suppress them for a couple months.This review is a long time coming because for the most part, I just wanted to forget it ever happened. I understand that bed bugs is a problem for hotels everywhere no matter how many stars. However, I simply did not appreciate how they handled my situation. I did in the end, settled the matter with their insurance company.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great Stay!	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in August 2008. Picked the hotel based on reviews from Tripadvisor. Our total cost (between two people) and including breakfast was 450 euro, this included a 15% discount from a promotion on the website we booked with (Hotels.com), which I found to be a very good rate for the quality and location.The room, a twin, was small but functional with a large bathroom. It was at the very back of the hotel though and was very tiring walking back there after a long day. It wasn't shabby like some of the other reviwers mention, I was very happy with it. The location of the hotel can't be beaten, everything we were interested was either within wakling distance or a short journey on the tube. When we were feeling lazy, it was easy to pick up a taxi as there were lots outside the hotel too.The only issue I had with the hotel was that they attempted to charge us for breakfast, which we had already prepaid when we booked. I had to show them my printout from hotels.com (luckily I had brought it) before they would accept that. Then on the last day, they tried to charge me again for it, but backed down very quickly. I would definitely return to the hotel when visiting again.	
Sep 11 2008 	Declining the upgrade gets you a smelly toilet	We booked through Lastminute.com for the discount, and when we arrived at registration, they tried hard to sell us an upgrade. When we declined, they gave us the most distant room in the annex, with several turns down a long, empty hall. The first night we discovered that the toilet didn't flush. Instead of a plumber, they sent a man in a tuxedo, who instructed us how to flush their tempermental toilets. They declined to give us another room, so we were stuck with a smelly toilet. The room was large and well-appointed, if a little shabby and musty (perhaps from a tempermental shower?) A scolding sign about keeping the shower curtain inside the tub was inadequate to cope with an out-of-control shower head with a broken support that sprayed full-blast in it's own chosen direction blowing the curtain out of place and sending water into the main room. The concierge and restaurant staff gave excellent service, but the front desk seemed scripted to an anti-service mentality. Charing Cross Hotel is in an excellent location: directly above the tube station of the same name and at a hub for surface buses.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Location	This hotel has an amazing location. It is right above charing cross tube station (but you dont hear any noise from it) and just down the road is embankment tube station.It is very close to all the major attractions, it is 1min from Trafalgar square, 4mins from Leicester square and 7mins from Covent garden, these are all walking distamces. The london eye is just across the river and big ben isnt too far away either.The hotel itself is lovely, the staff are very friendly and helpful and the breakfast is very good!Our room was one of the best we have stayed in, a huge queen size bed which was so comfy, big enough bathroom with bath/shower, flat screen tv and air-conditioning. I would definitely stay here again! The only problem I had with the place was that I couldn't stay longer.	
Sep 2 2008 	Why haven't I stayed here before?	This time I decided to spend a little more money than usually on a hotel in London. Location is important and I like to stay in the area close to Covent Garden. This hotel had very good reviews and I was not disappointed. I stayed here between the 27-30th. August in room 440. Location - It's close to the places I need to attend. Covent Garden and Charing Cross Road are just up the street. I arrived at Stanstead airport form where the train arrives at Liverpool Street Station. From there I can take the Underground to Embankment station and it is a very easy walk to the hotel.If you arrive from Heathrow you need to change once on the underground. The hotel entrance is right beside the entrance to the Charing Cross station so if it rains your hair wouldn't even get wet. Reception - Very helpful and asked if I wanted an upgrade. Room - Two bedroom de-luxe including English breakfast cost a little les than 390 pounds for three days.The room had: TV flatscreen, hot iron, trouser press, safe, tea/coffee making equipment, hairdryer and lights in the wardrobe.The bathroom had separated shower and bath. I was surprised that the hot water was instantly forthcoming.The view out was not the best, but you could see the London Eye.Unfortunately the room was as far away from the lift as humanly possible. The street noise was only noticeable in the morning. There are double glazing windows. As other reviewers have noticed there is some noise from the above room, but it didn't last for long during my stay.Breakfast and restaurant - Nothing was missing during the breakfast. The fresh fruit was mostly melon. If you arrive early you will easily be able to sit in the area overlooking The Strand. I arrived between 06.30-07.00 o'clock and there were not many of us at this early hour. I didn't try the restaurant at other mealtimes.In conclusion - The hotel is certainly not a usual London tourist hotel. It seems more like a conference hotel. The hotel is very elegant and seems well kept. The staircase is huge. At no time did I have to wait for a lift. Every one of the staff I met seemed to be happy to be a part of the hotel.I will certainly stay here again and I recommend it to everybody, especially those who are used to tourist hotels in London. This hotel is far better.	
Aug 25 2008 	VERY OK	Central position, very friendly staff. Clean, large room and very bright. Recommended	
Aug 20 2008 	central and close to everything	This was my first time in London and with so many choice to chose from - I decided on this hotel based on its location and Expedia's special rate. I arrived early (before noon) and was able to check in early. I was offered an upgrade to a junior suite which included a bottle of wine. I took the upgrade and was very pleased with the room on the 5th floor - overlooking the front of the hotel. I stayed for six days - and never experienced any problems with the room or staff. I found everyone very helpful - esp when it came to planning trips throughout the city.Overall, while I would not hesitate to recommend, I much prefer staying in places that are away from tourist areas. It served its purpose as a means to introduce me to the city and the other areas from which I will probably stay. I would recommend this as stopover hotel for those traveling on to other areas - due to its location as being mile '0' ... (from which distances are measured from London).	
Aug 13 2008 	Fantastic Hotel; Great Location	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights (Friday to Monday) for a break away in London. My partner had stayed at this hotel before and had highly recommended it. I booked online via the hotel’s website and managed to obtain a really good deal (£125 per room per night including breakfast). All the hotel staff we came into contact with were very friendly and welcoming. On arrival we were offered a free upgrade to an executive room on the 5th floor. The room was large, modern and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was a good size and had a separate bath and shower. The location was excellent for our needs. Many of our destinations were within walking distance but the tube was on the doorstep if required. Considering the hotel’s location, above Charing Cross station, we were not troubled by noise at all, either from inside or outside of the hotel. Breakfast was buffet style and the food was plentiful and of good quality. We didn’t take any other meals in the hotel simply because there are so many restaurants in the hotel’s vicinity. We did have drinks in the bar which were expensive, but I suppose that is to be expected in a London hotel.I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough and will definitely stay here when in London again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Location	Fantastic location to enjoy the nightlife and sightseeing of London. The reception area was quite contemporary but managed to retain the character of this old building. Reception staff were very friendly and knowedgable. Quite a trek to our room (a couple of lift rides and a walkway away), but the room was a good size and had all we needed. They could do with 'chucking out the chintz' but we would certainly return to this hotel due to its location and the good hospitality!	
Aug 8 2008 	Very very tired.....	We booked this hotel as a 'mystery' hotel on Lastminute, although we'd pretty much guessed which one it was from the description. It cost £120, which wasn't bad for a midweek stay. The receptionist tried hard to flog us an upgrade to the junior suite I declined and got a room which was took two lift journeys and long walk to find. It wasn't worth the walk - it was seriously tired, with a cracked sink, filthy single-glazed windows (on a busy, noisy London street) and aged, tatty fittings.	
Aug 6 2008 	Loved it	I stayed at the Charing Cross Hotel several years ago, during renovation...and loved the location...but not thrilled with the room. This visit was wonderful....friendly staff (they even remembered me when I returned after a couple of weeks for another night). I would go back any time	
Jul 31 2008 	Is this the same hotel advertised on the internet?!	Stayed just this week. Looked at hotel website and was anticipating a very bright, modern boutique hotel. On arrival, Reception lived up to expectation. The common areas although a little in need of some attention were nice and spacious. There were a lot of original features in the hotel which appeared to have been well looked after. Bags were brought to room. Not sure whether the hotel is under refurbishment but we were taken into an annex across Brooke Street. This part of the hotel was definitely in need of some attention. The corridors had a strange smell and the carpets were worn. Our room was also in need of repair. Wallpaper was peeling from the walls and worn/torn in places. The wallpaper beside the waste paper bin was dirty as was the wallpaper behind the new LCD TV. The TV was a nice touch although the money would have been better spent redecorating. The carpet was worn with threads visible. There were two windows in the room which looked like they had not been cleaned (externally) for years. The room was comfortable and the beds probably one of the best we have slept in away from home. The room decor was very busy..... 'chintz' style, nothing like the internet pictures. One further disappointment was that the toiletries displayed on the internet were 'Elemis' which is one of my favourite brands but alas some sub-standard product was on the bathroom shelf. The pictures on the internet do not represent the standard you may receive when booking this hotel. The breakfast was good and the location ideal. When booking be sure to ask for one of the refurbished rooms.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great location Clean 	The Charing CRoss Hotel is a lovely old-school hotel with a great location near Trafalgar Square and the West End Theater district. If you are in London for just a few days like we were, then you really can't go wrong. The rooms were a perfect size for two, clean, up to date and quiet. The staff was helpful and friendly - we really emjoyed our stay here and would stay again!	
Jul 17 2008 	Great hotel near all the theatre's and Covent Garden	Stayed at the Charing Cross Hotel whilst visiting theatre's in London. A very clean hotel, with great standard rooms, asked for first floor as l don't do lifts! the room was large, clean, double glazed windows...... couldn't hear a thing from outside! great selection of tea/coffee and complimentary biscuits! Breakfast was not included in the price. Paid £179 for one night which included vat. The hotel itself is situated right by Trafalgar Square so near to everything, bus stops outside to take you anywhere in London. Lots of Cafe's etc for breakfast, nice one opposite!For this part of London this was reasonably priced as l stayed on a Thursday. Would stay here again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great location and nice hotel!	We really enjoyed staying at Charring Cross. It is in an excellent location right off Trafalgar Square and right next to Charring Cross Underground and Train station. There is a pharmacy in the building, and several pubs and restaurants within walking distance. You can also walk to The Embankment station in about 3 - 5 minutes. The hotel definitely had an &quot;English&quot; feel, which is what we wanted. the room was clean but a bit tight. Next time, I would upgrade to a larger room if budget premitted. I did like that they had our room ready even though we checked in before noon. The staff said Expedia had requested this, which was nice.Internet access in the room is expensive! 20 pounds a day. You can get free wireless access in the bar or lobby. If room access was free I would have probably given this hotel a rating of 5.	
Jul 16 2008 	Fantastic Location! Loved It!	Stayed at this hotel end of april for 3 nights as a base for seeing the sights in london and were not dissapointed!Hotel is in a fantastic location with everything practically within walking distance!Check in was smooth and although we arrived early morning and were supposed to wait until 2pm for our room we got our room straight away! The room we had was a smoking room and was spotless clean!Everything you need for your stay was there!Kettle, Iron, Ironing Board, Trouser Press, Toiletries in the bathroom, and a safe!Huge bed.......and really comfy after a day of sightseeing!Bath and shower!Train and tube station right under hotel and had no problems with noise!If you get a chance to see any shows whilst here i can highly recommend grease and dirty dancing! wow both shows absolutely amazing!Also went to madame tussauds which is brill! London eye is great too! In fact so much to see and do that 3 nights really isnt long enough!Back to the hotel! Really recommend this as the perfect base to do London!Staff really friendly!No probs here!Would go back in a minute!Only for longer than 3 days!	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Location	Stayed at Charing Cross for 3 nights with my daughter. Room was an Executive type, bit small for our liking, but was clean and tidy. Breakfast was great. Fantastic location being handy to every major tourist attraction. Recommend the Original Bus Tour for those especially with only a few days to see the great city of London. Overall, would go back to Charing Cross as it was the location that won me over	
Jul 1 2008 	Fantastic Location!	A great hotel in a great location. Nelsons Column was virtually on our doorstep and Buckingham Palace was only a very short walk , as was the London Eye. The hotel is at Charing Cross railway and Tube station so access is great. No noise in our room from the railway, which was very spacious (family room). The staff were very plentiful and helpful during our stay. The hotel is classed as a 4 star but I have stayed in worse 5 stars than this one! Overall a great place to stay especially if you can find a good deal on it as we did (secret hotel). We will definetely stay there again!	
Jun 30 2008 	This is a great hotel.	This is a great hotel. Friendly helpful staff, excellent breakfast. Their standard is higher than some 5 star hotels we have stayed. The location is great next to the station, possibly a little noisy on the front, but you cannot be right in the action otherwise. A very clean hotel. We booked it through Londonhotels.com who really know their stuff &amp; give excellent advice on the city. We will use both again.	
Jun 29 2008 	Poor staff attitude	Upon arrival after a long flight from Australia, we were delayed into getting into our room by 2 hours after the scheduled check-in time. When we finally got into a room (not the one we booked but a lesser one) the view out the window was of a down pipe and the wall of the neighbouring building. Finally, after the unfit porter came, picked up and sweated all over our bags and moved us to another room again we were happy. The biggest problem was that there were other rooms similar to ours available the whole time, but the check-in people would not allow us to have them. The location is excellent, and the restaurant is good, in particular the Eastern European mater de, however the damage had been done by a very poor first impression. Would have accepted poor service if the price was lower, but I hate paying top dollar for poor service.	
Jun 20 2008	Good not great... if internet speed is important -- avoid...	The good:Great location -- duh! Great first floor public lounge and barBreakfast was pretty good (although see below)Rates here are generally good compared to the Trafalgar where they have a bit of an attitude...Better rooms than the nearby WaldorfBetter location than the nearby Victoria Park PlazaThe free in-room tea and coffee set was good.*******The bad:The internet was so incredibly slow it felt like dial-up service. My upload speed was about 2kbps. Download speeds were something like 50-100kbps. The hotel seriously needs to work on this.My newspaper was not delivered either morning.Today's breakfast was missing the orange juice.Agree with earlier review about loud laminate floors.Mini-bar was empty except for some free coke and water. I found that odd.Good television (flat-screen) but no in-room movie selection.Bathroom was acceptable but showing its age.	
Jun 7 2008 	fanatasic hotel canot beat its location	Myself and a friend booked this hotel through an agent as a threatre break. We were very impressed with the serivice we recieved and the room was lovely with a massive bathroom. The location of the hotel cannot be beaten. Buckingham palace is a five minute walk away as is convert gardens and the national gallery. The tube station is next to the hotel and oxford circus the main shopping street is only two stops by tube. I am booking another trip later in the year and will be coming back to this hotel. The only problem that we had was the fire alarm went off at 6.45 am on the Sunday morning which wasnt the ideal way to be woken up when you are on a break especially since we had to line up infront of the hotel in the rain and wearing our nighties! It was a false alarm.Any way if you want a nice hotel with good service and prime central location then book at the Charings cross you wont be dissapointed.	
Jun 6 2008 	great hotel	This hotel was perfect for us as it is in Theatre Land in London and we were seeing a show at the Aldwych Theatre. it has the train station on one side and the tube station on the other but we didnt hear any noise from either. it is on a long street with everything you would need, MacDonalds two doors up and pubs, restaurants, tesco metro, superdrug and topshop.the outside of the hotel is gorgeous and so is the lobby and staircase. our room was a double delux and was nice, not out of the world considering we padi just over £300 for 2 nights but i guess in London hotels are dearer and it was worth the extra money 2 feel safe and secure in a clean hotel.the staff were friendly and helpful although at times they couldnt understand our Scottish accents as a lot of them were foreign!	
Jun 4 2008 	Has its problems	I booked this hotel using Tesco Clubcard Vouchers so checked in as normal swiping a credit card in case we had any extras. The room was a good size and you could just see the Thames and the Eye. The only problem was the room above had laminate flooring and the people seemed as if they were practising for a marathon walking up and down all night with high heels! I chose this hotel for the location and it is very central for all the West End theatres and Covent Garden. We went down to breakfast on the first morning about 9pm and there was a queue to be allocated a table, we had to wait about 5 mins to be seated, why we couldnt just find a table oursevles and then give our room number and name to the waiter I dont know. They seemed rather understaffed. I thought this might just be a busy Saturday morning, but the next morning the queue was even longer and we had to wait for 10mins.Check out was fine and they rescanned my credit card. The problem came a couple of days later when I received a receipt in the post from the hotel which was for over £350 which had been debited from my card! I immediately rang the hotel and they got it sorted out after a couple of phone calls, but beware if you are paying with vouchers, dont let them take your credit card details!	
Jun 1 2008 	Location is hard to beat!	The hotel has a great location! To reach the hotel from the airport , simply purchase your Oyster card from the subway station and go to the Charing Cross station. The hotel is right up there. It's near the train station that is convenient if you're planning a trip outside London. It's near to the Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery. It's near to almost all the major attractions. We walk to Covent Garden and it's only 10 minutes! There's convenient stores next to the hotel , and some cafes and burger king right in the charing cross station (which is next to the hotel building). The room is good in size with ironing board, hair dryer , small table where you can have the free teas and coffees and crackers. The staffs are friendly and helpful.	
May 30 2008 	Lots of good points	This property is now managed by Guoman rather than Thistle. The location is very convenient, right on top of the Charing Cross tube/rail and 2 minutes from Embankment Tube, and a 15 minute walk across the bridge to Waterloo station. I have stayed here three times, in both buildings. The Buckingham wing is the older part, and while it is very classic it's still decent although it is starting to show its age. As others have said, the rooms there need a bit of TLC, trimming frayed carpet edges, tightening loose faucets, replacing burnt out bulbs etc. The other wing has a much more modern feel but the rooms are a bit smaller. The beds are decent but the last two times I've stayed the sheets seemed washed a few times too many. The rooms were always clean and everything always worked. The breakfast is in a beautiful room but is standard breakfast fare. The staff was very polite. This is a solid 4 star in London and I'd go back. I did notice that prices remained high, but on the day I was checking in, the prices went down considerably and I canceled my higher price res. and got a much lower one that included breakfast, so checking frequently may help.	
May 26 2008 	Still A Great Hotel	40 years ago, as a young man, I went to London to see Scotland playing England in a Saturday evening football match at Wembley. This was a last minute decision so I had to book a hotel on arrival. London was very busy but I eventually got a room at the Charing Cross Hotel and was very impressed with this quality hotel. It kind of set hotel standards for me and I always remembered it as I stayed in hundreds of hotels in my business life thereafter.I have stayed in London many times since then but always had hotels booked for me. I arranged to go to see Jersey Boys(Wonderful Show) at the Prince Edward Theatre last weekend and decided to book in to the Charing Cross with my son. We got a great welcome from the reception girls who were very friendly and welcoming and they looked like they were enjoying their jobs. They offered a room upgrade for £20 and this was a very well appointed and spacious room with a great view of the London Eye. This hotel is in a great location in the exact centre of London with easy access to Theatreland and the West End. It has retained its feel of refinement and quality and the staff are the friendliest and most courteous I have ever encountered. The hotel is also very quiet and the beds are very comfortable.Breakfast is comprehensive and the food quality is very good and the restaurant staff are attentive.It was good to see that the hotel is still excellent after all these years and I will definitely use it on my next London visit.	
May 23 2008 	A good London base	I stayed at this hotel for a short business trip in May. Overall it was a nice stay. As others have pointed out, the location, convenience to the Underground, and friendly staff are the hotel's strong points. There were a few issues, however. It appeared that they were breaking in a lot of new staff because on several occasions people at the front desk had to check with colleagues before they could answer my questions. The carpeting in my room was very worn. Also, the fridge had only a couple of soft drinks when I checked in, and it was never refilled during my stay. This did not affect me, because I never purchase beverages from hotel rooms, but it showed a lack of attention to detail.	
May 22 2008 	Excellent location	Excellent location and very beautiful historic building.Although during the booking some months before we asked a room with a view to Thames or London . They didn’t promised for that but at least they said they would do their best. Upon arrival the reception said we need to pay 35pounds more for that type of room hence the hotel was not full.I always do my flight check inn by internet and use hotels free of charge internet systems however in Gourman they asked 6 pounds which was not nice.Room was clean and nice and they have an excellent breakfast. Location is perfect, just off Trafalgar Square near the underground.	
May 20 2008 	Excellent location	Always stay at the Thistle Charing Cross out of choice when in London for business. It is a lovely hotel. Staff are friendly. Breakfast is good, filling and plentiful - breakfast room also has fantastic character and decoration. Rooms are spotlessly clean, well decorated and have all the mod cons. Excellent location for tourists. Not bad on price for London.Would recommend.	
Apr 19 2008 	Possible the best hotel in London!	Excellent location and a really beautiful hotel. The staircase alone will make you feel like a princess all thats missing is the ball gown. A very elegant hotel with excellent rooms and a great breakfast. Our room had a great view on the London Eye. Outside, the front of the hotel gets very busy on a weekend but there is always a very nice doorman to welcome you and keep the young drunks away. I have been to London 22 times and have yet to find a hotel to beat this one!	
Apr 15 2008 	Nice Place to Stay Happily Surprised	Booking this hotel without really seeing it made me extremely nervous especially since the name has not been changed on the Internet. It is Guoman Charing Cross not Thistle. What a nice clean room with lots of pluses I was not expecting.We stayed at the hotel from April 3, 2008 to April 7, 2008 and loved the central location of it. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Always willing to give answer to any question that came up.It is not a place for young families or children and is kind of noisey being right above the Tub but I would recommend it to anyone. My husband and I really enjoyed our stay.Thanks	
Mar 21 2008 	EXCELLENT EXPERIENCE AT THIS HOTEL	We had an excellent stay at this hotel and thoroughly enjoyed it. Location is excellent just off Trafalgar square. Really good for both tube and buses.The air conditioning wasn't working in the first room we were allocated and we were given a free upgrade on reporting this.We found the staff to be extremely helpful and pleasant. Breakfast was also very good and the room was to a high standard. The only thing we noticed was that the toilet was difficult to flush on occasion!We will with out doubt gladly go back to this hotel.	
Feb 7 2008 	Convenient location high-class hotel	I stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross for 4 nights of a business trip. It was close to the offices we were working out of but also was central to the theather disctrict, Covent Garden, great restaurants and pubs. We were able to walk to anything we needed and the hotel was wonderful about giving us directions and reccommendations. Upon arrival they were accomodating and gracious. Unfortunately, because of our late check in and the hotel at capacity, I was given a room in the older section of the hotel. The heat was cranked to about 75 F and the thermostat was broken. It was about one floor above an alley and I heard people walking to and from the tube all night. However, the next morning I asked for my room to be changed and they accomodated my request, no problem. My bags were sent up while I was out for the day and they were totally gracious about my needs. We also got the free breakfast in the morning and were so happy to have a convenient, fast meal to get us on our way. Overall, my room was comfortable, I slept like a rock once my room was changed and was so pleased with their hospitality. It is a little pricey for American standards but worth it if you're looking for a convenient location on the Strand.	
Jan 27 2008 	This is where we will stay everytime we go to London	We found the hotel very easily after arriving at Charing Cross the location is excellent close to all the shops you need I chose this hotel as i was taking my daughter to see joseph at the Adelphi theatre which is a 3 min walk so it saved time on public transport getting back in the evening. (Excellent show) We had a great meal at TGI Fridays Covent Garden which is just round the corner from the theatre. When you come out of the hotel and turn right you can see the embankment tube station and on a nice day you can take a walk across to the london eye,westminster and waterloo.When we checked in the service was excellent the staff were very helpful and friendly our room was on the sixth floor facing out over the strand (huge hotel and a long walk to the room from the lifts) but this wasnt a problem as we just had a small overnight bag.We had everything we needed in the room,hairdryer,dressing gowns,lcd tv,seating area and comfy beds!! Large room Bathroom was excellent with a bath and separate shower. Breakfast was on the 1st floor and was included in the rate (buffett style and included cooked breakfast aswell) if you purchase it on the day it will cost £17.95 which even tho was very nice i would never of paid that much for it!!On entering and leaving the hotel everyone who worked at the hotel always said hello to you which is a rare touch at hotels and I found everyone to be friendly.This was by far the best hotel we have ever stayied in and I will always return to this hotel whenever we go to london i wish we could of stayed for longer.	
Jan 23 2008 	Highly recommend	This hotel is great. It has been renovated and its superb. I recommend it for its location, its standards, its staff, the bar, the price. No complaints. We found the concierges extremely helpful and very well informed. They called and booked restaurants for us, photocopied maps and printed driving directions and so on. I chose this hotel as I used to work in Covent Garden and know the location is great for sightseeing. The hotel is based at the Charing cross train and tube station (dont let this alarm you, this does not detract from the hotel - its a plus), just look at a map to see how close many attractions are (walking distance and via a quick tube or cab journey).We were travelling as a party of 6 adults and 7 kids. The infant crib and child beds were clean and had good bedding. There is a 'Boots' chemist/pharmacy nextdoor and another a few doors down which is great for supplies, snacks etc.Bathrooms were fine. We were in the traditional wing with slightly older but very comfortable decor (other parts of the hotel had been renovated) the bellboy who helped us with our luggage told us we could move to a renovated room but we chose not to as our room was a good standard and there was basically no need. I should imagine if you request to be in the renovated side its probably worth it, a new bathroom is always nice!The bar was a nice surprise, great service everywhere.	
Jan 22 2008 	LocationLocationLocation!	I have stayed at this hotel several times before but not for a few years. The hotel has been extensively refurbished. We had a deluxe twin room which was in the Buckingham wing and was very pleasant. The staff were all friendly &amp; helpful. My only critisicism was that I only spoke to one English member of staff - this is sadly something that happens in hotels all over now. I recently stayed in Dublin and was disappointed not to hear a local accent in the hotel.The breakfast room is not as well set out as it used to be - more cramped. The food was disappointing - not as hot as it should be. The hotel has the most perfect location for exploring. It is a 5 minute walk to Covent Garden &amp; Theatreland. You can pick up a river cruise behind the hotel on the Embankment. Trafalgar Square is a 5 minute walk away too. The hotel is situated right by the underground and several bus stops. We took the tube to the museums but got the number 9 bus to Knightsbridge.If you are a UK resident it is well worth buying an Oyster card which allows you to travel on the bus and tube at a reduced rate(£1.50 per journey). You have to buy one in advance as it has to be posted to your address. It costs £2 to buy and then you just top it up with credit. Visit www.visitlondon.com for further information.Drinks in the hotel are expensive - £7.50 for a glass of wine but its London!	
Dec 16 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed here for 4 nights and had a great time. We stayed in a Delux twin room which was very nice. Hotel lovely, breakfast very nice but for me the best part was the location.Situated right at the underground entrance it was easy to travel anywhere each day. Also, the hotel is walking distance from Covent Garden which was lovely to sit in the open air cafes at night.Loved it!	
Dec 11 2007 	Great Location compact room	We stayed 3 nights in the Charing Cross Hotel in mid-November. The hotel is pretty good. The room wasn't cheap, but probably par for the course. We were in the middle of London and despite being in November, there were lots of tourists around, just like us! Christmas shopping had started in earnest for many.The hotel is now run by Guoman Hotels, not Thistle.There isn't much on the ground floor of the hotel because of the railway station next door. There's a small reception, a lounge and a business centre. Upstairs, up a rather grand sweeping staircase on the first floor is where all the public rooms are located. There's a comfy looking bar (with free wifi apparently), dining room, a fantastically decorated breakfast room and several function suites and meeting rooms. The staff we met were helpful and pleasant. In particular, a duty manager, a Turkish gentleman, Suliman perhaps, was extremely helpful and friendly. Thank you.Our room was a &quot;deluxe double&quot; room. The did try to get us to upgrade to a small suite we declined. The upgraded rooms would apparently have a &quot;view of the river&quot; and more roomy. Maybe yes, but since the hotel is 300 yards from the river, with the station in between, the view certainly wouldn't have been be panoramic. In reality, we only slept in our room so the additional space would be of little use to us. Our room was quite clean but small yet perfectly formed. The furniture, fixtures and fittings were of good quality but perhaps beginning to show their age. There was, however, only one easy chair in the double room and, magically on our second day, a small side table appeared in the room too. The bathroom was compact with a shower over the bath. There was plenty of wardrobe space for a weekend's clothes. The big TV showed several UK and European TV channels.The room aircon/heating was a little temperamental and tricky to get just right, but we got used to it.We had extremely noisy neighbours, cackling and yelling their heads off until 4 or 5 in the morning one night. Their noise woke my wife but even woke me which is saying something. But other than these North Americans (judging from their accent through the wall) there was very little sound from the street below, from the adjacent railway station or from other guests in the hotelWe breakfasted in the hotel and it was very good, with plenty of choice of healthy or not so health breakfasts and lots of fresh and freshly cooked stuff arriving at the buffet every few minutes. As said above, the breakfast room is a resplendent Victorian masterpiece of over the top decor. Fantastic.The location was also perfect. The Hotel is located above the Station on the Strand, about 150 yards from Trafalgar Square. There are tubes, trains, taxis and buses going everywhere. Covent Garden is about 500 yards away. As well as the hotel restaurant, there are oodles of restaurants all over the place from £ to £££££, from fast food joints to swanky restaurants, greasy spoons to chic coffee shops. The Ha Ha Bar and Canteen below the hotel was a bustling, good fun and good value. The food was simple fare and not bad at all.Right next door to the hotel in the Station is a very busy Marks &amp; Spencer's Simply Food shop, ideal for snacks and drinks if you don't want to raid the mini-bar. There are several other small convenience stores around the hotel and station. There are lots of shops around from the usual high street chains to wee specialist shops. And there are several theatres nearby. However, we went to see a show around Victoria station and caught a taxi right outside the hotel within a few seconds at rush hour.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Hotel	This hotel is clean, warm and comfortable.The breakfast was good.... coffee apalling though!The room was well equipped and the bed very comfortable. Paid £140 for my husband and I and this included the full cooked breakfast, which for the location was brilliant.Would stay again.	
Nov 23 2007 	Handy location	A very handily-located hotel on The Strand, in a Victorian Grade II listed building right above Charing Cross Underground station. Within walking distance of lots of London landmarks - Covent Garden, Nelson's Column, Whitehall, National Theatre, Cenotaph, all easily reached on foot. Also near to Embankment for trips on the Thames and lovely views from the bridges.I stayed for a business trip and this hotel was perfectly fine for the purpose. Staff were polite and professional, although check-in was very slow and a colleague was told by one member of staff at 1:50pm that check-in started at 2pm so he would have to come back later. A few minutes (less than 10) later, another member of staff happily checked me into my room. It was not a major issue but seemed a bit petty as the rooms were ready and we were all trying to get back to our meeting. There was a bag-storage facility though for people who arrived long before the rooms were ready, so if you were sightseeing and just wanted to drop your bags then that would be OK. The Concierge was arranging Theatre Tickets for some other guests while I was checking in - he was very helpful and got what they wanted very efficiently. The room; bedroom was average, everything you would want for a one-night stay including tea/coffe making facilities, ironing board, safe etc. Everything was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. Pillows were gorgeous, if you like the 'sink into them' type. I slept well and woke feeling refreshed.Bathroom; nice toiletries in the bathroom and there was a separate shower cubicle which made it roomy. No magnified shaving/make-up mirror though so if, like me, you need to stand right in front of the mirror so you can see what you're doing then its a bit of a problem. Breakfast in the 'Breakfast Room' was the usual choice of cooked Full English or Continental. Plentiful and a good range of choices as you would expect from a 'chain' hotel. I think the Full English was £16.95 per person if not included in your room rate. You could also eat breakfast at the hotel's restaurant which cost a lot more and, looking at the menu in my room, was charged per item. I can't comment on value for money because my stay was pre-paid by my employers. I believe there was a gym and leisure club although I did not use these facilities.I'd say there was nothing that made this hotel exceptional, but the overall standard was what you would expect of a good hotel. If you want a stop-off in London which is well placed for getting to most of what you would want to see, either by foot or public transport then I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 19 2007 	Unfortunate stay	We stayed at this hotel by default when we were moved from the Royal Horseguards. We were promised that this was a 4*plus hotel that had recently been refurbished. The communal areas were very good but our room was very small and disappointing. The shower did not work and the taps on our bath were very loose. Breakfast was included but we had to queue for 15 mins behind 1 other couple to be seated even though there were available tables, as there was no one to seat us! We were actually attending a wedding at the Royal Horseguards Hotel so did not spend long at this hotel which was a blessing if the poor service we recieved in the hours we were there was anything to go by!	
Nov 17 2007 	What More Can You Ask For?	With the most central location possible and easy access to 3 underground lines this charming railway hotel couldn't be more practical. The hotel lobby and common areas are polished to brilliance and the rooms are kept maticulously clean and are furnished with every amenity one could wish for. Be sure to enjoy the hotel breakfast at least once if your rate does not include it as the breakfast room is truly elegant. Many thanks for the hotel staff for their professional and supurb service with a smile on every instance. I give this wonderful hotel a 100% reccommendation.	
Oct 28 2007 	London calling	I stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross for 7 nights Oct 22, and I just read a lot of the reader reviews. Most people don't love this hotel, just the location which is fantastic! The location is really all this hotel has to offer quite frankly.I just want to preface this by saying I travel a lot 50+ nights a year so when things like not getting a wake-up call three mornings in a row, one gets upset. I had a series of problems during my stay, all relatively minor in the scheme of things, but at 188 pounds/per night = $400/night I want my wake up call. I want a heater that will shut off (my heat in my room would not turn off for two days). My tv didn't work, and I had a twin bed where my feet literally hung off the edge of the bed?! Upon check in the first thing that happened was the clerk asked if I wanted an upgrade - already from the greeting they are trying to get more money out of me - not a great vibe. If I wanted a King bed that would be 45 pounds more per night. I am 6'2&quot; and he puts me in a room with a twin bed. The hotels solution to my small bed problem: put the two twins beds together?! The hotel did actually bring me tv that worked (on my third day), the heat did turn off finally (on the second day).Lastly, the hotel is loud. I constantly heard the woman above me talking and walking (in heels) and doors slamming in the hallways. Other than the location this hotel is not very professional nor do they have their act together. The Savoy, about 500 feet nearby, is a bit more expensive at 260 pounds/night, but after my tour there I would/should have changed hotels for the small difference and a real funtioning room. Again, this hotel is centrally located, but don't expect much here in this no frills hotel.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great location fair value	Great central location. Room was comfortable and bathroom was fine. The hotel is expensive by American standards, but fairly priced as London prices go. Desk and concierge service courteous and helpful. The buffet breakfast was ample and generally good; breakfast service willing but not too skilled. We have stayed here twice, and probably will again if we return to London anytime soon.	
Oct 19 2007 	Great Location	We stayed here for 3 nights in September. The room was small but nice and clean. Our safe was not working when we arrived and after 3 requests to the front desk for it to be fixed, it eventually was. The location of this hotel was perfect. Its near plenty of great restaurants and was a quick tube ride (the tube is right next door) to so many sights. Our room was not beside a busy street, but close enough to still hear shouts from the street. We would recommend this hotel mostly for its convienant location.	
Sep 19 2007	Wonderful Hotel !!	We just returned from a week at the Thistle Charing Cross, London. What a beautiful hotel this is! I chose it after reading many reviews that said the location was fabulous and the hotel was beautiful. The reviews were right! The hotel was elegant , classy and modern---I knew the moment we saw the doormen outside that we'd picked a good hotel (for once!). We got an upgrade to a junior suite for only 30pds more. The English Breakfast was more than expected, eggs, bacon, sausage, croissant, muffins, fruit and much more--very delicious! The hotel staff were absolutely wonderful, friendly &amp; helpful people! The concierge, Mark, couldn't have been nicer to us, answering our many pesky and bothersome questions with sheer kindness. But the best part of this hotel was the Location, Location, Location!! Right above a tube station and next to a train station. We were surrounded by Starbucks and little restaurants everywhere and only a few blocks from Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus &amp; Trafalgar Square. I won't stay anywhere else in London next time I visit! I couldn't have been more satisfied with my choice. Don't listen to the negative comments. This is a beautiful hotel with the nicest people I've ever met!! I loved it!	
Sep 15 2007	Excellent Hotel	Booked for 6 nights at the Thistle Charing Cross for 119 pounds/night plus breakfast. At check-in, I was offered the upgrade to a junior suite for 35pounds/night which i accepted. there's also an upgrade to a exec king for only 20 pounds/night, but you have to ask for it.before i took the upgrade, i did look at the double deluxe room that i booked and it was acceptable as well - it was about the size of a typical manhattan hotel room. but i decided to splurge a little bit for the extra room.the junior suite had a king bed and a separate living room area. my room however, faced the street and it was quite noisy as london stays active for most of the night.The second night I requested a quieter room. They actually have a quiet room category. Next time i'll definitely request it. It was a lot smaller than the junior suite I originally had. it looked more like the exec room. since quiet was a lot more important than space, i didn't make too much of a fuss even if i did get bamboozled.the free breakfast was quite good. eggs, sausage, bacon, tomatoes, mushrooms, toast, coffee, cereal, fruit, and deli meats. i wouldn't pay 17.50 pounds though for it when you can get an english breakfast for about 5 pounds across the street.the location was wonderful. you have access to the rail system as well as the underground system literally a stone's throw away. leicester square and picadilly stations are within a 10 min walk as well.tons of shopping and restaurants nearby. i ate regularly at the mcdonalds about 150 feet from the hotel since british food stinks.if i could, i'd actually rate this hotel a 4.5. Definitely a good value play if you can get a decent rate. walk up rates were as high as 350 pounds per night!!	
Aug 20 2007 	Great Hotel for sightseeing	My wife wanted to book a “quaint” English hotel while I, as a frequent business traveler, wanted to go to a Marriott or Holiday Inn, something familiar. I had stayed in some of the other Thistle Hotels in the UK in the past and the Thistle Charing Cross proved a great compromise.I found the hotel slightly cheaper on a search site but booked directly with Thistle over the phone, the search site said they could not guarantee the exact room we wanted.The rooms were a decent size, much bigger than my last few New York City hotels. The room was very clean, the hotel was quite and the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. I really can’t complain about the hotel, so much so that I felt the need to add my comments to trip advisor on returning home. By far the best feature of the hotel was the location, it was fantastic for anyone wanting to sightsee in London. You can easily walk to Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Parliament, Westminster Abby, Buckingham Palace etc. The hotel is also situated very close to two tube stations. I found the tube very simple to use, much easier than in New York. It was clean and I always felt safe. We took the tube to the Tower of London, it was easy. We also took the tube late at night or when we tired of walking. We gravitated to Covent Garden and Leicester square for dinner and drinks on an evening.My wife wanted to see a show or two while in London, the concierge could get tickets for Wicked for 75 pounds, we went to the actual theater at around 10:00am on the day we wanted to see the show and bought the same ticket for 60 pounds, the hotel had put a 15 pounds per ticket mark-up on, for two tickets we saved $60.00 for the sake of a three stop tube ride.	
Aug 19 2007 	Outstanding location Great Hotel	London is my favourite place in the world and I go there as often as I can. Consequently, I have stayed at various London hotels, but Thistle Charing Cross has proved to be the best so far! The location is excellent and outstanding, especially for a theatre lover! The interior, with its Victorian refinement and subtlety, is elegant and beautiful. Rooms are spacious, clean and tidy. The service superb and fast. Last but not least, this is an exceptionally good value in every way.In conclusion, I will certainly stay at Thistle Charing Cross again and again!	
Aug 16 2007 	Ideal Location	Stayed here for a long weekend to see some shows.Location was perfect for Theatreland - the shows we saw - Lord of the Rings (MUST SEE) and Fiddler on the Roof were about 10min away.Just round corner from Trafalgar Square &amp; Buckingham Palace and Westminster within a short walk.Built over the Charing Cross Station but not too noisy at all.We upgraded to an Executive room on arrival for £35 per night - included a bottle of wine each day and was a very comfortable room which we thought was worth the extra - we effectively paid a total of about £140 per night for a double including breakfast and wine.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great experience splendid service superb location	Just got back from London after a 3 day, 4 night leisure stay. I have nothing but nice things to say about the Thistle Charing Cross. Here goes -- booked my room on Hotels.com for USD 180/- (which I paid grudgingly). Got there on a rainy Saturday night. They confirmed that I had a reservation but they had overbooked so they had no room for us. However, the manager was already on the phone trying to make other arrangements. Manager got off the phone, apologized profusely, informed us that he had made arrangements for us to stay at the Thistle Kensington Park for that night and that we could return to Charing Cross the next morning and stay 3 nights. He felt so bad he upgraded us to a Junior Suite! He then suggested we get drinks in the beautiful bar upstairs while he called a cab -- which we did. They paid (with a smile) for our cab ride both ways.The Junior Suite was excellent -- very well kept, beautiful bathroom with shower and tub. All the employees were very friendly and helpful. The nice breakfast buffet was only GBP 10/- extra. The building itself is a historic one situated right on the Charing Cross tube station. Great view of Charing Cross and the Strand from our room.All in all, my wife and I were taken aback by how far this hotel had gone to please us. And the location is unbeatable -- right on the Strand, within walking distance of the Tate Modern and the shops at Covent Garden, in addition to all the touristy spots. We will probably stay at this hotel for all future visits to London.	
Aug 5 2007 	Very Impressed	From the moment we arrived at the Thistle Charing Cross we knew it was going to be a good choice. From the reviews on Tripadvisor we’d chosen the Thistle over the Kingsway Hall Hotel and we were very pleased with this hotel.We were met at the entrance to the revolving door by a porter who took my case, and left us at reception to be checked in. We arrived at around 12.30, and our room was already made up for us so we were able to check in immediately and leave our bags in the room before getting out to explore.The public areas in the hotel are all very well kept, and well decorated. There is a beautiful staircase leading to all floors if you’re feeling energetic, or two lifts if you’re not.We had booked a Deluxe Double Room through Superbreaks. From the reviews on Tripadvisor I had previously emailed the hotel and requested a non-smoking, high floor room, at the rear of the hotel in the main hotel (not the Buckingham wing) and the hotel were able to accommodate all of our requests. We had room 612, which is a modern decorated room near the lifts on the 6th floor, but far enough away not to be bothered by any noise from them. The view from the windows in the room was of the River Thames towards the Oxo Tower and the Gherkin, which were all beautifully lit in the evening.The windows were old style sash windows, but with an additional inner sliding pane to keep any noise out.The room was well equipped with two chairs, a small table, tea and coffee making facilities, Air-con, a hairdryer, trouser-press, ironing board and iron, a safe and two telephones in the bedroom. The electronic Do Not Disturb/Service Room display was clever.The bathroom was also spacious for London standards, we had a large vanity sink area, and bath with an over-shower. The sound from the TV is piped through to the bathroom, although ours didn’t work. There was also a phone in the bathroom.Breakfast was lovely, served in the Terrace overlooking the front of the hotel, or in the bar beside the terrace. The terrace was a much nicer room though. There was a range of cereals, fresh fruit, cheeses and cold meats, and also a full English breakfast. All was self service so you could have whatever you wanted.We didn’t use the hotel restaurant for dinner; instead we went twice to a Wetherspoons pub on Whitehall (5 minutes walk away) called Lord Moon of the Mall. There are also a number of good pubs on The Strand which serve food.The hotel is excellently located for Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Big Ben, The London Eye, The South Bank, Buckingham Palace and Horseguards Parade. The easy access to the tube underneath the hotel is also useful if you want to go further afield. We stayed at this hotel as we had booked to see Dirty Dancing at the Aldwych Theatre, which was a 15 minute walk up The Strand.We would stay here again with no hesitation.Hints : - Don’t use the room mini bar – prices are high. Even if you move something it will charge the amount to your room bill.- There is a Marks &amp; Spencer food unit underneath the hotel, and a Tesco Express just around the corner on Northumberland Avenue, both sell food and drink at much more reasonable prices.- Don’t use the room WiFi – there is an Easy Internet Café just across the road.	
Jul 22 2007 	Great Location and (For London) Reasonable value	I stayed here with my wife for a week in July on vacation and attending my Son's graduation. We selected this hotel because of the close proximity to our Son's apartment on the South Bank, just a walk through the station and over the bridge. I found a good rate on the property's own website, GGP 140/night, which included a full English breakfast.On check-in, we were offered an upgrade to a junior suit for GBP30/night (Although they omitted to mention that this did not include the 17.5% VAT!) which included a bottle of wine every night, which is our drink of choice. I would recommend taking this because the room was, again by London standards, a very generous size and the room we used, 406, had been newly renovated and was very comfortable.We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, the location excellent and the food very good. Breakfast in the morning on the terrace of the restaurant was memorable for the light, bright location, the views over St Martins Church and the National gallery in Trafalgar Square and the buffet itself, which is excellent.London prices are simply incomprehensible these days. Last time in London, we stayed in a much smaller room in Le Meridien Picadilly, which cost GBP400/night. By London standards, then, at the prices I noted above, this property represents very reasonable value for money and we would recommend it to all.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great Location Decent Hotel Good Value	We stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross in May of 2007, our first time in London. The hotel is in a fantastic location, within walking distance of many great sites such as Buckingham Palace, Parliament, Trafalgar Square, Covent Gardens, Piccadilly Circus and more. For first timers in London, the location afforded us many wonderful opportunities to explore. However, there was a downside to the great location: the hotel is so centrally located that we heard quite a bit of street noise from our room facing a busy street. If you're a light sleeper, you should try to get a higher floor or face a non-busy street.When we arrived, we discovered the hotel had a special deal allowing us to upgrade to a junior suite for a reasonable price. The upgrade also included a bottle of champagne each night, and we took the upgrade -- but not the champagne after getting a taste of it! :-)The junior suite was of a good size and well-furnished. The hotel is definitely older and the room showed wear and tear, but overall it was nice. Unfortunately, our toilet didn't flush properly; a hotel staff member came and the best he could do was fix the toilet so it would flush only after many toggles on the handle. The hotel offered to move us to another room, but we decided it wasn't worth the hassle. Instead, I ended up using the public bathroom on the bottom floor.The staff was very friendly and helpful and the concierge was invaluable in setting up excursions. Ultimately, we got about what we expected: a decent hotel in a great location with some inconveniences. Compared to other similar hotels in the area, the Thistle Charing Cross is an excellent value as long as you go in not expecting the best, but something nice to use as a launching pad to explore London.	
Jun 27 2007 	Nice Hotel....Room 818 bit noisy...read on	This is a nice hotel very central for all that London has to offer and literally on top of Charing Cross tube station. We stayed in room 818 which is a little noisy as it has the ventilation thingy humming outside 24/7 but a pair of earplugs fixed that as I am a light sleeper and my boyfriend slept right through without. The hotel is very grand - we stayed in the standard deluxe room which was a decent enough size with double bed, two chairs and table and good sized bathroom.....in which the sound for the telly is piped through! Did not hear the station at all but suspect you might if you are at the front but I may be wrong. Definitely would stay here again - managed to find the room for £128 on a saturday night but their rack rate is much higher. Staff were friendly enough but we only had one night here and did not use the restaurant or bar.	
Jun 14 2007 	Excellent Choice!	This hotel for us was in a fantastic location at the end of The Strand and very close to Covent Garden. A fairly short walk took us to the Aldwych Theatre too. The tube station being next door was very convenient and did not cause any noise during our stay in the hotel.Quite unusual for a hotel was that even past the beautiful Entrance/Reception, the corridors and rooms were in excellent condition and the lift was spacious also.Breakfast was the best part and was located in a beautiful old hall and it tasted delicious too.I've been to London many a time but I know where I'll be staying in future!	
Jun 3 2007 	Positives and Negatives	The Thistle Charing Cross gets high marks for location, friendly and accomodating staff, and size of rooms and bathrooms. However, many of the rooms (ours, for example) are in an annex that requires two elevators and a long walk to reach, and the hotel--while clean--is a bit run down. For the price we had hoped for more, but then again, it is London and that means everything is expensive.	
May 24 2007 	great location but expensive	Me and my husband stayed at this hotel may 15 - 21.The location of this hotel is just perfect. The room size is decent for London standards, but still small for American standards.The hotel is clean and big and in spite of the busy location, its fairly quite. But we did hear people shouting in the street at times.Hotel is close to Trafalgar square, Covent garden, Piccadilly circus, Big Ben, London Eye, Buckingham palace. We almost never took the subway/tube, we were able to walk to most attractions, this way got to see the city and feel it.The service was alright for the most part - we did get 4 wakeup/phone calls(bet 12 - 5 am) one night when we never ordered one, this made us lose sleep on day. I've traveled to places that are very expensive - Tokyo, Paris, Hawaii, New York and live in San Francisco, but London is by far the most expensive place. This hotel costs me 360$ per night, and I would expect great room with exceptional service in US for this, but was disappointed to see a 3* hotel with okay service in London....the breakfast was included, but again wasn't comparable to US standards. My overall take on London's hotels and restaurants is its way too expensive for what it offers.	
May 19 2007	very decent hotel for london	My family stayed in this hotel in April 2007 for a long weekend. I had to book two rooms as we had our teenage sons with us. We were pleased to be given inter-connecting rooms. This made the floor space a really good size, with both rooms having sofa's and the childrens room having a desk and chair. The rooms were very clean.I would recommend this hotel to anyone as it is very central and the staff are incredibly helpful and polite.Contrary to other reviews, we had no problem with our billing.	
May 8 2007 	Highly Recommended!	Excellent location with helpful staff. Check in was smooth and quick and the hotel, although it must have been very busy, was quiet and spacious. Walking distance from all main sightseeing spots and for those who want to travel further, on top of 2 main underground lines. Used my Tescos vouchers for this and have to say was really pleased with the whole experience.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great position	This hotel is in a great position just above one train station and close to another. It's two minutes from Trafalgar square and we walked to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben etc easily. The rooms are nice but nothing special. It's extremely quiet even though it's a busy street. We had breakfast included which was nice but we stayed for 11 nights and it would have been great if they aletered their hot food menu just once. The lifts are really quick so you don't wait long. The only down side was the service. We asked three days in a row for the paper which they said we would get each morning when we checked in but it still never came. One day we ran out of hot water. We got two wake up calls we didn't order and the one we did order on our last day never came. Plus the fire alarm kept going off for no reason. Overall though the position makes up for lack of service and we'd recommend this hotel to travellers.	
Apr 11 2007 	Excellent Location	We stayed there over the Easter weekend. This is the third time that we stayed at this hotel. We stayed in room 902 in the top floor of the Buckingham wing. A bit of a roundabout route to get to the room but it was a comfortable, quiet room. Breakfast was good with a very enthusiastic breakfast chef who kept the buffet replenished and looking fresh. (Breakfast is only of value when included as part of the room rate. If you have to pay for it separately I would suggest that you eat outwith the hotel!) Waiting staff were very attentive.A comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Check on their web site for special offers ---.	
Mar 20 2007 	Great hotel in great location	Stayed for one night after booking direct with hotel in executive twin room. Room was great - spotlessly clean, nice toiletries, good facilities (large bathroom with seperate shower cubicle) and comfy beds.Location was perfect: we were going to comedy club on Villiers Street which was only yards away! Breakfast was good - buffet style with best scrambled eggs I have had in a hotel!Overall, an ideal choice for sightseeing.	
Mar 14 2007	Very Satisfied	We just returned from our trip and I wanted to share with others that Thistle Charing Cross was a great place to stay. The room was very quite, clean and the hotel had a great location right next to the tube. For lunch try Pret for sandwiches, good prices with lots of locations, one right next to this hotel.	
Mar 9 2007 	Excellent Experience	From the minute you stepped into the reception area I was made to feel very welcome. The Hotel is an oasis in busy central london. Perfect location for the Theatres, Covent Garden, Trafalgar square, Leicester Square and many other top London attractions.Obviously this Hotel was built as an Hotel and the inner decor shows this splendidly. Very grand indeed. The rooms were tastefully decorated, some modern, some more traditional style, but never tacky. Beds very comfortable too.Breakfast alos of top quality and loads of choice. Really can't say a bad word about it.Highly recommended.	
Mar 5 2007 	Great Room and Location	Excellent location just above the tube/train station right on The Strand.Its near lots of shops and restaurants and not far from the theatre which was my main reason for this trip.The lobby are staircase are elegant. The staff could have been a little more friendly. Upon checkout I was asked if I had taken anything from the minibar. When I said no, the receptionist replied &quot;really, nothing at all?&quot; I was annoyed that my first answer was questioned! Apart from that I had a good stay.The room I had booked was a twin executive on the 3rd floor at the back of the hotel which meant it was really quiet. The room was spacious, with an extra little dressing area which a door that led to an adjoining bedroom. The bathroom had a full bath, a separate shower and was clean, bright and a pair of slippers and robe was provided. Though why they only supplied one set for a twin room was a mystery. There was a TV and mini hi-fi, good selection of teas and coffee as well as a bottle of mineral water.The room rate I paid was £128 which was reasonable for this standard in London but breakfast was not included which was extremely expensive at £17 so we went to a cafe nearby. There is a great fruit stall just outside at the entrance to Charing Cross.	
Mar 2 2007	Great Location!	This hotel was in a great location! Walking distance to shops, restaurants, the tube and Trafalgar Square &amp; Leicester Square. As expected, the room was small by American standards. However, it was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was larger than expected. The staff was helpful and check-in &amp; check-out was a breeze. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 28 2007	Very Comfortable Perfect Location!	Stayed here Feb 17 - 23, 2007. The room was small by American standards, but Very comfortable and completely met our needs. We were coming from 10 days in India so a soft bed, clean restroom and shower, and clean hot water was truly welcome. I was concerned ahead of time that with the hotel sitting on top of the train station it might be noisy, but not so.The hotel seems to cater to business travelers, but for tourists the location couldn't be better. London is such a dynamic city and this hotel puts you only a few minutes walking distance to everything. And what isn't easy walking distance is a quick Tube ride from right outside the front door.The only downside was that our great promotional rate for the room did not include breakfast. After our first morning breakfast bill of $65 for the two of us, we decided to eat out of the hotel the rest of the time. But with the shops and restaurants of the west end just a few blocks away, it wasn't a problem at all. The staff was friendly and helpful, check-in and out was a breeze and we'd go back here in a heartbeat simply because of it's fantastic location as a launching point the this great city.D. MillerLos Angeles, USA	
Feb 27 2007 	Very convenient for many attractions	I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend during a London sight seeing holiday. We stayed in Rm 432, a junior suite (however did get it at reduced rate due to contacts).The room was great, fairly big and was at the front of the hotel overlooking the Strand. It was a bit noisy at night if you're not used to city noise however a pair of earplugs did the trick. The actual hotel itself was very quite, not the usual banging of doors that you get in most hotels at night.The cleaning lady did forget to replace our toiletries most days, but if we asked we got what we needed so it wasn't a problem.Breakfast was standard Thistle fayre which is actually pretty good with plenty of choice and always fresh fruit available. The serving staff did seem to have some problems in bringing you more than three halves of toast but again, if you ask then you eventually get what you're after!The location is brilliant, minutes away from restuarants, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, galleries etc etc.All in all, a good hotel for a sight seeing base.	
Feb 5 2007 	Good but ask for certain rooms/locations	I had to stay at this hotel as we were having a corporate event there the following day. Although my two colleagues were put in rooms very close to each other, I was placed in the far side of the building, having to go up to the first floor, across to the other wing, then back down in the lift before I arrived at my room. Room 800 is a room right next door to the lift. The room itself was fine, the bed was nice, but for £160 it was a complete rip off - I suppose you pay that price for the location. The iron and ironing board was one of those fixed ones in a cupboard behind the room's main door. Obviously designed and installed by someone with no common sense, as in order to stand and iron you had to squeeze in between the iron board and the room door, with the cupboard door permanently bashing against your arm as it was trying to close back into place. Once I got into bed with the television off, I could clearly hear the lift going up and down all evening. All in all the place was ok but my main tips would be - ask if you can be located in the main hotel, NOT the Buckingham wing. Also stay away from room 800 at all costs! The staff were all extremely helpful and polite and gave us £50 off the room cost when our office manager complained to the hotel about my room when I returned from the business trip.	
Feb 3 2007 	Delighted!	We chose the Thistle Charing Cross for a birthday weekend in London after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and were delighted by all aspects of our stay. Check in and check out were excellent experiences and all the staff we encountered were friendly, well-trained and efficient. Our advance request for a high floor room had been met and our room was lovely and very quiet (we had booked an Executive double, which was situated in the wing behind the Strand). Furniture and fittings were of a high standard, there was an iron and a fold-out ironing board, a room safe at head height and an electronic sign for Please Do Not Disturb/Please Make Up The Room instead of the usual card to hang on the doorknob. Our requested newspaper was outside the door early each morning. The hotel’s location is ideal for Theatreland and Covent Garden, both of which are just a short walk away. It is also excellent sited for taxis, being next to and above Charing Cross station where they are constantly arriving. There are shops at the station that sell all essentials and a branch of Marks &amp; Spencer which stays open until midnight. In the room there were occasional very minor sounds from trains but this was not disturbing at all.Breakfast was included in the price and was served in a most imposing room. Although it was very busy on the Sunday morning, our tea/coffee and toast order was taken and delivered promptly and the hot buffet items were constantly replenished.There was a fire alarm at 3.00 am one morning and the evacuation was supervised professionally and courteously by the staff on duty. Despite being in the middle of the night, everyone knew what they had to do and did it well. Although fortunately it was a false alarm (caused by a guest smoking in a non-smoking room), the way in which it was handled was very reassuring.We made positive comment about our stay on departure and the check out/concierge staff were visibly appreciative of this.We will definitely return to this hotel and did not want to leave!	
Dec 31 2006	Great Mini-Break in London	We have just enjoyed a short break in London at the Thistle Hotel, Charing Cross. We booked it via Expedia, which provided a cheaper deal. As a family of two parents and two teenagers (boy and girl), we wanted two twin rooms. Unfortunately, due to the hotel being full of American school marching bands (here for the New Year's Day parade), there were no twins available.After much discussion, we ended up in two junior suites, thanks to a free upgrade, with double/kingsize beds The staff were very courteous and apologetic, pointing out that one should always confirm bookings to secure the facilities/special requests desired.The rooms were in the main building and refreshingly modern (hate chintz),. Tho' overlooking the Strand, it was very quiet.As previous guests have pointed out, the hotel is in a great location, ideal for trips to the theatre, Covent Garden and a boat ride.Breakfast was taken at the Starbucks across the road and there are plenty of grocery shops for supplies such as mineral water. DO NOT TOUCH the minibar!Would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 8 2006 	Good hotel great location	This is the 4th time I've stayed at this hotel and it has never let me down. Check in is always courteous and we normally get allocated a room straight away even though we usually arrive early.The rooms have varied in size but they're always clean and the bathrooms very good. There's tea and coffee making facilities and hair dryer, safe and ironing board.The best thing about this hotel is its location. 2 minutes to Trafalgar Square, 5 minutes from Covent Garden, probably 10 mins to Leicester Square and China town.For central London, I haven't found anywhere better when based on value and location.	
Dec 6 2006 	Wonderful English Hotel	We had a five night stay at the Thistle Charing Cross. I have no complaints about anything. The room was smaller than USA hotel rooms but it was comfortable, quiet, and nicely decorated. It was great having an espresso machine in the room. If or when I return, I will be staying here.	
Nov 28 2006 	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION ( London Lovers from Miami)	BOTTOM LINE: - For the price, location and the décor/amenities of this hotel, it is without doubt one of the VERY BEST Hotels (if not the best) to stay in London as a Tourist.LOCATION: - The hotel is located above the Charring Cross Station in Covent Garden. For starters, Trafalgar Square is right across from the hotel. Secondly, from the hotel the London Eye, Westminster Abbey, The Parliament, the Theaters of the West End, Soho, Piccadilly Circle, and the Royal Festival Hall are about 10 –15 minutes walk away. Buckingham Palace, the main stores of Oxford Street and the Tate Modern Museum are 20 –30 minutes walk away. In addition, the host of restaurants, retail stores and quick food shops of Covent Gardens and the Charring Cross Railroad Station are at your doorstep. Also, at your doorstep, are the Tube/Subway, Railroad Station and every London Bus you will need to get around the City. (Note: The Bus is the best way to see the London. Buy an Oyster Pass and go riding. Recommend you start with the No 11.). AGAIN, YOU CANNOT ASK FOR A BETTER LOCATION. HOTEL PROPERTY – The hotel was nicely appointed and our room was quite large compared to the standard hotel room in London. (Remember that the average hotel room in London is 1/3 smaller than in the US.) We stayed in the newer Art Deco side of the hotel, which was beautiful in Décor and Style. The bed in our room was large and VERY COMFORTABLE (Again not the norm for London). The hotel is rated as a Four Star hotel and does fulfill the rating.CONS- The following are only MINOR Flaws but they are worth mentioning: Breakfast – If you do not get this as a free perk in your package do not buy the Continental or especially the British Breakfast. In general, by typical American standards, the British Full Course Breakfast is awful and the breakfast at the Charring Cross falls into the typical pattern. Best Bet – Walk down the side street at the right of the hotel and you will find several charming spots offering good breakfast choices at a reasonable price. Noise - we stayed at the back at the hotel so we did not hear the any possible noise from the Strand, which is one of the busiest streets in London. 24/7. However, we did hear the slight rumble of the train on an occasional basis, but this was not loud enough to disturb our sleep or rest in anyway. The only disturbing noise we experienced was the banging from other guests closing their room doors. This is a universal problem at most hotels and not only at the Thistle Charring Cross. Don’t know why hotels cannot add a closing spring/device that &quot;gently&quot; closes their hotel room doors. AGAIN - THIS IS THE HOTEL TO STAY IN LONDON FOR THE BEST POSSIBLE VACATION.	
Nov 28 2006 	Would not Stay here again or recommend!	My husband and I spent our last two nights in London at this hotel. We decided to try this hotel based on the excellent reviews we read on Tripadvisor. Sadly, our experience was the complete opposite. I am not 100% sure that you get the same service if you use an online booking site, however, they didn't have our reservation right.We had decided to &quot;splash&quot; out and book an executive room. They tried to put us in a double room then argue with us until we provided a print off of our reservation. They sent us to room 804 in the Buckingham wing - an odious and confusing journey dragging our bags all through hells half acre to get there. The curtains were grey with smoke and the room overlooked Villiers street, with a nice little ledge for someone to jump onto and break into the room. The windows are about 100 years old in this room. So, we called and had our room switched. We were moved to a smaller room that was on the 5th floor. 888. This floor was a non smoking floor but it smelled very strange.Our bathroom light was broken, it kept flicking on and off. We called to have it fixed, but they never fixed it. The alarm on the TV also went off 5 times that morning and we couldn't turn it off. However, the next day when we went to set it, it didn't go off at all.When we had initially checked in they told us we would get a daily complimentary paper - NOPE! We had to call for the paper,, and on the second day, after waiting for an hour, they actually tried to charge me for it as they couldn't find our file in the system...so, does that mean we were just essentially squatting there? Furthermore, when we tried to make an outbound call, our phone was blocked, apparently they had lost our credit card information. Horrible. I would not ever recommend this hotel to anyone. It is a run down dump, unless you get it for free - forget it!	
Nov 12 2006 	Best Location for Sightseeing!!!	I booked this hotel based entirely on the fact that many reviewers here mention the location as being fantastic, and they were right. We were absolutely delighted with the fact that we were right on 2 tube lines; Charing Cross and Embankment. Only 2 stops to Oxford circus and Regent Street shopping and just a couple more stops to places like the Planetarium and Madame Toussauds. We were within walking distance of The London Eye, London Aquarium, Big Ben, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Theatreland (walked to Spamalot!) Soho and Chinatown. By walking distance I do mean just that, no more than a half mile to anything I just mentioned. Buckingham Palace was only about a mile away if that. We rarely took a taxi and when we did it was just because we were too lazy to walk the hundred feet to the tube station and too lazy to deal with all the stairs in the stations! Shows that were playing nearby were Spamalot, The Producers, Stomp, Avenue Q, Evita, Lion King and a few more, we almost bought tickets on the spot as we just happened to be walking by so often.As for the hotel I thought I was great. It does seem from the other reviews and photos here that the rooms in the Buckingham wing are a lot smaller and in a different style to those in the main building where we stayed ( for 5 nights). Our room was of a decent size by London standards, very clean, modern and bright with a small commercial-grade espresso machine lurking in the corner! The room was fitted with all the usual equipment; kettle, mini bar, wifi connection, safe, ironing board etc. The bathroom in our room was ENORMOUS! Could not get over it, you could have added another bed in there : ) King sized bed was very comfortable.The only few little things that bothered me were: our key was tempermental, had to change it several times. No turn-down service offered. Housekeeping was OK but not great. The STUPID revolving door as you enter makes no sense if you are lugging one big, or heaven forbid two, suitcases as they get stuck in the door and you end up looking like an idiot as you struggle to free them, yourself, your purse and your umbrella from it's vice-like grip! (much to the endless amusement of the reception staff I might add!) Lol, oh the memories.....	
Nov 8 2006 	Except for the phone charges...	My experience with the Charing Cross Hotel was excellent. Even though I was on a Priceline bid, they upgraded me to the deluxe king room. It was huge, quiet, and very comfortable. I loved the bed!Everyone I dealt with at the hotel was friendly. As others have mentioned, the location can't be beat. When I was there, it was warm and humid so the air-conditioned room was a welcome retreat.The problem? I used the hotel room phone in an emergency situation to call home. The hotel charged me about $10 for five calls. But when I got my charge card bill, another entity had charged me almost $200 for less than ten minutes of calls. The hotel sent me a nice response to my complaint, but essentially said it was not their problem. But why do they contract with such a price-gouging firm? It doesn't show much respect for their guests and marred an otherwise delightful experience.I still give them a good recommendation. Just don't use the phone!	
Nov 4 2006 	Great location-Okay value	This hotel is all about location. You are literally in the heart of London. We stayed here on a priceline bid of $85 which is a great value. Asked for 2 adjacant rooms, were alloted 2 rooms in the Buckingham Wing 823 and 846. The lady at he counter ensured they were on the same floor, 6th. Turns out one was on the first floor and the other on ground. The rooms are tiny and have a very old worldly feel to them. The promised &quot;coffee making equipment&quot; was missung and on enquiring was told that it didnt come with &quot;that room&quot;. I dont know if it was a reference to the priceline booking but I really didnt care since the first shop ont he street next door sold cappacinos for 69 pence. The bathroom is of decent size though to mee the toiletries were pretty bad. The bath soap didnt smell pleasant at all and I used my own shower gel thru the stay. Its a good hotel to crash after busy London sight-seeing but please dont get stuck in the Buckingham wing.	
Oct 28 2006 	Acceptable but poor value	This hotel is OK. No more, no less. Plus points:- It's conveniently located for a number of visitor attractions, shops and businesses.- The central areas are comfortable and impressive. The bars and dining rooms are quite impressive- Generally friendly and attentive service, particularly at breakfast- Given that it is right next to a large station and some of the busiest roads in London, it is quiet in the rooms.Minus points- For what you get, the value is not great- Poor range at breakfast e.g semi skimmed milk only, 1 type of fruit.- No gym or pool- Non-smoking rooms often smell of stale smokeRooms.There are two types of rooms - modernish ones with blonde wood wardrobes, and simple furnishings. These tend to be larger and in the main body of the hotel. In the Buckingham Wing, rooms are smaller, chintzier and the bathrooms a bit more tired. Which type you prefer will depend on you, but I would advise that you request not to be put in the Buckingham Wing.	
Oct 25 2006 	Beautiful hotel - great location	The Thistle Charing Cross is a lovely hotel, situated atop the Charing Cross train station. It's close to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Parliament and everything else you want to be near in London. The Hop-on-Hop-iff Sightseeing bus is also right there in the parking lot.The staff is friendly, and the rooms are nice, neat and clean! We ate most of our breakfasts/lunches in the nearby restaurants - McDonald's Subway and more are right outside the door. Dinner was usually at a local pub, of which there are many!Not too flashy, but a great hotel for the price. And I totally recommend checking online deals -- because we got our room for £80-100 less online than they charge on site or on their own website.	
Oct 23 2006	Great location	We have just returned from 2 nights at the Thistle Charing Cross where we stayed while celebrating a birthday weekend. There were six of us in our party and we chose the hotel for its central location. We all live just a train ride from London so most of us had never stayed overnight in town before.The best thing about the hotel is definitely its position. Many of the activities we had organised were just a few minutes walk away, such as tea at the Savoy, dinner at Simpsons-in-the-Strand and the theatre at Covent Garden. We only needed to use public transport once, when we visited Harrods one morning. The rooms were modern and very clean but our's was extremely small, even by London standards. The fact that our bathroom was very large made this situation more odd! However, the other rooms occupied by our party were bigger with slightly smaller bathrooms. Our rooms were all next to eachother on the second floor, near the beautiful sweeping staircase. I was worried that this would mean a lot of noise but I didn't hear any late at night. There was some noise from Villiers Street below our window but not enough to keep us awake.A major downside to our room was the revolting smell of cooking oil from time to time. We must have been near to an extract vent for the kitchen because it was very strong. Also, our kettle didn't work and the staff were not very helpful or sympathetic when we asked for a replacement. When I phoned downstairs, I was put through to an extension that just rang continuously so I had to keep phoning reception before someone finally dealt with the problem.The breakfast was good but only worth it if it's included in the price of your stay, as in our case. The food was hot and plentiful but the staff were not exactly welcoming. The minibar was extremely expensive - £1.75 for a Mars Bar! - so stock up on snacks and drinks at the convenience store just up the road so you won't get tempted!All in all, I would stay here again for the location but I would ask to see (and smell) the room before accepting it!	
Oct 23 2006 	The place to stay in London	My husband and I stayed here for 10/13 through 10/15/2006. The location of this hotel is amazing, right at Charing Cross tube stop and near Embankment. We walked to Covent Garden from this location. The room was clean and lovely. It had the amenities we require, including room safe, and some that were just nice extras, like a heated towel rack.The staff was very friendly. We did ask the desk for a non-smoking room on a top floor, were told we were being given one, and then were placed in a smoking room on a lower floor. However, as we were on a very tight schedule we did not go back to the desk to ask again for a non-smoking high floor , so we didn't give them a chance to make it right, but I do note the error. As noted in previous reviews, rooms near street level suffer from early morning garbage truck noise.We were asked if we wanted a room in the old part of the hotel or the new part. When I stay again I will ask for a room in the same building as the lobby. Getting to the attached building required travelling a complicated route which included two elevators.The internet connection in our room did not work. The staff tried to troubleshoot it, but it was a bigger problem than replacing the modem could fix. We didn't ask to move to another room, again due to a tight schedule, so I don't know if the hotel would have been able to fix this. If we had planned to stay longer this would have been a much more serious problem.Despite the glitches I loved the hotel's location and comfort and plan to make this my home base whenever I'm in London.	
Oct 17 2006	Location Location Location	Just returned home from a stay at the Thistle Charing Cross with my husband. Had a fantastic time!! We love London anyway and make quite regular visits but we both agreed this is the best visit so far, mainly due to the location of this hotel. Right in the heart of all the places we like to spend out time...Piccadilly, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, etc etc etc. Not to forget the hotel itself....it is clean, comfortable and any requests were dealt with immediately....we found the staff to be very helpful! Breakfast was ample. Will definitely be staying here again!	
Oct 8 2006 	Very good hotel	I stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross for two nights in early October, 2006. This was my third trip to London.This is a good hotel. The staff weren't overly friendly, but they weren't rude either.The restaurant was good, and the breakfast buffet, though pricey, was very good.The room size was large for a European hotel. The pillows and linens were higher quality than I've found for similar hotels in the EU.The bathroom was small, but it had a full tub/shower. It was acceptable.The location is great. You are right on top of the Charing Cross tube station, adjacent to Covent Garden (a large area of restaurants, shops, theaters, and nightlife), and right around the corner from Trafalgar Square. It is within walking distance of Parliament and Buckingham Palace. There is a pharmacy (Boots), and a small boutique grocer next door. You really can't beat the location.The room was clean, but is in desparate need of an update. The walpaper was shredded on the corners from where people had rubbed it with their luggage. Otherwise it was very good.The hotel is very pricey, but with the exchange rate as high as it is, that is to be expected.One more thing about traveling to London... take an umbrella. It will be raining.	
Oct 2 2006 	Excellent Location	Stayed for five nights at the end of September 2006 and booked through Londontown.comRoom was a &quot;deluxe double&quot; with one double bed. Room was good sized with a sitting area and bathroom had a marble vanity and a tub/shower combo with a full shower curtain and excellent water pressure. Room was in the Buckingham wing and very quiet. No disturbances from the railroad station since this wing is not over the station but directly next door.Staff were very friendly and helpful. Overall good housekeeping and the room was in excellent repair. Excellent air conditioning system!Breakfast buffet which was included in the rate was extensive and included juices, cereals, fried and scrambled eggs, toast, sausages, bacon, mushrooms, baked beans..the usual &quot;full English&quot; fare. Breakfast room is large and the service was very good. Free newspapers offered. The hotel has a &quot;business center&quot; (4 Pounds for 20 minutes) if you don't wish to use the in-room internet connections.The location, as has been noted, is excellent and within very easy walking distance of Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, as well as the Thames. The Charing Cross Tube stop is adjacent and the Embankment Tube stop a very short walk down Villiers Street. Lots of restaurants (several Italian places), MacDonalds, Pret-A-Manger, Marks &amp; Spencer food, snack stores, take-outs, and three-four coffee shops including Costa and Starbucks are close by. EasyInternet is just down the street.We had a minor problem with the room rate which differed from that guaranteed by Londontown but that was very cheerfully and immediately rectified by the front desk staff when I pointed that out.I would not hesitate to stay again. For London it offers great value for money.	
Oct 1 2006 	Brilliant Location	We stayed there at the beginning of september and booked a Junior Suite. The hotel was lovely, the staff very friendly but even better was the location. You are literally bang smack in the middle of London. 2 mins walk from Trafalgar Square. Plenty of pubs and restaurants on the street next to the hotel. Find Gordons wine bar defo worth a visit. No noise surprisingly and it's right next to the metro. Fabulous.	
Sep 24 2006 	Good Choice	This hotel is worth it just for the location. I would definitely stay here again. It is within walking distance of sereval attractions and 2 different tube stations. There is also a pharmacy, a small grocery store, and several restaurants very close to the hotel.The rooms were very clean, neat and modern. They have a full bath and are pretty spacious.The breakfast was included in our room rate, but if its not included in your rate, its really not worth the cost.The staff were very friendly, but not very helpfull. I had some trouble checking out because I booked through an agency and i knew I was supposed to pay for the room myself, but I was unable to convince them. I decided to take care of it after i returned to the States.	
Sep 20 2006 	Great location	The Thistle Charing Cross could hardly be more convenient for visitors who want to see the top attractions in London. Our room was clean and well decorated. The bed was comfortable yet we would have preferred a queen, king or twins instead of a double. We asked and they said they had only doubles.Overall, we liked the hotel can would probably return but there were two problems. (1) We made four local telephone calls (all to numbers in London, but some distance from the hotel) and they charged $8-$10 dollars per call. We only talked 2-3 minutes per call. I thought the charge was highway robbery and I told them as much. No matter, they would not lowered or waive the charge. (2) The concierge was not very competent. We asked for assistance in printing our boarding passes before departure and he had no idea what we wanted. We printed them at an Internet Cafe nearby. Later, the pleasant and attractive lady at reception told us we should have asked her. She could do it for us easily.	
Sep 12 2006 	Priceline booking !!!! Great great location historical property	We loved the location. Right on the tube line, across from Trafalgar square. Walking distance to everything. 10 min the leichster square, Buckingham, Picadilly Circus, Regent St, The Eye, 15 mins to Hyde park, Harrods, Diana Memorial, Oxford St, Wesminister Abby, parliment, Churchill war rooms etc etc. So much to see and do. We enjoyed the Marks and Spencer food store in the lobby for quick fresh snacks. There is a Mcd's beside and a Starbucks across the street. The rooms was huge with a king size bed and a huge bathroom. The staff and concierge were more than willing to assist. The Sherlock Holmes pub is right down the lane and worth a visit...a real english pub. We would recommend this hotel and thought the $125/nt mid August excellent value.	
Sep 9 2006 	Location is unbeatable	If you're in town for a couple of days and want to be in the heart of many of the big sights, and don't want to shell out a small fortune to do it, you should consider this hotel.The hotel sits atop the Charing Cross station, yards from Trafalgar Square, and within walking distance to nearly everyting. Have a little time to kill before dinner? Just pop over to the (free) National Gallery and peek at some of the masterpieces--it's practically right next door! My wife and I enjoy walking everywhere and so were not bothered by the distance to the Tower of London (~2.5 miles), British Museum (~3/4 mile), or Buckingham Palace (~3/4 mile). Not into walking? The tube is right under your feet or take one of the several busses that stop right in front of the hotel. Take the train from Embankment to Kew for a day--you won't regret it.The rooms are plenty large and comfortable. We had a room on the 4th floor overlooking Villiers Street and could just barely hear the revelers on a busy (and late) Saturday night--but nothing that kept us awake. Despite being atop a rail station, it is remarkably quiet. I'm a light sleeper and could just hear the low rumble of a train from time to time, which I rather liked, actually.Hotel staff was courteous and attentive. Our flight arrived before the usual check-in time but did not have any problems checking in early. The return flight left well after check-out, but the concierge held our bags for us (in a secure location) while we got in some last minute sightseeing.The location of this hotel cannot be overstated. There are so many restaraunts and theatres and conveniences nearby, plus the Tube, not to mention Embankment Pier which provides ferry access along the Thames.The hotel is easy to find. In Google Earth or Google Maps type 51 30'30&quot;N, 0 7'29&quot;W	
Sep 6 2006 	Location is everything - never even took a bus!	Did copious research prior to selecting a hotel in London. Had initially booked at the Trafalgar Square property (looks like a public housing project and is not as up to date) and then moved over. Shop around if you want to stay here as Orbitz offers better pricing including the huge British buffet breakfast, vs. Expedia that charges more and does not include breakfast. Room 627 (sixth floor is non-smoking and it seemed that guests honored this restriction) was on top floor so it minimized noise from adjacent train station, was roomy by British standards, and had all modern conveniences. We wanted to use the fridge for snacks so hotel staff happily cleaned out the minibar so we could do so. Also, it was still hot outside so the AC was great! The heavy duvets were removed and housekeeping switched to sheets and blankets instead which was a cooler option. Feather pillows were promptly delivered after we asked the housekeeper to take the foam rubber slabs away. The location of this hotel cannot be beat - we walked every day to sightsee, eat out, etc. and only took two short taxi rides late at night on way home from dinners/barhopping so never had to buy tube/bus passes. 24 hour Tesco Metro mini-supermarkets were within three blocks, plus many restaurants that offer take out- Exotica on Villiers street, 50 feet from hotel's front door had very good international food at good prices. After 5 nights here, we had only put a small dent in our sightseeing and shopping wish list, plus got to see the final leg of the Tour de Britain bike race and two free concerts at Trafalgar Square. We will be back, as it pays to stay centrally located and walk vs. being tied to tube and bus schedules and associated expense!Buy a used copy of Time Out's Cheap Eats or download their top picks for Central London for free - we hit four of their recommended spots and were very happy with these meals. Also, visit toptables for dining offers. Skip the rip off Starbucks chain locations and go with the local coffee cafes for better value. Stroll east toward the Savoy hotel and visit the Coal Hole pub - where Gilbert &amp; Sullivan and other performers used to hang out in between shows at the Savoy Theatre. About 10 minutes walk inthe other direction is the Sherlock Holmes pub, complete with recreated room from the books/movies. Take the Original London tour bus for orientation around the city that departs adjacent to Trafalgar Square- a four minute stroll from the hotel, and then partake of the Choices option for 3 pound fish &amp; chips lunch..ok food at the Sherlock Holmes, with a few tables out on sidewalk.What's not to like about the Thisle Charring Cross? Slamming doors! Every morning we awoke to a chorus of slamming doors. It would be hard to sleep after 8:00Am due to the noise. If sensitive, get a room away from maid's closets, service elevators, and the elevators which &quot;talk&quot; as doors open and close on each floor - maddening! On the positive side, if you leave the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; light indicator on, they won't bother you (just the slamming of adjacent doors will) but your room will not be serviced.If you need a taxi on Saturday or Sunday, book in advance as they are not as plentiful at the taxi stand next door at the station. Note that there is no &quot;Down&quot; escalator at Charring Cross tube station, only an &quot;Up&quot; escalator, and tube station and airport escalators and elevators are notoriously unreliable. Taxi fare from Paddington to hotel was 11 pounds, 12 pounds to return to Paddington on trip home. Had to haul my suitcase up two flights of stairs from Heathrow express train station rather than wait for 20 minutes to get into the only functioning elevator (two were out of service..what else is new?) When asking about restaurants with Concierge, be clear about your budget. They sent us to a lovely and very pricey spot - Axis at the One Aldwich Hotel. Snooty staff, and high prices to match. We would have been happier in the other more casual spot inside the same hotel for dinner. If you like quieter bar/lounge settings for drinks, do go here and enjoy the relative calm in another wise party-central neighborhood, especially on weekends. If the hotel staff books you a meal reservation, ask for details on the spot as the staff members tend to change shifts and not share the information with the next crew, leaving everyone to sort out/do detective work to find out where your next meal is booked.	
Sep 3 2006 	Wonderful stay	This is a wonderful hotel in a great area of the city. My room was large, well decorated, clean and comfortable. The tube stop is right outside and busses to almost everywhere are right out front. It is an easy walk to theatres, Covent Garden and Picadilly Circus. Anything that you might need is very close by. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 28 2006 	Good place - VERY central	This Hotel is a very centrally located and is on a bus and a few subway (&quot;the tube&quot;) routes. (oh --and Starbucks is right across the street)Once I got there I paid an extra 34 pounds to upgrade to the suite. It was a very nice room indeed. Breakfast was greatService was greatVery clear and modern roomsFree Internet in the lounge, but something ridiculous like 40 pounds a day for in room internet (that's my only negative).Anyway....for 100 - 134 pounds a night is VERY well worth it in London !!! (ps - call &quot;londontown for the best rates&quot;. )	
Aug 24 2006	Location! Location! Location!	This is a charming hotel in the perfect location. It's located above &quot;the Tube&quot;. You can't get any better than that. The subway entrance is literally like 15 feet from the entrance! How awesome is that! And it's about 1.5 blocks from Trafalgar Square, 3 blocks from Westminister Abbey, and walking distance to most other attractions. We did have to use 2 different elevators but it was not a problem. We asked for a non-smoknig room but there were none available the day that we checked in. But they promptly moved our stuff the next day and it was ready when we returned from our excersion into the city. It is also very close to the theaters. We watched a musical and were able to walk there. The room was very clean. The furniture was nice and modern. I had a very pleasant experience there and would recommend it to anyone!	
Aug 22 2006 	Fabulous Value	I paid GBP 119 per night inclusive of VAT and breakfast. This represented tremendous value for money and was GBP 70 per night cheaper than the hotel I had originally booked. We arrived very early at the hotel (7am) but were able to check in immediately. The check in was flawless and the receptionist was very friendly and attentive. When we arrived in the room there was a bottle of champagne which we had not ordered. Before risking a huge bill, we checked with the front desk who informed us it was left from the night before when the guests did not turn up. We were welcome to keep it with their compliments. Say no more :)The room was small, but very clean. We had a view out of the front of Charing Cross via a small side window. Bed was comfortable. Bathroom was modern and clean. The location of this hotel is ideal for any visitor to London. Charing Cross is served by main line as well as two underground lines directly at the hotel, whilst Embankment station is a short walk away.From the hotel we could easily walk to Covent Garden, Whitehall, Westminster, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, Leicester Square and Picadilly Circus. Breakfast was in a beautiful old Victorian room. Food was pretty average and the waiters could not cope with a sudden rush due to a large tourist group, but for the price, you can harldy complain.I notice that the Thistle chain regularly have special offers and I would strongly recommed to check their website. This hotel as well as the one at Horse Guards Parade seem to gain the best reviews.Another tip for all tourists to London, check out the London Pass at www.londonpass.com. This represents outstanding value for money. We saved a lot of $$$ with this card and managed to visit a lot of places we probably would not have gone if we hadn't had the card. Well worth it.London is a fab city and the Thistle Charing Cross is a perfect location to experience it from.	
Aug 19 2006	Good location large room disappointing service	The hotel is very conveniently located, and my (executive) room was surprisingly large and well appointed for a mid-range London hotel.The lift was not working, which the front desk did NOT tell me at check in when they asked if I needed help with my bags. It remained out of order for the 3 days I was there.I did not choose &quot;breakfast included&quot; in my reservation, but when I checked in I was told that it was included anyway. When I went down to breakfast the next morning I was told it was NOT included. When I went my room to get my luggage and check out, it was 5 minutes after check-out time, and my key had stopped working. They had literally turned it off, though I had not checked out. Since I could not find a house phone, I had to walk down two flights of stairs and across two lobbies to get to the front desk and get a new key, in order to go UP two flights of stairs to get my luggage, which I then carried DOWN the same stairs again.Although the hotel is in an area with very busy traffic, my room in the back looked out on Buckingham Street, which is both quiet and charming.Overall I'd stay there again, for the room size and the location. If you go, just be aware that service standards are not the same as US standards and adjust your expectations accordingly.	
Aug 2 2006 	Unbeatable on Location	We spent some time researching hotels in London around the £100 a night mark and finally settled on the Thistle Charing Cross. We had already visited London for a long weekend earlier in year and stayed in Kensington so we had were keen to compare the locations. The hotel is the old railway hotel for Charing Cross station. Walking out of the front door the station and underground station is immediately on your left. A two minute walk west is Trafalgar Square, just south of that is the statue of King Charles which marks the centre of London and the point where all distances are measured. Within 5 minutes walk from the hotel is Leicester square, Covent Garden and Embankment. About 10 – 15 minutes walk will see you at Westminster Abby and Buckingham Palace. Fantastic if you want to save money and not buy a Travelcard.Checking into the hotel was straight forward and the staff were very friendly. The main staircase is very impressive, with a nice seating area at the bottom. We were on the 4th floor; the room was very clean and looked like it had recently been revamped. It even had a plug socket for American appliances (110V). The only criticism for the room was the size. It had obviously been a reasonably sized room when it was built but once the fitted wardrobes and en suite had been added the room lost about half its size. It was fine for the two of use though for three nights but anything longer than a week would get a bit uncomfortable.All in all the hotel was very reasonably priced, well appointed and has a fantastic location. I would highly recommend.	
Jul 28 2006 	Fantastic central location. Close to everything!	Great location, clean and staff is very helpful. My Mom and I stayed there last year. Our room was not available so we got an upgrade for the night. Lavazza cappucino/espresso maker was nice . Penhaligon's shampoo, etc. is a nice plus. Bathrooms were spacious and clean. Bed was very comfy.Had afternoon tea at the hotel too. Very good and cheaper than most places. Plus, a great view. We got to look out at St. Martin-in-the-Field's. We were in the newer Art Deco type rooms. Very nice. You will hear some of the trains going out/in since Charing Cross Station is right next to the hotel. For me, a nice sound.Location is fantastic. Right on the Strand. Trafalgar Square, National Gallery, National Portrait Gallery all right there. Boots is right next door. Covent Garden is about a 5 minute walk. Pret a Manger close by too.Embankment tube station is a couple minute walk and Charing Cross Station is right there. Lastly, take Villers St. to the Embankment to see the little Victoria Embankment Gardens. Great little cafe where you can eat a cheap, but tasty English breakfast for under L4 and sit looking at the Thames.	
Jul 12 2006	The Perfect Place to Call Home in London	I've visited London nearly every year and usually stay at the nearby Royal Adelphi Hotel on Villiers Street, just around the corner from the Thistle Charing Cross Hotel. Because my usual place was filled to capacity, I found myself staying here instead. What a blessing! First of all, as a regular visitor to London, it's my opinion that this area is the best place to stay as it's so easily accessible to everything else in the city either by walking or by tube. There are four separate underground lines within one block of this hotel. Our room was wonderful and the breakfast buffet was unbelieveably fantastic. Everything was clean and the staff was most helpful. We took a one-day trip away to Paris and they held our luggage for us and then gave us a room upgrade upon our return. Not sure why, but it was a welcome surprise. I felt no discrimination because of being a &quot;discount&quot; customer. The Coffea coffee shop around the corner has awesome jacket potatoes on their menu and there's a health-food grocery also alongside the hotel. They accomodated our request for vegetarian food and couldn't have been more pleasant about it. There are so many kinds of ethnic restaurants on Villiers Street just adjacent to the hotel. From now on, I'll be calling the Thistle Charing Cross Hotel my home away from home whenever I'm in London. I only wish I could visit more often.	
Jul 11 2006	We loved the Thistle Charing Cross!	After two prior stays at the Thistle Euston, and one stay at the Thistle Marble Arch, we had all but decided that the Thistle chain did not meet our needs or expectations for a comfortable stay in London. Thistle Charing Cross has changed our minds about that!Fantastic location, nice, comfortable AIR CONDITIONED rooms, pleasant staff...we had all our expectaions met, if not exceeded in this hotel. Transportation links could not be easier to reach from the hotel, lots of interesting sights within walking distance, many food choices, too. The room does have one of those crazy 'automatic' mini bars, so if you jostle anything, it will be added to your bill. That was the only downside to the room...it was HOT, the minbar prices were ridiculous, and we would have liked to store water bottles in the fridge. This was a minor inconvenience, thank goodness.We had a wonderful stay the the Thistle Charing Cross, and hope to visit again soon!	
Jul 7 2006 	This is the place to stay	Stayed here for business/pleasure trip for a week and could not ask for a better place at a t better price. The location was perfect with no less than three tube stops within a short walk. Lots of great places to eat nearby and even a Starbucks across the street for those who can’t get by without one.Located at the physical center of London, you’re within walking distance of lots of great spots including the National Gallery, Piccadilly and Trafalgar square (just to name a few). The street was busy, but didn’t find it as noisy some described. The staff were exceedingly helpful and took great pains to recommend restaurants and provide directions. The room was big (for London) with a nice modern feel with somewhat limited storage space. It has a standard mini fridge with a little leftover space for storage, but don’t move anything or you’ll be charged. The only downside was the queen bed was made of two twins with a split down the center- not exactly what we're use to.The pub on premises was very nice with friendly staff. It was the only place to have a nightcap after many of the pubs closed at 11P. Pricing was standard on drinks. Would stay there again in a heartbeat. What a great place.	
Jun 23 2006	Highly Recommend the Thistle Charing Cross	My friend and I stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross in early June and had a great experience. It was our first trip to London and found the location very convenient. We were close to much and for things we weren't within walking distance to there were 2 Underground stations right there (Charing Cross and Embankment). We had a room with 2 twin beds with a sitting area and it was nice size (normal US hotel room size). The bathroom was large and the water pressure was fantastic. The rooms have a hair dryer and AC. AC was very important. It wasn't hot outside but once you're trying to sleep in your room you'll appreciate it. There is also a 24-hour lounge/bar area for residents which was nice since the pubs close so early. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, even with dumb questions like how to dial the US. They also gave a great sushi restaurant recommendation. We also never heard or felt the trains even though the hotel is right above a stop and right at a national rail stop. I'd stay here again if I made it back to London.	
Jun 5 2006	Great Hotel for a great price!	My husband and I stayed here from May 24-28 with a super deal from Priceline. When we checked in at the desk we were offered an upgrade for 35 pounds for a junior suite. I asked if they could include breakfast for that and it was no problem. Well the breakfast alone was 16 pounds per person so why not upgrade.  Steven at the reception desk was wonderful and extremely helpful. He is definately an asset to that hotel. Anything that he could help you with wasn't a problem. I really liked having the room upgrade just for the space. We had room 322 and had a view of the Strand. Big comfy king bed with a duvet and lots of pillows. Nice clean room with a nice sized bathroom. Would I stay here again? In a heartbeat. The location and price couldn't be beat. Lots of little shops and places to pick up food. We had them clear out the minibar so we could put our own stuff in. No problem at all.	
Jun 2 2006	Great Service Excellent Location Awsome Rooms	Stayed at this Hotel for 5 days and arrived very early before check in. They allowed us to check in early and was upgraded for free! had an excellent room and great view. The service was excellent and always reliable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was always looked after at all times of the day. The room was really clean and nice. This is a safe bet.	
Jun 1 2006	For its type excellent.	There are already quite a few reviews for this hotel, and I found most appraisals to be quite accurate. I stayed here for five nights. As someone who travels often to London and is quite familiar with the hotel situation there, I was extremely pleased with the Thistle Charing Cross.From Victoria station (where the Gatwick Express stops), a taxi will run you about £9 (including tip). If you’re traveling light, the tube is a viable option for you – also a quicker one on a weekday. Victoria to Embankment is three stops; from there, it’s a hundred yards (uphill) to the hotel.Nearly every review mentions how good the location is, and I absolutely agree. There are plenty of moderate and upscale restaurants, bars, shops and banks nearby, as well as a convenience store and a McDonald’s, both notable because they’re open very late. Charing Cross tube station, which serves two convenient lines (Bakerloo, Northern), is literally next door.The hotel’s public areas are nicely decorated and well-maintained. This applies to the rooms as well. Mine was in the new wing (as opposed to the Buckingham wing) and was modern and average-sized for Europe.I did have three complaints. The heated towel rack in my bathroom did not work (yet somehow I survived). Because Charing Cross train station neighbors the hotel, you can feel the trains arriving and departing: it’s a presence but not a nuisance. Louder and irritating are the doors slamming in the hallways, a problem because the front door provides little sound insulation. This is especially prevalent mid-morning when the rooms are being made up. It’s unpleasant and difficult to sleep through.My conclusion: Without question, this hotel deserves a higher ranking than #141. Of course you could find a more luxurious (and more expensive) hotel in London, but for its type, the Thistle Charing Cross deserves five stars . . . less one for the slamming doors.	
May 31 2006	A Tale of Two Hotels -- part II	Just returned from a wonderful, 8-night visit to London. My husband and I were traveling with his parents and this trip was his mother’s first to Europe, so a special occasion indeed. Not being as savvy a traveler as ourselves, we decided to handle hotel reservations -- we are familiar with just how expensive hotels can be in London and wanted to make sure we had comfortable and convenient accommodations. We’ve used Priceline during past visits to London and knew we could get a great place for a fraction of the cost. We had to split our stay because Priceline didn’t seem to have inventory for 8 straight nights for 2 rooms. For the first three nights, we stayed at the Millennium London Mayfair (please see review for this hotel), and for the remaining 5 nights, we stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross. We were thrilled to get this hotel, having stayed there during our last trip to London in May ’05.Upon arrival (at around noon) we were told that our rooms would not be ready until 2pm. The front desk clerk was a little surly, but that may have been because they were arranging accommodations for an enormous tour group that had just arrived. For whatever reason, the hotel only had record of one hotel reservation. I had a copy/confirmation from Priceline and after some checking and shuffling; he told me he was able to find a room (not sure what happened there – that’s never occurred in the many, many times we’ve used priceline). The parents wanted to know if they could switch from their deluxe double room to a room with single beds, we were told (by the not-so-nice clerk) that it would cost an additional 35GBP -- obviously we declined. We then checked our bags with the front desk and ventured out. When we returned at around 2:30, the front desk clerk who greeted us was far friendlier that the one previously mentioned. She said our rooms were available and just a few doors down from one another. Since the parents were still out sightseeing, we took the liberty of surveying the rooms and getting the bags upstairs. Both rooms on the 6th floor were spacious with a queen bed, an equally spacious bathroom and were very clean, nicely furnished with no real visible wear or tear at all. One room had two windows, the other just one – but had a little larger sitting area under the window and a fantastic view of the Thames! Overall, I give this hotel a 9.5 out of 10. The lobby is smaller than the Millennium, but tastefully decorated. The staff is friendly and prompt. The bed and room was very clean, comfortable, and nicely decorated -- the bathrooms modern and roomy. The hotel location simply cannot be beat!! Right on top of Charing Cross tube/rail station with dozens of sights, and restaurants just steps away, the Thistle is superbly positioned. The bar is open 24 hours – my husband and I along with friend who lives in London were even able to grab a late night drink in the wee hours of the night (or morning!). There are dozens of little sandwich shops in the alleyway next to the hotel (Villers Street) where you can grab a quick breakfast or lunch for 2 for under 10GBP. Covent Garden, Leicester Square, the National Gallery are within a 10 minute walk or less. This hotel is a REAL bargain if you are able to obtain a room via priceline. I apologize for the length of this review, but wanted to be as thorough as possible. For “PART I” of my London hotel review, please see my post under the Millennium Mayfair for information on how these two properties compare.	
May 16 2006	Very nice hotel - even excellent	My wife and I just spent 2 wonderful nights here. I stayed here nearly 10 years ago as they were making renovations and had forgotten how surprisingly opulent the interior is. I agree with the other positive reviews re. rooms, location, etc. I want to add that the 2nd floor dining rooms and lounge has the look of a 5 star hotel - gorgeously high ceilings, classic paintings, and that grand staircase. Great hotel in the heart of it all.	
May 15 2006	Excellent Position! ~ Odd Dodgy Room	This hotel is situated just a short walk up from the Embanment tube station and right next door to Charing Cross rail station. Just outside you have got Theatreland, Trafalgar Square, National &amp; Portrait Galleries all around you ~ Superb Location. Traditional old railway hotel, nicely renovated and modernised, with quite a plush feel as soon as you enter the smallish reception area, through revolving door. A polite and friendly staff greeting. Along tall regal corridors to a grand sweeping staircase and lifts to all floors. We had booked two rooms. Ours was quite small and very hot (air conditioning seemed to have been on the blink) clean, modern and very comfortable. Good size bathroom, clean and efficient (although our hand basin was cracked). On the other hand our daughter's room, further along the corridor was double the size, clean and modern like ours, but with a perfectly working air-con system - no complaints at all. (We were only staying the one night and were too short of time to complain about our faulty air-con, but on another occasion we would have asked to be moved). We had a few drinks in the upstairs bar late'ish on Saturday night, again a quietish plush ambiance, windows looking towards direction of Trafalgar Square, efficient service ~ but VERY EXPENSIVE drinks. Straight into breakfast on Sunday morning, excellent all-round English Breakfast (unfortunately Pain Chocolat were hard as nails). Many of the hotel staff appeared to be either Russian or Slavic ~ very polite, and friendly in an understated way. If you get a good rate, I would certainly recommend this hotel (ask to have a look at the room first!) ~ I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL FOR ITS LOCATION ALONE.	
May 14 2006	Great location	We stayted at the Thistle Charing Cross for 9 nights and the location can't be beat.It's only 5 minute walk to the Trafalgar Square and about 10 minutes to the Covent Garden.The tube station is right outside the hotel which made it very convenient. There are two Starbucks, japanese, italian and all kind of other foods and convenience stores just around the corner.Staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was kind of small (which was expected), but was clean and comfortable.Breakfast was ok, definitely not worth 16.50 pounds which comes up to about $30 per person. Our hotel rate included breakfast, but expect to pay about $30 per person if not included.We will definitely stay there again	
May 10 2006	Central Location and a nice room	Very nice hotel. Lots of history and it has undergone extensive renovations. Clean and spacious rooms. Shower and Bath in washroom with lots of room to move around. There were no clothes hooks in the washroom,very strange - so we had to use the door knob. No biggie.It's a large hotel so it can be a bit of a walk to elevator (or LIFT as it is referred to in England) to and from your room..Again, it was not an issue to us. The breakfast was good. It was the usual - Back Bacon, Sausages, Friters, Grilled Tomatoes, and eggs done over-easy.They also had tons of cereals and an assortment of canned and fresh fruit.Try to get there for around 8:30 - otherwise, it gets busy and you might have to wait a while to be seated. The hotel staff were polite and dilligent. The hotel is right in the heart of London. So Covent Gardens, SOHO, Lechester Sq.,Trafelgar Sq., the EYE, Westminster Abbey, etc. are all within 10-15 min walk. You got to take the underground if you want to see Buckingham Palace.All in all we would stay here again. Enjoy.	
May 4 2006	Right in the centre of town	A fantastic hotel! Right in the centre of town. Staff were excellent and the accommodation was great. Just a few problems, one was that the lifts weren’t working on the Saturday and after walking around London all day (I don’t do the tube!) having to walk up 6 flights of stairs wasn’t amusing. There was a gentle man on out floor that uses a wheel chair, at least I could walk down and he was stuck. Took them several hours to repair them. The second was the fruit as breakfast was rotten I went to pick an apple up and the whole thing oozed between my fingers – I was totally put off eating anything else.Apart from that the hotel is a great place to stay.	
May 1 2006	Great location	The best thing about the hotel is the convenient location. The secod best thing was the deal we got on Priceline. To be able to stay within walking distance of so many places, and with the trains and tube literally steps away, is wonderful! The hotel itself is adequate. The room was ok, the bathroom was very nice, and the staff was fairly helpful. Be sure to try to stay on a lower floor, as it appears that many priceline people get bumped to rooms very far away from the elevators! Frankly, we stayed a lot further away for a more expensive room our last trip, so we were thrilled with the price and location. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 27 2006	Surprisingly Quiet	I stayed at the Charing Cross last week and was surprised to find out how nice it was bearing in mind that it was above a train station. The room was quiet (you could not hear any trains) and the location was terrific being just down the road from Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square and the Courtauld Institute. The room was nice and the staff were friendly.	
Apr 14 2006	Great Value Amazing Location	We got a luxurious and spacious room by US, and for sure by UK standards on the 5th floor overlooking The Strand for $150 per night on Priceline. This is a lovely grand, old, well maintained hotel in a prime location, next to Trafalgar Square, 10 mins walking to Covent Garden.	
Apr 5 2006 	Absolutely Lovely!!	This hotel went beyond our expectations. Upon arriving at the hotel at 10:00a.m. from Canada, we were told our room was not ready. We didn't expect it to be. We were able to leave our luggage in a secured room by the front dest. We went site seeing for a couple of hours but by 1:00p.m. we were feeling really tired and wanted to get into our room. We walked back to the hotel and our room was ready. Check-in was really quick and efficient. Our room was on the sixth floor. The elevators were really quick. We didn't have much of a view but that was ok. We were over the Charing Cross train station but never heard the trains. Big Ben clock tower was just in our view and every now and again we could hear the bells chime. We did ask for the newer section. The room was lovely. Lots of closet space. Nice big washroom. We had a writing desk/chair and a dresser and a queen bed with two night stands and one armchair. There was a mini bar well stocked but we never used it. The tea/coffee service was used everyday though. It was very clean. Nice big pillows with extra pillows in the closet. We used the safe and the iron/board, also in the closet. The housekeeping staff was very friendly. The full english breakfast was included with our room. It was fantastic. We stayed for seven days and not once did we have to wait in line for breakfast. There were plenty of staff getting us tea/coffee and toast. The food was hot and there was lots of variety. It was in a beautiful old room. The doorman was especially friendly and helpful. He even recommended a great Italian restaurant to us. We had paid in advance so when we needed to check out at 5 a.m we had no problem. A taxi was called for us by the staff upon leaving. The location was great. We only used the tube to get from Paddinton Station to Charing Cross the first day. The rest of the time we were able to walk to everything. I would definitly recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again!	
Mar 30 2006	Great Hotel Fantastic Location	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights from Wed-Sat, we had originally booked the Royal Horseguards but they had over booked so we were moved down the road to the Charing Cross, we had full breakfast included (instead of continental at the Horseguards) and they upgraded our room to a Junior Suite. The room was lovely, we were a bit early checking in so we were given complimentary drinks and updated regularly, we only got about half way through our drinks and our room was ready for us!! Everything was well cleaned, the bed was comfy, there was plenty of room to hang things up and we had a comfy sofa which we later realised was a sofa bed! The only thing I would say is that we didn't have any sort of view, however once you step out of the hotel Trafalgar Square was only about 100m away, which meant we were close to everything, literally minutes away from London Eye, Westminster, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, the Thames, Piccadilly Circus, the Mall etc etc). In the four days we were in London we only used the tube once!Breakfast in the hotel was fantastic, all the full English food was kept hot and was replenished quickly, it all was really tasty and they gave you warm plates so it didn't go cold. All the other things available looked lovely and were well displayed but I'm partial to my full English! The staff were all very helpful, getting our Tea/Coffee &amp; toast quickly and there were no queues. It was busier on Sat morning but there was no waiting around. Also the room where breakfast was held was fantastically old and beautiful with lovely high ceilings and fantastic features.We were in room 315, which was close to the stairs but not noisy at all and you couldn't hear the trains below at all. All in all we had a fantastic stay and at a great price, we booked through Hotel Connect and we paid upfront so when we came to check out of the hotel there was nothing to pay-which was nice as we had spent the last 4 days having food, going out, seeing the sights, and generally spending money!	
Mar 29 2006	Ok'ish	Stayed at the Thistle on the 29th March, the plus points are location, staff try hard, I was upgraded to a junior suite which was excellent. Nice modern room, huge bathroom, real nice bed..The downside was breakfast, which is served in a truly arwful room, which had about 15 people queing up for breakfast at 7-30.Bottom line is if you like old fashioned hotels with charm, then this is for you, if you are into modern hotels then for the same price go to the City Inn Westminster...	
Mar 24 2006	wildly lukewarm	Don't expect a gushing welcome here - the receptionist we got was brusque to the point of rudeness, Try to avoid the rooms in the annexe, reached via a very chilly bridge from the main building - showerhead fell off and pedal-bin broken. Frankly there is a pronounced interest in you here as a credit-card holder to be debited, but not much as a guest to be looked after - a queue of at least 25 people for breakfast at 09.30 on Sunday morning. A pity, as the location is good, public rooms well maintained and senior staff do try. In our opinion there's better elsewhere in the area....	
Mar 20 2006	No Complaints	We had a pleasant stay with our room being on the 5th floor. No queues checking in with polite staff. No noise either from the nearby lift or outside and had view of the Thames. Lovely breakfast and a no hassle checking out.All in all the hotel is in a great location with a reasonable room rate.	
Mar 17 2006	Convenient location but THAT is it!!	A shiney dump. I have not got to much good to say about this hotel. I just did not like being there so i am going to serve up this small dish of complaint!!!! Basically the vibe of this joint is downcast and overwhelmingly uninviting ....i got my first sense of that when i saw that it was located over an underground train entrance. And about the elevators!! This may be old news to anyone who has stayed there before BUT it is my turn to b*tch ...to get to my room i had to take an elevator to the third floor and then walk along a labrynth of hallways to another elevator and take another elevator to the 6th floor. This alone is worth avoiding this hotel unless one is desperate and gets put here in thier priceline bid. The Rooms were small.....weak water pressure in the shower .....pillows lumpy.....scary borderline unfriendly night staff ......i will avoid this hotel in the future. I paid $90US a night on priceline and that was too much....	
Mar 16 2006	Charming Charing Cross	Just returned from a 5 night stay in room 535. I booked through priceline at a price of 88us a night plus tax. Upon arrival, I was upgraded, my guess is because I gave them an imprint of my amex business card for incidentals which I didn't use. My room was perfectly suitable with not much of a view but offices which were far enough away to insure privacy.It was very quiet even though your're, in my opinion at the best location in the city to take in shows and right next to the train station. This and other thistle hotels have additional sound proofing windows along with their original which I used to store my coffee milk and juice as they do have a mini bar in the room and don't want you to use the fridge. The building itself is a stately old gem reminicent of days gone by and luxury for train travelers of yesteryear. The winding staircase is magnificent and can imagine all the use it got before elevators. I never waited for the elevator more than a few seconds and as other thistles they have beautiful prints in the hall for your walk to your room. This theme is of black and white ornamental architectual prints of the hotel and london. Right out front the door is a bus stop, number 11 goes to victoria station and the same bus also goes to chelsea. This locale you can walk to so many places but I did buy the bundled 6 bus tickes for 6pounds. You can also get tickets in front of the stop by putting in 150pound per ticked to be used within one hour. I used the double deckers and sat on top and saw more of London than booking the Original tour bus, which I made the mistake of purchasing. If you must, go with the big bus tour as they are more plentiful and the top is covered, a necessity in London weather. As a woman traveling alone, I felt very safe walking back to my room after the theater, something you could not do in other locales or any big city in the us. They're are plenty of dining choices around and the Sherlock Holmes pub is just down the street. There are Tescos all over for your provisions such as juice and milk, one right next to Trafalger Square which you reach by walking left from the hotel. I was there for the St. Pattys day festivites held in the Square. The National Gallery and Portrait Gallery is also there. Don't get sucked into buying a museum pass, as most are free. Don't miss the British Museum and Tate Modern. As I said, number 11 goes strait to the hotel from Victoria Station and 139 bus from Waterloo if your're going on the Eurostar. Most hotels have great central locations but I feel Charing Cross about the best.	
Mar 11 2006	Good hotel at a great location	We were very pleased with this hotel -- our first stay here. Great location for theatre, National Gallery, tube, Charing Cross station, etc. Staff was very helpful and polite. We upgraded to a small suite and were very pleased. There was a slight hum of traffic, but I am a very light sleeper and heard no noise in the hotel itself. We were in the newer rooms on the sixth floor. Separate shower stall which was a real treat. English breakfast was great. We would stay here again.	
Feb 6 2006	Fabulous location but some negatives...	Fantastic location at this hotel, we really were right in the middle of it. Trafalgar Square to the left, Covent Garden to the right and the Embankment and London Eye just behind us!We had problems with check-in where they gave us a twin room when we had booked a double but eventually that was sorted although the gave us a much smaller room then. Also problems on checking out as they had lost the prepaid voucher we had handed them the previous day.The rooms were lovely and breakfast was delicious although not enough staff to clear the tables so there were large queues of people waiting to be seated.One thing that was negative was the fire alarm going off at midnight. Two short beeps in the bedroom did not mean anything to us but we called reception who shouted at us to get out and then hung up on us.We rushed the fire escape in pyjama's only to find the reception staff milling around the doors smoking.Half an hour later we were let back in the hotel with no explanation or apology. Not much fun for the guests that were shivering outside in their dressing gown's.All in all a brilliant location with clean rooms but below average staff.	
Feb 6 2006	Wonderful	Myself and my boyfriend are just back from a great weekend (3-5 Feb) in London staying at the Thistle Charing Cross. We had one of the newly renovated room (522)with lovely red and cream decor. The staff were lovely and we couldn't fault the breakfast which was included with our package. We booked through Otel and got a great deal of €312 for two nights B&amp;B. You cannot get a more central location - literally twenty feet from the hotel entrance is Charing Cross train station and the Big Bus tour company ticket booth for one of the best open top bus tours around London, five minutes from Trafalgar Square and ten minutes from Leicester Square!!! Also three minutes from this hotel is the Sherlock Holmes pub (great little local pub). We went to two West End shows - Les Miserables and the Lion King - both within walking distances of the hotel or one tube ride away. Great weekend and I'll definitely be returning to the Thistle Charing Cross. I've found my London hotel!	
Jan 30 2006	Loved this Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my Husband and 3 teens December 27th 2005 for 2 nights. I was not expecting too much from this hotel with its 3 star ranking, however I have to say we were all pleasantly surprised. We stayed in the new wing of the hotel in a Junior Suite and Double room. Both rooms were delightful, as were the staff. Interesting when you compare it to the previous hotel we stayed at in London (Claridges). The cost of this hotel was 1/4 of the amount we paid at Claridges and I have to say our experience was so much better. I love the location of the Thistle Charring Cross, perfect for the West End Theatres, and close to many attractions. If you are looking for a clean hotel in a great location this is the place for you. It is also one of the hotels available on Priceline.	
Jan 29 2006	Insufficient heating and noisy staircase doors	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and the room was always much colder than the hallway, even when turning the heating to the maximum. It was simply not strong enough for January. The bathroom did not have a heater to begin with, and when you're coming straight out of bed you may not feel like meeting the January cold in your bathroom. Also the stairway doors slammed noisily whenever used, which happened a lot because the elevator was out of order. We woke up a couple of times during the night. Finally, there were queues to be seated for breakfast, and service was extremely slow. When we complained to a manager about this, an apology was all we got. It's a pity that a hotel with nice rooms (ours was a President King, others may be smaller) in this nice area is so poorly managed.	
Jan 21 2006	Fantastic hotel in an even better location!	I stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross for the first two nights of a two week vacation to England. For most of the trip I stayed with friends but I needed a hotel to stay in London for the first and last two nights. I decided to spend more to get a nicer hotel for the first two nights. I had agonized over which hotel to choose. I am really glad I chose the Thistle. I got into the hotel and the staff was polite and helpful. My room was a deluxe room on the fifth floor. It was gorgeous. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was good too. My room and the hotel were very clean. I paid $316 incl. VAT through expedia for two nights (a Friday and Saturday). That was a great price!The best thing about this hotel however was it's centralized location. There was so much to do around the hotel. By walking distance I consider a ten minute walk or less. As far as Piccadilly Circus is within walking distance. You have that, Leicester Square (which has tons to do), Soho, Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden all right near the hotel. What I realized after staying at a cheaper hotel in Bayswater is that being in the West End was ideal. This is because as a 20 year old college student, I wanted to go out to clubs and bars in Leicester Square area at night. However the tube stops running a little after midnight and I didn't want to fuss with a taxi or bus. At the Thistle I could easily walk back. Also the tube station has an entrance right below the hotel which is extremely convenient!The only gripe I have for this hotel is that they made it really difficult to make a calling card call. You had to dial the hotel operator and ask them to dial the number for you. I highly recommend this hotel especially if you can get it for less than $200 a night.	
Jan 20 2006	I wouldn't waste my money here	Arrived at 9:30 AM and there were two people trying to check out and about 20 people trying to check in. The lobby is very small and dark. This day their computers were down and were making people store their luggage until 12:00 PM. I couldn't complain because check-in isn't until 2:00 PM. I checked my luggage and then went off to have breakfast.I came back at 12:00 PM and then went to check-in. Had the same hotel staff member and he said that my room with a double bed was ready. I had requested twin beds. He than mumbled a couple words and then stuck me in the old wing of the hotel (Orginally I was in the new part). However the only way for me to get a room with twin beds was to take a room in the old wing.To get to the old wing you have to take the elevator up one floor, walk toward a conference/eating room, walk over a covered walkway, then take another elevator down. After about 10 minutes getting to my room, I arrived to an old, smelly, dark, damp room. The wall paper had yellow stains with the wall paper coming off by the window. The carpet had stains all over it and the beds were bad. There was no where to store your luggage either. The bathroom was ok - no real complaints here. Each night we heard drunk people fight out in the streets. Our room faced an alley which didn't look safe. On the morning we left for Scottland, we had to wake up at 3:30 and out the door by 4:30. I had asked the hotel staff to hail us a cab and have one waiting at 4:30. They said no problem. Arrived at 4:30 and they pointed toward the train station where there were three taxis. Went over to the taxis but they wouldn't take us to Victoria because it was too close. We then were harrassed by people in an unmarked van trying to take us to the train station. I then went out on the street to hail a cab myself. The hotel staff was very unhelpful here.No problems at checkout. Basically the location is good but can be sketchy. The old wing of the hotel is in bad shape so if you stay here make sure you ask to stay in the new wing.	
Jan 9 2006	Central Location is tough to beat.	We stayed at the Thistle for two nights between Christmas and New Year and thought enough of it to return a few weeks later with some other family members. It's nothing fancy, but I don't need fancy. My final rating was &quot;above average&quot; and all because of the location/cost ratio.The only negatives:Were told our room would not be read until 2pm, fair enough. We came back at 2:30 and it still wasn't ready. The clerk offered to buy us two drinks in the lounge. The lounge is worth a visit before heading for the evening.Our room keys (cards with magnetic strip) didn't work the first time and required a trip back down to get them re-coded.The positives:It's cheap.A good example of &quot;Railroad Hotel Architecture&quot;A Moderne room to contrast with industrial age victoriana.The amusing little electric signs you turn on and off for &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; or &quot;Please make up room&quot;Fun stair case to skip down.The first floor overpass over Villiers street. It leads to an annex of the hotel but even if your room isn't there go take peek.Location, Location, Location: I'm used to quiet residential settings for my hotel, but I could get used to this location really fast. Your on top of a tube station, and The Strand. You are almost on top of Trafalgar. Pleasant walks to: Westminster, Piccadily, Leicester, theaters, London eye, and another tube station, Embankment, that is on the circle/district lines. The central location also means there is almost anything you might need close by: drug store, pubs, underground wine bar, global chain coffee shop, sushi, breakfast crypts, quiet garden, mock-tudor public convenience, buses, thames, etc.Our room faced the back, no view of course, but was very quiet.If you are there during American Football season, you can easily walk to the Sports Cafe on Haymarket to watch the games late sunday evening.The neutrals:The hotel is well worn, some people find it a turn off yet other people love things with a bit of age.It's a big and busy and part of chain.I shall return.	
Jan 1 2006	More than I could have asked for!	I was expecting to be disappointed by the hotel because I have heard that hotels in London are small, overpriced, and have terrible service, but I was happily surprised. This hotel was great! The reception staff was very helpful. They helped us find a nice place to eat, gave us a free map of London (including tourist destinations), and stored our luggage for free after we checked out so that we could still walk around a bit without dragging our suitcases along. The rooms were gorgeous. There was a big desk in the room where you could work if you needed to, a minibar, a large bathtub (which is hard to find in hotels), and all of the essentials(coffee maker, hairdrier, etc.). The location was probably the best part. The hotel is basically right on top of the Charing Cross Station. We literally only had to walk a few steps to the underground. The hotel is also in walking distance of tourist attractions like Buckingham Palace, Big Ben and Parliament Square, Westminster Abbey, Picadilly Circus, Covent Garden, and Trafalgar Square. Everything else is a short tube ride away. The only problem I can find is a limited selection of television channels. But for me this was not much of a problem because I was there to see London not stay in my room.	
Dec 7 2005 	Do not hesitate stay there.	I have stayed in the Thistle Charing Cross twice. This is an excellent hotel in a superb location. The staff is pretty helpful and the breakfast buffet is one of the best I have ever seen. The rooms are very nice and comfortable, even though the single ones are a little bit small and noisy.Do not hesitate to stay there if you will be in a double room. It is an excellent option near the main London attractions and theaters.	
Nov 5 2005	wonderful weekend at the Thistle Charing Cross	Had a wonderful weekend at the Thistle, Charing Cross to celebrate my 50th birthday. The location was superb,only a short tube ride to the London Eye and Westminster, and a short walk to Trafalgar Square. The bedroom was comfortable with a large bathroom, and the restaurants were both charming, and the staff friendly and helpful. We enjoyed a special French meal in the Strand Restaurant complete with Beaujolais Nouveau. We are looking forward to visiting this hotel again.	
Nov 1 2005	Buckingham wing is old	My room was in the Buckingham wing, which is the older annex wing of the hotel. It was very inconvenient to get to our room; I wondered what would happen if there was a fire! We had to take one elevator to get to the 3rd floor, then another to get to the sixth. The decor in the Buckingham wing is much more traditional than is shown in the user-submitted pictures. The room was of decent size, and all the appointments were clean, although the walls were VERY scuffed up with black marks. The bathroom was roomy. And the location is unbeatable.	
Oct 27 2005	Beautiful grand hotel!	I was quite nervous about staying at this hotel as it's a Thistle-they have some quite dire hotels! But this was real suprise!! It's situated on the Strand by Trafalgar Square above Charing Cross railway/tube station which apparently makes it 'Londons most central hotel.' The reception area is quite small but as you pass it you come to a very grand sweeping staircase which takes you to the first floor where there is a very ornate lounge (with a beautiful ceiling) and a very traditional lounge bar. Drinks are expensive as they're all served in large (50ml) measures but that was fine for me! Food in the resatuarant was of very high quality and presentation was second to none! Definately worth the high price tag! We chose to upgrade our room to a studio-deluxe and it was perfect-air-con, mini bar, spacious seating area, extra cupboard space and a spacious bathroom with separate shower cubicle. It looked very new and well kept. We had a great nights sleep with no noise from the busy streets below. Breakfast is served in the VERY GRAND Betjamen Room-a victorian masterpiece, you could stare at the ceiling for hours!! The buffet style breakfast was great and had a big choice for both English and Continental breakfasts. There is an annexe joint on to the hotel and half the rooms are based there. These rooms are more traditional but with all the same facilities as those in the main building. I heard a few people complaining they had to walk further and take two lifts to get there but they were American they love to complain!!Overall a fantastic hotel in the west end. Thoroughly recommended!	
Oct 13 2005	The most perfect location imaginable for a London vacation	Thistle Charing Cross was really a perfect place to stay for our vacation in London. The room was small, yet very modern and comfortable in design and ammenities. Basically when it comes down to it, the hotel could have been pretty junky and we would have still been thrilled. Why? Because the location is simply amazing. It's within walking distance of almost every major London attraction: less than a block from Trafalgar Square. A short walk from Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus &amp; St. James Park. A medium walk to the theatre district, Big Ben, Westminister Abbey, and Downing Street. A longer walk to the London Eye and Buckingham Palace. What's even better is that if you feel lazy and don't want to walk (or if it's too hot/cold outside) the Charing Cross tube station is right across the street so you can ride the subway instead! Buses and cabs are constantly stopping just outside the hotel, which adds a couple other transportation options. If you're unfamiliar with London travel, you can buy a day pass that allows you to ride all subways, buses, and national rail trains within certain zones (the more you pay the further out you can travel). It makes getting around really simple, and the whole London transportation system is easy to learn. There's a decent pub just around the corner of the hotel called The Sherlock Holmes and a nice little convenience store right next to the hotel if you need a quick bite to eat and don't want to pay for expensive hotel food. On top of all this we got an amazing price for our room through bidding on priceline! Honestly, what more could you ask for? On a side note, we also stayed at the Waldorf Hilton, which is another common hotel for Mayfair/Soho four star bids through Priceline, and it was a little nicer hotel, but not quite as nice of a location. Overall we preferred Thistle Charing Cross.	
Sep 29 2005	Great Location BUT	My wife and I stayed here for a week while we toured London. The location was great because the hotel is right downtown and central to just about everything.We had problems though. The night we checked in the room it was not a twin room as we had paid for. The room had been used because glasses were partially full and refreshments opened. The next day they did change our room to a lovely King room in the older part of the building.This hotel needs an ice machine because it takes an average of 30 minutes to get ice from room service. Our only other complaint is too few TV Stations.	
Sep 27 2005	Loved this hotel; two minor complaint	Have stayed at the Strand Palace, Radisson Pastoria and Mountbatten and Meridien Picadilly and the Thistle Charing Cross has them all beat. In my opinion, it has the best location of any London hotel, just a few minutes walk from Leicester and Trafalgar Squares, and Covent Gardens, and next to both the Charing Cross and Embankment tube stations. The hotel itself was clean, the amenities were great and best of all, fully air-conditioned, which is a big plus during a somewhat hot London weekend. My only complaints, and they're very minor, were the lack of a clock in the room (had to look at my watch in the middle of the night for the time) and the selection of tv channels. I know that with London at your doorstep, there's plenty to do outside. But after long days of walking around town, it would have been nice to wind down watching some tv. All that was offered were five local channels, two sports channels, CNN and Bloomberg, which for some reason, was always in Italian. However, other than these two minor issues, this is a top notch place and would recommended it highly to anyone going to London for business or pleasure.	
Sep 26 2005	Fabulous Location	My friends and I stayed in this hotel for three nights in September. The location is the biggest selling point for this hotel - it's right by Trafalgar Square and within walking distance of Westminster Abbey and Houses of Parliament/Big Ben. The hotel itself is right above the Charing Cross tube/rail station and about a block or two from the Embankment tube station.The rooms were quite nice, and our bathroom was very spacious. Given how expensive hotels are in London, we got these rooms for a fairly decent price through Hotels.Walking from the lobby to the rooms was a little odd, though. You had to climb the stairs (or take an elevator) up a level, walk down a hallway and then take another elevator up to the rooms. If you have mobility issues, this could be a pain.Also, the concierge was not helpful at all. We once asked him for a recommendation for a restaurant in a particular neighborhood. He said he wouldn't give a recommendation; instead, he handed us a list of restaurants, told us to pick one and then said he would call the restaurant for a reservation (as if we couldn't pick up the phone and call for reservations ourselves). That was a minor annoyance in an otherwise very pleasant stay.	
Aug 29 2005	Great location.	My first time in London, and I really like this hotel. Location was great, but my friends and I are avid walkers... so it took us about 20 minutes to walk to Buckingham Palace. I'm not sure most tourists would be willing to do that. Nevertheless, hotel was clean, close to metro, and a few blocks from the river. I traveled with a small group and each 2-person room was different. I happened to be in one of the &quot;newer&quot; rooms, so it seemed. I'd recommend this hotel in a heartbeat.	
Jul 30 2005	Excellent location and price!	I stayed here on a theatre break with a friend who was only in London for the night - we wanted somewhere central to the action so we didn't have to waste our time trying to get around on the tube. After days of reading trip report/hotel reviews, I finally settled on the Thistle Charing cross. I paid £115 (including taxes) for an Executive Twin room. This hotel sits almost directly on top of the Charing Cross train/tube station, but it's remarkably quiet. At night the trains were not noticible at all - in the late morning, I started to notice it a super tiny bit (more like aware of it's presence, it wasn't disturbing at all - and I'm a very light sleeper!). My room had views over the top of the train station, so no traffic noise at ll. The hotel is a 5 minute casual walk to Trafalgar Square, a few minutes further to Picadilly Circus. There is a bar and restaurant in the hotel, but we didn't use them. The room itself consisted of two single beds with duvets and blankets. One pillow on each bed plus a throw pillow - two additional pillows were in the wardrobe if we wanted them (sealed for our protection). The TV had all the usual bits and bobs - pay movies, radio, set wake-up call time. In the cabinet below the TV, there was tea/coffe with kettle (free) and a mini bar. There is a small table and chair located by the window. Near the hallway there is a dressing table - this is where the phone and network connections are. The hallway features wooden/laminate flooring and a double wardrom (iron &amp; trouser press inside). The bathroom is quite large for UK standards - has a shower stall and a bath. There is also a phone over the toilet (uh, no thanks) and I believe volume control so you can here the TV/radio. There was no need for the DO NOT DISTURB card - a switch sorted all that out. My room was on the 4th floor, at the end of the hall not too far from the lifts. Room service is available until 11pm, but I did not use it. There are loads of small shops in teh Charing Cross station if you require anything - the Boots there is very handy for toiletries forgotten.Highly recommended if you want a clean, decent sized place to stay in the center of London.	
Jul 25 2005	Great location great value	Stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross in July 2005 for two nights. Great hotel with reasonable sized rooms by European standard. Excellent location close to many attractions, West End Theatres, Trafalgar square, National gallery, Covent Garden and Leicaster Square. Literally steps away from the Underground stations of Charing Cross and Embankment. I paid $135 US per night. Thistle have a website were you can bid on stays. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 9 2005	Great deal for a super location	I had researched a lot of hotels for our stay in London and had come to the conclusion that an excellent location in central London near the theaters and Trafalgar Square would be out of our budget. Then I bid on priceline for Thistle Charing Cross for nine nights in June: got it at $100 per night, which ended up around 120 with taxes/fees. When we got to the hotel for check-in, a room was ready...my wife and I asked for twins to give us a little more room and sleeping comfort. The room was in an adjacent wing and was really nice. As soon as we opened the door and saw the lay-out, I knew I had the best deal I've ever gotten in several trips to Europe. The room itself had a nice bathroom, a safe, good cable TV and good beds. We loved being right at Trafalgar Square, and the hotel sits next to the Charing Cross train and tube stations, as well as a short walk to Embankment tube station and the Waterloo train station just a tube stop across the Thames. Theaters are within walking distance, as well as Leicester Square, Westminster Abbey and Covent Garden. Just down the street at the river, there is a boat dock for river cruises, as well as a pedestrian walkway across the river for easy access to the London Eye. Out on the Strand, the hotel's street, there are several conveniences: McDonald's (easy carry-out, cheap breakfasts), EasyInternetCafe (for web and email), Starbucks, and other nearby food vendors (E.A.T. and Pret have well-prepared sandwiches and carry-out foods). We used them a lot in London since the exchange rate for full meals makes restaurant food very expensive. We did eat at a restaurant here and there. We also found that the museum cafes have good food and convenient service. Also, theater tickets can be purchased at theater box offices and the half-price tkts booth at Leicester Square. Would recommend that any show you see have an air-conditioned theater: The Producers does not...hot! Well, anyway, with the Thistle Charing Cross as a convenient home base for nine nights, plus two nights arriving and departing at the Jurys Inn at Heathrow...it was a great trip!	
Jun 28 2005	Loved the Thistle!	We loved this hotel! We found it on Londontown.com and cross checked it on Trip Advisor. We stayed there earlier this month for 5 nights. It's in the heart of London, the staff was great, the rates were good, the room is magnificent! We didn't have a view, but we had a huge bathroom, radio, hair dryer, fridge, big and cozy bed. We will definently stay here again, or any other Thistle hotels in England when we go back.	
Jun 27 2005	Great stay at the Thistle Charing Cross	Stayed at the Thistle Charing Cross from 5/29-6/1 2005. This hotel was a great deal for the price. Book online with Thistle directly and received a delux room (really a suite by London standards) for 109gbp per night. Hotel is in the middle of everything, a quick walk to Parliament Square, Piccadilly, and other top sites. Situated immediately between Charing Cross and Embankment stations. The best home-base I can imagine in London. Breakfast was included and was great. The staff was very helpful. The hotel is older, but the a/c and bathroom were up to US standards.	
Jun 8 2005	Good Hotel	Stay at the Thistle Charing Cross on May, 2005 for four nights. Good and clean hotel with a good size room by European standard. Excellent location as close to many attractions. Trafalgar square and the National gallery is right across the street. Covent Garden and Leicaster Square is about 10 minute walk. Literally steps away from the Underground stations of Charing Cross and Embankment. Suggest going on to the Thistle hotel site and book directly there as it offered a much cheaper rate than the other booking services. Breakfast was also good but got sick of it after 4 days !Would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 20 2005	Perfect London Location	Thistle Charing Cross is a perfect location if you want to be near the theatres. Three different tube stops are very close, and it's a quick walk to the tkts discount theatre ticket booth in Leicester Square and very close to the National Gallery (which is free). It's an elegant commercial hotel, and somewhat expensive, but definitely not at the top of London's rates. One can get special rates on line. We had breakfast included, which carried us through to an early dinner. Rooms are immaculate and well-equipped, staff is helpful. In Feb-March we stayed there for the third time and it really &quot;made&quot; our trip because it's so easy to get places: on foot, by tube, or on the bus.	
Jan 10 2005	Location is outstanding!	We stayed in this hotel via Priceline bid of $127 a night. Our stay was Dec. 15-20, 2004. We LOVED this hotel's location--it's right next door to the Charing Cross Tube, and Trafalgar Square is just a block away! In fact, we hardly had to take the Tube since everything was in walking distance. The bathroom was very roomy and came with a towel warmer, which we used every day to make our towels nice-n-toasty.The room comes provided with tea and biscuits, which are free. There's also a handy electronic &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; and &quot;Please Clean Room&quot; sign in case you want to sleep late. You just click on which one you want--that way no one knocks at your door at 8 a.m.Only negative was that our voicemail was down the entire five-day stay, so we had a blinking red light on our phone for several days. The concierge could not help us; we knew who had called, though, so we just shrugged it off.Otherwise hotel was wonderful--I highly recommend (esp. for the price we paid)!Here are two restaurant recs near the hotel: Simurgh (Persian cuisine) and the Green Man &amp; French Horn (English cuisine). Simurgh, located on Garrick St., is a bit pricey but very romantic--we celebrated our anniversary there. I can't remember what my boyfriend ordered, but I got a chicken and apricot dish that was outstanding! At the Green Man &amp; French Horn, located on St. Martin's Lane, the food is very good and serves continually all day and night. We had problems finding pub food at night in the theatre district, so we were very pleased to find this place and to eat such excellent bangers and mash!	
Nov 29 2004	Great Location Good Enough Everything Else	The hotel is in a great location. It is right on The Strand, next to the Charing Cross train station, a few steps from the Embankment tube stop, which goes right into The City area. Neither Embankment nor Charing Cross are on the Picadilly Line (which runs directly from Heathrow) but you can't have everything. It is a very short walk to Trafalger, Covent Garden and Leicster Square. The room was fine (not The Ritz, but it was L110, not L350). Service was fine (nothing negative to report). Check in and check out were great. I'd stay again.	
Nov 21 2004 	Great Location but a disappointing room.	There is much to praise about this hotel. The location on the Strand is an excellent base for visiting London. The public areas of the hotel are very elegant. There is a 24 hour lounge which is ideal for meeting colleagues and clients, or afternoon tea after a day in London. The hotel staff were also very helpful.However, my room in the Buckingham Wing did not match the standards of the public areas of the hotel. The decor was a little &quot;busy&quot; for me. The bathroom was very cold. My room service meal was insubstantial and poorly presented. Also, in the era of 200+ digital TV channels, the DVD, and Personal Video Recorder, a couple of extra TV channels in addition to the five main UK channels isn't enough for the frequent business traveller who just wants a night in front of the TV.	
Nov 18 2004	Hit and miss	Beware which wing they put you in! Wing inside main building has been renovated, rooms OK but small. In old wing, over the bridge, rooms victorian, awful, like 1970s. Braodband does not seem to work in any of the rooms, weird system not even the 24 hour support staff unedrstand. despite location, not a business hotel, tourist base. Lifts tiny and don't work, have to walk around a lot in mazy corridors, breakfast in betjamin room v. good but rip off at GBP16! Strand terrace breakfast cheaper but could not find staff to serve me last time there. Lobby tiny, not many staff speak english.	
Nov 1 2004	A Great Base in London	The hotel is very comfortable and although my room was compact it was extremely well appointed with a well equipped spotless bathroom. There are some impressive architectural features and house-keeping standards are high.The location is superb and although my room overlooked the station forecourt and The Strand the room was extremely quiet.Two words of warning. The bar serves only 'double' measures so a V&amp;T costs £6.50 and breakfast, if not included in your booking, costs £16.50!For comfort, location, access to sites and transport its pretty well unbeatable.	
Oct 26 2004	Great rooms location	Spent three days here in October. The location is very good, just opposite St. Martin's in the Fields church, one block from either Embankment or Trafalger Square, easy walk to Big Ben etc. (while it is faster to turn left out of the hotel and walk down the Strand, the most charming walk is to turn right, walk down to the Thames, turn right again and pass the Houses of Parliment, turn right as you come to Big Ben and see Westminster Abby), Covent Garden or West End theater district. Rooms are very large for London, service friendly, wonderful dining room for breakfast, reasonable prices. We recommend Gordon's wine bar just around the corner opposite Embankment Tube Station (over 200 years old, sit in the back but watch your purse).	
Aug 23 2004	Great experience at Thistle Charing Cross	We got our room at Thistle Charing Cross through priceline.com and could not have been happier with the result. The location right next to the tube station can't be beat, we didn't realize how great it was until staying at a different hotel after returning from France. I never felt the trains going by, it was not an issue. Our room was modern, had A/C and a large bed. The only problem we had was that our room was actually in a separate building connected by an enclosed walkway which meant taking 2 different lifts, but this was not a major issue, just alittle confusing at first. I would stay there again (for priceline $)	
Aug 10 2004 	Good but could be better	The plusses: 1--air conditioning, which is necessary in summer London for the humidity if not the heat unless you are on the ground floor and can open windows. The previous &quot;four star&quot; (what a joke) hotel at which I had stayed hotel put me in an attic room with no a/c, and no cross ventilation or fans. Although it was in the 70s outside, the room was much hotter. The a/c at Thistle was welcome. 2--nice location; you are near not only the tube but a railway stop that can take you out of town. Unlike other reviewers here, I DID feel the trains but got used to them. 3--they said they upgraded me to a nice larger room without extra charge--don't know why. The minuses: 1--to use the high speed internet access, you must click on a page accepting the terms. Once you do, you can use the service for a charge per minute. Among the terms is that the maximum you will be charged per 24 hours will be 15 pounds. I accepted these conditions, and one day when I had a lot of messages to respond to, I used a lot of time, thinking that the maximum would be 15 pounds. However, sure enough, when I got my draft bill, I was charged per minute of usage, well over the 15 pound maximum. I spoke with the manager who seemed unfamiliar with the contract terms and at first said this was for our business customers (not sure why she assumed I was not a business customer nor why that was relevant). I politely asked her what exactly this 15 pound limit meant, if not what I said it did. She then agreed she would look at the site's description of the terms I had agreed to, and that she would call me back. She did not call me back and when I checked out the next AM, the charges had not been changed (surprise!). It's not worth the time and effort to fight this, but if you use the high speed access, be aware that you may be ripped off by being charged something OTHER than what you agreed to. 2-although the room was pleasant (view wasn't) and nicely updated, there were signs of water damage around baseboards near the closet and cracks in the tiles in the shower. The toilet didn't flush properly every time--seemed to be a water pressure problem. The laundry line across the bathtub is a nice amenity, but a part was missing, so that when you put a wet garment on it, it sagged and the line could not be tightened. 3--if you reserve through CheapTickets, you will not be told that (a) the cancellation time refers to LONDON time, rather than EST which other time deadlines on the same email you get from then. This day and time was also several days before the hotel's deadline. But I was unable to cancel the reservation online or via phone with CheapTickets.com after I found that the hotel itself offered a much cheaper rate close to the date of my travel, and was given no explanation and was cutoff after 20 minutes on hold. I can only surmise that, while I was calling before the time on the confirming email EST, it was after the stated deadline hour if you used London time. So, make your reservation early, but check the hotel's website well before the deadline LONDON time, to make sure you get the best price.	
Jul 10 2004	Thankful for Thistle	Thistle Charing Cross was a pleasant suprise. Spent many hours online trying to find a reasonably priced room in London when we finally decided to let Priceline make the decision. We booked two rooms, 1 double and 1 twin (with 2 beds). Both rooms were clean and modern. When we arrived and located the hotel, we were a little worried because it was next to the train and subway station but it couldn't have worked out better. The location was great. Within walking distance to most sights. The train station came in very handy when we took a day trip to Dover. Staff was friendly. We had the buffet breakfast the first morning but it was so/so and expensive! The train station catered to early commuters so we grabbed coffee and breakfast pastires for cheap.I would definately stay here again (if I could get a good price).	
Jun 19 2004	Good location and (some) good rooms	I think that the hotel must be undergoing bedroom refurbishment as the Twin Room that we stayed in was one of the best rooms in London that I've stayed in at this level.Check in was great with very friendly staff (and you generally have to admit that's not a given in London!), beds comfortable, bathroom clean and modern. An inside room with a view of (I think) the leisure suite didn't provide the best visual experience, but on the rate we were on that really wasn't an issue (NB: Shop around, there are good rates available at the last minute here).Breakfast, buffet, was good in a great setting, the dining room was pretty swish! Food fine, coffee (after the night before...) refreshing!Location-wise, can't beat it. 3 minutes from Trafalgar Square, 10 from Leicester Square, 10 from Westminster - ideal holiday hotel in that sense. It's right on the Strand too - hey, if it's good enough for the Savoy...!	
Jun 13 2004	Choose your room carefully		
Apr 30 2004	super staircase		
Apr 6 2004	FANTASTIC!		
Apr 5 2004	great family outing		
Jan 24 2004	My favorite London hotel		
Jan 7 2004	you get what you pay for		
Dec 24 2003	Not so good		
Oct 23 2003	Well worth the Money		
Jul 9 2003	The best location in all of London		
Feb 20 2002	Refined almost exclusive		
Nov 5 2009 	Parfait		
Oct 26 2009 	???????		
Sep 29 2009 	Ottima posizione grande pulizia		
Sep 28 2009 	Perfetto		
Aug 18 2009 	Ubicación inmejorable		
Jul 24 2009 	Mein Stadthotel im Zentrum Londons		
Jun 7 2009 	?????????		
Jan 27 2009 	Muy bien situado pero con algunas carencias		
Jan 4 2009 	Très agréable séjour		
Dec 31 2008 	Pésima atención		
Aug 25 2008 	Bien situado pero un poco ruidoso		
Jun 3 2008 	Für uns ein 5-Sterne-Haus		
Aug 20 2007 	Einfach perfekt		
Aug 5 2007 	Soggiorno perfetto al Thistle Charing Cross		
May 23 2007 	schön und zentral		
Sep 5 2006 	¡¡¡Ese ascensor!!!		
Apr 18 2006	Me encantó el Hotel		
