Oct 25 2009 	The smallest room I have ever seen!	This hotel is very well located, just 50 mts away from the subway and the train station (King Cross station), however the rooms are tiny!.Sitting on my bed I could wash my teeth and open the bathroom door. The shower is literally over the WC.Breakfast is good, the rooms are reasonably clean, the people is kind and there is free wi-fi at the lobby.For 50 pound a night (including breakfast) I don't think you will find anything better, however if you can pay a little bit more, I would recommend you go to another hotel.	
Oct 4 2009 	Basic but fantastic location to main line station/underground	Fantastic location for getting transport around London. As we were traveling to Paris on the Euro Star we needed to be able to walk to the station. This was certainly a good location. It took just 8 minutes to get to St Pancras International. We had a 3 year old and found this no real problem even though we had two cases and extra bags! The hotel itself was very basic, but thats all that you need if you are just staying the night. The room was a triple and had a shower and toilet en suite. The room was small but this was not a problem. There was a lot of stairs so would not be suitable for any one with a mobility disability. The breakfast was continental and was adequate for all of us. The only down side was that the windows opened fully (and we were on the 3rd floor), we were concerned that our child might have wanted to lean out unexpectedly, so we made sure they were closed all the time. The plus side was that the location of the hotel was fantastic for getting the tube or Euro Star (Kings Cross was 2 minutes a way). The price was good for central London and the hotel was clean and staff friendly. Its a no frills hotel but we were pleased with it. I would recomend this hotel for someone traveling on Euro Star or someone just wanting an easy to find hotel from a tube station.	
Sep 27 2009 	Stay elsewhere	Crappy area by King's cross stn. Bums were laying in the street in the morning. Tiniest room ever. Staff mediocre. No phone in room. Functional if you only need a place to sleep.	
Sep 2 2009 	Location and value can't be beat	From Heathrow on the Piccadilly line, stepped out of the King's Cross Underground Station very nearly at the door of the Crestfield. Perfect location for all Underground travel and close to Euston Station for travel to the Holyhead Ferry to Dublin, too. Rooms small but immaculate, coffee and tea en suite. Bathrooms small, but showers nice and hot. Breakfast perfectly fine: cereals, toast, fruit, juice. Staff terrific, let us borrow an adapter for laptop for entire five day stay. Nice little bar, but doesn't seem to be used much. And beautiful patio, too. A short ride to Camden Town for shopping, and everything else, for that matter. Will stay again, definitely.	
Jul 21 2009 	would never stay again	Everything about the hotel was bad except for its location. Located adjecent to king cross/st pancras tube station the location is very good but then the bad part takes over the good, the rooms are very very small and the bathroom is even smaller. It is so small that it you cant even turn around..the flush does not work and threre is no lift make it very difficult to carry luggages.. Breakfast is also ok and it closes at 9.00 am sharp, the lady who was serving us asked us to leave in the middle of our breakfast beause it was 9.00AM..You are not allowed to finish up your breakfast also which we found really irritating.. There are lots of restaurant outside, Mc donalds is just a stone throw away and a lil further ther is burger king. Lots of Indian restaurants near by as well...	
Jul 17 2009	You get what you pay for	Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. We had a family room on the first floor which was adequate for our needs, in fact was probably slightly better than I expected. The hotel was clean, staff were friendly and the location was excellent. Not too far from anywhere by bus or taxi (I have to say that the London cabbies must be the friendliest in the world) and Kings Cross/St Pancreas was almost on the doorstep. Breakfast was very basic and we tended to have toast and fruit juice mostly. If you don't plan to eat in the centre of London there are a variety of cheap eating places very close to the hotel so you're sure to find something to suit every taste. I have to mention the noodle bar just around the corner, friendly staff, very clean, food was great and it cost less than £18 for 4 including drinks. As a well priced base for a hectic visit to London I would recommend it.	
Jul 4 2009 	Ok hotel great location	We stayed at the Crestfield Hotel for 2 nights. It's in a great location, 300 yards or so from Kings Cross / St Pancras Stations, so great for accessing the tube &amp; national trains.The room was basic, but clean and comfortable. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever had in a hotel. A continental breakfast was included in the room rate, but we had our breakfast elsewhere. On our first morning, the dining room was very busy; there were at least a couple of tables that needed to be cleared. We asked one of the staff if they would clear a table for us, but she refused and asked us to sit at another table where 4 people were already seated. I wouldn't have minded, but to get to the 2 available seats at that table, we would have had to disturb the other people already eating. As it appeared that the breakfast consisted only of cereal, tinned fruit and toast we decided to go elsewhere and found a lovely place a 5 minute walk away where we had a cooked breakfast.One rather major complaint - during our entire stay, a fire exit was blocked by matresses, mop &amp; bucket and a few other things and the fire door on our floor was held open with a fire extinguisher.	
Jul 1 2009 	Terrible	We booked through the internet for 70 pounds for double but at the time we arrived there we knew the rate was at 60 pounds for double. It is really funny to book in advance the internet rate is higher than walking rate. The room is very tiny with very old condition, dirty glass and used soap. The carpet is so dirty that we had to wear the shoes when moving around. There is no lift in the hotel so we had to carried our luggage all the way to 5 floors by cramp staircase.The breakfast is even worst that located at the basement. Some of the guest went down for breakfast but once they saw the breakfast items they just walked away.One evening we stand in the lobby, there was a Japanese lady went down to complaint her room had no remote control for the TV in the room. Receptionist said have to wait for tomorrow that made she feel very disappointed. The staff were unfriendly especially the black hair receptionist.After 2 days stayed at this hotel we proceed our trip to Scotland so we put our heavy luggage there but the black hair receptionist said they will not responsible if it is lost. It was the only hotel we faced with this problem.The only plus point for this guesthouse is it near King cross station that make we had a big mistake to book for. It would be our fist and last stay at this hotel.	
May 8 2009 	Would not stay here again	The best thing about this hotel is that it is so close to the tube. Otherwise our stay was horrible. The room was absolutely tiny. Me and my husband could not walk past each other. The toilet was basically in the shower. The bed was very, very hard, with a deep hole in the middle. I had bruises on my hips and would wake up in the middle of the night because the bed was so hard. We could here everything the next rooms were saying (at a normal volume) and could hear footsteps constantly upstairs at night. I could not sleep with out my earplugs. Breakfast was actually pretty good for a continental breakfast. The staff were not helpful. When asked questions about tourism in London, they said they had no idea and brushed us off. The location was good but would never stay here again for the amount of money.	
Apr 24 2009 	Bright and clean and good value for money	We stayed for a single night prior to an early morning departure on the Eurostar. The hotel is very close to St Pancras which was great. The room was clean and airy and the breakfast adequate. Overall great value for money.	
Apr 12 2009 	Ethnic location near Kings Cross / St Pancras	Small, clean rooms and bathrooms but good location if you are traveling North, or on the Eurostar to Paris. Adequate breakfast. Easy metro access. No lift.	
Mar 19 2009 	We will return	We booked a double room 14 - 18 March 2009 and enjoyed our stay. As it was within the Congestion Charge Zone there were hardly any cars coming up the road. The rooms were clean and tidy and I am aways pleased to have tea making facilittes. The whole hotel was bright clean and welcoming - especially the lovely scottie dog!! Staff efficient and very friendly. I liked the security system for the front door. Loved the outdoor patio areas. Extremely convenient to the tube and the train and buses. Breakfast fine for a continental breakfast and it did the job . We will use this hotel again and will recommend it.	
Mar 17 2009 	Practical	We arrived with Eurostar and found the hotel within 6 minutes. It is an nice walk in good weather trough lovely Bloomsbury to for example British Museum and Covent Garden. Very close to British Library. Easy to find full meal for under 4 pounds around the corner. Hotel is run in an effective manner. Room was cleaned properly every day. Lovely back garden and distinguished dog. Our room lacked a reading lamp. Adding an small lamp would easily have made the room better! Good size, no noise, good bed, ok decoration, ok TV, good shower, toilet difficult to flush, much nicer curtains than seen in pics on this page. Good coffee at breakfast and ok toast. Fine hotel for a busy schedule, and would stay there again if on similar budget.	
Feb 18 2009 	Value for money but you get what you pay for	We were looking for value for money and probably got it, but in our experiences the trade-offs weren't worth it. Our room was tiny, the shower didn't supply any hot water and there seemed to be significant water damage (stains, etc) because of the shower facing directly on to the room in a bathroom that was about the size of a normal toilet cubicle. The location was excellent and amazingly convenient, but we won't be back.	
Dec 3 2008 	Good value for London	We stayed at this hotel after a very long flight from New Zealand. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful and the room was clean and pleasant. The price is very good for London. The only downside was that we had a room on the street side of the hotel which was very noisy. There are many other rooms round a interior courtyard so try to get one of those.	
Nov 16 2008 	Very reasonable	Unlike many of the other reviews on here, my friends and I had a good experience at this Hotel. We stayed 4 nights and never had any problems with staff.	
Nov 6 2008	Not to hot to be honest	Having booked online, we arrived to a very frosty receptionist. We were told where are room was but not shown upstairs or offered any help with our luggage. We had booked a room that was supposed to have a double bed and one single bed but it had 3 single beds which was a bit of a disappointment to be honest. There was only one very thin towel each and the shower leaked but other than that, the room was ok. The breakfast was very disappointing, just cereal and toast, no marmalade even. The staff were generally unhelpful and didn' t like it if you wanted a late drink (even though it was supposed to be a 24h bar). We had some very noisy German farmers on our floor who thought it would be very amusing to play loud music and slam doors at 4am. Not impressed with the level of service at all to be honest.	
Nov 2 2008	From along time customer	I reckon I have spent in the region of 500 nights at the Crestfield since I first discovered it in 2003.The rooms are clean, tidy and well serviced. There is a great little bar, secluded outside area and there has been a lot invested in improving the quality of the accommodation over recent years.I have found the management and staff to be like most Eastern Europeans, extremely friendly with nothing being too much trouble.Overall it is extremely good value with room rates being at a very competitive level give the proximity to Central London.In fact the only negative experiences I have had concern a very small minority of my fellow customers with ridiculously high expectations (no mini bar, nobody to carry luggage, no lift, limited bar staff in 24 hour bar). Some of these customers become immediately rude and aggressive.If you don't turn up with $500 a night expectations for this little gem of a hotel, I am sure you will, like me, find it to be a tremendous experience.EricYorkshire	
Oct 31 2008 	friendly staff	Crestfield hotel is a verry nice place to stay in with friendly staff and helpfull receptionists. I `ve been in a twin en -suite room with my sister and we realy enjoyed. The room was a proper size twin and with the shower . The price is a bargian - £70.00 and the hotel is well positioned in a close distance to the tube. I really enjoed my stay and I hope to book a room for my next visit in London. Ms V Kostadinova	
Oct 29 2008 	Unfriendly and Miserable	We booked our room 3 months prior to our arrival only to find out that our double ensuite room was at the very highest and farthest away floor possible. No lifts. No staff offering to help with luggage. Tiny, narrow staircases. We were not greeted politely and I don't even believe the management broke a smile during our 4 days there.The rooms are tiny, but fairly clean. We asked for an extra towel and were flatly told &quot;no&quot;. The staff does nothing to make you feel welcome here. The breakfast is a pitiful mix of cereal and toast. The 24 hour &quot;bar&quot; is an odd little room and the staff makes it very obvious that getting people drinks is a huge effort for them. The outside area is apparently for sitting in silence and heaven forbid you make an attempt to eat food out there. Many of our friends independently booked rooms for this trip as well and we were all told that &quot;groups&quot; were not welcome. Neither was talking outside or much anything else. I was shushed on more than one ocassion. I would not stay here again. There are much better hotels in this area where you have a nice hot breakfast and are welcomed with open arms. Thanks but no thanks Crestfield.	
Oct 29 2008	My two pence worth	We were booked as part of a large group, but we all booked seperately. Therefore the hotel weren't aware of this and made it clear to most on arrival that they would never have let us all stay if that was the case. Nice start.Rooms were fine. Small, basic but clean.Being told to shut up when talking on the veranda at 2pm is a bit harsh. Never made it down to breakfast but told it was very basic and most were unimpressed.There is a 24 hour bar, but they are less than enthusiastic about serving you when you get in from a night out.Only one towel per person and don't dare ask for a second one...All in all a reasonably nice, basic hotel but the staff could seriously do with learning some manners. For this reason alone I won't be staying there again.	
Oct 26 2008 	Basic but clean	Room was very basic but celan. The beds were OK. Good location if you need to be close to Kings Cross Station. Would have no problem going back if for an over night stay.	
Oct 16 2008 	'Unprofessional'	My friend and I stayed at Crestfield hotel in triple room ( paid for three persons through a HotelClub). Few days before our arrival we have asked hotel for conformation that is it ok that a third person come for one nigth in the hotel since it was paid for three and they said that it is ok.Everything was fine until last evening, after we came to the hotel blonde girl at the reception desk was really rude and told us that our friend can't come in room because room was paid for only two persons.I told her that we payed for three persons and that she should check email, she refuse that and then I asked for manager and she refuse to do that too. After that we called HotelClub customer service and told them that the hotel is trying to charge as for one night, and they said that they will contact hotel and solve that problem with them.We told that girl on the reception that HotelClub will contact her because of this problem and and said that room is payed for three and it is ok. She was really rude for the whole time, so we didn't know will they make as problems on our check out from the hotel, which was at 4 AM.I forget to tell that they waited with this for whole day and decided to tell us at 1 AM.I don't know did they tried this with other guests or they are just unprofessional, but because of that situation I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.One more thing, our friend came to the hotel while we were out, and hotel staff let her in our room without they asked who she is.Also I would like to thank HotelClub for helping us in this situation.	
Oct 12 2008 	Modest but perfectly fine	I had chosen this hotel for two reasons: 1) the location, only a few metres away from King's Cross / St Pancras and 2) the price - I paid about 60 euros a night, which is very cheap by London standards.I found the experience entirely satisfactory. My room was rather small (and the toilet minuscule), but very clean; the bed was reasonably comfortable; and breakfast was simple (toast, canned fruit, cereal, tea/coffee), but fine. The only real downside to this hotel is that there is no lift - I had to carry my suitcase up the stairs when I arrived.Unlike other reviewers here, I found the staff quite friendly. I had booked my room via a website and arrived at the hotel with the wrong voucher, but the receptionist agreed to give me the key to my room, as I promised to print out the said voucher in a cybercafe as soon as I could.In short, I would recommend this place to anyone on a budget who doesn't need a five-star hotel, but wants a conveniently situated, clean place to stay for a few nights.	
Oct 8 2008 	Crestfield Hotel - Does the job	I have stayed in a Twin Room in Crestfield Hotel for 4 nights and experienced some of the upsides and downsides of this hotel:First of all it has to be said that, as a regular London visitor, I am aware of the fact that many London hotels do not offer the standard I am used to in other cities and that getting good value for money is literally impossible in London. This is the reason why I opted for this inexpensive choice this year, thinking along the lines of &quot;if all I can afford is a below-average hotel experience, I can simply pay below-average prices and will have to live with whatever I will get.&quot;From this point of view, I was not disappointed with the Crestfield Hotel. Its location is nothing short of excellent - a 100 metre walk away from the main entrance of the bustling King's Cross station and still situated in a quiet side street. What is more, the rooms turned out to be clean, room service appeared every day and made a reasonable job. I also thought that the beds were more convenient than I expected, I actually slept quite well because the rooms were also pretty quiet. You could even sleep with open windows without hearing too much steet noise. To get all this for the room price of 70 pounds per night seems like a good deal to me and I felt that the downsides were just adequate with regard to this price.It has to be said that this hotel, like many other small hotels in England, should be avoided by handicapped or elderly travellers. Rooms can be in the 3rd or even 4th floor and are only accessible via a tiny staircase. The rooms themselves are smallish and our room had a two tiny &quot;bathrooms&quot;, one of which was simply a shower with a wooden door. You could only enter this room by working yourself through the small space this door left when it was opened. If you consider yourself overweight, you should be aware that getting into this shower might turn out impossible, because there is simply no space for your body. There also was no chair in our room (actually there was not enough space for a chair...) and the equipment in the room has seen better days but was still operational.As for the staff: It is true that the reception staff tends to be unfriendly, if not rude, maybe sometimes due to a lack of English knowledge, but they do their job in an effective and functional manner. Simply don't expect friendliness - I thought that with the price I paid for the rooms it was simply nothing I had paid for. The hotels website says that the hotel offers a 24-hour hotel bar. Be aware that such a room exists but it is operated by the receptionist, and if this person feels that he/she has other work to do, he/she will simply refuse to serve you. So, don't expect a fully operational bar. We didn't try the hotel breakfast as the breakfast hours were too early for us (7.00am - 9.30am) and there were good breakfast options around the corner (try da Vinci for your Full English Breakfast experience!).All in all, I thought that I got what I paid for. Actually I have experienced much worse standards for a higher price in London. Crestfield is a simple but functional hotel for those who are searching for a clean place to sleep in this city. If you are searching for a hotel that is an enjoyable experience in itself, search somewhere else but be prepared to pay a lot more than you do here.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very Rude	We arrived to the guy at reception telling us we hadn't paid for our room even though we had booked it on their website with a credit card. After looking at the statement we realised they hadnt taken the money. So the balance was still out standing. We had to pay before we left, to my horror!!! As I hadn't brought any credit cards, it never said on their website the payment method was like that! Lucky I had a laser card!The night staff were very rude... ignored you and made rude gestures when you tried to get their attention. Room was teeeennie tiny! The toilet was practically in the shower. The only good thing was its location and it had a nice terrace area outside to have a drink.1*	
Aug 11 2008 	Closet in London	Cheaters!!! Be warned!!! I am a seasoned traveller and I know when I have been cheated. They convert GBP to USD, but they do not inform you of a 3.5% surcharge until you see the imprinted bill that the surcharge cannot be refunded even if you tell them to charge your bill back to GBP.... Small room in a place like London is expected, but a single room in this so-called hotel is slightly larger than a broom closet. 55GBP is unjustified!!! The shower/toilet is literally a broom closet....This NO lift/elevator. The staircase is too narrow that only one small-to-medium girth person can pass through....Clean room, but the curtains need some serious washing. NO air conditioning, so expect to fry in your room. I was lucky to be in the top floor where there is a breeze that flow in through the window....They advertise to have internet access, but they DO NOT even have a work station. If you have Wi-Fi, you're lucky if you can stay connected for more than 5 min. .... Where, oh where is the England I know!!!The hotel is owned/managed by non-English people. The staff (i.e. housekeeping; restaurant) hardly speak any English. Their idea of breakfast is white toast, coffee, cheap jelly, and cheap sugary cereals.... The only positive is that the hotel is right across from King's Cross/St Pancras underground and train station....This is definitely a NO-star hotel.	
Jul 23 2008 	Crestfield? adequate. Mixed feelings.	I had selected this place because it had OK reviews and was cheap, considering it is in Greater London. It is convenient to Kings Cross Station and there are some good take-aways close by. Our flight arrived into London at about 6AM and when we, my wife and I, got to the Crestfield it was about 10AM and they were quite good to let us in to crash, after our (horrible) all night flight from Hong Kong. We carried our bags up a narrow winding stair/passageway, banged our heads on the ceiling and finally fell into bed and sleep...at last. The room overlooked the street which was noisey, but it was, after all, London. The room was quite larg-ish with a sort of (small) shower room/WC. The seat was loose on the WC, the shower wouldnt stop dripping, there was peeling paint and mold all around the shower . The room was clean and serviced adequately. Although matter of fact the staff were quite helpful. We stayed here 4 nights but probably wont again.	
Jul 2 2008	Close to Stations	Was put off when I walked in. Dingey and scruffy looking reception area. Staff, whilst courteous, could also do with smartening up. I was tempted to simply cancel my reservation but it was too late by the time I arrived to move elsewhere. The room was adequate and the beds and towels appeared clean. However, I only slept on the top cover and decided to wait until I got home for my shower. WC had obviously just been refurbed so wasn't too bad. Strange washing arrangements with basin in bedroom, separate shower wet room at one side of room and WC at the other! Curtains extremely tatty and didn't fit. Coffee and tea foul - may have been the milk or water, don't know which. Breakfast was not available for those leaving hotel before 7.15 and no credit was given when I had to leave to catch early train. Staircase to my room which was midway between floors, was tired and smelt musty. In fact the whole place had an odd odour.The street where the hotel is situated really says it all and I certainly wouldn't like to walk down it on a dark night..Would I stay here again - No. Would I book other members of staff in here - definitely No.Good points - extremely close to Kings Cross and St Pancras.	
Jun 29 2008 	Excelent value 	I found this hotel listed in Pauline Frommer's guide to London. She described the place perfectly &amp; included actual room numbers &amp; where they were located &amp; other added details that made me feel comfortable booking there. She was pretty much spot on. The room we had--no. 7-- faced the courtyard (a nice touch &amp; great place to sit in the evenings) &amp; had plenty of room &amp; quiet &amp; we only had to go up one set of stairs to get there. The shower was nice and hot. We had in-room tea &amp; coffee making facilities. There was also an in-room hairdryer, which I liked. There is a bar downstairs that you can buy drinks from--even just a coke if you want--another added bonus. The location of this hotel is PERFECT; it's right across from King's Cross station, which made getting about London very easy &amp; since we had also planned to visit Edinburgh, this was great as they have direct trains there. I also liked the dog, Jack, that roams freely around the hotel. On the minus side, the toilet in our room was very fussy &amp; hard to flush--the only real annoyance we had to deal with. Otherwise, a fantastic deal for a low price &amp; I would definitely book again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Crestfield Hotel	Stayed at the Crestfield for the 4th time in 2 years recently, and would not hesitate to book again.The hotel is an absolute bargain; it is £30 per night and well worth it.The rooms are always very clean. The TV, tea-making facilities are basic, but if you are only staying for a few nights it's really no problem. Any more than that and you may find the rooms too small, but if you're in London it's unlikely you are going to be spending any great length of time in your room anyway.The only disadvantage is that the bathrooms are very small, and a lot of the rooms just have a 'wet room' set up whereby the shower just runs onto the floor. Not very convenient, and a little cramped when trying to avoid the inevitable flooded bathroom floor! However, not all of the rooms are like this.Staff are polite and helpful, and have always let us leave our luggage in a room after we have checked out. There is a small bar, and the outside terrace is absolutely gorgeous.It is less than 5 minutes walk away from King's Cross which is very handy, yet is situated on a relatively quiet street. There are nearby shops and ATM's, McDonalds and Burger King etc.All in all this hotel is fantastic if you are only staying for a few days. Lovely little dog there too!	
Jun 25 2008 	Good if getting off the Eurostar	Good place if getting off the Eurostar in St Pancras International station. Hotel close by. Hotel has free continental breakfast which is good.The room itself not so good. A little dirty, some rooms have shared bathrooms, but if booking through Hotelclub.com.au you will get a room and a private bathroom. Hotel doesn't have any lifts. Only stairs and it's horrible bringing up suitcases up the stairs, the stairs are tiny too.Ok hotel for only one night, because it was close to the station, but we moved to a different hotel the next day.Staff were ok, polite and friendly enough to us.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel. I was in a triple room on the first floor for 9 nights and it was very clean. Beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was quite small. The staff was very nice. Breakfast was downstairs, it wasn't extraordinary, but enough. The location was perfect, just 4 minutes on foot to the underground. Great! , which is connected to almost all lines. You have got restaurants, supermarkets near the hotel. I'm going to London again and I tried to book at Crestfield hotel, but it wasn't available. I would reccomend it to everybody.	
Jun 12 2008 	Good value 	Myself &amp; a friend stayed in this hotel for one night in order to sit an exam in London. We wanted something cheap and cheerful and handy for Kings Cross. This hotel was better than what we expected! LocationIt is on a little street just off Euston road (literally opposite kings cross) but it is quiet and there is a little park at the end of the road. RoomClean room with a TV and interesting 'wet room' sort of toilet/shower set up. We had a room on the 3rd floor, which was great.General stuffVery welcoming staff and their cute little scotty dog! Great outdoor decked seating area for relaxing/reading, bar area just inside from there. Breakfast was included in the price and was a very reasonable buffet.	
Jun 1 2008 	Very clean and excellent value	I stayed here for one night on a non-expenses paid business trip, a couple of weeks ago. I had a single room (on third floor - stairs are pretty steep) which had a very definitely single bed. But it was perfectly comfortable. The was a portable TV in the room but I didn't turn it on. The tea/coffee making facilities in the room were basic (instant coffee), but then having a kettle means one can bring one's own.The shower was hot and reasonably powerful (shower room/WC was in a little 'wet-room' style corner of the room). The single towel provided was small and quite thin, but sparkling white; everywhere was strikingly clear and well kept. The bed was hard to sit up and read in because it was under the eaves and thereby had a sloping roof, but if one is staying in this kind of hotel one is unlikely to be hanging around the room much. This hotel is comparable to the Howard Winchester (where I stayed earlier in the year, and which is about a minute's walk away, if that) and at £60 for a single room, the B&amp;B was excellent value.The breakfast was not particularly splendid (very 'cheap' muesli; rather nasty juice; monumentally weak coffee; but lots of albeit characterless toast; plenty of jams) but then in this area there is an embarrassment of lovely cafes where something more delightful can be found if required.I have already recommended this hotel to friends on the basis of value for money (not to mention its excellent public transport connexions), and the check-in staff, too, were very pleasant and efficient (there's no problem checking in late at night, as I needed to - ca. 2300).	
Jun 1 2008 	Great location	Very nice...very clean...breakfast is included in price...very convenient to St. Pancras. We enjoyed our stay!	
May 30 2008 	Nice little hotel!	This is a nice little hotel, very convenient to Kings Cross Station. I stayed in a single room, #35 with a small en suite bathroom. The room was small, but it was just a place to sleep, which was perfectly adequate. Small TV with only 5 channels, which again was no big deal. Room faced out to the street, so there was a bit of noise from the street, but I sleep like a log and it didn't bother me.The breakfast was fine with cold cereal, juice, fruit cocktail, coffee, tea, and juice. The staff were very nice to me. I paid 55 GBP (~110 USD) for my room and it was definitely worth it.	
May 3 2008	Ideal location and as desrcibed	I booked the hotel for my friend and myself for a 2 night stay after trawling the internet and reading the trip advisor reviews.It is very handy for Kings Cross and easy to find. It cost £140.00 for two of us to say 2 nights including the continental breakfast.The breakfast is basic but is sufficient.The rooms are small but able to contain all our luggage .Thehotel only supplies soap so youy need to bring your own shower gel and the showers are fabulous hot and powerful!The quality of the coffee in the room is poor but then you can bring your own.The bedding was clean and the beds comfy.For a central hotel it was quite quiet traffic wise.To the back of the hotel there is a nice paved area with tables and chairs. My friend was able to relax there and have a ciggarette! The staff were polite and the desk was always manned..I was iimpressed when we asked for extra pillows and towels and these were supplied no problem.Overall it was ideal for us and we would definatly stay again!	
Mar 10 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We have just spent a weekend at this lovely little hotel the rooms are small but nice and clean the staff are just fine the continental breakfast is enough to get you on your way at the end of the day you get what you pay for i thought i got good value for my money i will stay there again latere this year when we go to sea a show again Harry.	
Feb 6 2008 	Good quality for the price !	This hotel is definitely great for the price ! Okay, you might have some noise (depending on who's around you ...) but then, you are REALLY close to St Pancras and the center is not very far away either (about 30-45 minutes walk).Our rooms was very clean, quite large (except for the shower &amp; toilet), breakfast was good, reception was ok ... what more do we have to ask ?Besides, whenever you're in London, you don't spend much time in your room ... !We are definitely recommanding it for budget travellers !	
Dec 19 2007 	Does exactly what it says on the tin	Hi, I booked this hotel because I was on a budget and it was the cheapest hotel with the best reviews. The rooms are very smallbut all I was after was a bed. Breakfast was fine and the staff were fantastic. It was quiet but that was actually refreshing considering the constant mayhem that London is. It is located 100m from Kings cross station which was absolutely fantastic in terms of gettting to any part of the city. I will stay here again next year when i return.  Dont expect the ritz, especially if your not paying top dollar.	
Dec 10 2007 	Nice hotel	We have just come back from this hotel, where we spent 4 nights in December 2007. The rooms are small but they are very clean; the toilet is also very small, but it seemed to have been rebuilt recently. There is no lift as in most of the London hotels. People at the reception helped us when we asked them about London and the man who is at the desk in the morning is very chattable. Breakfast was continental (cereals, juice, fruit, coffee, tea and toast) and the sevice very quick; we didn't have to wait at the breakfast room, which is big, although the hotel was full. The hotel is just a minute walk to the nearest tube entrance (several lines take you anywhere in London) and there are buses just round the corner.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Location Excellent Price	We were very pleased with this hotel. Its everything as described. Excellent Location, just steps from the Kings Cross Tube station, St. Pancras International rail station and Thames Link station. The rooms and the hotel itself are very clean. The rooms are the smallest I've ever seen, yet still functional and beds are comfortable. Our room was just large enough for the bed and a small walk-around on three sides. But - hey - we weren't there for the hotel! Staff was polite and helpful. Breakfast served by two very nice attendants was plain, but plentiful. Plenty of dry cereal, toast, juice and coffee. After the 4th day, I longed for an egg.A suggestion to the hotel - it wouldn't cost much to add towel bars in the bathroom and to install a soap dish in the shower.	
Nov 26 2007 	Fantastic Place Fantastic Price Fantastic Location.	WeI stayed for 7 nighst in double room on the 3rd floor, overlooking the internal courtyard. This hotel is a period building, with all the resulting advantages and drawbacks such status engenders. It is very nicely kept. Our room was very clean but not of ball room proportions. Breakfast is continental (toast, butter, marmalade, jam, tea &amp; coffee, many juices, etcetera). It was a very nice and good value choice for the price. We will stay again and again!!!!!!	
Nov 20 2007 	Good Price nice and clean	I stayed for 4 night in triple room. This hotel is nice, clean. Typical english small rooms. Breakfast is basic (toasts, butter, jam, tea, cooffe, juices, cereals and milk, fruit salat). It was really nice for us, who wanted to visit London (not stay all day in Londons Hotel). I will stay there next time again!	
Nov 2 2007 	Very good convenient and reasonably priced	I stayed at the Crestfield Hotel back in September (9/12-9/15). The hotel is very conveniently located next to major Underground and Rail stations. There are quite a few pubs and middle to upper middle of the road restaurants within walking distance. The rooms are small but that is pretty typical of European hotels. Water pressure in the shower was pretty weak and we had to let it run for 5 minutes plus before the hot water kicked in. Also, I did not see where there was an elevator and we were on the third floor. Keep that in mind depending on your physical condition. Breakfast did not have as many choices but the service was great. If you are an American tourist on a sight seeing trip without kids on a somewhat of a budget it is a very good choice considering the price and location. This was my first time to London and I really enjoyed it. I usually take pictures of the room to share or post online for reviews but forgot to plus I was running low on disk space on my digital camera after having already been to Amsterdam and Paris on this trip.	
Nov 2 2007 	Bargain Hotel Excellent Location 	I don't usually stay in Hotels in London, without spending at least £150 a night, but my employer has had an economy drive and now only allows us £80. I was therefore desperately worried that notoriously expensive London, would ensure that my budget guaranteed something substandard and I couldn't of been more wrong. By booking direct on the advice of a friend, (Thanks Tony!), I managed to even come substantially under budget. Money, which was well spent in a nearby gastropub. The location is fantastic, being a few hudred feet from the rail and tube termini of Kings Cross, (trust me, from here you ll be able to get to anywhere in London, quickly and cheaply).The room itself, was spacious for London at this price point, and well kept and spotlessly clean. Ok, it was not as large as rooms I ve stayed in at £150 plus but certainly at a fraction of the cost I did not mind this slight compromise. The bed was very comfortable. The shower was spotless. Plenty of natural light. What more do you want ? The breakfast was very good; perhaps they cold cater for vegans more though. No soya spreads were available.Service was efficient and the one slight problem I had with what I thought was a broken plug socket, was resolved immediately and cheerfully, (I was using my laptop and noticed it didn't charge; the manager perplexed at first, went to the trouble of taking the power lead downstairs to test it, then returning 15 minutes later, saying it should work now, which it did! (The fuse had blown and he had taken the iniative to change it for me and didnt ask for any payment).Would I stay again ? Yes ! Save yourself some money and spend the difference in London on whatever takes your fancy. Dont worry, London isn't short of other opportunities to spend your money.	
Nov 1 2007	Tiny room...	Crestfield Hotel did its job. It was a clean room near a main subway for a good price. The bed was very small and not comfortable... that was the worst part. If the bed would have been more comfortable I would have been 100% fine with it for the price. The walls are sort of thin and there was a lot of noise at times. There are no elevators so getting your bags up to your room is a little diffcult! It is a workout for sure! We had the the last room on the top floor so we had not so much fun getting those bags up and down from our room. The room we had was small...very small. The bathroom was VERY small. In fact you could sit on the toilet and wash your hair at the same time! It was pretty funny. All in all...it was a place to stay in London that was in a good location 1 minute away from Kings Cross tube station...it was clean. It was what it was...	
Oct 26 2007 	This place is truly a dumo - Avoid	This place is truly a dump.I booked a double ensuite room.When I checked in the bed throw had stains on it, the pillows were dirty and there were hairs in the bed. The glasses were not clean, there was dried urine drips infront of the toilet.The room really needed a thorough clean, I was removing all sort with some wipes I had, it clearly hadn't been dusted properly for a long time, the tops of light switches were grimey, my god, this place was horrible.I complained to the staff after being in my room no more than 17 mins. She was extremely rude and I checked myself out, the cheeky beggars also still charged me for the night and I will be charging it back. I wasn't goign to stand there wasting my time arguing with them when it was clear they were blaming me for not informing them quicly enough of my displeasure - UNBELIEVABLE.How on earth this place can operate is beyond and how some people think this place is acceptable defies belief.	
Oct 22 2007	Crestfield Hotel	CRESTFIELD HOTEL - LONDON14 September 2007We did not actually stay at this hotel. But what an experience.We did make a booking at the hotel (internet booking from South Africa) paid a deposit i take it. We then decided the location of the hotel was not good for us , so i telephoned the hotel up in July and cancelled with a very pleasant foreign girl. She said not a problem and never once asked for a cancellation letter in writing. I then trusted that this cancellation was in order. When we got back to South Africa in October i see they had made another deduction from our Ccard. I then called the Hotel and spoke to the very rude Manager - Vaidas. I wanted to understand why a second deduction was taken out of our ccard. He says we did not cancel. I was prepared to lose the deposit which we paid but what i want to know is why a second lot of money in september was taken out. I made about 4 phone calls all in all, eventually he put the phone down in my ear.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! All i asked is that he check his bank statement and he will see 2 deductions.!!!! How difficult is this................ So for a place we never stayed at we paid a lot of money, i was prepared to lose the deposit but the second lot of money, i really do not think this is very fair and the way he spoke to me is disgusting, I am so put off this hotel , i would never ever recommend staying there even if it is fantastic....................WHAT I CANNOT GET OVER IS HOW FRIENDLY THEY ARE WHEN WANTING TO MAKE A BOOKING, BUT TRY PHONE BACK WITH A PROBLEM..............DISGRUNTLED SOUTH AFRICAN VISITORMRS M.LAWRENCE	
Oct 21 2007 	London 2 Star	Had some major problems dealing with this hotel. Made a reservation and had my request come back &quot;confirmed&quot; but when we arrived at the hotel, we found we didn't have a reservation. The owner/manager, however, &quot;fit&quot; us in for the two nights we were in London. The hotel was nothing special and the staff was cool and unfriendly, however, the location was very good. If you're looking for a clean place to lay your head, stay here but if you're looking for something more, go else where.	
Oct 6 2007 	The Crestfield Hotel	The Crestfield's all about the location, which would be extremely hard to beat for the price. The hotel is literally across the street from Kings Cross station (train, bus, underground). Didn't really feel unsafe at night. There didn't seem to be much to do/see in the area and we had less than 4 full days in London, so we stuck to the &quot;touristy&quot; thing and didn't venture round. I'd say The Crestfield is more of a hostel than an actual hotel, since you only get nothing but the very basics. It does have a kind of boutique feel to it, and they've kept it nicely. If your room is anywhere but on the 1st floor, be aware that they don't have an elevator--which is not an inconvenience in itself. The thing is, the stairs are very, very narrow and a bit steep. We were on the 3rd floor, and dragging 2 small bags up the stairs was quite a challenge. Our room, a double en-suite, was tiny (and I do mean tiny, about the size of my cubicle at work) but immaculate with a huge window. Bed and pillows were comfy. The bathroom was very, very clean and a multi-tasker's dream come true. You could do everything at once: shower, brush your teeth and...well, you get the idea. Oh! Make sure you bring your own soap, shampoo and toothpaste. They provide clean towels everyday!!! Rooms don't have phones (no wake up call) so we brought a small alarm clock with us. Breakfast--served between 7:30 and 9am--was adequate and kept us good &amp; satisfied 'til lunch time: water, coffee, tea, juice, cereal, toast and fruit cocktail in syrup. Regarding service, don't expect the uber-friendly thing. Most staff was very professional and courteous, but--for lack of a better word--rather curt. They do things differently and we never took it personally. All in all, I'd stay here again and would recommend it to other young couples or anyone seeking an affordable (for London), very clean, superbly located place to stay.	
Oct 2 2007 	Great for location and no much more	It was really hard to find a OK hotel in London with a good location and affordable price and after so much searching I decided to book this one.When I arrived there the hotel and room was little better than I expected, I stayed in a room for a single person.PLUS:1) amazing location, very very near the tube and bus stations with several lines to go anywhere in London2) room was bigger and cleaner than I thought it would be3) hotel looked nice, not fancy but its not an ugly hotel4) they have receptionist 24hrs so u can check in at any time5) inside the room they had tea sachets and water heater to make tea (maybe that is normal in London hotels anyway...)6) TV inside the room although they have just 4 channels 7) seems clean, as far as my eyes could see...8) breakfast is included but I didnt have breakfast at the hotel9) they have cleaning service, the other day I arrived at the hotel my room was clean with tidy bedBAD:1) toilet is very tiny and not nice to have a shower, sink was outside the toilet, inside the bedroom2) its possible to hear the noises from other rooms, thin walls3) staff isnt friendly - thats not very important though - but I think they could be better...4) as expected there's no xampoo in the room, so bring urs5) no elevator in the hotel - not good for people with reduced mobility	
Aug 14 2007 	Crestfield Hotel-OK Hotel	Just stayed four nights at this hotel. Crestfield Hotel is a 2 stars hotel so don't expect much, however you can expect the basic, so I got what i was expecting:- Very good location, with King's Cross at 100 meter from the hotel also some fast food restaurantes nearby as well as some groceries stores- Small room with smaller private bathroom (so small that the washsink was in the room)- Clean space as well as clean towels every day.- Breakfast included (cereals, toasts, the basic)- Some noise at night- Staff professional but not very friendlyTo conclude if you're a traveler like me that only want a room to spend the night then this hotel is good otherwise go for a 3 star hotel.From Portugal	
Aug 9 2007	Clean Economical Good Location	This basic but clean hotel fit our bill of being affordable for a family of four (two adults and daughters ages 12 &amp; 14) and well located in a fairly quiet neighborhood but very close (1 minute walk) to the Metro and several inexpensive restaurants. Our biggest frustration in booking hotel rooms for Europe was that it's difficult to find hotels that will accomodate a family of four in one room or give a price break for a second room. Frankly I didn't want to double our hotel costs by constantly booking two rooms as we are OK with being somewhat cramped as long as the hotel is clean and in a good location. This hotel allowed us to put four people in a room, and it was always clean, we were fine with the location because it is very close to the subway and thus minutes away from anywhere you want to go. Also we didn't want to spend a fortune on food, rather splurging on nice restaurants periodically but our preference was to eat primarly at bakeries, delis, walk-up counter places. There were several inexpensive but good Indian, Asian and Fish &amp; Chip places right around the corner, across from King's Cross Metro station, as well as small grocery stores. My husband said the breakfast was good, although the rest of us skipped it. I would recommend this hotel. It's nothing truly memorable but it's cost effective, seemed safe, clean and pleasant.	
Aug 8 2007	Great Location but very very basic!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for the weekend and we had a great time. The hotel itself if very very basic so if you are looking for luxury this is not the place for you! The rooms are tiny [we had a double room] so you wouldn't want to be planning to spend a lot of time in the them. However they are very clean and sheets are changed everyday and fresh towels given. The ensuite could do with a bit of updating. They have a little bar and a cute little terrace at the back.You couldn't do better for location as this hotel in directly across from Kings Cross Station, which is one of the main stations and therefore you can get to anyway in a matter of minutes, you really couldn't do better for price either, you get what you pay for!!!I would stay at this hotel again definitely!!	
Jul 6 2007 	Not bad at all	Not bad at all, if you want an inexpensive place to stay in London. The rooms are small but they are very clean and the breakfast is included and there is plenty of it. There is no lift but we told them we were seniors and we didn’t have to drag the bags up too many stairs. Also it is a very secure hotel with someone on reception 24 hours.Being just a few minutes from Kings Cross Station is a bonus as we were able to get the Thames Link to Gatwick with no problems. As a matter of fact it was handy to everything. We got an Oyster card and after using the tube found the buses were the best way to get around and cheaper than the tube. All in all The Crestfield is a good place to stay if you just want to sleep and sightsee …	
Jul 4 2007 	Last of the Good Deals in London	Don't get me wrong. There is nothing fancy about this hotel. But it was clean and comfortable and the owner was very accommodating. We had three rooms for 2 nights. The single room was exceptionally small but the two doubles were fine. The back yard and small bar is a highlight. The breakfast is very simple but is sufficient. Near by there are dozens of good places to eat and pubs with Guinness abound ! The Underground is very close which makes it very easy to get anywhere in London.	
Jul 1 2007 	Good value at the Crestfield	Just got back from a weekend at the Crestfield. Booked 2 treble rooms. The hotel was clean and reasonably maintained, the treble rooms are pretty cramped and the shower/toilets are the minimum size but everything worked ok. The 2 best things about the hotel are the price and the location. Plus the bar area is nice and the location is surprising quiet considering where it is.	
Jun 27 2007 	Crestfield -clean and well located	First - location. It's a minute's walk from King's Cross/St Pancras station. This means you have many tube lines to choose from. The Edinburgh train leaves from there and it's the direct line from Heathrow airport, AND it has escalators and ramps, so there's no stairs to struggle with luggage.Second- it is a secure hotel, you buzz to be let in&gt; This means they know exactly who they have let in.Third - the Crestfield has been renovated and now has an outdoor area and a bar. The rooms are small but very clean, with tea /coffeee making facilities. An iron and ironing board are at ground level. The only minor criticism was there was no lift so when we, unluckily, were placed in the very top level, we had to drag the heavy suitcases up many flights of stairs. However when we returned from Edinburgh and stayed there again the one small flight was fine! For the price the hotel is excellent for the value.Lastly - breakfast is included, which is a little monotonous after 3 days, and although we tried to stall them, the ladies could not change, so we got the toast almost as soon as we sat down, which of course meant that it was cold by the time we'd finished the fruit/cereal. A very minor criticism of a great place to stay.	
Jun 2 2007 	Super OK	We stayed at Crestfield in March 2007 and the hotel proved to be exactly what we were looking for: modest but clean, cheap but good location (located in London zone 1 and close to the subway). The first great thing about this hotel is the location: not only basically only 30 sec to the subway station, but also the name of the subway station is King's Cross =&gt;a junction of many other london lines and therefore it is very very easy to get/connect to anywhere in Lndon if the destination is on the underground map.The hotel itself is pretty small, and the rooms the same, but you won't mind that if you're in London to mainly see the city and just use the room as a place to rest before you hit the road again next morning. It has a bathroom, a TV and a hairdryer, towels and sheets are exchanged every day and the room is cleaned up when you get home after a long day around London.Breakefast is very poor and this literally speaking: you only get toast and butter and jam and fruit salad. But considering we did't have to pay extra for it, we didn't complain and got our &quot;fish and chips&quot; lunch later.For party people, there are 3 great places around king's cross which seemed the perfect place to be on a saturday night; unfortunatelly we didn't even try to get in, as everybody stood in line and there was a guy at the gate deciding whether your face is fit for the club or not.....but if you're lucky to be accepted, its super london club fun and within walking distance from you hotel.To sum up, I will return to London whenever I'm on a low budget trip and the main objective is to visit London and not linger on an all inclusive hotel.	
May 28 2007 	Great value at good location	After a quite thorough reading through several hotel guides we opted for this hotel, and we had a very positive stay.The hotel is almost right up the stairs from the Kings Cross St. Pancras stop by Tube, and is thus almost impossible to miss. This is also a stop with good connections.The Crestfield reception is open 24/7 and the service is good. The rooms are a bit small, but with a closet for your clothes. They are very clean, and with decent facilities, such as a fairly spatious shower, a TV and quite comfortable beds. There's even a quite nice bar right by the reception.As for value for money, you probably won't do much better than this in London.	
May 5 2007 	Just right!	Excellent location (3/4 block from Kings Cross/St Pancras) is a major draw for this hotel. Clean, quiet, and well-maintained by a pleasant staff. They just finished renovating their downstairs, and most of the rooms have been painted within the last year.The neighborhood is not great, but basic street smarts will keep you safe. Good restaurants (especially Casa Mamma around the corner and Rocket up the street a few blocks).There is a clever (and lovely) garden/courtyard which made a pleasant place to chat with other guests, or just to st and read a book after a long day.If you want a Serta Sleeper mattress, room service, a telephone, cable TV with 100s of channels, or even washcloths -- you will not like this hotel.If, however, you want a clean, quiet, comfortable room that is safe without paying $100s a night -- the Crestfield is for you. We'll stay here again the night time we travel to London.	
Apr 25 2007 	Not a great location	This hotel was a great price for London. It was about $120 for a night and included breakfast.The room was clean but very, very small. The two of us couldn't both be standing in the room at the same time and there was no place to put our luggage.The hotel is located near the Kings Cross Station, which was convient, but very loud. It didn't feel like a very safe neighborhoodand the we heard the police going by with sirens blaring all night long.Some of the staff was very nice and some were just rude. For our first time in London it was not a great experience. Luckily we only stayed one night here and then moved on...The rest of our UK hotel experiences were great~	
Mar 28 2007 	Cosy and useful for London sightseekers!	For people like us, interested in having a clean cosy night shelter close to the main city attractions, Crestfield hotel was a good choice, we were so busy sightseeing that we spent a very short time in the room.POSITION:That was great: the train and underground station (King's Cross) are a few meters away, the bus stop is also there, most buses take you to Trafalgar Square in 10 minutes, you're only one bus stop from British Library, British Museum is close too, in 10 minutes you can olso reach Oxford Street or Piccadilly Circus. The area is quiet and safe even late in the night. THE ROOM:Do not expect huge area to walk into when you are inside, the room is very small, but has has everything you need for a traveller: good beds, clean sheets, functional shower place and toilette, TV, you can prepare a coffee/tea. The room is visited for a tide-up every day. Critcism: 1. The weird way hot and cold water pour from separate parts in the sink, it is almost impossible to get a normal handwash! 2. We would have appreciated a little heat during the night..., the weather was fine (14-15 Celsius degrees at noon), the British probably consider summer is already there! BREAKFAST:That was almost traditional and unchanged each morning (from 7:30 to 9 sharp): toast, bread, jam, cereals, coffee/tea, orange/apple juice.Criticism: 1. The &quot;last call&quot; for breakfast was too early, when you are on holiday, it is supposed you wake up a little late, maybe 9:30 or 10 would have been a better choice. The women serving breakfast were very precise about time, every morning at 9:00 they switched the lights off and on in order to send us away, which was not a funny idea... 2. We lacked some ham.... or eggs... or cheese, all breakfast was sweet!All in all, I recommend this location for a few nights stay in case you are in London for sightseeing, definetely not for a honeymoon!	
Mar 10 2007 	Could have been worse...	The Crestfield definitely has a great, central, safe location (King's Cross has cleaned up a bit since I was last there). Overall, the property was clean enough and served our needs, and I would definitely recommend the place to someone looking for a basic, cheap (for London) place to stay.I was a little disappointed by the fact that I had requested NOT to be put in the basement when I booked the room and I ended up there anyway. We shared a bathroom with three other rooms. I'm pretty tolerant, but if you can't stand mildew, you've been warned.On our last day there, something was up in the breakfast room. The women who serve breakfast were slamming things around and put everything away and turned the lights out at a half hour before breakfast was due to end. And people were still sitting there eating. Odd.If you're only staying for a couple of nights, I'd say the Crestfield is great for a basic, affordable room. We stayed 5 nights, which was too long.	
Feb 25 2007	Very close to Kings Cross Station and Tube	The Hotel is very handy for Kings Cross /St Pancras Stations and the Tube. - just across the road.Staff were very friendly and helpful. Practice your Ltavian/Bulgarian.Room was small but clean.I got no hot water on the top floor for a shower before 9 am - everybody wanting a shower at once?Breakfast not so much continental as cereal, tinned fruit and cold toast.However, in London a reasonable and convenient option.	
Feb 20 2007	Good Budget Hotel	Stayed at The Crestfield for one night and it's definitely one of the better budget hotels.Our room on the first floor was bright, clean and had been recently decorated (you could still smell the paint!). There was a good sized dressing table/work surface with plenty of tea and coffee. The shower room was a wet room type and the shower was good with plenty of hot water. The only slight problem was that there was no hot water at the wash basin but we just boiled the kettle.The 24 hour bar is great as you don't often get that with a cheaper hotel. We stopped off for a drink before going to bed and noticed there's also a nice patio area which would be lovely in the summer months.Breakfast is only available till 9am so we thought we'd have a lie in and venture down to Balans in Soho after checkout for one of their great breakfasts.Would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget - it's friendly, clean and comfortable.	
Jan 21 2007 	Good value for money	My wife and I stayed in this hotel on a Friday night as we went to see a show. (Wicked - brilliant!)We basically wanted somewhere which was in a good location, clean but not costing the earth - and that's exactly what we got.The hotel is literally 2 minutes walk from Kings Cross tube and very easy to find. The staff were friendly and polite and even though check in is not until 2pm (we arrived in London about 10.30am) they let us leave our case in the hotel bar which seemed pretty safe as the front door to the hotel has an intercom so anyone wishing to enter has to be 'buzzed in' by the desk staff.Our room was a decent size and had a large bed, dressing table, chest of drawers and open wardrobe. Plenty of room for stuff anyway. The lay out is a little strange as the sink is in the main room with a kind of wet room style shower in a seperate room off which also has the toilet in it! The shower itself was great, nice and powerful with plenty of hot water.The hotel also has a nice bar area, a pleasant courtyard which I guess would be nice to use in the summer and a breakfast room. We didn't have the breakfast as we opted for a lie in instead so can't comment on that.To sum up I was impressed with the hotel for what we paid for it (£60 for the room inc.breakfast). The location is brilliant and the room was clean and comfortable. If you want to spend hours luxuriating in your room then obviously it's not the place for you but if you are looking for a good base while you explore London you can't go wrong here.P.S. Don't be put off by the Kings Cross address either. We felt perfectly safe and saw no trouble at all and it was very quiet at night.	
Dec 2 2006 	Great hotel! Strongly recommend it!	I stayed in this hotel for the second time this year and if I return to London that's where I will stay.That's true, the rooms aren't very big, neither are the bathrooms. But I didn't intend to stay there the whole day long, so to spend the night and take a shower I think it's more than enough...The location is perfect, 50m away from King's Cross Station (train and tube lines) which takes you to all important places, many restaurants (italian, indian, Starbucks, Pret a manger, McDonalds, Burger King, pubs - you name it!), and supermarket open 24/7.The staff is really nice, very helpful and the hotel is clean (that issue is very important to me...). The breakfast is pretty good (coffee, milk, tea, toasts, cereals...) and served on the table by some ladies that keep bringing you coffee and hot toasts.Finally, the price... I payed £120 for two nights. Comparing with some hotels I have seen on the net I think It is great money for value. You won't find in London a better hotel for that price and so centrally located. I strongly recommend it!	
Nov 28 2006 	2nd Visit - no complaints	This was my second visit to the Crestfield following the first about two years ago. The hotel hasn't changed and I'll still recommend it for a short stay in London. £45 per night for a double with a shower and toilet (it actually stated 'next to room' rather than en-suite when I was booking, so I thought it was shared, and got a nice surprise when I realised the facilities were private) You can only really beat that if you manage to get one of the Travelodge offers.As I previously found, the rooms are clean, which is the most important thing. They have a small TV and tea/coffee making facilities, and you get clean towels. The room we had this time was small but not box-like - completely fine for our needs. Its not too noisy considering the proximity to KX, and staff are polite. Yes the decor is dated and a little bit shabby, but thats pretty standard for this price. The bed was OK - not the most comfortable, but I've slept on worse, and the bedding was clean and well presented.The shower didnt look much, but was powerful and hot water readily available. Again, the facilities including toilet were clean, which is always top of my list. Breakfast is held in a large cheerful canteen-style dining room downstairs. Again, its basic - you get a choice of cereals/tinned fruit, fruit juice, tea/coffee and toast, but the fact that you get anything included in the £45 is great, and the place is spotless.Try to pay in cash if you can - they charge for credit card usage and the machine wasnt working when I checked in anyway.	
Nov 27 2006	Crestfield = Average for London on a Budget	Exactly what the previous poster has said. I would like to add that London is VERY expensive and that the hotel was relatively cheap for the city. I would definately allow for a bigger budget for my hotels on my next trip to London.	
Sep 5 2006 	Small	The hotel has a good location if you are travelling by train from London Kings Cross, St Pancras or Euston stations. Staff is nice and it seems to be a safe hotel. The rooms are very small and the bathroom (just with shower) even smaller. The shower is not comfortable, with a whole in the floor for water, and very tiny washing basin. Two people have difficulty in walking around room specially if you have luggage. It is clean, with TV, quiet. We got a top floor room, and it was difficult to carry the luggage up the narrow stairs … it has no lift, so not recommend for older of disable persons. The breakfast is continental and ok. It is good value for money, you don't find a better hotel for the same price. So for a short stay and travelling convenience it is nice hotel for the surroundings.	
Aug 21 2006	Good on a budget	My partner and I stayed at the Crestfield from the 2nd July 2006 - 5th July 2006.Good Points:GREAT location. Only a Short walk to the tube. Lots of places to eat, a post office and a few pubs nearby. CHEAP.The tiny bar and courtyard at the back was quite nice on a summer evening.A complimentary breakfast (quite basic- cereal, toast, juice, coffee)Good-sized rooms.Bad Points:NO Air conditioning. If I was going to stay in London again in summer, i would stay in a place with air conditioning. It was very hot in the rooms, even with the window open at night.NO lift. We were a few floors up, and had to lug all our luggage up the stairs. Overall, a good, cheap stay. Clean and basic, a bit old and worn. Not ideal for the London Heat Waves, though!	
Aug 15 2006 	Wouldn't stay again	We had planned to stay at the Crestfield for our entire stay in London but they were booked out so we ended up staying just one night, opting for a more expensive hotel for the rest of the stay.I found the rooms to be small and outdated with odd stains on the carpet. There was poor security as the window opened onto the street and did not lock properly. The bathroom was like a small cupboard and the shower went over the basin. The TV only had 2 chanels and on the rest the reception was poor.To top it all off I'm convinced there were bed bugs in the bed as I woke up with small bites all over me!On the upside the continental breakfast was adequate.Overall I would not stay here again and was glad that i'd paid a bit more for nicer accomodation elsewhere.	
Jul 20 2006 	Great spot Crestfield	was in London on business last month.Stayed in the Crestfield for 2 nights &amp; it was superb.Convenient central location (right beside Kings Cross station).Continental breakfast was more than adequate,cereal,4 slices of toast,coffee/tea/hot chocolate,juice.I wasn't hungry till late afternoon.Didn't avail of the 24 hour bar on my 1st night due to business the next morning but made up for it the next day! It's a nice bar area with an exquisite beer garden out the back; London temperatures can get pretty high in the summer so the beer garden is a better bet &amp; it's a 24 hour bar so even if you head out somewhere you're always guaranteed a cold beer at the Crestfield! Beers available are: John Smiths ale; Spitfire ale (i think); Fosters Lager; Stella Artois; Grolsch (they serve the lagers by can). Full range of spirits &amp; wines.The staff are extremely helpful;they're all Bulgarians &amp; Lithuanians (there's a few nice chicks). Overall, I'd recommend The Crestfield for anyone really; business people,students,families or couples.	
Jul 7 2006	Terrible Place to Stay - Pictures shown do not tell the whole story	Booked this hotel for 3 nights stay after much research and based on the past reviews here - booked a QUAD (4 person - 2 Adults &amp; 2 Child) $80 pounds per night. Well it is close to KingCross station (50 meters) which is good and bad, bad because you are close to main street - Euston and you will hear the traffic if you do not keep your windows close and being in summer, you need to have it open. There is no air-con like most European hotels. We were on the first floor and there are 2 more floors above. There is no lift or elevator, the stair is narrow and steep so be careful with your heavy and big luggage, the corridor is narrow, opened the door and we could smell a &quot;dead rat&quot; and there is no room for luggages and walk in the room, only one person can move at any one time, the bathroom is small and tight even for a small frame person like me, 5' 7&quot; slim, the floor creaks when you walk and this is a real problem as the folks upstairs checked in late and stayed up late, so you get no sleep. We checked out the next day and moved to a different hotel. I mistake I made is to trust that the hotel would not pack 4 beds into a room that can barely fit 2 beds. It would be nice if the room descriptions included square footage of the room, in my haste to get out I forgot to measure the room for this review. The staff speaks ok english - so management may have changed since some of the reviews posted here. For $20 pounds per night more you can get better places and there are lots of hotels around. A better approach may be to outside of London, better hotels and cheaper and commute in by underground. The undergound is efficient and cheap -- 3 day pass unlimited ride for zone 1&amp;2 is only $15 pounds. - Good Luck	
Jun 14 2006	Clean comfortable room Great price.	Stayed a total of 5 nights in the Crestfield in a Single Room (with shared a shared bathroom). While I found the hotel staff in general were not overly friendly, they were not rude and generally helpful. Room was perfectly clean and included tea/coffee making facilities, small television and the size was sufficient for my needs. The shared bathroom wasn't too good with no where to hang anything. Breakfast, while not full english was good and more than sufficient.Location is average. It's a little far away from many of the major sites, but with Kings Cross just down the road, most sights are a short tube ride away. Being close to the Piccadilly line, its very easy to get to and from Heathrow.The price (35 pound a night inc. breakfast) is extremely cheap for London.I would stay at the Crestfield again.	
Jun 14 2006	Very Good Choice	I found the Crestfield quite easily. It was exactly where the directions said it would be - across the street from Kings Cross Station. The gentleman that checked me in was very friendly. The front desk is staffed 24 hours a day. And the front door is locked at all times. You have to buzz to get in. When you leave, you have to leave your room key and collect it when you return. My room was on the third floor. As it is an older building, it had no elevators, so I had to walk up and down a LOT of steps. I had both of my knees fixed, so it was a work out for me. If you are an older person or have bad knees, this may not be the hotel for you. My room was quite clean and tidy. The bed was very comfortable. I had booked an en suite and it was clean and had plenty of hot water for showers. As a warning to the Americans - the ensuite room has the toilet, sink and shower all in one room. It is small, but like I said, it was clean and I had plenty of hot water for showering. The booking came with a continental breakfast: three types of cereal, toast, orange juice, apple juice, coffee and tea. It was basic, but quite filling. They come round to refresh your coffee or tea often. If you are on a budget, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 6 2006	Good location but tiny room	This little hotel certainly had its beneifts -- it was right down the street from a major tube stop, it was clean, and nice. But the room was a postage-stamp size -- tiny -- and there was no lift, so we had to heft our bags up the circular staircase. But for the money, this hotel was great -- just what we expected. For this class of hotel in London, I'd have to say I feel we got a great deal.	
May 30 2006	The Best Deal in Town	This place just has basic rooms for a good price. It's right outside the tube station. We took the underground from Heathrow for 4 pounds each. it takes about an hour. We had a room in the back but the street is pretty quite even in a front room. don't know how hot it gets in summer but i don't think they have air conditioners. we never shut the windowes in may and it was just fine. The bathroom was ok with the shower drain in the floor. As long as it was clean- how much time are you planning to stay in the room anyway?It appears the Russians that own the place are fixing it up. If you have a problem you will probably wait awhile for someone to look at it. there is no elevator so be prepaired to lug your luggage, the top floor is 4 flights up. There are many no-name hotels in this area I would assume they are all about the same price if they advertise. The toast and cereal breakfast is alot better than a full cooked English breakfast which I guarantee looks pretty strange to an American.Compared to what you would pay in most big hotels this place is a gem.	
May 23 2006	Just as it says on the packet!	We're just back from a 4 day stay at the Crestfield, having chosen it because of the overwhelmingly positive comments on tripadvisor.Its strengths are the staff ( very friendly and polite) , its location (ideal getting into the public transport network) and of course, its prices.We had a minor problem with the shower as we were on the top floor but as soon as we mentioned the lassie at reception explained what to do (you just hold it facing down when you start the water flow and then put it back to the normal position!). Now in a more expensive place I would not have accepted that but, hey, we're in budget hotel London territory so it was OK. The morning breakfast staff aren't a bundle of laughs but they do their job efficiently and the menu is acceptable at that level.The access to transport is excellent - come out of Kings Cross station and use the underpass to go to the Euston Road exit. As you come up the steps Crestfield Street is 10 metres away. BTW there's a lot of repair work going on in the undeground lines at the moment, especially at weekends so check the information notices and announcements at the stations.As far as the TV is concerned I can't comment as we never had it on - too busy enjoying London!My &quot;above average&quot; rating is based what you get for it costs in comparison to many other places I've stayed in throughout Europe.	
May 22 2006	Comfortable	Our room was clean and the staff was friendly. The room was small but comfortable. The best thing about this hotel, for us, was the location. It is very close to the king's cross station, so it was very easy for us to get to the underground and to the Thameslink trains for farther trips. If you are coming from Heathrow, I would not sugest taking a taxi as it is rather an expensive journey. All things considered, this hotel is a good value.	
May 20 2006	Cold but clean room	We booked this hotel on advice from tripadvisor forum. Stayed there for 3 nights.The ultimate downside of Crestfield Hotel is the lackidaisical attitude of the staff. They seem unwilling to give a reasonable explanation when we asked why there wasn't central heating in the room...they simply shrugged it off. We were told that they turned central heating off due to &quot;comments that the rooms were too hot&quot;?? (it may be hot for others, but cold for someone coming from South-east Asia!) and offer blankets if we want to. In addition, the TV reception isn't working. When we made it known to the staff next morning, it seems that they have already known this problem existed.(and choose to shrugg it off again). The bed is also a bit small for 2 grown adults.In addition, the bathroom's drainage had problems...water flowed out of the bathroom door's gap. resulting in a cold, wet nasty floor.Overall, we like the clean room but would not come back again for another 'winter experience'.	
May 8 2006	small and nice	even better than I expected!went there because of the reviews I had read and didn't want to spend a lot but wanted to be close to the center2 minutes walk from Kings Cross (wich takes you practically anywhere on the tube) and is 30 minutes away by train from Lutonknew to expect small, but for the location and the price I believe its the best you can get in London (its the same price as the hostels!)we got a small double room with a window to the terrace, toilet, shower and sink. you get a towel per person per day but no body gel or shampoothe room (50A on the 1st floor) had no phone but a small tv &amp; kettle (tea, milk and sugar to help yourself!). carpet on the floor, but: hey! its england ;)didn't bother with the breakfast (served from 7:30 to 9) so can't judgethe dog is nice, and the girls at reception were correctdefinately will go back to the same hotel when I go back to london	
May 7 2006	good value and location	Area around the hotel is interesting...a half block away is Euston Rd. to the north and the King's Cross underground station is right across Euston rd. Area around the station is what you'd expect as far as safety and security go...be alert and careful and you'll be fine. Everything south of the hotel area between Euston Rd and New Oxford street is really nice and safe feeling... Staff very nice...breakfast is included...cereal, toast, juice, coffee, tea...enmough to get you started. I saw lots of families with children in the brekfast roon...some with infants. My bathroom was all I needed...shower w/ plenty of hot water and toilet. If you are one of these folks who needs all the little cute hotel thingies like shower caps and designer shower accessory packs you need to pay the 250 bucks a nite and stay somewhere else...but if you are like me and like to sleep and get clean while pounding the pavement exploring then this is the place for you. note...everything south of this area is the university area so lots of inexpensive places to get food. Safe feel because of all the students...10 min walk to Oxford Street area...I did most of my exploring on foot from this hotel and it was fine...Russell Square park just south...go have a picnic!	
Apr 29 2006	Good deal	We needed somewhere cheap and clean for two nights in London. The Crestfield fitted the bill perfectly. The room was adequate, with separate shower room and separate toilet. There was a handbasin and mirror in the room.The room was perfectly clean, with comfortable bed. We were happy with the pillows. A couple of things didn't work properly - one light bulb needed replacing, and the handle was missing from the wardrobe door. The room was on the back so was quiet for central London. Breakfast was OK - from the other reviews we knew not to expect anything grand but were quite happy with what we got. There was fruit juice, tinned fruit and cereal to choose, as well as some yoghurts. Toast and hot drinks were brought to the table. Location was fine, too. Just over the road from Kings Cross railway station, and handy for underground and buses. Tip: If you're travelling around London on public transport, get an Oyster card. It costs £10 minimum plus a £3 deposit on the card. But - the fares you pay are less than paying cash for each ticket. And it saves the hassle of finding a working ticket machine before you get on a bus. Any money left over at the end is refunded, along with the deposit. You have to mail the cards back for this and wait for the money, but it saved us plenty doing our travel that way.	
Apr 13 2006	Good price and good location	I stayed at Crestfield March 30 until April 5. The hotel appears to be run by a Russian family. I have read other reviews where some of the staff were rude. I found each person to be helpful, friendly and even held our luggage after check out so we wouldn't have to find a locker for rent before catching our train.Just a couple minutes at best from Kings Cross tube station. Kings Cross is known for being a &quot;bad&quot; area in terms of crime, but I had no problems while there - even late in the evening.My friend and I had a room with twin beds. The room was very small and the beds were so close you couldn't walk between them. However, the beds were very comfortable. The bathroom may put some people off. It is what is called a &quot;wet room&quot;. This means that the bathroom floor has a drain and the shower is not enclosed. You go into the room and it's a sink, toilet and beside that a shower head coming out of the wall. In short, when you take a shower, the whole bathroom gets wet. We worked with this and used one of our towels as a sort of bath mat outside the bathroom door. It dries quickly and for such a good price in London, I didn't really have a problem with it. Just a small inconvenience.I would stay there again. It was very well located, comfortable and well priced.	
Apr 4 2006	Good value good location	I booked our 4 night stay at the Crestfield based on the reviews I had read here, which were accurate and informative. Overall, the Crestfield was more like a bed and breakfast to me than a hotel, but that is not a bad thing. I liked the quaint charm.There were three of us traveling, and we had a room on the top floor facing the street, with three single beds. There is no elevator, so it was about five flights of narrow stairs to our room (#20). The room was clean and plenty big enough for the three of us, as we weren't really there but to shower and sleep. The beds are adequately comfortable, but the pillows are hard. The bathroom was clean, but small and has room for only one person at a time. The shower will splash on the floor all the way over to the toilet, if you're not careful. There was plenty of hot water, and the water pressure was not bad. The will provide you with one towel a day per person, but that is all; make sure you bring your own washcloth, hand towel, soap, shampoo, etc. There was a small TV in the room with only about five local channels. There is not a phone or an alarm clock in the room, but they will give you a &quot;wake up knock&quot; if you ask at the front desk.The location is great. You can see Kings Cross tube station from the hotel, and several tube lines come thru there, so you can get to about anywhere in the city without much trouble (including a direct route to/from Heathrow Aiport on the Picadilly line, albeit nearly an hour trip). Please note, they are doing a LOT of upgrades to the tube system right now, and there were occasions when lines that normally operate thru Kings Cross were not running, such as the Circle Line. Check out www.tfl.gov.uk in advance of your trip to see if there are any planned disruptions. Also, there are several restaurants in the area, including McDonalds, KFC, and a fish &amp; chips place; and in Kings Cross station, there are several other stores, including a Marks &amp; Spencer food shop, which is a great place to get fresh, portable snacks. There is a Currency Exchange on the corner of Crestfield Street that has a very good rate and no commission.There was some noise at night, such as sirens and alarms, but you get used to it after a while; or you can bring ear plugs and block it out that way, which I had to do one of our nights there when an alarm somewhere in the neighborhood went off all night (I am not exaggerating). But it is the city, so noise is to be somewhat expected.The staff is Eastern European, and although they are nice, they are not overly friendly. There is someone at the desk at all times, and the front door is always locked. They will let you in when you arrive, or if you ring the buzzer. Also, whenever you leave the hotel, you leave your room key at the front desk and they hold it for you.There is a pay phone and iron and ironing board downstairs next to the lobby, and they have hair dryers that you can use. Breakfast is fairly minimal. There are a few varieties of cereal and whole milk, some fruit cocktail, toast with butter and jam, apple and orange juices, and coffee. It is not much, but it is included with the room, and even a few pieces of toast is better than nothing.So, having said all that, let me say this: I would definitely stay at the Crestfield again. I hope this helps.	
Apr 4 2006	It was a good choice	I've been at Crestfield for 3 nights with my girlfriend. I had no bad surprises. The hotel was exactly as previously described. Maybe breakfast could be improved, but I had not great expectations and so i'm glad of what i found.It's indicated for young travellers without too many pretences.I appreciated its cheap price fot its basic services, and I guess i'll come back since the king-cross location location is a good convenience.	
Mar 27 2006	The other reviews are correct!	Upon reading the favorable reviews from others I decided to book the Crestfield. Luckily they were right and I had a nice experience during my 4 night stay there. ROOMI got a room with toilet &amp; shower in the main building on the 1st floor (2nd floor for USA) facing the street. Even though the room wasn't very big, it was big enough for me and my stuff and it had high ceilings. There is a small TV with only a few local channels.BATHROOMThe room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom worked well and the shower did too. Make sure to bring soap and shampoo with you. NOISE LEVELOverall it was quiet at night with the only noise coming from the 2 neighboring rooms when they go in and out of their rooms (the doors make quite a bit of noise when they close) because the walls are thin.BREAKFASTI did not like the breakfast too much since I don't eat cereal nor do I drink milk. So all that was left was toast with jelly and bad tasting fruit salad from the can with cheap orange juice. There is a McDonald's just down the street (US McDonald's have better breakfast!) and the nearby train station with fresh sandwiches.LOCATION / TRANSPORTATIONYou can get to all the interesting locations in no time from here since the hotel is less than half a block from the entrance to the Tube (subway). King's Cross Station is a mayor station so different lines depart from here so you won't even have to switch trains to get to most places! STAFFThe hotel staff is friendly (they are Bulgarians) and matter of fact (some people thought they were rude - I think they are just being themselves, which is being matter of fact no nonsense attitude that I find friendly).CONCLUSIONOverall I find this hotel/bed&amp;breakfast a great deal for London standards since it offers everything a tourist on a budget needs. I would not go if I were on a business trip though.	
Mar 27 2006	Good value for the money	I stayed at the Crestfield hotel for 3 nights in march 2006. I actually booked it based upon what I've read here on tripadvisor.com. Me and my friend stayed in a twin ensuite and payed totally 165 GPB, which I think is a very good price. Our room was small, especially between the two single beds, but the bathroom was bigger than expected. (It was indeed twice as big as some pictures show on this site).The room had a small Tv and equipment for tea/coffee - making. It was very clean, and quite newly renovated. (Cleanliness is something I find very important)The worse thing about our room was the bathroom, allthough it wasn't that small as I feared, it was no place to hang your towel, no shampoo in the shower and it was quite cold. The shower didn't have any showercurtain, so when showering the whole room was getting wet.  The breakfast wasn't very impressing either. Toast, cereals, jam, butter, tea and coffee. But all in all I would recommend this hotel if you want a clean, cheap hotel not to spend to much time in, but to sleep in when arriving from a long day out in the city.	
Jan 3 2006	New Year Crash Pad	We stayed here on New Years Eve as we'd booked a special night out in London.The street this hotel is on is literally across the road from the station. There was a tube strike - but a bus stop was right around the corner and the buses ran all night. A number 73 will get you to Oxford street in a few minutes. It is a budget hotel - but it was very clean, had a 24 hour reception, very curtious and friendly staff, and the rooms had everything you needed for a safe and comfy night. It is a bit noisy - but that's the location.It felt safe to be walking around, lots of people around all the time and it's really easy to get in and out of the city. All in all - I would stay here again if I needed to overnight in London... good value for money, basic, tea and toast for breakfast, but has all you need!	
Dec 8 2005	Excellent location with lot of london cheaper food around	We stay at Crestfield hotel from 26 to 29 Nov. The hotel was at a excellent location near king cross rail and metro/tube station. We arrive from luton airport by rail and walk just 5 mins to reach the hotel. The hotel was just less than 1 min away from the nearest entrance of king cross tube station.The room was pretty small with a small wall TV. At one time only one of us can walk around. We had to store our lugguage beneath the bed for more room. The breakfast was quite ok with toast and jam, cereal and juice. The staffs are all very friendly. If you have big and heavy baggage. Take note, they do not have lift. It was quite hectic as we had to carry our 3 heavy baggage to the most top room at room 43 (level 4 in asia term).There were mcdonald, KFC, some cafe and our favourite chop chop chinese restaurant which provide good value chinese food.In all, we enjoy staying in the hotel with their cute little dog name jack. I would recommend my friends to stay at this hotel which is value for money.	
Nov 14 2005	Location!!!	The reason for the great rating is the great price for the location. If you are coming from the U.S., and are having trouble finding deals with the exchange rate, pick this hotel and you won't be disappointed. Let me try to add some things others have not about the location -- Some have said Kings Cross area is a bit &quot;seedy,&quot; but we didn't find any problems at any hour (and we are two young women). There are several nice non-fast food restaurants around -- Italian, Indian, and a noodle shop, just to name a few. There is a place to exchange your money very close, and the exchange rate is excellent. The tube is very easy to use, and you can get anywhere, quickly, from Kings Cross. If you are coming from the airport, take the train to the hotel b/c it is VERY easy and VERY cheap, even with jetlag (and a cab ride may cost ya $100, seriously). You can take a train from either Heathrow or Gatwick directly, with no changes, to Kings Cross. THE ROOM -- I saw some of the reviewers' pictures, and we must have lucked out with a &quot;larger&quot; room (Room 14). I have certainly had smaller rooms in Europe. We had two beds, a desk, room for two suitcases on the floor and could still walk around, and a larger bathroom. The hot water was plentiful. The negatives: there is no curtain over the window in the bathroom (so yes, folks got quite a show). Also, the pillows were bricks, really. They do not provide washcloths. Overall, this is a great, clean, convenient hotel -- the price is unbeatable for London.	
Nov 8 2005	Excellent location	My Fiancé and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in October 2005. We paid £33.00 each per night for a double en-suite to include continental breakfast, which I felt was excellent value for a London hotel. There are no lifts in this hotel, and the stairs are steep and winding (difficult for carrying cases up!). We were lucky enough to get a room on the very top floor (6 flights of stairs!).* THE ROOM *The room was EXTREMELY SMALL!!!! Our room had a double bed, a 14” TV attached to the wall on a stand, a hairdryer, a small open-wardrobe (with 6 hangers), a kettle, 2 cups/saucers, only one teaspoon though (!), sachets of tea / coffee / sugar and cartons of milk. Also in the room was the sink!!!! I’ve never seen that before! Our window was facing the back of the building and had no real view. The curtains didn’t close fully for my liking, and I used a couple of hair clips to hold them together! There was virtually no floor space at all, however, the bed was raised high up and so we were able to store our suitcases under the bed. There was a small bedside table on one side, and also a small reading light attached to the wall above the bed. There was a radiator in the room that worked, but it was so hot we it turned off after the first night.The room had an ashtray, which would normally mean that, being a smoking room, there would be a strong smell of nicotine. I’ve stayed in many ‘smoking’ rooms before, not by choice, and as a non-smoker I absolutely hate the smell that never goes away. HOWEVER this room didn’t smell at all! If it weren’t for the ashtray, I would’ve guessed it to be a non-smoking room. I don’t know how they did it, but I was really pleased about this!The Shower / toilet was the smallest I’ve EVER seen! The room was about 1m x 2m and the toilet was one end, the shower-head (fixed to the wall) the other. There was no curtain to separate the two, so the toilet ended up with water all over it afterwards! There were no hooks in this room, and although there was a small handrail, this was pointless as anything hanging from it would’ve been soaked! The shower pressure wasn’t particularly good, and the temperature was impossible to control. It was either scalding or freezing. I wouldn’t recommend for families with children because of this. The toilet roll supplied was average for a budget hotel, but I’d recommend taking your own if you’re fussy like me! The bed was made up each day and towels, milk / tea / coffee etc replaced. * BREAKFAST *The breakfast room was in the basement. It was reasonably sized. Continental breakfast is included at this hotel, and I was slightly disappointed with the limited choice, but it was adequate. Tea or coffee was brought to your table by the waiting staff, along with 3 slices of toast per person. Small portions of butter and jam (apricot, raspberry, strawberry and blackcurrant) were on the table. The cereals on offer were: Cornflakes, Muesli, Rice Krispies and Bran Flakes. A bowl of fruit salad, orange and apple juice were also available. The toast was very thin and dry, but I found it acceptable. The staff were pleasant.* LOCATION * The hotel is literally 100 metres from Kings Cross Station. From here it is only 3 stops to London Liverpool Street and a few stops, without changing, to other places of interest. This is by far the best hotel location I’ve had in London. Nearby was a KFC, Mc Donald’s, Chop Chop Noodle Bar, a Post Office, and a newsagent / convenience store. A bit further along there are a couple of pubs that serve food. * OTHER *The hotel reception is manned 24 hours, and the outside door is locked at all times (you have to be buzzed in) I thought this was a great security measure. Reception staff were friendly. The resident dog was friendly too, and would follow you around in the bar or reception area! We didn’t use the bar, but it looked nice and there was a widescreen TV and a few tables. This led outside, where there were more tables with parasols. It wasn’t really warm enough during our stay to sit outside, but it looked really nice. Considering the location of the hotel in relation to the road and tube station, I was surprised how quiet it was. We never heard a thing! There wasn’t a phone in the room, however, a payphone was located at the bottom of the stairs, alongside an iron &amp; ironing board (which I assume was for guest use?).* OVERALL *I would definitely recommend this hotel! Although it was very small, it was fine for us as we were in London to go sightseeing and we only needed somewhere clean to sleep and shower. The breakfast was ok. It wasn’t that filling, and not wanting to sound too snobby, all the food and drinks were more than likely ‘Tesco Value’ products – they were very cheap tasting. For the price you pay, its what you’d expect and there are plenty of places nearby where you can grab a snack if need be.	
Oct 28 2005	excellent	i m very happy from this place the room was very nice, and very cleanthe staff was excellen Mr.Rekus	
Oct 14 2005	Vey nice excellent price and 10m from British Museum!	Not a 5star hotel, but very clean, the personal very nice, the room very quiet and with excellent transportation. The only thing strange was that there was a dor to the shower and other to the toilet.(see the photos) but no problem because you can use the toilet meanwhile your partner is in shower. ;)	
Oct 14 2005	Better than avarage	I stayed there with my family for 3 nights first week in October. We had a quadruple room (no. 13), and the quality was as expected (ref. previous reviews); clean room, clean bed clothes, and quality beds, but rather sparsely equipped. The bathroom was quite clean, but unpractical.The location was perfect with short distance to the underground. Our room was facing the back yard, and traffic noise could hardly be heard.Breakfast: Standard continental only, the breakfast room was pleasant, and the kitchen staff were very helpful.Recommendable!	
Sep 1 2005	Perfect Hotel for the price	My 2 nieces and I stayed at the Crestfield for 6 nights. We enjoyed our stay. The staff were polite, the breakfast was basic - cereal and toast- the rooms small but clean and the location was perfect. We were right across from Kings Cross ST Pancras station. There's a McDonalds, Fish &amp; Chips, and KFC place on the corner. The only thing I would recommend is putting a hook on the back of the bathroom door to hang a towel or robe. Also the small cans of soda for 1 pound was outrageously expensive. The cans were like 4 oz if that. I would definately recommend this hotel to friends and family and would certainly stay here again when in London.	
Aug 1 2005	Great location and value	Great value and great location; clean. We had a family room for 3 nights and slept well. Nice little patio/Bar. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was continental/adequate and they have coffee/kettle in the rooms. Basically on top of Kings Cross. 24 hour attendant. We enjoyed our stay and would stay here again. Nice dog Jack... very cute.	
Jul 7 2005	Great Budget Hotel	This is in an ideal location just accross the road from King's Cross station.Staff were polite &amp; the room was clean with En-suit facilities. They have 24hour access and a bar also. Breakfast was included but as you do not need to check out till 11am we decided to enjoy some extra sleep after a very late night. At the value prices they offer you don't mind missing breakfast!!!Would stay there again in a heartbeat - this is the better end of cheap hotels in London - great budget accomodation!!!	
Jun 22 2005	Cheap ok rooms but not romantic	Stayed at the Crestfield for 5 days at the end of my honeymoon. The price was right, the location was great for hopping on the tube to just about anywhere. The staff was friendly, the in house pub always open!The courtyard was cute, and the room quiet. However the room was also TINY! our room had a double bed and a single, and once we opened the door we practically fell on the single bed. Couldn't move our big suitcases around the single bed because the room was so small, so we had to heave them over. The shower is pretty much what everyone else described, but it worked and the water pressure was great with plenty of hot water. For purely fun, tourist travel this hotel would be fine, and a great value. For honeymooners not so great, there was nothing in the least romantic about the hotel or the room. Bare bones basics, just a step above a hostel.	
Jun 12 2005	nice place	Would definitely stay at the Crestfield again. As they were not very full when I arrived, I got upgraded to a double room for the same price. What a pleasant surprise! The staff was always professional and the rooms were clean. When the remodelling of King's Cross/St Pancras station is completed, the neighborhood will certained be upgraded.	
Jun 6 2005	Good Value for Short Stay	My husband and I stayed at Crestfield hotel as an overnight stop from a late plane in from Italy and our long flight back to the States the following afternoon. That being said, we weren't there long, but Crestfield hotel was acceptable for what we needed - a cheap (for London), reasonably clean and safe hotel near the Piccidilly line for easy access to Heathrow. One word of warning - beware that the shower is a showerhead mounted on the bathroom wall with a drain on the floor (rather than a shower stall with a door/curtain), so the whole bathroom gets wet. However, the room and the bathroom did seem relatively clean. I was also a little surprised how quiet our room was - I was expecting more noise since it is so near Kings Cross Station. I would recommend Crestfield Hotel for a short stay like ours, but would recommend choosing a different hotel if you plan to stay in London longer than a day or two.	
May 9 2005	Excellant hotel staff and host Jack	My sister and I spent four nights at the Crestfield April 23 – 27. What a lovely hotel, especially for the price. Our room was clean, comfortable, and yes small. But not so small that we were in each other's way. The bathroom was compact, with the shower in the same room. Ask for an extra towel to use as a floor mat, and you’ll be fine. Hot shower, with good pressure, coffee and tea items, and TV make the room complete. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They never hesitated or seemed too busy for us. The 24 hour bar and courtyard were great places to kick back and chat about that days sightseeing. Breakfast was basic, but filling, with a variety of cereals, fruit juices, fruit cocktail, toast, tea or coffee. The hotel is secure, they buzz everyone in, and Jack their Scotty is an excellent host. Being so close to St Pancras/Kings Cross, and staying over the weekend we expected some late night noise, but nothing kept us up at night and our room faced the street. The tube and train station were very close, as well as small groceries, post office, bank, restaurants, and pubs. Excellent value for the money, I’ll be staying there next year when I return.	
Mar 30 2005	bad breakfast mould in the bathroom	We expected a nice breakfast but instead we got cheap white toast bread with some marmelade and some strange tasting coffee. There was also a little mould on the shower wall in the small bathroom.	
Mar 17 2005 	Simply superb for the money	Clean and superb value for money. Small and basic rooms if you're in a single but the rooms are always spotless and well decorated, the bedding always looks like new, plus the staff are friendly and helpful. It should be more expensive than it is!!!Not much more I can say.PS. They've got a really friendly scotty dog that is a delight.	
Mar 1 2005	great little place	We just returned after staying 4 nights. Room was a very, very small triple, but nice and clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. There was plenty of hot water for showers. This hotel is in a great location-across the street from the tube stop. If stairs are a problem, be careful. There is no elevator. Breakfast was simple but satisfactory. Would stay there again, but would see if there was a room a little bigger.	
Feb 16 2005	excellent hotel for such a low price	five of my friends and i stayed at the Crestfield for 8 nights in January of 2005. The rooms were small but who cares? We weren't there to hang out in the hotel room. The hotel was clean and the rooms freshly painted. the staff was friendly and it had a nice little bar. Breakfast was basic but plenty to start the day. The room was quiet and the hotel is a minute walk away from Kings Cross Station which was great! Everything you need is close by - tourist office, post office, internet cafes, etc. The price was excellent. I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 24 2004	Great if you're on a tight budget	Great hotel, friendly service. Clean, comfortable room. Definitely going back and would reccommend to others.	
Dec 22 2004	Excellent Value for central London	I stayed at the hotel with a friend on 18th December as we were off to a party. On arrival we found our basic twin room had been double booked, however they apologised and offered us a double en-suite at the same price. Which was fine as it happens because we're mates (but might have been a tad embarrasing to share a double in other circumstances). Staff very friendly - room was as expected. Clean and tidy, with tea and coffee making facilities and a TV. Shower room was one of those where the shower is actually in the room, rather than a cubicle. All got a bit soggy in there because the floor didnt really slope into the drain, but the water was always hot, and the towel rail was heated. Found it to be fairly quiet - the odd drunken yelling from the street but nothing I didnt expect for Kings Cross. The location is perfect if like me you're just coming down for the night on the train and you don't know what time you'll be getting back after the party. I can't comment on breakfast, as we didnt make it in time - but KX being as it is, there are loads of greasy spoons/macdonalds in the vicinity. I think £45 is a very good price for the location and I didnt feel unsafe at all.	
Dec 17 2004	Cheap clean and good location	We stayed at Crestfield for four nights in december 2004. Considering that we only payed like 45 GBP for a double with shower and wc we were surprised to find that the hotelrooms were fresh, clean and quiet. For this amount of money you usually get - as we understood it from reading reviews of other hotels - a kind of thilthy room located to a noisy street. That was not the case with Crestfield.Another plus is that this hotel is located 50 meters from Kings Cross from where you will find a lot of metrolines.We will stay here the next time we visit London, no doubt.	
Dec 4 2004	Great hotel in a great location	A friend of mine recommended this hotel to me because it was clean, well priced and in a great location. I stayed here with my wife and we weren't disapointed. The hotel was located about five minutes from the West End and two minutes from the Musuem. The room was a good size as was the bathroom - both were kept spotless. Breakfast was a full meal and was included in the price, which for two of us over seven days meant we saved quite a bit of money. Overall I would recommend highly.	
Nov 15 2004	Horrible	this is the worst hotel ever!!!fronzen room because of a broken window!Very noisy because of the police station next corner and because of the saint pancras eurostar modification.It was really really bad.really.I canunderstand why there are so many good reviews on this site	
Nov 1 2004	Good hotel good location	I stayed at the Crestfield Hotel for one night in October 2004. My boyfriend and I were going to a party in Islington and just wanted something cheap and cheerful nearby.This hotel did the job. Only a 45 second walk from St Pancras/Kings Cross station and a 15 min walk to Angel tube. Yes the room was basic and the bathroom small but then it only cost £60, which is very reasonable. Other cheaper hotels in the area had dreadful reviews on Trip Advisor.Everything was clean and comfortable, staff polite and the 24 hr bar, outside terrace area and Jack the dog are all a fun bonus! I can't comment on the breakfast as we didn't get up in time! They were also fine with us when we confessed to breaking one of the cups in our room - no extra charges at all.I would stay here again.	
Oct 9 2004	Good value cute dog!	I thought the space was small but clean. All night bar was a plus. The staff was helpful and friendly. Quiet area too. I enjoyed myself. It was right across from the Tube. And my favorite part was their Scottish Terrier Jack. I love Jack!	
Oct 3 2004	Recommended - reasonably cheap when it comes to London	I stayed in the Crestfield Hotel in Sept 2004 for 5 nights and had a good stay. It was reasonably priced when it comes to London Hotels. The room rate included an en suite bathroom and breakfast which was good value. The reception staff were all friendly (they seemed to work there 24 hours - like a sweat shop) and we found the Kings Cross area good in terms of cheap places to eat and it wasn't too far to get anywhere in the city.The room was fairly basic but comfortable. The bathroom sometimes got a bit messy because the shower is on the same level as the toilet (if you know what I mean). Also - we had a few problems with water pressure (especially the cold water!). The breakfast was good - although you need to get there before closing time (they take the food away as soon as it hits closing time).I would recommend this hotel to others who are budget-focused.	
Sep 2 2004	Recommendable with reasonable rates	Me and my girlfriend stayed in London for a week end of august 2004. Due to previous bad accomodation experiences in this very expensive city we didn't expect too much in advance but - surprise! The Crestfield Hotel is located very close to King's Cross tube (about 1 min walk) and if you know London, King's Cross means buses all night and quick train and tube access to every central destination. But aside from getting around - the hotel has friendly staff although they tend to be a little stressed during breakfast. Oh, the breakfast: continental means 5 slides of toast, a cereals selection, juice, small packages od marmelade and butter and tea or coffee. So don't expect a wide range but you'll have enough to start the day. The room we had was yellow-painted twin en-suite and small with a bathroom almost as big as the bedroom. I think the hotel must have been refurbished a few years ago so the rooms were quite clean, especially the bathroom. The beds had spring mattresses which were a little uncomfortable (if you're used to a deluxe latex foam one :-) but were, as the sheets, quite clean and not smelly. As our room faced the backyard it was pretty quiet (for that location) except some kind of air conditioner machine in the opposite building, but it was silent enough to fall asleep. I can't say anything about staying in this place during hot summer months or winter but we didn't need any heating and could open the window so we felt comfortable. I chose this B&amp;B due to research on the tripadvisor website and thanks to them we had a pleasant stay.	
Aug 18 2004	Very very pleased	I stayed in Crestfield Hotel in April 2004 with my girlfriend. We were both very pleased with this hotel, I much more than she, because this was mit 10th visit to London and I stayed in much more expensive and worse hotels already. Crestfield Hotel ist absolutly affordable for a city hotel - I am just 18, my g/f 17 years old - superb service, clean rooms, 24f reception and is situated in a quiete small street, really just 45 secons (!) of walking till the Tube Station King Cross.Will stay in this hotel in a few weeks again, but alone, it's a pity. My g/f has no time to come. Anyway, Crestfield Hotel - i will visit you more than once again.	
Aug 2 2004	Great hotel - fantastic value!	Great hotel. This hotel has to be one of the best budget hotels in London. We stayed for 2 nights in July 2004 in a double room with shared facilities. The room was clean and the shared facilities were just outside our door. The hotel staff were friendly and the breakfast was good - cereals, toast, tinned fruit, fruit juice and tea/coffee.It was about a minute walk to Kings Cross Station and had a 24 hour reception. We will definately be staying there again.The only problem we had was our room was in the basement and so because it was 30 degrees outside, the room was rather hot, because although there was a window, you couldn't get a through-draft. Also, for UK customers, if you are booking online beware of using a switch card, as their online reservation form doesn't have space for an issue number, so if they can't contact you to get the issue number, they will cancel your reservation and you'll have to book again.	
Jul 26 2004	Great Hotel We would stay here again !!	This is a Great hotel. My husband and I stayed 3 nights from the 21st to 24th July. Had a Double Ensuite room, it was very clean, an smelled good. The tube station is a half of a block away. Also the front desk, breakfast and bar staff, are very helpful. (Including little Jack)I would recomemmed this hotel to everyone, who wants to be close to the sights and pay for a clean nice room.	
Jul 23 2004	Highly recommended - convenient friendly	We stayed at the Crestfield for 5 days in mid-June 2004. We are a family with two girls 4 and 8 and we had a family room on an upper floor of the hotel. The room was compact by US standards but clean with a TV and an ensuite bathroom. The bathroom was very small, with the shower contiguous with the rest of the bathroom, separated by the shower curtain. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. THe hotel's best feature is its bar and garden area which is delightful. The bar is open 24 hrs. The breakfast room is large and immaculate. The breakfast is continetal with a nice array of cereals, juices and fruit and freshly-made toast, but no eggs or other hot items. The location is very convenient for King's Cross and St. Pancras stations and is close to the British Library. You can walk to the British Museum and Oxford St. quite easily and there is a small park nearby which the kids liked. There is no phone in the room. The staff let us use their computer to access the internet. There is a Starbucks nearby with a hotspot and several internet cafes not too far away. We had a very pleasant stay and found the hotel to be an excellent value compared to others in the area. Highly recommended.	
Jun 23 2004	A Pleasant Stay!!!	I stayed at the Crestfield Hotel for 9 nights from June 9 with my mother. The location was great and the hotel clean and the staff friendly &amp; helpful. The rooms were very small, but for that price I could not complain. Breakfast was included and consisted of cereals, some fruit cocktail and toast &amp; beverages. Simple but adequate! My mom had problems scaling the stairs up to the 3rd floor as she had bad knees(no elevator) but otherwise there were no problems. I will definitely stay there again!	
May 25 2004	Excellent value for money	My son booked me in for 4 nights last May. The room was small but very clean and comfortable. The staff carried my heavy bags up the 3 narrow flights of stairs and wouldn't take a tip. (A pleasant change after 2 weeks in the US where every surly SOB expects to be rewarded for it.) The young couple who seemed to run the Crestfield were really great and the location is spot-on.	
Apr 27 2004	Good location	The best thing about the Crestfield is its location - literally a 20 second walk and you are at King's Cross station. The room I had was small (and I found the double-bed to be on the small side as well, and it was only me using it) and the bathroom was tiny, but the room was clean. And that is the most important aspect of all. Breakfast was OK, and the staff I met were all friendly. I like the 24 hour reception service as well. Overall it is good value for money, and not at all the kind of hotel you see on those &quot;horror hotel&quot; documentaries ! I had not been to the King's Cross area for a while, and I was pleasantly suprised to see that alot of rennovation and urban regeneration has occurred in the area. Just behind the hotel is a very posh housing area, with clean streets and CCTV cameras everywhere. King's Cross used to have a very poor image - but even that is slowly changing. So, I do recommend this hotel to you if you want a clean, simple base in an excellent location in London.	
Apr 26 2004	good standard - nice breakfast!	I just stayed three days at Crestfield Hotel with my boyfriend and would like to reommend it to other people if they want a good affordable hotel. Although our (small!) doubleroom with bathroom unluckily was located in the basement :-( with a tiny window, it was clean and well furnished. The breakfast was perfect: cerials, toast with jam, fruit- juice and salad. The staff was also friendly. It was no problem reserving through the internet. If you want a cheap room with a bathroom (shower) its perfect.	
Apr 22 2004	Very pleased	We had been on a trip to London 9 years ago and we did not have high expectations of the standard of accomadation in London! But this hotel more than surprised us. The rooms were very comfortable and pleasant, even by US standards. The staff at reception and in the dining room were extremely helpful and friendly. If you are looking for a clean, pleasant and affordable stay, right in the center of London, stay here.Scott.	
Mar 27 2004	clean good location great bargin!	I stayed at the hotel from March 16th to March 22nd with a friend while visiting London. The room was clean, staff was very friendly, the free breakfast was filling and good. We were about 2 blocks away from King's Cross tube station, 4 blocks from the police station, and 1 block from McDonald's! When I return to London, I will stay at Crestfield and have recommended it to others.	
Mar 11 2004	Incompetence	I booked a room for the Crestifeld two months ago. Upon calling today to confirm the reservation I was told no such reservation existed, and that my original reservation made with 'Sylvia' (a confirmed employee) would not be honored.Book here only if you like a little last minute stress before your vacation while you scramble maddingly to find a new hotel.	
Feb 19 2004	would stay there again		
Feb 11 2004	Not worth it		
Jan 5 2004	Great location very friendly staff!		
Dec 3 2003	Great Value Clean Excellent Location!		
Nov 21 2003	Nice clean and cheap		
Aug 25 2003	Clean and Nicely located!		
Oct 24 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Oct 23 2009 	+Bien conectado/-Desayuno basico		
Oct 15 2009 	Muy bien situado y muy buena relación calidad/precio		
Sep 23 2009 	Ottima posizione buona pulizia il resto....		
Aug 30 2009 	Merece la pena		
Aug 26 2009 	Ottima posizione hotel nella media		
Aug 18 2009 	Piccolo ma pulito e centralissimo		
Jul 10 2009 	Buena ubicación		
Jun 25 2009 	bien placé mais "limite"		
Jun 7 2009 	Relativ günstig und sauber jedoch mit Mängeln.		
Apr 9 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix bien situé		
Mar 17 2009 	Hôtel quelconque		
Mar 15 2009 	room 44A		
Mar 6 2009 	Senza pretese ma pulito e in ottima posizione		
Feb 23 2009 	Tranquilite		
Feb 23 2009 	Hotel Correct +++		
Feb 22 2009 	Bien situé chambres petites		
Jan 1 2009 	Gute Unterkunft für Freundesgruppen		
Dec 30 2008 	Un viaje genial y muy buena calidad precio del hotel		
Nov 25 2008 	in linea con gli hotel di questo tipo a londra		
Oct 24 2008 	Ottimo hotel vicino Kings Cross		
Oct 15 2008 	Buena localización pero hotel mediocre...		
Sep 29 2008 	Regular pero barato		
Aug 28 2008 	Bien situado		
Aug 1 2008 	...chi si accontenta...gode!		
Jun 19 2008 	Una habitación infame		
Jun 8 2008 	Hôtel Crestfield : un bon raport qualité/prix		
Apr 18 2008	Rien à redire		
Apr 2 2008 	Io non me la sento di consigliarlo...		
Mar 11 2008 	Ottima posizione		
Feb 5 2008 	Hotel senza pretese!		
Jul 16 2006	Buena localización hotel mediocre		
