	Warning this hotel overbooks rooms	This hotel over books rooms and tries to relocate you to hotels several miles away, in my case 13 miles away in the middle of nowhere.	
Nov 25 2009 	Perfectly and descreetly situated just off the hustle an bustle of Oxford Street.	I visited The Berkshire last week and would concur it is a cut above. Price wise its what you expect from a 4 star hotel and it ticks all the boxes in terms of location, room size, bar and restaurant. It doesn't have leisure facilities, but why would you want any when you have hyde park a stones throw away. Good hotel and will definately go back	
Nov 23 2009 	Better than most London Hotels at a decent rate	I travel to London a few times a year and rarely stay at the same hotel as I am frequently dissapointed. Generally London hotels have one star too much when compared to same star level in most other countries unless your budget allows you to stay at the absolute best, which again are completely overpriced compared to the best hotels in most other countries. Recently I stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Berkshire Hotel and I will most likely stay here again next time I am in London. It is centrally situated and has a fairly decent standard. I made sure to book a room with a King Size bed to make sure I did not get too small a room. The staff was also very helpfull.	
Nov 15 2009 	My no. 1 choice everythime I'll travel to London	Excellent location, friendly yet professional service from all staff.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Clean well appointed hotel, room on small side but nicely furnished. Free wifi was a bonus. Only one elevator in working order over 3 day stay was disappointing but otherwise would certainly stay here again.	
Oct 22 2009 	The room may be a little small but as the location is convenient and service is superb it is recommended.	Located right off Oxford street, this is a convenient stay if you are doing business in the centre of London. Rooms are a little small, but appart from a lift that was not working, service was superb and staff were friendly.	
Oct 20 2009 	Go if under 120 pounds shop around if at 150.	It is a Radisson, so I will not spend too much time describing how good it is. It delivers on the quality you can expect from this chain. Also necessary to consider that standard room does not give you any serious thrills. Serious minus that my room had was the noise from the Oxford street which start early and finishes late. A shut window doesn't help and the horns of cars can be heard very clearly. Our windows were on the same side as the entrabce (not towards Oxford street, but on the side street) and we were on first floor, so you probably can ask for something quiter. My experince with the area is that at 150 you can find a better option (check out my Mandeville hotel review). At 120 Radisson becomes a very good choice.	
Oct 6 2009 	Fantastic location great service	I flew all night from Bahrain to London and showered at the BA arrivals lounge because I didn't think I would be allowed to occupy my room. Imagine my surprise when I checked in at 9 a.m. and was told I could go right to my room if I wanted! the room was big, had windows that opened, and was more than ample for my needs. I did have difficulty locating an electrical outlet so I could charge my laptop and cell phone, but only a minor inconvenience. The hotel is right across the street from the Bond Street Station on the Central line of the Underground. Despite the busy neighborhood, I still had a peaceful night's sleep. I have stayed here before on business and consider this a fantastic location and appreciate the amenities it affords me. Will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 5 2009 	Just Perfect	Though we arrived early, we were immediately allowed to occupy the room. The receptionist and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Even a welcoming phone message was left should we needed any help. The free wireless internet was available for immediate use. As for the location, it can't be any better, right on Oxford Street , next to Debenhams, yet, not noisy at all. Unlike similar star-rated hotels in London, the room was spacious and comfortable. The hotel lounge was bright and comfortable, too. We simply loved this Hotel, it is just perfect.	
Sep 23 2009 	Fantastic customer service	The service was so amazing during my recent stay at the hotel - the staff were so friendly and accomodating and it was a refreshing change for a hotel in London! The location was perfect - right opposite bond street tube and 5 mins walk to oxford circus.Rooms were very pleasant, good quality furnishings, good shower, comfy beds - the only thing I would add is that freeview channels would be a good thing to add to the tv facility. Food was a really good standard - i had the steak sandwich (would highly recommend) as room service and the breakfast the following mornig was fantastic. The waitres with the red curly hair was in particular so nice and helpful and was constantly scanning the room to see the next guest she could help.All in all - a great hotel!	
Sep 23 2009 	I really enjoyed the quality of service I did receive during my stay	High quality of serviceFlexibility Availiability to all my requirements	
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent location Friendly 	I was very impressed by the Berkshire - amazing location on Oxford Street, close to Bond Street station - very easy place to be based to get around London. Staff were exceptionally helpful, friendly and professional and made my stay at this hotel very enjoyable. The staff were very knowledgeable and made great recommendations for my leisure time. Hotel nicely furnished, very clean &amp; accommodating.Highly recommend this hotel because of it's great location and staff.	
Sep 10 2009 	Yet another great stay at this hotel	This is one of my favourit hotels. Great service, good food, nice rooms and the location could not be better. I have stayd here several timeas and will do it again.	
Aug 11 2009	Excellent Service Value for Money and Central Location	We arrived early for our stay and the staff could not be friendlier. They had our room ready, which enabled us to have access to our room immediately. The booking in process was efficient.The location of the hotel, on Oxford Street is a real bonus as we were able to do some shopping and return to the hotel periodically for a rest and an excellent cup of coffee. We also visited a local restaurant just off Oxford Street for an evening meal.We stayed in a twin room on the eighth floor, which was quiet. The room was pleasantly decorated with plenty of space, TV, tea/coffee-making facilities. The hotel was extremely clean throughout.. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will definitely stay again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Perfect location but not quite as good as other Radissons	I stayed here with my mum from 22nd to 24th June this year, for our first trip to Wimbledon on 23rd. We chose the hotel as we had loved the two Radissons we had stayed in previously (Mountbatten &amp; Hampshire), and the location was perfect for our shopping plans on the other two days of our trip. I wasn't too happy with the price of £295 per night, as booked through the Radisson website, but as I have a long term health problem, I couldn't take advantage of the early booker 20% off rate as I may have needed to cancel. However, upon arrival we were upgraded to a better room. The room itself was adequately proportioned, with a neat bathroom and small sitting alcove. It had all mod cons, including a Bang &amp; Olufson TV. Everything was very clean, and the staff had clearly adhered to our request for no cleaning fluids to be used due to allergies. But the major selling point had to be the bed - SOOOO comfortable! I don't tend to sleep well away from home but this bed really helped me to sleep. The main thing we love about Radissons is the cooked English breakfast. Since our last visit, this had changed from waiter to buffet service, but the food was still the same outstanding quality, and it worked out better as we could take more of what we wanted and miss out what we didn't. We had mixed feelings about our one evening meal. My burger and chips was absoloutely delicious, but my mum's lamb was quite tough.The staff at this hotel were all lovely and helpful. Whilst the location was perfect for shopping, it did make it hard to relax being on a main shopping street, and Boots was lit up bright red outside our room at night! Also not keen on the restaurant being upstairs and no lobby area to relax in.Overall, the rooms, service, staff and food lived up to our previous Radissson experiences, but the layout and lack of the large lobby decked out with sofas found in other Radissons left it slightly trailing its sister hotels.	
Aug 4 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE!!	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, apart from it's the great location on Oxford Street; the Hotel has NOTHING going for it!! BE WARNED.... AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS!!I booked a birthday weekend in London for my partner, and intended to make the most of our weekend in London. (End of July 2009)To cut a VERY long story short, we arrived and were turned away from the hotel, 4 different times, before finally being allowed to 'Check-In' to our room at 5pm! The website clearly states you can have your room from 2pm, but the rude lobby staff kept giving the same excuse 'Housekeeping are busy at weekends'.As i told them, it’s not the guest’s problem; if you are aware you’re understaffed at weekends, employ more housekeepers? I paid £150 per night, for a room i wasn’t allowed until 5pm, on my partners birthday, we had arrange to meet some close family and friends for a birthday dinner and drinks before going to see a show. The weekend was completely ruined, we could not meet our family and friends for drinks and dinner, as by the time we were both ready, we had to go straight to the show.I found the attitude of every member of staff disgusting! I stay in hotels around the world due to the nature of my job, and can say, even Travelodge have better customer care and customer service skills than the Radisson Edwardian Berkshire.I normally LOVE Radisson hotels, and have yet to find a bad one, until now.. The Berkshire...Like other reviews mentions:The rooms are standard, nothing great. Small in size, and the rooms and carpets are all getting a bit grubby. No complimentary products in the bathroom (shower cap etc), which is also tiny, so tiny it’s just a toilet, shower and sink.The hotel’s restaurant food was average. As for any kind of atmosphere in the restaurant, bar area, forget it. It’s like the entrance of a funeral parlour.I recommend searching alternative accommodation in central London if planning a visit.Would i stay again? ...... Never!	
Aug 4 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	I booked a night in this hotel last weekend via lastminute.com and got a good rate. Upon arrival at the hotel I was greeted by a very attentive and polite receptionist. The service in that regard can't be faulted. As other's have pointed out in their reviews, the rooms in this hotel are small so if you're of a fuller figure then you may wish to look elsewhere as the shower in particular can be a bit of a squeeze. With that said, my room was immaculate and in great condition. It was beautifully furnished and had a range of facilities including a safe, iron and ironing board, mini bar and complimentary toiletries.The location of this hotel is great and, whilst it's small, for the price I paid (£68 per night) I think it would be unreasonable to expect grandeur and space in such a prime location. An excellent place to stay if you're in London for a spot of serious shopping. Despite the prime location, I also found that noise was not a problem and I had a very restful night's sleep (much needed too!)My only complaints about this hotel would be the cost of breakfast (£17 GBP), the price of items from the minibar (£2.25 for a Kitkat!) and the lack of decent channels on the television.	
Aug 1 2009 	Small but adequate	A good, well run hotel.The rooms are small, really small. If you have ever worked offshore you will know what I mean.Location is excellent, and that was the the whole purpose of staying at this hotel, so unless you are a 25 stone obese the small rooms are acceptable.The breakfast is well presented and of good quality. The staff are freindly and helpful.If I was to offer advise to the management of the hotel, I would say to them that the check-in area is to dark and sombre. It's such a small area that it should be brightened up to give the new arrival a better welcome.That being said, it's a fine hotel and I would recommend it.	
Jul 31 2009 	Not worth the money	Last week (23/24 July) we went to London and stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Berkshire Oxford Street hotel. We had a reasonable rate from the internet and reports on Tripadvisor were very good. As it was a 4+* hotel we were excited about staying there.Check-in went smoothly and the lady on reception was very nice. She offered us the choice of two rooms (one at the front or one at the back of the hotel) and we decided to go with room 721 at the front of the hotel.The hotel has two lifts - each carrying a maximum of four people. Yes, that's right, only FOUR people in each lift! They are sooooo very tiny and old and rickety. They have been modernised in that you use your room key card to operate the lift, but they are still incredibly slow and old. My fiancé is 6' 7&quot; and his head touched the ceiling – thank goodness the lift didn't stop suddenly else he'd have had a very sore head! When the lifts did stop there was quite a large step up from the lift to the floor outside which was awkward, especially with suitcases.When we got to the room we were quite impressed. It was very large with three windows and view looking down Oxford Street – you couldn't have got closer to the shops if you'd have tried! We had a double bed as requested (very comfortable) and for some reason a blow-up single bed in the corner too.Upon closer inspection, however, we started to feel very disappointed and I'm afraid to say that the report from here isn't that good.We couldn't find any drawers in the room anywhere, with one exception which was in the wardrobe and had the kettle and tea and coffee making facilities in it – no room for anything else. As a girlie I like to put my undies in a drawer but had to make do with the shelf in the wardrobe; my other half just left his in the suitcase.The bathroom was quite large and adequate for what we needed. There were no little bottles of shower gel/shampoo etc, but there were large pump action bottles provided in the shower and by the basin which were very nice (Gilchrist &amp; Soames). The shower was quite powerful, however, the water kept going hot and cold which was quite unpleasant. There was an extractor fan in the ceiling but it didn't work so you had to leave the bathroom door open, and even then the room still got very very steamy.Towelling robes were provided free which were lovely, but in the room 'handbook' it says you will be charged £95 if you take one home with you, so be warned!Having spent 10 minutes hunting for the hairdryer we found it in the wardrobe of all places – where everything else seemed to be; the kettle, tea/coffee, safe, mini bar, suitcase stand, iron and ironing board, trouser press, mirror. In fact, not much room for any clothes!Having to use the hairdryer in the wardrobe was an interesting experience to say the least! Who wants to dry their hair in a hot, tiny cupboard getting hairs all over their newly pressed clothes??! What a bizarre set up! Using my hair straighteners was very awkward too. There was a sort of dressing table against one wall in the bedroom but there wasn't a mirror above it, nor any plug sockets nearby. There was a plug socket right next to the entrance door to the bedroom which was no use whatsoever. The only other sockets were in a floor box under the table by the sofa (like the floor boxes you get at work!). So I had to go scrabbling about on my hands and knees to plug my straighteners in. Good job I'd brought a travel mirror with me as again there was no mirror nearby.The bedside lights weren't really by the bedside. They were actually spotlights in the ceiling above each side of the bed which were incredibly bright and blinding. The switches were too far away from the bed when you were lying there and you had to lean right over to turn them off.One thing which we cannot fault is the location of the hotel. It is in the heart of Oxford Street, about 10 steps from Debenhams. Selfridges is just down the road and Bond Street tube is close by too.Breakfast the first morning was disappointing. We arrived at about 9.00am and were shown to a table. The lady said that breakfast wasn't included in our room rate – we challenged this so she went off to check with reception. After we'd ordered our tea and toast she came back and confirmed that indeed breakfast wasn't included and we would be charged - £17 EACH!!! Seeing as it was so expensive we decided to get our money's worth and piled our plates high! The quality of the food was good; however, the temperature was cold. It was a buffet style and the spoons used to serve were very hot and I had to use a napkin to hold them. But between the time it takes to fill your plate and then get back to your table, the food had gone cold, so the food couldn't have been that hot in the first place. The selection was good with all the usual – bacon, sausage, beans, croissants, juices, yoghurt etc etc.The second morning we didn't make that mistake again and went out for breakfast.We can't comment on the bar or restaurant as we didn't use them.Check-out was very slow. There were a few people in front of us so the guy at the concierge desk helped out. We checked our bill, as we always do, and found that when we booked the prices on their website for accommodation did not include VAT. The concierge asked if we'd had a good stay and we pointed out a few of the above items but decided to keep it brief else we'd have been there for a while!Overall we wouldn't say this was a 4 star hotel and were very disappointed.Would we stay there again? Only if we managed to get a good room rate, as the location is fantastic and can't be faulted.	
Jul 29 2009 	Nicest hotel I've ever stayed at.	Before even making my booking at this hotel I'd read through loads of reviews on TripAdvisor checking that everything would be OK. This hotel was by far the best from the hotels I had in mind, most of the reviews being positive. It was worrying therefore to find some of the latest reviews negative, involving the use of lifts etc. The lifts seemed to work fine, we managed to get 5 in our lift and it still went up and down! Although the gap to step up did get a little bigger. The man who entered the lift to make 5 wasn't exactly the lightest person to say the least!We booked a basic room with breakfast for an excellent rate, as it was my girlfriends birthday the manager generously upgraded our room, making our rate even more excellent. The room we stayed in was a King Deluxe Suite I think, or something of a similar name. The service was good, I was given a free drink from the bar due a small delay and the staff offered to carry our bags up to the room.The rooms cleanliness was of an outstanding quality, however after finding a sandal under the bed upon leaving it did put doubts in our mind how much they actually cleaned! But it seemed like they did a pretty good job. Our room came with two tables, a king size bed, a couch, large CRT Television which was a good brand, forget now, but the sound was excellent, got the general coffee and tea making facilities also an iron, safe, mini bar etc, I could go on! The mini bar was one of those ones that have scales in, so after hearing from my girlfriend while we were at the theatre that she'd picked up a can of lemonade to inspect the ingredients I was rather worried, luckily one can view the updated version of the bill on the tv! No charge was made! Phew! Also, another thing to mention, if you're traveling alone there is a built in chain on the door, it's rather stylish, but very easy to use and literally works with the flick of a switch!!The bathroom was all marble, even the walls and the shower was powerful. Got soap and shampoo included in the room, it seemed to make my hair nice and soft, softer than it usually is! The bathroom could have done with a bit more of a scrub in between the slabs of marble, other than that it couldn't really be faulted! The breakfast was also good, quite expensive if you don't book it with your room rate at £17 per person, is it worth it? I wouldn't say it was worth it, but hotels are over priced so a price around that ball park figure was to be expected. We got the breakfast included so we didn't pay the full price, it was definitely worth the little extra we paid. It was a full english breakfast with options such as porridge, pancakes, croissants, cereals etc... basically everything you would want with some extra options for an extra charge, no thanks!Overall the service was outstanding, I never actually met the manager (not to my knowledge), but he seemed to be a nice fellow and the staff seemed well trained!A 2 course meal was available in the restaurant for £15 which I thought was a very reasonable deal, especially since it was a restaurant, in-fact any restaurant that'd be a good deal, you can even pre-book online, I was tempted, but being students we don't like anything other than burgers and chips, and they weren't on the menu!!Anyway, yeah would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to london, excellent location, we walked from the hotel to the prince of wales theatre, easy 10-15 minute walk. London was very busy though, obviously because of the summer holidays! Went to the wax works too, well worth the wait! I'm glad the hotel entrance is not actually on Oxford street otherwise you'd be pushing your way past people just to get in and out! Tube also very convenient just across the road, great for getting there from St Pancras!	
Jul 20 2009 	recommendable	A nice not to big hotel..the situation is perfect..only a few steps away from the bond street underground station..near to piccadilly circus near to the hyde park.. for my next london trip , for sure i would stay there again.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Location	We only had one night here but it was great. We were going to a party just off Bond St so I was looking for a nice hotel as close as possible. This could not have been better.It was a five minute walk to the party venue and was right in the middle of the shopping area in Oxford St. The room was lovely with a very nice large bed. Nice bathroom with big bath. Great sound proofing so no noise from the street.Very friendly helpful staff. We needed directions to the party venue and the man on the front desk googled and printed us out a map. Very efficient.Fantastic english breakfast included in the room rate.Expensive for us Kiwis with the NZ dollar but well worth the splurge.	
Jul 15 2009 	THE BEST HOTEL ON OXFORD STREET!!	we stayed at the berkshire for 10 nights and this was our best experience , we had stayed at the cumberland and thistle both ,location wise all three are the same but what makes berkshire stand out is its 5 star service and the rooms they are bigger than both the other hotels and are more newly renovated , mr paul kennedy the hotel manager is very good at his job the hotel is running at 100 percent occupancy and during this time no manager bothers with the guest request as they are so busy but mr paul made sure that our any request should not go unanswered .if you are looking at spending a nice holiday in central london and want to stay right on oxford street there is no better choice than this hotel its number one hotel .	
Jul 14 2009 	Great hotel and brilliant location would defiantly stay again!!	I went to London for a weekend of shopping and going out. I booked this hotel as I noticed it was a really central location. I was not disappointed when I turned up. My room overlooked Oxford Street so the location was perfect.The rooms are a really good size nicely decorated and with a very comfy bed. The staff were all very friendly. They were more than happy to advise on place to eat and go out and sorted out a taxi for me and a friend for the night.I would really recommend this hotel!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Wont stay again. small pokey room . look for better value for your money	Stayed there the other night with my girlfriend and her 2 sisters. had 2 rooms booked. A double for us and a twin. Got to reservation they only had 2 rooms left both double. Whats the point in making a reservation and paying extra for twin room. Kept saying were fully booked. I had booked 3 months ago.Lifts are dangerous. there is a 6 inch step when you get off the lift as it does not come flush with Floor and its a very squashed lift at that.The room is cluttered . can barely walk between bed and stupid table and chair that the room is too small for. If they had an lcd instead of old tv it would look less cluttered. Breakfast was ok and some of staff friendly although i was overall dissapointed . I spent nearly 400 pounds for 4 of us to stay here but in hind sight its only worth less than half of that. Location is good for shopping but i wont stay again	
Jul 9 2009 	Wouldn't stay again	Disappointing hotel, lifts constantly out of order (when working, restricted to 3 persons instead of the allocated 4, a little worrying in itself!!!), no remote control for TV, no Rose wine in Bar &amp; room very basic &amp; bland. Also no electric socket anywhere near a mirror for using hair-straightners	
Jul 8 2009 	great location	great location on Oxford st., big rooms, friendly staff, free internet and of course reasonable price.	
Jul 7 2009 	Good Location shame about the room	The hotel is situated in a good location being just across the road from Bond Street tube station and about a 10 minute walk from Oxford Circus station. Check in time at the hotel is 2pm, we got there for 215 and tried to check in- we were told we would be having a twin room as booked but our room wouldnt be ready for another hour and a half! Leaving the bags we went for a wander. When we got back to the hotel our room was ready only when we got to the room it turned out to be a double - I was with a friend so this wasn't convenient. I telephoned reception to explain that we had been given the wrong room and was told they would call us back as soon as possible. An hour later we still hadn't heard anything so rang them again to be told that there where no twin rooms available and we would have to stay put but another bed could be put in the room (it was small enough to start with), nearly another hour later a member of staff came with an air bed - rather poor service that we had to wait for 2 hours for something to be sorted when we wanted to go back out. We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and on the 2nd day a member of staff visited our room around 3.30pm to say they could move us - a bit late in the day when we were just leaving to go to a concert and wouldnt get back until late - unfortunately we didnt have the time to move!Breakfast in the hotel was a buffet with a good choice of food available. I would return back to the hotel but only if they sorted the rooms out first - very poor that it took so long to sort the situation out.	
Jun 27 2009 	A pleasant stay	Extremely well located on Oxford Street near Bond Street tube. Room was nicely appointed with a very comfortable bed. We had breakfast included and the buffet breakfast was very good indeed, especially the scrambled egg. I appreciated the complimentary wi-fi.The only down point that stops me giving the hotel 5/5 was that the room was a little bit dusty in places and there was a quite a strong smell of mildew in the bathroom, however this went away after we used the shower.Given the location and level of service/accomodation, the deal we got was very good value and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Location 	Check in was quick and hassle free.We prepaid GBP 140 per night (no breakfast) but I think we may have got an upgraded room as it had a couch and was a bit more spacious.Rooms were spotless, nicely furnished (nice tv). Bathroom was more than adequate.This was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in.Oh, and location is perfect too, for shopping along Oxford street, and only a few minutes from Soho or Covent Garden for plenty of nightlife.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.When we were checking out there was some hassle (a couple of drama queens whinging and going nuts about having to bring luggage from their rooms themselves). The staff handled themselves extremely well in the face of completely undeserved abuse from those 2 guests.	
Jun 18 2009 	Best location in London -- but reasonable	I get to London from Canada about once a year. I always stay at the Radisson, 350 Oxford St. It is a block or two away from Selfridges, within walking distance of many theatres and surrounded by reasonable restaurants. As you know, when you are traveling, it is all about location. But the service and amenities are good too.L.C.	
Jun 11 2009	Excellent Hotel staff location	I dont often write reviews, but I feel that I have to say a huge thank you to the staff at the Raddison Berkshire London, I had taken my staff to London as a reward for hard work during the last finacial year, I wanted a quality hotel, in an exceptional location close to the shopping, west end, and generally central, as my party is of a mixed age and requirements: The Berkshire exceeded all expectations, Central, just off New bond street and Oxford street, the rooms were modern clean and very comfortable, the breakfast was exceptional, and the staff were extremely helpful polite, and Fun: 10 out of 10 for this very pleasant hotel and also not too expensisve : well done all:	
Jun 9 2009 	Clean great location friendly staff	We just returned from this nice hotel on Oxford Street. The location was great for shopping and right next to Bond Metro (Tube) Station. We walked to Soho, a nice area for restaurants and pubs. We had breakfast included and it was pretty good (some smoked salmon and more vegetables would have been nice).	
May 24 2009 	cleanfriendly and location excellent. Five stars all the way	We stayed two nights for my 40th birthday, staff were helpful and friendly. Given the location in Oxford street, the hotel was very well priced( including breakfast). Rooms were clean and tidy and ascots restaurant was also first class. we will definately be booking another trip in the near furture. Will be recommending this hotel to all our friends and family.	
May 11 2009 	lovely hotel excellent location	Great location, very friendly staff, comfortable room and good breakfast. Booked via Bookings which included breakfast - good value. Just in front Bond Tube Station and lot of buses . Good for shopping!	
May 8 2009 	Experience was excellent.	Service, food, room, location and common areas combined to create good value.	
May 7 2009 	Great Hotel in Great Location	My wife and I recently had a one-night stay at this hotel, with a view to a West End show and see the London Marathon. I have had previously bad experiences with west end hotels were the reception is all glitz but the rooms are Dickensian. This hotel is definitely not like that at all. In fact the reception area is quite small and understated but everything else about the hotel is first class. First the location: on the north side of Oxford St and right opposite Bond St station and only minutes walk away from Oxford St and Regent St shopping. Piccadilly Circus (for theatreland) is two stops away on the Tube. There is a 2pm check-in which is great if you only have one day and want to make as much use of it as possible. Actually we arrived at around 2.40pm and our standard room was not ready so we were given a free upgrade (we didn't have to ask). Great start!The room was beautifully presented, spotless and spacious. The bathroom was modern and had classy amenities.The ground floor bar was quiet and relaxing for cocktails at the end of the evening. Breakfast was buffet style and definitely above average. Checkout was easy and painless.All of the staff we had contact with were pleasant and helpful and treated us like valued guests.We will definitely stay here again when next in London.	
May 3 2009 	very comfortable night's stay	Great location, very friendly staff, comfortable room and excellent breakfast. Booked via Yeego which included breakfast - good value. Free wifi.	
Apr 27 2009 	Highly recommended	My husband and I stayed here at the weekend for a leisure break in London. The Location could not be better, right on Oxford street, oppsite Bond street tube, we were able to walk to all the shops, sites and restaurants. The hotel is very stylish and comfortable, the rooms are fairly small but have everything you would need and are very comfortable, the only small problems were that the window didnt stay open so you couldnt get any fresh air in the room so despite the air conditioning it was a little warm and stuffy but if it had been open it probably would have been rather noisy as we overlooked the main road but for me it was worth it to be in such a great spot. The breakfast was buffet style, I ordered the eggs benidict for which i payed a supplement. I had to wait a long time for it and it was nothing special, with hindsight i should have just had the buffet breakfast which my husband thoroughly enjoyed. The service was excellent and the staff were very pleasant.I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a hotel in the heart of london with access to all of the sites.	
Apr 27 2009 	lovely hotel excellent location	excellent location for shopping, two minute walk from bond st tube. very nice clean room, friendly staff. will definitely stay again.	
Apr 26 2009 	Almost Perfect	My stay with Radisson Edwardian Berkshire, was more than excellent overall. The Location was prime, and the hotel staff were great professionals. The Privacy I felt during my stay, made my stay enjoyable, while still in the middle of all the attractions and just a walk away from major centrepoint areas. The only draw back during my stay was the WIFI connection. Although it comes for free with the room, the signal was low, and cuts off at times. Other than that, I recommend this hotel to everyone, and I will defenitely stay there again.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great Location for a City Break	Stayed over for a night while meeting with some friends.Right on Oxford street which is great for shopping, resturants, bars and night clubs.Breakfast was good with friendly service.	
Apr 19 2009 	Perfect	It was a mother and daughter (20 years old) vacation. Leisure , shopping and fun. The Hotel is located in a perfect location, we had a deluxe double bed room, so it was big and comfortable. The service was outstanding. To conclude, it is a highly recommended hotel.	
Mar 19 2009 	Highly recommend would return again	Perfect location for shopping right on Oxford Street, short distance to theatre which is what we did. Had a fab nights sleep in the comfortable rooms, have a few rooms which are still smoking rooms which was good for half the group I travelled with. Breakfast the following monrning was brilliant, 1 of the best in London I've had in a long time.Lot's of people checking out the same time on the Sunday morning but, was extremly quick we'd also received a discount for the NCP car park behind the hotel which was an added bonus. Would return.	
Mar 8 2009 	shopping central	This hotel was perfectly based for those week end shopping trips with the social dining and culture together.The staff were multi lingual friendly and available eager to assist when needed.The communal areas have the feel of modern comfortable luxury living.The rooms are equally luxurious and comfortable with all the ammenities you would expect from such a standard I stayed here with girl friends and enjoyed a wonderful weekend in the capital the central location had a safe feel to it with direct access to tubes and bus routes to get to all locations.	
Mar 8 2009 	Perfect London base	Just off Oxford Street, the hotel is also a short walk away from the many lovely restarants in St Christopher's Place and James Road (which provide a touch of Paris in London).Also, as Bond Street is on the Jubilee Line, the hotel is a good base for travellers to Wembley and the O2 stadium.	
Mar 7 2009 	Location x 3	This hotel is located literally a stones throw from Oxford Street, perfect for high street shopping. We were also going to the london palladium, a walking distance of 7 mins away, we did take a cab due to high heels. Oxford Circus tube station is also only 5 mins walk from the hotel. The service in the bar was excellent. Our room wasn't ready on arrival due to a miscommunicated error but the hotel took our bags while we shopped. The room(3 of us sharing), cost about €300 which inc a buffet breakfast which was lovely and very filling. I'd definitely go back to this hotel, staff, rooms and location were perfect.	
Mar 5 2009 	brilliant location	brillian location - couldn't be better in fact!! rooms slightly on the small side but extremely comfortably, trendy and clean - will definitely stay there again.	
Mar 3 2009 	Excellent!!	Top location, In the centre of Oxford Street &amp; Bond St Tube Station a minutes walk away, Ideal for shopping and transport , and we proved you could easily walk to most locations, Bond Street, Regent Street, Piccadilly, Etc From check in the service was first class, the concierge was excellent and all staff through out our stay were friendly, helpful and very courteous, I honestly can't fault anything about our stay and would certainly come back to stay there again, a very pleasing hotel stay from myself and my wife	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent hotel is splendid location	We had a very enjoyable stay here. The staff were friendly and the room was excellent. There was free internet access which was a selling point for me because I needed to work during the afternoon.	
Jan 17 2009 	Good location some things fine but appalling treatment	I stayed in this hotel for 1 night on business. It is in a great location and the rooms were comfortable but a little on the small side and dated. The TV system is also very limited. It needs updating but was reasonable value.The buffet breakfast was fine and staff were very helpful and efficient..... until I left some property in the bedroom.Stupidly I forgot an important piece of medical equipment that I need to use every night. It really is vital to me. I left it in the room and didnt realise it was missing until I got home. Next day I called the hotel and they were very helpful. Housekeeping had found it and they would post it to me but I would have to pay the cost. I was delighted and immediately emailed them with my credit card details.Nothing happened. The item didnt arrive. I assumed that with the Chrismas post it must be delayed and was forced to get a replacement. . In January, 3 weeks after losing it, I got another email. The Hotel Manger considered that there was a risk of fraud here so they would not return the item unless I sent a fax with a scan of my credit card and a scan of my passport or other photo id. It had by now taken them 3 weeks to decide this and I don't have a fax machine.I called the hotel and pointed out that I was a customer, had stayed there, the property was found in my room, they had swiped my credit card while I was there and I lived in the UK at the address they would post the item to and that was the address on my registration. No dice. Without the fax the item wouldnt be posted back. I was clearly being treated as a suspected crook who was trying to defraud them in some way although how I could do this when they were charging my credit card for the cost of postage I cannot understand.Frankly after this I wouldn't send what is in effect a DIY identity fraud kit to this hotel. I don't trust them. This item is worth perhaps £100 but they can keep it. will never stay there again and Radission should be ashamed of this.My advice is clear. This hotel is OK and reasonable value ....... but don't stay there.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great Location	Have to agree with other reviewer's this is very well located if you want a base for shopping or have business locally, although I had read reviews I was still a little shocked at the small size of the room especially for the price and would be a problem of storage if you arrive with 2 suitcases. The room small, AC/heating noisy, hairdryer did not work but one was immediately brought up (it is my opinion when paying high price to stay in a quality hotel it should not be up to the guests to find out things don't work?), the bathroom was cold with no heating but liked the large shower done tiled like a turkish bath area but found the tiled/marbled seat very very cold because no heating. Tea/coffee hidden away in cupboard (no biccies) bit of a pain to use kettle to make a drink. Iron &amp; ironing board provided in room - nice touch. Food/breakfast ok. Staff friendly and welcoming. A tip for anyone going to this hotel for the first time it is located between Debenhams &amp; Mexx stores down the street, took me 40 mins to find it after I came out of Bond St underground as there are no signs, would not even contemplate driving to or parking around this hotel?	
Dec 22 2008 	Loved it!	Great location - In the heart of Oxford Street-Bond St Tube Station a minutes walk away - Ideal for shopping and transport links.The hotel , staff , rooms and service were first class and can't fault anything about our stay and would certainly come back to stay there again 5 Stars from me!	
Nov 25 2008 	Great location	We stayed at this hotel to go Christmas shopping. It is a great hotel right on Oxford St. which is perfect for shopping.We had two executive twin rooms. Good rooms and bathrooms with nice smellies.I would always stay here if I want to go shopping again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great location and tiny room	I stayed at Radisson Edwardian Berkshire Hotel in the end of October 2008 in connection with a short business trip to London. I booked the hotel in advance and paid 188 GBP. When I arrived, the check in was very fast and I was assigned to room 801 which was on the top floor When I first came into the room I found a small room but I was prepared for this based on the reviews that I have read in advance. But the room itself was quite nice and seemed very organized and tidy at first glance. On the floor there was a “rough” carpet and the walls were in light colours. I had a queen size bed, a small table and chair, a wardrobe and a centrepiece containing the Bang Olufsen TV on top of a minibar and safe. The furniture was in dark wood and it made quite a slick contrast to the carpet and the walls. The bed was not bad at all but I would have preferred a proper duvet as I was freezing all night long when I stayed there. I discovered that there was a tiny temperature controller by the door….but I only found that the next morning.The bathroom had dark tiles on the floor and light tiles on the walls. The bathroom furniture was quite modern so I think it must have been refurbished not too many years ago. There were not that many amenities by the way: dispensers with soap and lotion, shower cap and shampoo in the shower. The bathroom was quite cold as there were no heating in the floor so the big mirror fogged up after taking a shower. It was not that easy controlling the temperature of the water in the shower either and it felt like it varied every time someone used water in any of the other rooms. But the shower was great with a proper glass door to avoid water splashing.The location of the hotel is great. Once you step out of the door you are basically seconds away from Oxford street and right across the street was Bond underground station.The breakfast buffet was also very nice. There was a nice selection of egg, bacon, sausages etc. ConclusionRadisson Edwardian Berkshire Hotel was not bad at all. The location is excellent and the rooms are modern. The rooms are tiny but what more do you need if you are only there for a night ? As usual the internet was free and that is always a plus when you are on a business trip.	
Aug 9 2008 	Good location	Great location just on Oxford Street opposite Bond St tube station. 3 mins from Selfridges and grosvenor square.Problems were a/c didnt work the first night and as you cant open the windows due to the noise we didnt get to sleep. Also the fire bells went off twice for just enough time to get you dressed then went off.], at about 2-3 in the am. :(The rooms were small but well appointed and it really is a very good location, but you do need ear plugs. staff were helpful and shifted us for the second night, however concierge mentioned they get complaints that its too hot in summer and too cold in winter. With all that I'd stay again with decent ear plugs.	
Aug 4 2008	Great shopping location small rooms	This hotel has a great location on a side street of Oxford Street, next to Debenhams, and 30 seconds from Bond Street tube station. However, the hotel and rooms feel small and cramped, with a reception area smaller than my living room, tiny lifts and small rooms. My standard room contained a double bed and a small round glass table under the wall-mounted tv, and that is it - not even room for a chair, so if you need to use the computer (free wifi is available) you have to perch on the end of the bed. I liked having the free wifi though - nice touch as too often hotels charge for this. The rooms were fairly stylish and fairly recently refurbished, so no complaints there. It can be a bit noisy at night, though to be expected due to its location. Overall, I would recommend if you require a convenient location and not much else from the hotel.	
Jul 21 2008 	So so	This hotel is right on oxford street which makes for a great location. people seem to have problems with noise they think that will wake them up if they are facing oxford st but i was there 2 weeks ago and our room was right facing the street and when the windows are closed u hear nothing. Also at night the street is lyk a movie set it's completley bare so that's good.It's right next to all the good shops obviously and directly across from the tube station. Buses are also always there but getting a taxi on oxford st is nearly impossible. They avoid it unless they're customers wanna go there in which case they're fulll.Back to the hotel - at check in we moved rooms 3 times. Firstly i am from a family of five and we needed a room for 3 and a room for 2. We had specified a room for 3 but didn't find it in the first room as tehre was only one double bed. We didn't find it in the second room as tehre were 2 single beds so we had to go back to the first room, pull an extra duffle bed in and someone slept on the floor. That was dissapointing.The breakfast is nice - it has everything you need. Hot food and continental but the coffee is the worst thing in the world. Beware of the bar by the way that's on the ground floor next to reception - 4 pounds for a glass of water? i think not.	
Jul 16 2008 	great location decent accomodation	The Berkshire is one of few Radissons located quite centrally around Oxford Street, all quite close to each other. The location of this one is possibly the best, located practically on Oxford St., about a hundred meters from Bond Street station and a lot of excellent shopping locations. The lobby of the hotel is quite small, as was the room, which according to the receptionist was a deluxe room which we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to. I'm quite sure they didnt have any basic rooms left as I've heard of several stories where these Radissons have run out of rooms. anyway, I didnt mind the upgrade, the room was definately liveable and still certainly not the smallest in London.I was a bit worried about noise, so I was delighted to see a modern double window in our room which indirectly faced Oxford St. to my surprise though, the other of two windows was missing the additionalm thicker layer, meaning everything from the street was quite audible in the room. I'm not sure if the second window was broken or what, but it being the one next to the bed meant that earplugs came in handy.that was however the only complaint I have, otherwise I enjoyed the stay here and was more than happy with the location. well, only other thing I'd mention is the sliding glass door on the toilet, this fad many hotels seem to buy is just ridicilous. it benefits no one, really. the price I guess is what you need to pay in London, anything cheaper most of the time shows an obvious decline in quality as well,another option worth considering is the Radisson Sussex located behind Selfridges. perhaps a bit more spacious and slightly more slick.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great location room could use help	I just spent 3 nights at this hotel and was somewhat disappointed, but gradually grew to like it. The negatives: I booked the Business package on the website which includes internet and breakfast and is supposed to be a deluxe room. I requested a room away from Oxford Street that was quiet. They put me in 217 which is a low floor as I arrived at noon rather than their check-in time of 2 pm and it overlooked Oxford Street. It was noisy and emergency vehicles could be heard. There is no air conditioning, yet it was summer and quite warm, but they did bring a fan which helped. The furnishings - especially the mattress are tired and should be replaced. The decor could use a fake plant or something to soften it.The positives: Some of the staff were quite helpful. One evening, I brought back a curry from a farmer's market and the young man at the front desk kindly heated it up for me and served it in my room with dinnerware. The location is awesome! If you have limited time in London and want to get in quick shopping and the theatre this is so convenient.Will I go back? Hmmm - depends on if I can afford something nicer. I would have preferred a boutique hotel, but if I want to save money and have limited time I would consider staying there again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great location	In general, we enjoyed our 4 -nights stay at this hotel. The location could not be better for transportation and shopping. Rooms are small, but confortable and very clean.Be aware when booking through the hotel's web site: it does not offer the choice &quot;smoking or non-smoking room&quot;. You have to ask for a non-smoking room as a special written request. As we are used to other web sites, where the choice appears in the first place, we did not made the request. When we arrived to the hotel, late in the evening, the clerck told us that &quot;as you did not ask for a non-smoking room, I have to give you the only room left&quot; and it was a little smoking room on the first floor. We felt cheated. If we had noticed that detail....!! We think the web site is prepared that way to give the hotel more flexibility, but that is not fair to the clients. Next day we got a non smoking room, but no discount or breakfast free; nothing apart of the apology of the clerk.	
May 27 2008 	Rather disappointing...	Had a Sunday afternoon flight from Gatwick and decided to treat myself to a nice night out in London the evening before...booked my room at this hotel through Lastminute.com at a fairly hefty discount. If I'd paid the full rate, I'd have been fairly displeased with what I got, but even at the discounted price I'd have to say this place was nothing really special. The only things going for it were the superb location and the fact that I could smoke in my room - something I thought government Nazis had outlawed everywhere!. Aside from that, there was the empty shampoo packet left in the shower by a previous guest (something one doesn't expect in a 4 star hotel!)...the rather meagre tea and coffee supplies(if you want more than one container of milk in your hot drink, that's the only drink you'll get, because the hotel provides two containers of UHT milk and that's it!)...and the completely outrageous food prices (£20 including tray charge for a continental breakfast, whereas a hotel of a similiar standard that I stayed in recently offers a full hot buffet AND Continental breakfast for two pounds less). The list thoughtfully provided to give guests costs of items in the room in case they decided to make off with them was really the final straw - next time I'm in London, I'll spend half what I spent last weekend and stay in a hotel that really knows the meaning of customer service!	
May 11 2008 	Excellent location to Oxford Street but terrible check-in	Stayed at this hotel as part of a theatre break weekend. The hotel's entrance is situated just off Oxford Street, the ocation cannot be beaten for access to the shops! Check-in was terrible, our room was not ready when we arrived (1pmi-sh) and was told it would be ready at 2:30pm - went for some lunch, returned and still not ready - this continued for the next hour, each time I spoke to someone different and was told only 10 more minutes........1 hour later someone finally took onus of the situation and we were finally let into our room!!Rooms were nice, lovely decor, quite spacious and had a lovely bathroom - not much of a view though. We received a complimentary newspaper each day and the breakfast was self-service and delicious. The staff at breakfast time were very attentive but staff at reception seemed a little vacant at times. They also had very little knowledge of the local area.	
May 1 2008 	stolen	I stayed at this Hotel for 3 nights..early check-in was allowed without extra charge.. this was good~but when I check mini bar, there's some missing bottles..so I noticed to the front desk right away.. not to charge me.also house keeper took my cell phone charger away on last day. and my cell phone was running out of battery..( it was my business trip... )	
Mar 26 2008 	Perfect Hotel for Weekend Getaway	Great location and a great hotel. Stayed in a deluxe room which was roomy and had an amazing bathroom. Would def stay again.	
Jan 30 2008 	Good Location for Oxford Street Shopping	Stayed here for 4 nights in early January 2008. Booked a deluxe room through the hotel's web site. Daily breakfast and newspaper are included in the package but newspaper was delivered to my room only 2 out of the 4 nights. Although the address is 350 Oxford Street, hotel entrance is actually on a dead-end side street off Oxford Street and is not well lit at night. If returning to hotel by taxi, it involved a &quot;diversion/detour&quot; before it can get there or ask the driver to drop you off on Oxford Street o/s Debenham for a quick short walk. Checked in online in advance but it did not expedite the check in process on arrival. The lobby is small and no staff was on hand to assist with baggage. Hotel staff were otherwise friendly and helpful. Breakfast selections were okay but did not eat at the hotel otherwise for lunch or dinner. My room faces Oxford Street but the window noise insulation was quite good and was not bothersome except for the occasional emergency vehicle siren. The hotel is just off Oxford Street across from the Bond tube station. Excellent location for shopping and access to transportation. The overall condition of the hotel and my room are good except for the mattresses and sofa in my room were near the end of their useful life. Housekeeping was good.	
Dec 4 2007	Style over substance	Stayed here about 18 months ago in a small room with a small bed so have avoided and tried to stay in hotels at a similar price where you can walk round the bed and get a bath. Was booked here last week and thought I'd try it again, specifically asking for a bath through the agent - when I got there spent 5 minutes whilst this request was considered, discussed with the other receptionist and then the manager. I was then told that they were graciously upgrading me to what I would get for the price at many other hotels in the area. The room was noisy as it was at the Oxford Street end, the bathroom noisier and the cold blast from the window over the bath unpleasant. A triumph of style over substance. Would go again if the only alternative was the Sussex!	
Nov 27 2007 	What is there not to like? It´s just great	This is now my favorite hotel in London. The location is great for shopping. There are a lot of little things that are to my liking. The bathrooms have plenty of shelves for cosmetics and they have Q-tips and cotton wool balls! There is wireless internet included and the breakfast was good. The staff were extremely helpful also.We had our 18 year old daughter and her boyfriend with us and both rooms were roomy and comfortable.We also had dinner in their restaurant and it was excellent.I will definetly stay there again.	
Oct 7 2007 	Horrible hotel well situated	Horrible dark and dingy hotel with peeling wallpaper, scummy bathtubs, rotten carpets and an awful smell !! Two room changes. No difference.And I forgot the building works. Drilling from 8 in the morning.Absolutely shocking. I will never stay in a Radisson group hotel again.	
Sep 22 2007 	Wonderful week	First the &quot;bad&quot;: The room itself was a culture shock. Extremely small for the price. Amenities are rather lacking and the bed was small by American standards.The &quot;good&quot; far outweighed the size of the room: The hotel is extremely well maintained and spotlessly clean. Service was excellent.The staff could give lessons to their counterparts in America.They are extremely polite, very helpful, and most importantly, very friendly. The concierge personnel went out of their way to help me navigate the city, explained the Tube system to me, and mapped out paths for me to follow to the various sites I wished to see. I walked most of London and when I'd return to the hotel, the lounge staff would make sure I was okay and then leave me alone until I raised an eyebrow or looked their way and then brought me a cup of tea or coffee. (If you are American, drink the tea. British coffee is terrible.)Just an aside, I asked the concierge about a particular restaurant and was told not to eat there because I wouldn't enjoy a &quot;British&quot; steak. Instead a Tuscan restaurant (almost everything is now Italian around Oxford street) named Caldesi was recommended. It is approximately 4-6 minutes from the hotel on foot. The food is superb and the cappuccino was the best coffee I had while in England.All in all, the staff of the hotel made my trip to London a very wonderful experience and was well worth the cost. I am ashamed to say I didn't write down the names of the staff. I can't say enough about what a wonderful experience they made my trip. I can only recall a young lady named Barbara who served in both the restaurant and lounge. Her attention to my needs was terrific.Finally, Londoners are a great people. Friendly and extremely willing to help you find your way about. Especially if you have a southern American accent. (tongue in cheek.)Richard Palmedo	
Sep 18 2007	Fantastic Location!	We stayed here for one night and were very pleased. The hotel is situated right on Oxford Street and is perfect for shopping! The hotel itself is spotless, the room was well furnished and had everying thing you would need for a comfortable stay. The only thing I would say is that the air con. is quite noisy at night. Breakfast was excellent with something for everyone. Only a stone's throw from two tube stations, and very reasonably priced - we would definitely return again due to its central location. The staff are very friendly and helpful. We were able to leave our bags at the hotel for a few hours after checking out with no charge.	
Aug 30 2007 	Excellent Service	I won a 5 night trip to London and was placed here by the agency handling the arrangements. My family of 3 couldn't have been happier. We all agreed this hotel offered the best service of any hotel we've stayed in. The staff was very accommodating and kind. The room was lovely and although Oxford Street is bustling and we could see it from our window there was very little noise and had no problem sleeping. The beautiful marble bathroom was a nice size. We didn't eat in Ascots but did enjoy the bar menu. The included breakfast was also very nice and offered a wide variety. We were very, very pleased with our stay.	
Aug 29 2007	Not Good	Not a great experience. I had a room you'd be hard pressed to swing half a cat in. The TV didn't work properly. Radio 4 was completely inaudible. Air con was loud. Thankfully, I wasn't paying, but if I had been then my complaints would have been long and loud.Staff were perfectly nice, but on my experience I'd avoid it if you can.David	
Aug 2 2007 	Perfect location for shopping!!	Every year I go on a mini break to London with my mum. This year we chose the Berkshire Hotel. What a find!!You really cannot find a better location for shopping on Oxford Street. Handy if you intend to purhcase alot as you can simply drop your bags off in your room and head out again.The breakfast was of a high quality with plenty of choice. The rooms were decorated to a high spec, very modern. Only downside was that we didn't have a bath, but did have a double shower. The staff were all very friendly and helpful.Security is good as you need to insert your room key to gain access to residental floor in the lift and stairs.All in all we had a wonderful 4 days staying at the Berksire Hotel in Oxford Street and would recommend it to anyone!	
Jun 28 2007 	excellent experience	I enjoyed the hospitality of the Radisson Berkshire for 4 nights in early May. Travelling solo I only needed a single room which , whilst on the small side provided a very comfortable double bed well appointed bathroom and a good quality televison. Staff were very welcoming at check in and check out. I greatly enjoyed a traditional english breakfast of the highest quality in the hotel's breakfast room which also had a lovely traditional ambience.Location is sensational , next door to debenhams and metres away from the Bond street tube entrance. However being right on Bond street you can hear the street noise if you are in a room close to the front of the building. Daily newspapers and free internet access in their computer room were welcome bonuses. highly recommended hotel.	
Jun 15 2007 	great location	We stayed here last weekend for our fifth anniversary, and booked it though lastminute.com under 'top secret hotels' - what a great deal! The location is fabulous, you walk out of Bond Street tube station and the hotel is right in front of you.The decor is very stylish and comfortable. Rooms are on the small side, but if you are staying a long time in your room then shame on you - its London! We stayed on a room only basis so can't comment on the breakfast.Down side to the hotel is the noise, being right on Oxford Street you can hear the traffic and the beeping of the pedestrian crossing.Overall, if you're looking for a chic hotel that is a great base to explore London this is the right hotel for you.	
Jun 13 2007 	Great location for shopping	If you intend to do some shopping, then this location is perfect. The rooms are small but so very comfy. There are computer terminals for free internet access (husband surfed the web, while I shopped). The bar is nice in the evening. I would only stay at the hotel if you have already been to London before or are there for several days. If you are only there for 1-4 days, I would pick a hotel closer to Westminster where all the tourist sights are. But don't think you'll get away from the tourists at this hotel either. Oxford Street is very busy. There are lots of side streets to explore. Many dining and bar choices as well all around. There are also a lot of pedestrian only streets for shopping and eating nearby..	
Jun 2 2007 	Excellent location	Ideal location ....However the hotel isn't particularly good. Nothing to feel amused or let down. The service is ok....It is quite a small hotel...particularly the reception area without a lounge area.	
Apr 10 2007 	Smart Hotel close to shops 	Booked this hotel as going to see a show in the Palladium Threatre (7 mins walk away). Ideally close to Oxford Street - hotel entrance on side street right beside Debenhams which proved to be a good landmark when wanting to return to hotel. We had booked a twin-bed deluxe room which although not big was spotlessly clean with lovely bathroom. We overlooked Oxford Street (Room 519) which could have been noisy if you opened the windows but the air conditioning worked fine. Breakfast was a hot &amp; cold buffet and staff pleasant. We booked via the hotel chain online and had no problems with our booking - receiving a welcoming e-mail one week before travel. From previous experience of hotel chains in London you should always try to book the best room you can afford as the quality is always less in London. Have no complaints regarding this one. It is right beside Bond St tube station with easy links to other attractions. Staff helpful and kept our cases even after we had checked out so that we could go shopping.	
Jan 2 2007 	Great service Convenient spot for shopping	We stayed at this hotel in December after Christmas with another couple. We had two rooms there on the same floor. Our stay in London was strictly a shopping trip during the big sale in London after xmas. The location is awesome. We mainly shop at Selfridges and along New and Old Bond Streets. All within walking distance from the hotel. The staff has been very helpful. They helped us arrange tables at nice restaurants, even at New Year's Eve. Very nice and modern decor in the rooms. Very good value for the money for a nice room in the center of West end London. We are definitely coming back in our next shopping trip to London.	
Dec 21 2006	Noisy and cold - never again!	My boyfriend and I stayed here after my office Christmas party this week. The hotel is in a great location, right in the West End and hence I also understand that there will be a certain amount of noise from outside. However, I didn't bargain for the beeps of a pedestrian crossing going off approximately every 10 seconds from the first light of dawn. On closer inspection of the window, it was only half double glazed which would also explain the icy winds coming in on the coldest night of the year so far!Our mood wasn't improved by the breakfast delivered to our room - on time, but freezing cold and shrivelled up - totally inedible.I expected more from Radisson, having stayed at other hotels in their group and been pleased with the accommodation there. Never again for the Berkshire!	
Dec 13 2006 	Very disappointing	I had what I experienced as a nightmare of a stay at this hotel as from Dec 8th until Dec 11th.I booked by Internet, and was sent some welcoming reminders from the hotel with weather forecasts etc. before going. I had great expectations, and had a booked a &quot;Let Loose In London&quot; offer in a deluxe room, and I also had great memories of the hotel after staying there a couple of years ago.The offer was described as including the following:Accommodation Full English breakfast VAT at 17.5% Let Loose voucher booklet given upon arrival. Pass is full of exclusive London offers from The Comedy Store, Natural History Museum, Vinopolis City of Wine, Victoria and Albert Museum and many more The DeLuxe room was described as containing:Deluxe roomsKing or twin deluxe bedrooms are more spacious than standard bedrooms, with a king size bed or two single beds. Deluxe rooms also offer a seating area with a sofa or chaise lounge, turn down service and bathrobes and slippers.I was given a small and most standard and poor room, I never obtained any voucher booklet during my stay and I was even told in the breakfast room the first morning that breakfast was not included. When I asked a lady in the recpetion about this and told her that I was on the Let Loose In London offer, she reluctantly wrote in the system that I was supposed to have breakfast inclusive. (Nevertheless the breakfast appeared with a charge on my bill when I checked out, but I refused to pay it and it was deleted). Nothing else happened, and as I had not printed what the offer included I became uncertain of what was in the package and let go with the treatment they gave me.I will also mention the disappointment in finding the room undone when I returned in the afternoon (I had turned on the green light for &quot;Please clean the room&quot; when leaving in the morning), and that I had to ask them to refill the minibar after it had not been done for two following days.A most disappointing experience, and they broke all my expectations of a comfortable and nice London stay.Let me add that I have written a complaint to them after returning home and having found the scope of the offer, as well as a complaint to the chanin's customer service department. It will be interesting to see of they care enough to give me a response....	
Oct 29 2006 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of a theatre break in London.Although it was a little small, the room was clean and very quiet. We had arrived earlier than the stated check in time and the hotel took our bags, so that we could go and enjoy the shopping delights of Oxford Street!Our rate didn't include breakfast, however this was available for an additional £16 each. Personally, I wouldn't bother, as there are several Starbucks or cafe's around within a few minutes walking distance.A great hotel in a fantastic location, especially if you would like to be close to all the shops and directly opposite the tube station (Bond Street).The only negative was the bathroom was very small (but clean), however, for a few nights stay ie a weekend trip, it is adequate enough.Would stay here again and reccomend it to others.	
Jul 20 2006	Great Hotel	Just got back from staying at the Radisson Edwardian. Was a little apprehensive about staying here after reading the other reviews but was pleasantly surprised.The hotel is very stylish, staff very friendly, the room not too small (standard) but very upto the minute, clean and facing a side street so not too noisy. The bathroom is really modern. The bed and pillows are very very comfortable. The only slightly negative points are the lack of two bedside tables (there was one on one side) and clock, also the marble floor in the bathroom is very slippy went wet. Having said this, the location is perfect, the bar is trendy (but expensive) and the restaurant is worth a visit. Will stay here again the future.	
Jul 12 2006 	London Hotel Surprising	Stayed for one night on business in June 2006.Nice enough hotel if very expensive. I expect less from London hotels than anywhere else in the country, as such this was a good hotel. Room was small but ideal for one person.Caters for tourists in my opinion rather than business.Great location as over road from the tube.	
Jul 3 2006	Confirmed 	Our reservations were confirmed and PAID FOR two weeks ahead of time, but this didn't matter. The Radisson overbooked and then shuttled customers to other Radissons in the London area. There were no comps for this inconvenience, no coupons, nothing except a weak &quot;I apologize.&quot; The Radisson hailed a taxi to take us to the other hotel. The taxi driver told us he had been shuttling customers between the various London Radissons all day. Evidently this is a well know fact in the London area. DO NOT STAY AT THIS OR ANY OTHER RADISSON IN LONDON. They are all participating in this unethical, but not illegal activity. Forget that the customer selected a particular Radisson for it's location, or past experience, or a friend's recommendation. None of this matters to the Radisson organization. Remember when you book with Radisson in London, you know not where you will actually be staying. From a business view, I understand how this happend. I had booked a Saturday night only because we were traveling from Edinburgh to London and then flying home the following day. It was the Queen's birthday weekend, the weather was beautiful and there were other special activities in the city. I was knocked to the &quot;unimportant&quot; category because they had several reservations for Thursday-Saturday night. This is exactly why a person pays ahead and has a confirmed reservation.I have never written a review, but this situation was so unacceptable that I had to tell others.	
May 30 2006	Fab hotelfab location	We stayed at this lovely hotel located right off of oxford street after a freinds wedding in town.The hotel has been completley re-furbished with lovely marble bathrooms &amp; one of the best nights sleep I've ever had.The staff were also extremely friendly which made a pleasent change.Highly recommended &amp; fab location especially for tourists.	
Mar 28 2006	Not to be recommended	We stayed at this hotel yesterday for one night only and were not impressed. Ridiculously small reception area, no public rooms to relax, tiny lifts and even smaller bedrooms! You cannot swing a cat in them. This combined with appalling room lighting (non-existent or &quot;full prison compound&quot;), a tiny, poorly equipped bathroom and it's noise levels due to proximity to Oxford Street make it a hotel not to be recommended.TW, Coventry, England	
Mar 14 2006	Disappointing!	Booked last minute for an annisversary, stated that it was a 4* deluxe. first impression, great location for shops and tube.Hotel itself,our king deluxe room was fairly standard, it had an overpowering smell of fresh paint.So we asked to be moved. Which they did! Eventually got a room that was of similar size to the one was had paid for, but the previous guest had left a little suprise inside the toilet! We were reliably informed by reception upon informing them,that his name was Mr Bennett!! However, we were offered two free breakfasts, which are not worth paying for! The following morning, we were woken up by workmen in the room next door at 8am. There were no robes/slippers in the room and the free paper didnt arrive! On the whole disappointing, not worth the £145 paid for it!	
Jan 26 2006	Extremely Average for a Radisson	Location for this hotel on Oxford St is excellent, also being close the the Bond St Tube. Service from the staff is at best poor, with them often being rude. Rooms are clean and recently refurbished. Lifts are a nuisance, being small and often out of service. Rooms can be noisy, particularly on the higher floors.	
Dec 30 2005	Disappointed On The Whole	Hotel location was perfect for the purpose of our visit (sales shopping) and well connected with Bond Street Underground directly opposite. On the whole the hotel is very small, room/bar/restaurant and the service was poor to average (especially in the bar). The hotel has 2 lifts (again very small 4 person capacity) one of which was broke for the majority of our stay resulting in taking the stairs to the 6th floor on several occasions. Having stayed at other Radisson Hotels we were disappointed.	
Dec 8 2005	bad Radisson no cookie.	I stayed at the Radisson edwardian Berkshire thinking I would be safe with their Radisson Edwardian brand name. I have since reavaluated this thinking after staying here. It was not at all what I was expecting or hoping for.The only advice I can give you if you're planning to stay at the Radisson Edwardian Berkshire,- Look closely in the rooms to make sure that it has actually been cleaned.- Bring your own soap for the shower, I wouldn't recommend a bath.- Avoid the breakfast. It costs a fortune and is a monumental disappointment. save your money and eat at a café instead.- Speak slowly and clearly to the staff.- Don't look at the Radisson Edwardian's website beforehand.I'll be staying elsewhere next time.	
Nov 17 2005	Good location but noisy and rooms are cramped bathrooms are tiny	I would be inclined to avoid the Berkshire on Oxford St again. (it's actually just off Oxford St on a little side-passage, officially called &quot;Marylebone Lane&quot;, which quite a few taxi drivers don't seem to have heard of.) The standard rooms are minute, with positively microscopic bathrooms. &quot;Deluxe&quot; rooms are quite nice with decent (soft-ish) beds, and tiny cramped bathrooms. Several annoyances include bath taps that can only be turned off by standing up in a slippery and somewhat dangerous manner, a tiny kettle to match the tiny rooms and round-the-clock loud vehicle and people noise from Oxford St. The staff are friendly but sometimes too helpful, insisting on hassling you for hours afterwards in their determination to &quot;deal&quot; with small complaints. The usual language problems apply, with concierges and restaraunt staff showing a limited grasp of English in some cases. Nearby car park is phenomenally expensive and nearby car parking spaces relentlessly patrolled by zealous central London warders. Great location but not particularly pleasant hotel for the price.	
Oct 27 2005	Recommended.	My parents come down to London once a month and I put them in a different place almost everytime - just so I can see the state of London hotels!I managed to book a superior room via Lastminute for £125 (it was a secret hotel but with some investigation it was easy to work out).The hotel looks freshly refurbished and rooms were fantastic. I noticed that some people complain about the space, but any room which can include a sofa and a coffee table does well in my book - especially for London (and being British I'm used to small rooms).The ground floor bar was ok, although the waiter had a serve shortage of champagne glasses (not very proffesional)! I put my head into the first floor bar/restaurant and both were desserted (Friday night) - I don't think this is a major problem as the location next to Oxford street is excellent for food/drink/shopping.Overall recommended.	
Oct 19 2005	Everything on your doorstep!	I stayed here for two nights in October; one on my own and the second with my man. For anyone booking a hotel in London for the first time, there is no such thing as cheap and cheerful. I got a great last minute rate of £119 plus VAT on londontown (the rooms are usually over £200) Even the dumpy 3 stars out in the suburbs are about £80, so I figured this was a good deal..The best thing about this hotel is location! It's literally on Oxford St, so for anyone interested in shopping, it's a great base, as it means you can pop back to the hotel several times a day to drop off any heavy bags, or just to have a nap or rest. Selfridges is 3 minutes walk away and the hotel is right next door to Debenhams. As I was on my own for the first night, I was glad that I could head out for a casual meal with my book, and stroll home safely on my own, without the worry of scary tube stations or dimly lit laneways out of town. The hotel is right beside some really nice (and really expensive!!) bars and restaurants, and also 100m from Bond St tube station, so it's the perfect city break location. The rooms are pretty small and a little noisy, but hey that's what you get when you stay in central London. Very modern coffee and cream decor, spotlessly clean linen, towels and sparkling bathroom, and of course yummy fluffy robes, minibar, and tea and coffee. The lobby is small, as is the bar, but it is quiet and discreet, and a nice oasis of calm after the hustle and bustle of Oxford St. Can't vouch for the restaurant as I ate out all the time. London rocks!!	
Sep 22 2005	TINY rooms even the deluxe - not like photos	Arrived midnight and checked out 1/2 hour later! After research I had settled on the berkshire as budget luxury. Knew the rooms were small after research but booked a deluxe thinking it would be bigger. It was a surprisingly hot still day and the room was so hot and stuffy found out quickly the a/c was broken opening the windows mad no difference was noisy and still. was informed there was no more rooms to switch us to that night but we couldn't have stayed in that hot room. was very disappointed to find out how poky and tiny it was. was lucky another hotel had a room and checked out.	
Aug 2 2005 	Clean Room Consistent with Radissons	The Radisson Berkshire is in a grrrrreat location. It's very close to Oxford Circle and it's shopping GALORE around the area. Additionally, it's a short walk to Bond Street for great eats and ... more shopping.I stayed at the Radisson for business since our office is nearby. It was really convenient to be able to walk to work, go shopping after work, meet up with colleagues to get cocktails/dinner nearby, and then head to the bars.The food at the hotel was &quot;o.k.&quot; Don't expect much, and you won't be disappointed. Bathrooms were clean (as always, which is really nice about the Radisson), and the people at the front desk were relatively helpful. I think Americans expect their &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms to be pretty large, and if you haven't been to London before, don't expect that. Expect your &quot;deluxe&quot; room to be S M A L L. But, try not to complain about that because does it really matter? You should be out on the town anyway, especially since the hotel is in such a great location. (Well, except the K-West hotel which was a pretty large &quot;deluxe&quot; room, except that it's FAR from central london)For business, the hotel is PERFECT. Getting Internet access was a breeze, and I never had connectivity problems (see my review of the K-West hotel).	
Jun 5 2005	Fab city hotel	Just came back from a weekend at this hotel - we were booked into a Delux twin room - beds were so comfortably, large sofa, huge TV, mini bar, marble bathroom with shower/bath, shower very powerful, luxery toiletries, bath robes, very good powerful hair dryer (a must for the ladies), tea and coffee, iron and ironing board. The room was fairly large and no noise from next door rooms. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel decor is very modern and classic. The hotel is ideal for shopping on Oxford Street, Regent Street and close to some fab resturants on the Edgware Road. I would highly recommend this hotel and I will definatly stay here again.	
May 30 2005	what a great place!	I had a superb experience at this hotel. The (deluxe) twin room I booked was reasonably roomy with extremely comfortable beds and a decent sitting area.The bathroom was gorgeous. No bath but a huge shower with three different showerheads! All gorgeously marble and very clean. Good wardrobe space. Minibar was pretty useless but it was really cold (how often does that happen?!) so restock it to your spec!The common areas throughout the hotel were very stylish and well maintained and the staff were very friendly and helpful - check in took about 30 seconds!The location is what really sets is apart though. It is footsteps away from the main part of Oxford Street. Perfect for shopping and also perfect to stagger back from Soho after a night out.Compared to the other hotels in the area it is very reasonably priced. I highly recommend it and will be staying here again.	
Apr 20 2005	Be careful with the Radisson Hotels.	We were booked by our travel agent into the Radisson Edwardian Vanderbilt in the Kensington areain late March over the Easter holiday. We arrived late, after a snafu at the airport, only to find that our rooms were gone. We were taken by a private hire car paid for by the Radisson to another Radisson hotel, which was a little more Euro-chic than we had planned upon. The second hotel, the Radisson Berkshire on Oxford Street, was clean and nice, but the room provided was minuscule. We were able to be moved to another, slightly larger room with the beds that we had requested the following night. The staff was excellent, but there was confusion over the breakfast (we had pre-paid, but had to sign on a daily basis for the breakfast, to the tune of 30 pounds per person!), and the Radisson Vanderbilt did not forward to us a fax from our &quot;meet and greet&quot; service that we really should have been sent. When we checked out, there was confusion about the payment. We had paid for all expenses in advance, but received a bill for the total amount of our stay, including the outrageously overpriced breakfasts. It took a while to straighten it all out, as everything had to be checked with the Radisson Vanderbilt. The location of the Berkshire Radisson was great- in the middle of the shopping on Oxford Street, close to the bus stops and tube, and there was a cash machine right around the corner. We did enjoy the staff, who really went out of their way to try to make things right. All in all, we had a good time, but if we were to stay there again, we would confirm things ourselves, instead of letting the travel agent do it. We would call the hotel from the airport immediately upon arrival to be certain that the rooms were as promised. Nice place to stay, but check things out carefully.	
Feb 13 2005	Hang Onto Your Shoes!	I spent one night at this hotel with a friend who had invited me to join her for her graduation ceremony in the City.  THE PROS I booked it through airmiles. I presumed I was entering a hotel which would take me back to a time of luxury, opulence and good service and I felt pleased it wasn't costing me much!  I must admit the hotel itself was excellent. Check-in was speedy and efficient. Our room was spacious and it was obvious the rooms and bathrooms had been refurbished. We went out for a meal and by the time we returned, the receptionist had left a voice-mail on our phone asking whether everything was ok and to please let her know if anything was not.   THE CONS We were given luxury bathrobes and slippers but were horrified when one bathrobe was absolutely filthy! A previous occupant of our room had obviously been ill and I have no intenion of putting into words what the robe was covered with. Needless to say, we rang down and asked for a replacement. We had to ring again half an hour later as no-one had acted on our request.   As the Radisson Edwardian group pride themselves in giving service second to none, this was not the sort of problem we expected from a hotel of this class. The fact that it was not acted upon speedily after our first phone call also disappointed us greatly! Indeed, we were left questionnaires in the bedroom and at our breakfast table, inviting our comments and suggestions for any improvements we felt they could make. Needless to say, I filled it in!  The reference to hanging onto your shoes was the final straw when we put our shoes out for a free clean. They advertise that if shoes are placed outside the room by 1.00am, they will be returned clean by 6.00am. We took advantage of this but by the time we wanted to go for breakfast, our shoes were still missing! We had to ring again for our shoes to be returned!  By this time, we felt we had done nothing but complain but the experience we encountered at this 4*deluxe hotel was not what we were expecting.  We might well have just been unlucky as all other aspects of our stay were excellent. However, it doesn't make me want to return to the Berkshire even though the location was fantastic! 	
Feb 11 2005	Rip Off	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in Feb. 2005 and was paying about 150 british pounds a night. The room was soooooooooooooo small and so was the bathroom. There was only space for the bed and nothing else. I was staying in a double deluxe room. The bathroom is very average. from reading the description of the hotel, one would think it was something nice. Generally, the staff were very cold, with the exeption of very few.   One night I wanted to order roomservice late and they are supposedly doing that 24 hours but everything we asked for, they said, &quot;No, we don't do that&quot;. I even asked for a diet coke and he told me, &quot;No, sorry we don't do that.&quot; In the end we settled for cheese sandwiches, cold cuz they said they also don't toast the bread and got charged 15 pounds for it. This hotel is expensive for nothing.   On checkout, they tried to charge me an additional 20 pounds and I had to prove I owed nothing else. There was no apology. The windows in my room were broken. Instead of being able to open from the bottom upwards, the top part of these windows just collapsed downwards at random times. Also it was freezing cold outside and the heater was not working. When I informed the staff about the problems, there was no apology or recognition. The only good thing I can say is that the room was clean, the decoration is modern, and it's located in a very good shopping area, and right next to the tube and bus stops. It is no where near worth what it charges. 	
Jan 21 2005	Excellent service throughout	Stayed for my wife's birthday treat.I mentioned it on booking through lastminute and we were upgraded to a deluxe room. Altho a little street noise from Oxford St, it was excellent. A small but beautifully designed bathroom and big comfy bed with lots of pillows and a nice sitting area and top class B&amp;O tv.Staff couldn't have been any more helpful.They were courteous on check out and check in, with lots of questions about whether we were enjoying our stay and if there was anythingwe could do.1st class in my opinion, although we were in a deluxe room!	
Jan 17 2005	BREAKFAST ??????????	HELLO,Stayed at this hotel from 31-12-04 until 02-01-05.Check-in was perfect, the lady at the front desk did there best to have a room cleaned earlier than usual. Room was perfect because we had a free upgrade to a delux room. Only the soft mattress, but that's (until now) in any Londen hotel. (Do's anybody know a hotel in London which hasn't ?)Breakfast : what a disappointment. Because it was newyears eve they informed us that the breakfast would be served until 12.00 PM. Nice gesture. But what a disappointment when we arrived at 11.00 AM. Half the selection was already gone and what was left was of such a bad quality. Esspecially when they promote it with &quot;Edwardian breakfasts, A Great British start to the day&quot; ! Great start when when one has so little to chose of. Next day same problem. The kitchen can't cope with it and the staff didn't see much.Conclusion : room good breakfast terrible. Would I go back ; NO.	
Dec 5 2004	Beware the breakfast rush!		
Sep 19 2004	Great locations great rooms small rooms		
Sep 18 2004	Worst Service for the Price		
Sep 2 2004	Loved the Berkshire		
Aug 25 2004	Worst Service Ever		
Jul 29 2004	Good hotel in excellent location		
May 31 2004	Excellent Hotel in a wonderful location		
Mar 29 2004	We Loved It		
Dec 31 2003	Great Location Very Nice Hotel		
Aug 13 2003	The Berkshire - Simply Super Excellent		
Sep 16 2009 	Buen hotel centrico		
Apr 23 2009 	superbe hotel classe et discrétion		
Jan 10 2009 	Très bien mais glacial!		
