	An alarming place!!!	Ok, I've read the reviews and I should know better. This is truly an alarming place, as in the fire alarm still goes off in the middle of the night!!! Reviews going back to 2006 refer to this problem, and it still happens!!! Yes, in 2009! I'm here on a multi-night business trip. So far, one night, one fire alarm. I can't afford to be tired. I'm here on a multi-night business trip. One more fire alarm in the middle of the night and I'm outta here! I'm willing to overlook the tired decor, the dirty bathroom and the tiny rooms because the location is awesome. The fire alarm is a different story.location? double check.staff? check.cleanliness? not so much...alarm issues? enough to put this place in the bottom...	
	Not likely to stay again	Due to a flood at the Kingsway Hall we were offered this as an alternative as it was a 'sister' hotel. It turned out to be a bit like one of Cinderella's sisters. Small rooms, though clean. An unattractive lobby teaming with Ilalian teenagers on arrival and teaming with Italians on departure. Did not have breakfast.Trying to get our cases from the storeroom was a joke, with the stand in at the concierge desk being rude and hopeless. 'You should try my job mate' he said to a complaining Italian. 'I shouldn't even be here'. Then he proceeded to take everyones ticket stubs so that everyone was mixed up and a free for all ensued. He should get another job or get properly trained.Don't stay here.	
	lilliputian rooms for a well located and clean hotel	I was in London for a conference and it was my first time in the city, so I stayed in my room for very little time. I felt claustrophobiac, though, which i've never been. The room was ridicously small, I could not unpack most of my clothes. Using the toilet was a venture. All the staff, except for a door man, were condiscending and unhelpful (i had to ask twice for a stand for my suitcase and a hair dryer). On the good side, it was very clean and the location was great, for the neighborhood and public transportation.	
Nov 24 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	I booked this hotel through late rooms as a secret hotel. I must admit I was concerned when I read the reviews.On arrival the staff were very helpful and pleasant. We got to our room which (standard room) was very clean however as mentioned by another reviewer the room was very small and the bed (which was also small) was pushed up against the wall. As the bed was small and my partner is tall we decided to see if we could upgrade to a room with a larger bed.The reception staff were very helpful and arranged a room with a larger bed at no extra charge. All the staff we encountered were very helpful and friendly and we would return to the hotel, but would probably book a club room instead of a standard room.	
Nov 16 2009 	I won't stay here again	I thought that previous reviews complaining about the smallness of the bedrooms were because Americans were used to large rooms in their hotels, but I discovered that they were absolutely right. Our room was so small that there was no room to walk properly between the bottom of the bed and the wall - I had to sidle along sideways!The bathroom was even smaller, if that were possible. Never before have I had to sit on the toilet with the toilet-roll holder sticking up into my left armpit.One curtain was hanging half off, and there was a constant whining noise which interfered with our sleep.We won't go back.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great location TINY room	I have stayed here before in a twin room which was small BUT my room this time was TINY could JUST walk around foot of bed and TWIN beds were touching each other!! i.e. no room between the beds to move around.The hotel is in an AMAZING location a few minutes walk from tube,many dept stores,restaurants and cafes. An easy walk from the Royal Albert Hall.Food at the hotel is expensive but fabulous cafes and takeaways VERY close by.As it was only one night room size was NOT a big issue BUT it would be VERY cosy if staying longer!!Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Nov 13 2009 	Small rooms great location	Me and the boyfriend got a special deal for this hotel and thought the price was great for a 4* hotel in Kensington. The rooms were very small but were modern and nicely decorated and clean. The location of the hotel was excellent, just a few minutes walk to Kensington High Street and the Tube station.Great pool and fitness facilities available too.	
Nov 13 2009 	Nice place to stay!	I read a previous review that the hotel staff here were rude...that was not the case at all, for us, they were very friendly. Also one reviewer wrote that the place was worn down, perhaps it's time for some new carpet..but other than that I saw no falts there. The room was small (typical for Europe) but clean and cozy. The shower was great!! The Hotel was located in a nice area, very short walk to the tube, and Kensington High Street for great shopping. Just 1 block away was a great place to have breakfast. It's called the Muffin Man, nothing fancy...just good, cheap food! We will stay here again!	
Nov 12 2009 	Good hotel in a great location.	Not sure what some previous reviewers are talking about. I have just returned from 3 nights at this hotel. Sure the rooms are on the small side (doesn't that apply to almost all hotels in London?) but overall, this is a good hotel in a great location. Go there expecting a 4 star, and you may be disappointed. However, I was sold this as a good 3 star, and frankly can't think of a better 3 star to stay at. I am a regular traveller to London, and believe me, this is one of the better hotels in this category.	
Nov 9 2009 	Be aware - if stay in the hotel your belongings might disappear and nothing will be done about that !	I used to have VIP deal with Kensington Close Hotel and stay there every time I as in London . Until I had very unpleasant situation with my belongings disappearing form my room . Hotel’s Management took no responsibility for things worth couple hundreds pounds. They claimed they fallowed all their procedures dealing with my case and completely ignored me. My advice for any travelers – avoid Kensington Close Hotel !!!	
Nov 9 2009 	tatty slow dissapointing tired - look elsewhere!	As I arrived at the front door and saw the tatty, dirty dust rugs I suspected that I would be dissapointed with my four star bargain.This is a tired 3* hotel, dressing itself up to be four*. My Executive room upgrade was barely big enough to swing a cat and the lighting was so poor that I recommend you take a torch if you want to adjust the AC or to shave by. The tray of tea and coffee was very welcome, if only I could have discovered where to plug the kettle in!The bedroom was refurbished , although a monkey with a paint brush would have made a better job of it. For sure it was clean and the bed fairly comfortable although no Sky or Satellite TV as standard. The bathroom however was of a different age - early 70's I should guess. Standard tub, good shower but tatty tiles and a mirror (without light) that needed resilvering.I can's say that I enjoyed the complimentary continental breakfast. When the coffee arrived it was weak and tasteless, the croissants were as anemic as the white fat they are made of (you know the type that you can taste the grease of for the rest of the day), and the muesli resembled floor sweepings with lots of added sugar. Above all there was an unpleasant smell of fred food and eggs haning in the air - more like a canteen than a restaurant. If you want to travel back in time in order experience the worst of 1970's British Hotel then you should stay here - you won't be dissapointed!	
Nov 6 2009 	Small room but good value	I was a little concerned having read some recent reviews.Check-in was very efficient and friendly.The walk to my room was down a long corridor and as reported by others the carpets were past their best and the painted woodwork could do with a touch up.The room itself was small but big enough for one and just about adequate for two.The fixtures, fittings and furniture were fine. Very comfy bed, good size desk, TV, coffee/tea making, personal safe etc. The bath room had a great shower and full size bath. Every where was clean.There was a strong WiFi signal but the service was too slow to be usable. Mobile broadband on the 3 network worked well.Breakfast was standard hotel buffet fare. I've had better, but it wasn't bad. Coffee was excellent.The bar was roomy and comfortable with lots of TV screens showing sport.Lunches at the conference I attended were poor. Nothing was labelled and a query to try and determine which food was vegetarian was answered with - &quot;the potato salad and some sandwiches&quot;. The sandwiches were egg and were squeezed in amongst the meat rounds.Check out was very quick with no queues - even at 9am.All in all not too bad, and considering I paid £89 per night for a double room it was actually good value for London and very good considering it is located in Kensington. I would stay there again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great location very small room	Half a block from Kensington High St. with all it's shops and Tube station. Short bus ride to Albert Hall and 3 major museums. Clean, but very tiny. One side of double bed up against wall, makes for awkward midnight potty runs. Must stand sideways in bathroom. Can't take more than 3 days of included breakfast.	
Nov 1 2009 	Totally dangerous	Did not stay at this hotel, met friends who were staying there in the bar (lucky escape from whay I read here). Went out for a smoke in the garden area, dusk / evening. Garden unlit. No idea there was a pond there, my son aged 20 walked over to what he thought was part of the patio and ended up in the water. Pond was totally covered in algae, duckweed so it looked like grass. There is no lighting or edging to the pond. He was covered in the algae. His phone and clothes were ruined, just could not get the algae off them. If you are going to have facilities like this, you have to look after them, clearly they don't spend any money doing this. Somebody likely to get seriously hurt, total disregard for safety. I notice they have a swimming pool.....not sure I would trust them to get the chlorine safety there right either. What happended was an accident, totally avoidable	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent location with friendly staff	We have just spent two nights at this hotel, it is ideally located for High Street Kensington tube station and shops, Notting Hill and Hyde Park are only a short walk away and the Royal Albert Hall about 15mins walk. Our room and bathroom were a bit on the small side but were very clean, tea and coffee facilities were provided. We didn't have any problems with noise and we were right next to a lift. We found all the staff were friendly and always smiled and said hello if you passed them in the corridor. We enjoyed the breafast which was self service but had a wide selection from continental to full english breakfast, the food was hot, freshly cooked and constantly being replenished. The dining room was vey busy and on our second morning when I saw the queue of people waiting to be seated I thought we would have a long wait (about 10 people in front of us) however we only had to wait less than 5 mins to be shown to our table. We found the service from the waiters good and we didn't have to wait long if we asked for anything. Yes some areas of the hotel were a bit worn - the carpets in the corridors and the bar was a bit dated but cosy and had character, again the staff were freindly and efficient. It would have been nice to have some tissues and other toiletries provided in the room in addition to the two small bottles of shower gel but these are only minor details and I would definately stay here again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Maybe the worst hotel I've ever stayed in...	We checked in for 2 nights on Monday of this week. When we got to our twin room, my brother and myself discovered that not only was there no gap at all between the beds, but they occupied virtually all the space in the very tiny room. There was no space whatsoever between the foot of the beds and the wall - they were literally wedged into a space exactly the length of the bed - so the only way to get to the bed nearest the window was to climb over the first one. Utterly preposterous in an establishment that describes itself as 4 star.On the evening of the second day of our stay, I went to reception and joined a queue of people waiting to complain about the size of their rooms. It seems every room in the hotel is ridiculously small. I asked the manager on duty to come to my room and look at it, and when he arrived asked him how he proposed I get to the bed nearest the window. He agreed that the room was unacceptable for sale as a twin room, and arranged for an upgrade to an executive twin. I was about to go out for dinner, and the room wasn't ready, so we agreed that the keys would be waiting for me at reception when we returned that evening.They weren't. I got a long-winded, and patently untrue, explanation from the night manager as to why the room had become unavailable. I suspect they'd given it to one of the many other people who were complaining about the size of their rooms while we were out. In the end, the night manager offered me a complimentary Continental Breakfast or a glass of wine. He wouldn't even stretch to a full English Breakfast.Awful hotel. Some of the staff are very good - they clearly know that the place is a joke, but do their best anyway. Some of the reception staff, including a hair-gelled young man in a trendy but bad suit( by the name of Simon?) are arrogant, supercilious and generally unpleasant. The concierge, and a manager called Sean Leavey were both extremely helpful and friendly, but they didn't make up for what was a very sub-standard experience.	
Oct 29 2009 	4 stars? no way! it's ~2	The location was good, but the room was a littlebit dirty, and there was some liquid on the carpet. The small double room was very small, we were using the room only for sleep. We felt we are in the Balkan, not in the UK.So: it was expensive for this room!	
Oct 26 2009 	No way this is a 4* - and tiny tiny rooms	We were staying at this hotel as we were at an exhibition. When I got to my double room, then bed was up against one wall, it was a tiny bed and it looked like a motel. When I made a fuss I was offered an executive room - but at £30 a night more!!! That room was not much bigger and my husband and I found that the only way to get ready was for one to stay on the bed whilst the other got dressed! Hardly what I expected. I did book through Late Rooms and the price was good had it been a real 4*, but this was 2* really and I was very disappointed.	
Oct 26 2009 	Not recommended bad stay	I booked for 2 nights at Kensington Close via HotelZon.com. Main reason for having chosen this hotel was for its location in Hi St Ken - only 3 minutes walk from the tube station and yet not disturbed by the tube noise. (was familiar with the area from many years ago)Upon check in, we were told that our rate did not include breakfast, when it was clearly stated that breakfast was included for the entire stay on our HotelZon confirmation which we had printed out from the website. When I showed it to them, their front desk staff said &quot;Well, my copy doesnt say so. I don't know where you got yours from.&quot; And she smiled widely. We politely asked her to check with HotelZon on this matter and to get back to us. She merely said &quot;I'm sorry, you will have to take it up with HotelZon. We don't deal with them. You can call them tomorrow morning yourself.&quot; Of course we were furious by the remarks and demanded to see the manager, who was next to the staff we were speaking to the whole time, and did not bother to better the situation until we demanded to see him. He said to us &quot;Yes, I was overhearing the conversation. I'm sorry it's Sunday today and I'm sure HotelZon isnt working today.&quot; He said he would call them the next day and get back to us, but of course no news from him after that. My confirmation also said &quot;Room comes with internet&quot; but when i asked, they said, yes, the wi-fi is reacheable in your room, but it will be charged at GBP5 per hour. It didnt say comes with FREE internet! Apart from that, the lobby was always very crowded and we waited for about 30 minutes for our check in. Only 5 arm chairs available for seating and there's always a queue to check in. The room we had was very simple, quite small but adequate. The safe deposit box didn't work. Moderately clean with a small tv and tea/coffee making facilities and no minibar. However - the window had big, long gaps and we could feel strong cold draught in the room! We switched on the heater but the room was still very cold. I had to stuff a towel along the gaps in an attempt to avoid being frozen in my sleep. Their housekeeping, for two consecutive mornings, were punctual to knock our door at 8am to clean the room, when we hadn't put up the make up room sign, and we had chained the door. This did not help after a bad night's sleep.Upon check out, they managed to irritate us again - I asked if the room was needed immediately, else we would like to request for a checkout at 2pm instead of 12pm if possible. Another very smiley staff said &quot;Sure, of course! Not a problem...You will be charged 10 pounds per hour. So that would be a total of 20 pounds.&quot; And there was a small sign on the counter that wrote &quot;Late Check Out Promotion - only 10 pounds per hour!&quot;. I've never seen anything like this before. If you want to stay in High St Kensington area (lots of shopping and good food! Whole Foods Market and big Marks &amp; Spencer are there too), try Copthorne Tara or Royal Garden. Slightly more expensive but I'm sure there will be better service and rooms. I dreaded going back to Kensington Close every night during my stay.	
Oct 21 2009 	Oh dear oh dear!	We arrived at the hotel at approx 21:00 18/10/09.......on attempting to check in with the reservation that we made NINE days earlier, and PAID FOR by credit card in advance, there was a problem (bearing in mind that I had given the hotel our arrival time)......our room was 'IN USE.'The explanation given was that a group due to check out on this day had decided to stay........and were in the room we booked......!The manager (who stated it was only his second week in the position) when realising that I was far from impressed stated......'well if I was that side of the counter I would be angrier than you'.......so I got angrier.......and he found a room after much tut tutting over his computer screen.......we have upgraded you to a nely refurbished CLUB ROOM (435).To room we went........poppycock.......clubroom or not, you could not swing a cat round in it, and the bathroom, well, it is so badly designed, and lit, that doing ANYTHING other than showering was difficult........don't get me wrong, everything was reasonably clean, and tidy, but tired and worn out to an extreme........and this was supposed to be a newly refurbished room!!!!It is not a 4* hotel by any strength of imagination, and I have stayed in better 2* establishments. Staff were very very poor, and in the 'breakfast' resturant it was just like being in an old Woolworths cafeteria of the 1970's......serve yourself at the counter and catch the coffee/tea boy when you could.......not one member of staff seemed to know what they were doing at all, (only a small minority spoke English if they spoke at all) it was ridiculous. Lucky we didn't have to do the washing up I reckon! And the Lion Bar was no better, certainly overpriced........and the Cumberland sausage and Vegetarian Thai Green curry that we ordered in the bar on our first evening were ordinary sausages, and a red (very red), Thai Green curry!!On our second day, we left the hotel at 09:30, and returned at 16:45, to shower and change prior to a city date.......the cleaner had just gone into the room to service it.....I complained, and they apologised and offered a free drink in the bar (declined) while the room maid completed her task........God only knows what room service had been doing for the rest of the day.........and the final straw really was on check-out (bearing in mind that the room had been paid in advance and we used no other services within the room, they attempted to charge me £7.50 for a Bounty bar that they indicated I had taken from the mini bar.......however, the Bounty Bar in question was still in the mini bar.....I had purchased mine from the paper shop in Kensington High Street, AND HAD THE RECEIPT TO PROVE IT. To top it all off, the Concierge lost one of the bags that we had deposited for safe keeping prior to departing.......and my wife had to go to the store with a member of staff to locate and retrieve it........it had been placed with somebody else's belongings.......YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED........stay at this hotel at your peril, it is and simply cannot be classed as a 4* establishment, it is old, tired and worn out and I shudder to think just what the other rooms were like if our was a newly refurbished 'Club Room.' Fawlty Towers springs to mind!	
Oct 13 2009 	Not worth it	I don't really mind the room being very small. What I do mind is paying £114 (excluding breakfast) for a really low standard, worn down room. The carpet needs changing, the walls need paint, the bed has clearly seen better days (perhaps in the 70s?), and to top it all, the window frame was lined with duct tape - whether it's purpose is to keep the window in place or keep the draught out is unclear....On the plus side: the room was tolerably clean and had coffe/tea making facilities. And the location is great for shopping in High Street Kensington. But next time, I'll stay at the Copthorne Tara Hotel next door, which is a little bit better. PS. My room was on the first floor. (Room 139) Avoid it!	
Oct 13 2009 	Good value for Kensington	I'd say the Kensington Close offers real value for money based on the facilities on offer and its location. It's a large, busy hotel a few minutes walk from High Street Kensington Tube station and bus routes into Central London, plus there are countless cafes, bars, restaurants and stores along Kensington High Street. And the greenery of Kensington Gardens is a five minute stroll away... But don't expect designer chic and flat screen TVs. I was pleasantly surprised at the amount on space on offer in my single room, it was light, clean and comfortable, but, admittedly, the furnishings were looking a little tired. The bathroom was spotless, everything worked and the shower had power. Staff were friendly and efficient. I didn't use the spa facilities, or sample the restaurants as there are so many options available locally. One negative - noise. The hotel's plumbing, and comings and goings at all hours out in the corridor did prevent me from enjoying a good night's sleep. But that wouldn't deter me from staying here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Room extremely small for two. Bathroom needed updating.	Though we were warned that London hotel rooms would be considered small compared to typical US hotel rooms, this one still struck us as extremely tiny. I likened it to a small stateroom on a ship with every inch of space utilized. The TV was also very small and only got 5 channels. When my husband sat in the easy chair positioned in front of and under the TV, his head hit the TV shelf. On the positive side, the hotel's location right in the heart of Kensington and one block from the tube station was excellent. To extend our stay an extra night, we had to move to the Copthorne Tara Hotel which is right next door and only a bit more expensive and had a more adequate sized room.	
Oct 7 2009 	horrible dont stay	tub stopped up.. took them 2 days to fix it. They charge you for everything at this hotel including using the fitness and spa facilities. They also charge you when using a calling card...weird! Furthermore, the staff did not speak great english and had an attitude. Expensive and not worth it... look elsewhere. The location however is good, it up the block from the kensington high street tube station.	
Oct 4 2009 	A great getaway for all the family	We went with my husband (60), son (16) and daughter (13). It was very convientient, walikg distance from a boots, tesco and such. We stayed in a huge room, it was great, ask for the penthouse. The kids VERY much enjoyed the pool , whilst me and my husband had relaxation time in the jacuzzi. We stayed for 8 nights and packed lots of things in. In the room there was 24 hour room service, minifridge, balcony, powe shower, very large bathroom, 2 hd tv's and a telephone free of charge. Every morning there was fresh coffee, tea and breakfast and that filled us up before a day out, the door man was exedingly polite, as were the front desk and maids. One morning we woke up to a huge banging and we went to the desk and complained. They said they would sort it and they gave us free tickets to the bus tour, they said it would never happen again, and it didn't. Again, the pool changing rooms were fantastic, everthing you need to relax is in this hotel, and another good point it te maids don't mind you taking stuff from the trolly!This was a fantastic hotel and my family and I will definatley be staying here again, no complaints!	
Sep 26 2009 	Rudest most unhelpful and unfriendly service ever experienced!	The staff (reception, concierge etc) are so incredibly rude that it completely clouds over anything you would look for in a hotel. Absolutely shocking.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location	We enjoyed our four days at the hotel. The room was small, but the bed was comfy. The bathroom was clean (important!) and so was the room. However, the rooms need a redecoration soon - they are a little worn down. The location is great, near High Street Kensington, where there are several shops and restaurants and a tube station. Kensington Gardens is also close by. All in all, we had a very nice stay at the Kensington Close.	
Sep 5 2009 	Worst Hotel and Service Ever	We have been staying at this hotel for the past four years (three times a year) and have never had a complaint until now. The location is great so we have always continued to stay here.However, on arrival here this time myself and my mother were given our room with a bed too small for one person, let alone two. We had emailed our reservation for a twin room and so asked to be changed to one. The room we received was tiny and the beds were ont op of each other with no space whatsoever in the bathroom. Two room changes later and we settled for a marginally bigger room with some space to move around in.That night in the hotel bar whilst relaxing and having a few drinks the bar manager came over to us and accused us of giving him a fake 50 pound note. When we questioned his manner and how he dealt with this (the note was not fake) he did not seem to care. We brought the issue to the attention of the 'duty manager' he too, did not seem to care that we had been totally embarassed and humiliated in front of other guests. He, in fact told us, that his staff are experienced and would not have said that to us.This issue totally upset our trip there and we had no sense of apology from the staff there. They were so unhelpful, rude and ignorant towards us. We are only sorry we didn't move to another hotel but as we were there on business the hotel location was very convenient for us.	
Aug 24 2009 	4 stars??	We had 5 travelling--2 adults and 3 children (2 of which were teenagers), with plans to occupy 2 rooms. The rooms were too small to accommodate a cot and we declined to stay in the end. We were treated very poorly by the front desk staff despite the fact that they were well aware of our need for the cot upon checking in. Beware the 'only the General Manager can deal with this' comment, especially since he was magically away on vacation.The elevators had broken glass and the carpets were held together with duct tape. The place was rundown and the rooms are no where near the standard of 4 stars. This may have been one of our worst travel experiences, despite having travelled extensively.	
Aug 24 2009 	A good value in a GREAT location.	We stayed here for a week while in London to visit the museums and other fantastic attractions the city has to offer.The location is AMAZING. Right in the heart of Kensington (which is a pretty high-end district, it turns out...) and walking distance to the Victoria and Albert Museum, Science Museum, Natural History museum and many other attractions, it is also about a half block walk from the High Street Kensington tube station, on the Circle Line, giving you almost instant access to anywhere in the city. We felt very safe and secure coming back to our hotel in the evening, even late at night after a show.The service we received was... good... not great, but good. Friendly and helpful check in, but assitance from the concierge varied depending on which one you spoke to.The building is, as others have described, in need of a bit of renovation. Our room was showing a few signs of age... just a tiny bit of mildew along the grout in the tub, and a small (3 cm square) piece of wallpaper missing near the bed, but the mattresses and linens were fresh and in good shape, as was everything else in the room. More importantly, the room was clean and tidy and the air conditioning worked great. We were comfortable during our entire stay.... despite the bathroom... particularly the area around the toilet, being quite tiny. I kind of had to wedge myself in there, and my knees hit the toilet paper holder... but then again, I am 6'4&quot; and 225 pounds... I survived easily and smaller folks should have no problems unless mobility is an issue.This is a big hotel and there are three banks of elevators. The two elevators at our end of the hotel were quite tiny (3 people max) and rather slow... we tended to use those at the main entrance or near the spa when they were available. The pub was a good place to have a quick dinner and a pint. In fact, it was a very comfortable place to sit and rest.We never tried the spa/gym/pool, but they are there for those who want them.Breakfasts were nothing special (the &quot;Full English Breakfast&quot; was part of our rate) but served to fill us up so we didn't need much for lunch. There was, however, a good selection of food available and service was speedy and efficient.Most importantly, however, considering the location of this hotel, it was an incredible value. Some of the physical infrastructure was a bit tired, but everything was clean, hygenic and (tiny toilet spaces notwithstanding) quite comfortable.This might not be the best hotel in London, but it could well be the best value. We were quite comfortable during our week here and would certainly stay here again and recommend it to our friends.	
Aug 21 2009 	Never Again!!	Please do not stay at this hotel - we booked a executive double as the description was &quot;spacious room&quot;. The room was the size of a wardrobe, complained and asked to change but was treated very rudely by manager. Asked if we had been given an executive double and was told that unfortunately we had been given one of the smaller executive rooms, asked to view their standard rooms but were refused (as we wished to compare sizes). Views! (none) windows too small to see anything anyway. Moved to Copthorne Tara next door given club room (huge) with breakfast and complimentary bar for same price. Dont book this hotel unless you like very small places to sleep.	
Aug 18 2009 	Fantastic Value and upmarket location	We spent five days traveling around visiting the London sights. You were able to catch the bus or train from the high street a five minute walk from the hotel. This area also had many shops for dining etc. Overall a great hotel, clean, great b/fast, service etc etc	
Aug 3 2009 	Superb Location	I travelled for a weekend away with about 14 work colleagues. I went with an open mind as I had read the reviews on tripadvisor and they were mostly bad but a few good ones.I arrived at the hotel and so far so good the exterior was good and clean. Staff were very welcoming and friendly.Very orgainsed check in for a group of business travellers.I got to the room and it wasn't huge but it was adequate for what I was using the bedroom for. A very soft comfortable king size bed with plenty of pillows and a nice snug duvet. The room was hot and I had to open a window although I was on the road side of the hotel so there was slight noise but I slept through it. The bathroom was very compact but was good for it's purpose. You had a bath with a shower as well and om my god the shower was powerful and amazing.Next was down to the Conservatory meeting room for a buffet style meal with my colleagues. The food was fantastic and very tasty, no complaints there.Next onto the Lions Sports Bar, very dark wood based furniture in here but was very homely and warm feeling. Felt like a pub from back home in Manchester. Drinks a bit pricey but hey you are in London.Breakfast was served in the Blue Smoke Steakouse restaurant but we had a private dining package but meals normally served in Senses restaurant. This was a self service buffet breakfast with a choice of continental breakfast or a full english breakfast. Staff couldn't help you quick enough.We spent the day at leisure and even had a few treatments in the spa. You are about a 2 minute walk from Kensington High street which I can recommend for the shopping. I had an Elemis Muscle Melt Back Massage and I can highly recommend this for getting all the tension knots out of your back. I had a girl called Emma perform the massage and she was amazing, highly recommended.Next for the evening meal, we dined in the Blue Smoke Steakhouse once again but it was also private dining again for us. We had a set menu but with a couple of options. Staff were amazing and our wine glasses did not go empty at all. They could not of done enough for us. However only one young girl was serving and it looked like she was running the hotel single handedly by serving water, wine, meals to a big group of about 17 of us.Well back to the bar for us and again very homely feeling and friendly staff.Well sunday morning came and check out time. We asked the Consierge to order us enough taxies for 15 people to take us to Euston and he ordered 3 of what we thought were black cabs and was told £55.00 for all 3 taxis and we could pay one driver. Well one taxi turned up and it could only take 4 people. We had a little arguement with the consierge who said we told him we only needed 3 taxis and we did tell him 15 people. In the end we jump in 3 black cabs from the taxi rank straight across from the hotel. Taxi driver later advised us never trust the hotel to book your taxies as they are making commission on it. I tend to agree with the black cab driver. In result of the mess up with taxies we missed our train back to manchester.All in all a very good hotel and a very good location. Would highly recommend it to my clients, friends and family	
Aug 2 2009 	A little tired!	On arriving at the hotel. Reception staff were fairly friendly and polite. Proceeding to the room the lobby carpets looked worn. The room itself was small and the decor and furniture were also worn. This looked like it had been a four star hotel 5 years ago but is now in need of renovation. Use of the pool was expensive as it held a charge of £8 per person, per day. We had a problem with the air conditioning and asked several times for someone to come and look at the unit but nobody came. Breakfast was extremely expensive for the quality of food we were charged £16.50 per person a charge that is not advertised anywhere in the hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	Be very aware	A standard Double room is only a single room with a double bed, with access to only 1 1/2 sides. Very small room not enough space to open two suitcases at once. No Fridge	
Jul 20 2009 	Do not stay here	Just back from a four night stay in the Kengsington Close. Good enough location - just off Kensington High Street and not far from the tube. Tiny Room, small double bed, no storage, no room to move - very claustrophobic. I have never encountered staff as rude as the front of house staff in this hotel. Firstly we enquired if a bigger room may be available and were told that there were no bigger rooms available and anyway what were we expecting from a London city centre room?? No apology, no attempt to even pretend to be sorry that they could not accomodate our request. In order to activate the in room safe, you need to get a code from reception. When the safe wouldn't work I had great difficulty convincing the reception staff that I was inputting the code correctly and it must be a maintenance issue. Eventually they half heartedly contacted maintenance (puffing and panting as if I was causing them great distress) and a very nice maintenance man came and replaced the battery in the safe which was the cause of my problem.I must point out that I am Irish and generally Irish people do not complain or cause a fuss unnecessarily. I asked the receptionist for change to pay the consierge for tour we booked. She pointed in the direction of the hotel shop who had no change so when I approached the front desk to ask if there was any where else in the hotel to get change the receptionist looked at her colleague, threw her eyes up to heaven and said &quot;I said we have no change madam&quot; At that point I just couldn't get over the rudeness of these people and yes I should have spoken to the manager but I felt it was not worth spoiling my weekend break by upsetting myself.The pay TV didn't work despite numerous requests to activate same - there was no attempt to rectify the problem. There were only 5 channels. No water in the room. No fridge. Certainly not a four star. Definately sub-standard in relation to the room rates.We couldn't bear to eat in the hotel or use any of the other facilities. There was no sense of being either a welcome or appreciated guest so I would never recommend this hotel to anyone nor would I ever stay there again.	
Jul 19 2009 	Poor hotel in a good location.	I stayed here for one night. The hotel is in a good location close to Kensington Hight street and tube station. My room was fine for what I needed, I was on a work trip. Comfy bed, clean bathroom, it had a portable TV with only 5 channels - no rolling news, BBC, Sky or CNN which is poor, even a Travelodge has more choice. The room did have tea and coffee making facilities, no biscuits but it did have a tea pot which is a plus point. The staff were not very welcoming or friendly, when I arrived there was not a smile or hello, just a grunt and a NO when I enquired about my room rate and breakfast.I didn't eat in the hotel it all looked expensive and when your in London there are loads of places to go. This hotel was fine for my purposes but I'd be disappointed if I were staying here on holiday. Too big, not friendly and pretty standard.	
Jul 16 2009 	Worst London's Hotel ever?	A four star hotel without a fridge in the room!The room are very very small.Worst customer service ever.Some forniture with adhesive tape to keep them on!Dirty and obsolete.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great location and a good value for the money.	My wife and I spent 7 nights at the Kensington Close. I can say that it was a good experience and a good value for the dollar. The room is small but the shower was great and the room was cleaned everyday with clean towels and sheets. Extremely close for tube and a McDonalds is 3 minutes away. We tried the Muffin Man as was recommended by other guests but found it too expensive for a dried out cupcake. Great shopping, very close to the Kensington Palace which is a great place to enjoy. Suggestion is to get an Oyster card if you are going to be there for a week like we were. Buy at the tube station for about 25 pounds. You can travel anywhere in zone 1 or 2 and is also good for riding the bus. The #15 bus will take you to Knighsbridge and Picadilly and you can get off on High St just 3 minutes from the hotel. We did a the tour bus one day. Very good. It costs 25 pounds and is good for 24 hours. You can get on and off anywhere you like. Get on the yellow bus for a live tour guide. The red bus is recorded. Caught the train from Waterloo station for a day trip to Windsor. Excellent, about one hour train ride. The cost is 9 pounds per person round trip. All in all the Kensington Close met my needs. We did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants. Kind of expensive. Of course everything is in London. Ate at Hard Rock for $30.00 for two and ate at Friday's for $40.00 for two. Harrod;s was unreal. About $28.00 for a hot dog. Oh yeah, you do get fries with it! We had a great time. Would stay at the Kensington Close again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Room far too small mouldy bathroom	Stayed here with a friend for 3 nights, the only plus point was the location of the hotel. The standard room was far too small, tiny gap of about four inches at the bed to squeeze by and the beds were on castors which did not lock so any movement send the beds and myself right across the room!The air conditioning was not cool enough as the room was roasting hot throughout the night as were the hall ways. Curtains did not fully cover the windows, so we had to secure them in place with elastoplasts (yes really!) to prevent being woken up by the sunrise at 4.30am. On two occasions we were left either none or just one hand towel, lock to the door of our room didnt even work!! We couldnt get back into our room one day after breakfast as the cards for the room mysterisouly wouldnt work. The bathroom was an absolute disgrace - mouldy tiles/taps scalding hot/not working/sink dirty...need i go on. It might be an idea if the hotel cleaners focussed more on cleaning the rooms than ensuring the brass in the foyer was immaculate - the foyer was perfect and despite seeing dozens of members of staff cleaning bedrooms it obviously was not enough.I would not revisit this hotel and suggest to others that you could get better value for money/cleaniness by going elsewhere.	
Jun 26 2009 	Will never step in again!	We booked this hotel through londontown.com which said &quot;Holiday Inn Express&quot;.. but apparently the name was changed 5 years back. We met a few more people from Germany who were told the same! Disappointing, tiny rooms..very very sub-standard, even though we stayed in the executive and double executive rooms. the location is very nice.. very close to high street kensington.. but there a couple of better hotels around. The staff was quite cooperative.. but you may not want to pay a penny for those kind of rooms which have never been renovated.	
Jun 25 2009 	Worth Upgrading to Club room	Hotel is in the process of moving from a tour group hotel to one more popular with business customers, but there are still further changes to be made. The location is superb, only 2 minutes' walk from High Street Kensington tube station and excellent shopping and restaurants, yet in a quiet street.Reception queues can be long, although the Corporate check-in offers a much faster service. Receptionists are all polite and helpful.The hotel is in the process of upgrading many of the rooms, and the newly upgraded Club rooms are excellent; they do vary in size and some are a little small, but ours on this occasion was spacious and newly furnished with high quality linens and carpet etc. The other masssive advantage of the Club rooms is the automatic free entry to the swimming pool and fitness centre. Swimming pools are very rare in central London, and this one definitely adds value to the stay and to the upgrade. Renovation appears to be working downwards, with the public areas last to be done. The carpets are older and the lifts somewhat tatty. Equally the huge breakfast room, designed for large groups, is a little downmarket compared to the rooms. The Lions Sports Bar is large and informal, more attractive to younger guests than to the business customer. With all the space in the hotel, I imagine that future investement would include two smaller dining rooms and two smaller bars.	
Jun 24 2009 	A bit Disappointing	I am currently staying in the hotel and I must say am a bit disappointed. This is the 2nd time I have been to the hotel, both times staying in a club room. However, this time the room I was allocated is much smaller. Certainly there is a king size bed, flat screen tv and minibar but space is at a premium! Very little space between the bed and the cabinet hosting tv, mini bar and kettle in the 3 compartments and the chair has to be moved close to the bathroom to allow someone access. I would have expected a bit better for the price I am paying though obviously London hotels are pricey. The other thing I would say is that the room service menu is fairly basic for a 4 star hotel. On the plus side I would say I found the staff helpful and friendly and the location is good.	
Jun 21 2009 	great location good hotel	Just back from a weekend at the Kensington Close Hotel. It is situated in an ideal location. Room was ideal with everything needed for your stay. Staff very pleasant. Breakfast was either full English or continental which had great variety to choose from. All in all great place.	
Jun 17 2009 	TINY rooms pushy staff but a pretty good location.	I stayed for three nights whilst attending an exhibiton in London with three collegues - what can I say?!?! First impressions were ok, hotel loby is neat but there were people smoking just outside the door. Check in took ages, and the man on the desk didn't speak very much English and traspired (eventually) that because we arrived late (8.50pm) they'd given our rooms to someone else. So we all ended up on different floors.Breakfast is a nightmare - they asked us to confirm names and room numbers FIVE times on the first morning - not what you want when having breakfast - food at breakfast was good but VERY overpriced.We only ate in the hotel on the first night, it was way too expensive (there are LOADS of pubs/resteraunts within walking distance - much better) and not the best food - also we had to wait 40 mins for sandwiches?!? Staff are all foreign and don't mind disturbing you several times during drinks/food.Rooms were miniscule! Bathroom was ok, clean but tiny. Hairdryer was useless and lighting isn't great, I had a view of an airconditioning device! Bed was as comfy as I expected it to be, but the TV is also TINY (seems to be a trend here)! Didn't order room service so I can't comment.Parking is also super expensive - but it's central London.Overall this hotel was a disapointment and so overpriced - I will not be returning.	
Jun 15 2009 	Disappointing	We were looking forward to staying in this &quot;boutique&quot; hotel in High Street Kensington and were greatly disappointed. The rooms were tiny (no exaggeration), the bathrooms were dirty, and the bed was uncomfortable. We stayed for 5 nights (because Expedia wouldn't allow refunds) and were woken twice in the middle of the night due to some loud fan noises. We called reception and they ignored our requests to be moved the next day. Internet is expensive and doesn't even work in all parts of the hotel- including your room! They charge extra for the gym amenities which is ridiculous.	
Jun 15 2009 	APPALLING Customer Service	We made a booking using a complimentary voucher received by referring our own customers to this chain of hotels. When we arrived we were told the booking had been made for the following month. At first the staff said they would arrange a room for us but, when we came back to check in they said that a room was not available. They could offer us a different room at an increased rate. When we became upset about this (understandable as we had been traveling for 7 hours) they took umbrage and refused to help on the grounds that we were impolite. AVOID THIS HOTEL. THEY HAVE NO RESPECT FOR GUESTS AND ARE INCREDIBLY UNHELPFUL IN DEALING WITH PROBLEMS.	
Jun 8 2009 	Enjoyed our stay loved the location	We (myself, husband and 9 yr old grandson) were only there for 3 days, but found the service and attention very good. The Concierge were extremely helpful, we had to call the front desk a couple of times, and we received the attention we needed quickly. We found the hotel cozy, the staff we delt with at reception, the pub and dining room were very nice. We were surprized at how busy the front lobby and reception were the few times we went though, but that did not create a problem for us, as most inquiries were directed with the Concierge, and again, they were excellent to deal with. Our first meal in London was at the hotel pub, we had to have fish and chips! The food was very good, we ate every last bit on the plate. This was the only meal on our European holiday where a small salad was served with the meal, and it was tasty. I would definitely stay here again, this is the second time I've stayed in the Kensington area, and I really like it. This was my husband's first time and he thought it was great and liked the hotel. The only negative thing I can say is that our flight booked from Toronto, Canada, arrived early in the morning, (6:30 am) and therefore we were at the hotel way before check-in time. lf I do this again, I will book a room for an extra night, and have it held for me so that when we arrive we can check in and nap for a few hours. Before I booked the hotel, I read the reviews and was a little leery about staying here, but I really liked it.	
Jun 5 2009 	Small but perfect room	Stayed 1 night and found it a very clean, efficient and friendly hotel. Helpful staff on the desk . Single room was small but well designed and had a small double bed. It was spotlessly clean as were all areas of the hotel. Breakfast was very busy with several large parties of Womens Institute members attending their AGM at the nearby Albert hall. Waiting staff were working hard to keep tables cleared and the buffet topped up. My only complaint would be that as I was alone I had to wait ages for a coffee and then I had to ask for it. The toast I requested never arrived - but as there were ample supples of danish pastries I did not go hungry. Would use this hotel again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Memorable people slightly forgettable experience	We were booked into the Kensington Close for two nights at the end of May, our second visit there this year on business for a charity. On our way up to London I tried to remember what the hotel was like, but couldn't remember much about it. That says something.The Kensington Close is well-positioned close to High St Kensington tube (a blessing after a long journey on a hot weekend). Both times we've stayed there it has been hosting a conference (or two) which adds to the busy feel of the place. And it really is busy. On the Sunday morning, the breakfast waiter told me that they had catered for 900 breakfasts - in a dining room that held at most about 60 people at one time. Quite some feat.The room was clean but very stuffy, the bed comfortable and the bathroom pleasant enough. Although there was air conditioning, a news item made me think twice about spending a night breathing recycled swine flu and we left it off, preferring to leave the window open instead.The queue for breakfast wasn't as long as it looked on entering the dining room but the breakfast itself was unremarkable. On our previous stay I'd had the cooked breakfast (and now remembered regretting it) so opted for continental. This time, despite trying a bit of everything fruity and yoghurty it... well.. it just didn't add up.The finishing touch was the undrinkable coffee that saw us heading out as fast as possible to the Cafe Nero up the road. We gave breakfast a miss altogether on the second day. Shame. It's a pity that Kensington Close verges on the unremarkable when it comes to the basics because where it really excels is its people. The staff (from all corners of the globe) are friendly, polite and best of all, genuine. This is such a positive achievement, you find yourself really rooting for this place to raise its game and become a little bit special.We took the time to give the hotel this feedback on checking out. Both the receptionist and the manager were gracious and receptive to our views, proving the point about the strength of the staff there.In terms of its lovely staff, good location and basic, clean and comfortable amenities this hotel could go that bit further and become a place that you really look forward to visiting on those business/pleasure trips. I suspect that attention to the food and the ambience of the whole dining experience will have a lot to do with this. If I were to recommend this hotel it would be mainly on the basis of the friendliness of the staff and management.	
May 27 2009 	My Friends loved it!!!	I wonder if this website is made for angry people to get over their problems!!! why being so negative? Yes the staff try to inform you about the restaurants and all other facilities before you get to your room, so what, if they had people would complain that they were not informed! ;) Bluesmoke was fantastic, very nice atmosphere and great food! The room was small but way enough for 4 days in the city! I guess if you need to stay longer you ask for an executive room! Staff were helpful, and on a rainy day you have it all in this hotel, spa with gym and swimmimg pool, bar with sport events on big screens, small gift shop, food served all day long!!! For the price it is great value!!!! will highly recommend!	
May 24 2009 	Never Again!!! Totally Disappointing!!!	Worst 4 star hotel I've ever stayed!!I travelled all over the world and this was my worst ever experience.Very good locationGood Reception/Dining Area/BarRooms were totally disappointing, smallest rooms I've ever seen, leaking shower,at some stage the shower head came off, the toilet flush was working intermittently,very old towels etc etcBreakfast was B&amp;B standart.A total false advertising, got nothing to do what you see on their website.Asking for more than 150Pounds per night for this hotel is insane.	
May 21 2009 	Poor customer service	Size of standard double room is ridiculous! only 1 bedside locker.... Don't get a fry up in the morning, bacon and sausages taste like theyve been sitting there since 6am . Tasted like rubber! Staff were very unhelpful! Mostly foreigners working there hard to understand their English.Swimming pool costs £8 to use so not actually a facility of the hotel. Expect to pay 15% tip at the bar for every drink ( its not normal in England to have to tip for a drink ) ... and pay £7.50 for a glass of wine! Bar was empty i wonder why!! I assume the restaurant was the same which is why they try and book you in for a meal before you even get to your room with your luggage!!	
May 14 2009	An avoidable low point	We stayed at this hotel before and after a coach tour. Would this hotel survive without coach tours - absolutely not. We stayed here before the coach tour in an acceptable room but when we came back the room we were allocated was awful. The curtains were black from mildew, the desk staff so very slow and generally we felt that the staff didn't care. If you are going on a coach tour dont stay here. It is easy to get a taxi to this hotel on the morning your tour leaves.	
Apr 28 2009 	don`t listen to the bad reveiws!!!	I was very worried after reading trip advisor before our trip to london but when we arrived i was plesantly suprised. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. The room was a bit small yes but when you are away for a weekend in london how much time do you spend in your room! it was just right for what we required. The food and service were also exelent. We ate in the hotel for two nights and had no compaints at all. The breakfast was also fab. Over all i would love to stay here again! very very good! don`t listen to the other people who have got nothing better to do than moan! or the tight fisted ones who think everything is to pricey!!!!!!!	
Apr 22 2009 	excellent location - very small room - closer to 2* than 4*	The kensington close hotel has an excellent location only 2 min from underground. The hotel is in need of refurbishment and the outside is shabby. The breakfast was excellent. The rooms are another story.The rooms and bathrooms are very clean but This hotel takes the meaning of a small room to the limit. It is absolutely tiny. There is hardly room to walk around the beds. I required a twin room but the beds were stuck together. It reminded me of a bedroom in a mobile home!!!!! However they beds were very comfortable &amp; it was in a quiet area. The cost of alcohol in the bar is very steep. It cost £13.22 for a wine and vodka &amp; coke.I think this hotel is not 4* material but nearer to a 2*.	
Apr 15 2009 	The location is great!!!	I stayed here and really liked it. The first room we had was really small, but we moved to a room that was much bigger, which made the stay enjoyable. I would stay here again. My husband loved the breakfast. It is in a great location and the staff we came across was very nice.	
Apr 13 2009 	Dont bother	On a positive note, this hotel is in a great location, but I could not believe the size of the room. I go to London at least three times a year and have had bigger bathrooms then the size of this room. I couldn't even get up to go to the toilet at night because I would wake my friend up by opening the batheroom door as the bottom of her bed was touching the bathroom door. The walls in the room were filfhy. The is no way this is a 4 star hotels. The staff in the Spa were so rude and very unhelpfull.	
Apr 13 2009 	Nice hotel in a good location very well priced for the area	We stayed in this hotel because we had an exhibition in Olympia. This Hotel was really welllocated, just off Kensington High Street and looks nice, clean and modern from the outside, which it is.The bar was nice, with plenty of flat screens showing sports and reasonable bar food. Breakfast was also fine.I had a single room, which was small but perfectly fit for purpose. It was clean and I had enough space to move around.The gym was also reasonably well equipped and had a nice pool.Car parking was reasonable, for Central London.I was very happy with the hotel, considering the price we paid.	
Apr 11 2009 	Forget it...	All wittering on about the rooms, ok they are small, but this hotels downfall has to be the restaurant and bars.Firstly the service is appaling, which is insane as the cost of food and drink is outrageous.A pint of lager and two vodka cokes cost me £20, when I questioned this, the waitress said there was a 20% service charge for bringing the drinks to our table, and what they dont tell you is that its discretionary, so always refuse to pay it.This hotel was flooded with foreign tourists, god help them, the only memories they will have is of 'rip-off Britian'.	
Apr 7 2009 	Mean!	We had three rooms. 1 single, 1 double, 2 executive. The latter smelled like the pool though we were floors away. The single room was perfect, roomy and comfortable. The double was THE EXACT SAME ROOM as the single, but with a slightly bigger bed. Definatly not big enough for two people, especially teenage siblings. We asked to change one of our rooms and it took hours to make any progress. We had to pay into the leisure centre £5 a day, which was quite steep considering the quality and size. The brekfast was average, although we went quite late so the selection may have been greater earlier on. The location was great, right in the centre of the city, steps away from the underground, but this was really the only positive thing about the hotel. Not value for money.	
Mar 28 2009 	Who Shall Take Responsibility Now	This hotel was chosen for my friends Spa Hen Weekend, it was booked at the beginning of January for 14 people.Instead of dealing with just 1 person to organise the rooms, restaurant &amp; spa we had to deal with a whole host of people who couldn't seem to liaise with each other.Our first encounter with a problem was in the spa, where know one seemed to know that we were coming &amp; were charging us different prices for admission, resolved after 20 minutes, we should've walked away then.We were never told about childrens swimming lessons that take place on a Saturday, so relaxation was an understatement it didn't happen.Also on that particular weekend they had a &quot;Shoe &amp; Boot Fair&quot; which meant that there was no bar for us to have drinks in as it was being used as one of the main rooms for this event, so we were offered drinks in the lobby or to our rooms BUT we had to pay a sur-charge for the privilege.We were also meant to have dinner in the restaurant, but yes you guessed it another problem arised. We were meant to have a 3 course buffet, but at the last minute we were told we were being offered a pasta &amp; pizza offer, we decided to decline as we just couldn't trust the quality of the food or service so we decided to go &amp; find another restaurant to seat 14 of us for dinner last minute.Regarding breakfast we were told that there had been a colossal amount of people the day before in the restaurant so to make sure we got breakfast smoothly we were offered it in our rooms for yet another sur-charge, we all declined.This is a very busy hotel with people coming &amp; going all of the time, you'd think that they'd know how much food to order in to cater for large groups of people.Not one manager was willing to take responsibilty for everything that went wrong that weekend we just kept being passed from one person to another.As a group we couldn't wait to leave the premises.I wouldn't go back to this hotel in a million years so as you've guessed this hotel will not be on my recommendation list.	
Mar 23 2009	Kensington Closet	Stayed here for a few days and the rooms are unbelievably small, I think it should be renamed the Kensington Closet Hotel! A twin room you could barely move in. We asked to see a larger room and we were willing to pay the extra amount however there was barely any difference in room size. We were told by disinterested staff they are all more or less the same. The shower was a mere dribble and the sink plug kept getting stuck. Location is great though.....and it's cheap, about 100 pounds per room.	
Mar 11 2009 	Clean basic room close to tube station	Stayed at hotel as a treat for boyfriends birthday. The hotel is clean, staff are very friendly. Could hear noises from pipes but is a fairly old building. Rooms are also very small but for a base for 1 night it was all that was needed. Location is great just a few minutes walk from kensigton high st tube station.	
Mar 10 2009 	Excellent location – ok pool – tiny very noise room.	I go to London 3-4 times a year for the past 14 years, so have stayed at a lot of different hotels. The location of the hotel is very nice, this was my first trip with my daughter (4 years old) she just love swimming, and that was the main reason for choosing this hotel – was rather surprise they charged us GBP 5 each when we stay at the hotel - but we had the pool, Jacuzzi and sauna all to ourselves.The room was very tiny and noisy – I am usually not fussy about noise but this was rather bad, came from the pipelines and the ceiling I think. But the biggest problem was a very poor bed, one side was ok, but the other you sort off kept falling of as the springs were broken.A button fell of my daughter’s coat, and I called for housekeeping and asked if they could sow if. They gave me a needle and thread, as none of them apparently could sow either, so that had to wait till we returned home and visited the tailor – would have thought there was a better service for the 4 stars – but it was ok.	
Mar 2 2009 	the worst place on earth - or at least in london.	''I don't think I have ever been quite so unhappy staying anywhere in the world.One of the highlights of the stay (If you ever get to room 742) was to play the krypton factor...Using only your balance and the squares on the carpet, try to get from the door to the bathroom without making the floor squeak. I say it's impossible but maybe you have to think outside the box and use the area under the bed - but I think that's cheating...The rest of the inhabitants on the 7th floor were marauding teenagers and by day two, the hotel decided it was easier to mover me rather than protect what little of their hotel remained.I did make a point of saying I didn't want a bigger or a better room or anything – I hadn't paid for one and all I wanted was a quieter space... They could have got this so right but in the end they made such a big issue about my being given a club room and it was one of the best rooms in the hotel etc. etc...but before they would swap keys they had to take another imprint of my cc as they couldn't trust me not to nick anything from the mini bar - and then put me in 420 next to the lift shaft – I ask you!Originally they said my new room would be ready at midday but that wasn't the case when I returned in the afternoon, but don't get too excited – its just a paint job and a new telly – every thing else reused from old rooms and if they look behind the room door there is some ones old shower cap.So anyway, they've turned me into a 'rant' - they won't or can't control their guests and in the meantime, I get punished twice and get charged £270 for the privilege.You cant play the krypton factor in room 420 as they have swapped the squares for lines - which is fiendishly difficult.On day two at 4 am (17.02) the fire alarm went off and we all went outside to watch the fire engine. No one was on duty to shepherd the people at the back of the hotel – very confusing and only one bloke on the front who shouted 'Gpherrede yeahahy mellodonnnehkay' down the loud speaker before disappearing and we all went back to bed except for the teenagers of course...At least the fire klaxon did work. I did wonder about that as 742 and 420 both have 'stepped' ceilings and I thought that all ceiling areas were supposed to be covered independently? But they are not. I took a picture to show the fire officer just in case.Later that same morning we were offered neither apology or explanation, was that the 'Gpherrede yeahahy mellodonnnehkay' ? Just the prospect of another wait behind a 20 deep queue for breakfast in a half full room. Hotel is on record as being very proud of its international staff but I can assure you that all messages are translated and re translated several times before you get an answer. I think they should multi-train the chattering receptionists or several concierge staff to go and manage the breakfast queues when they get busy.The true highlight of my stay was finding the Cafe Concerto for Breakfast. This is 100 yards from the hotel on High Street Ken. There, you are treated to a warm welcome, a smiley helpful team who provide excellent service and a great breakfast. That was a real find after the debacle of 3 nights at Kensington chase. It looks like all the rooms are quite small (Probably due to space and business rates.?) so if you are going with a friend, make sure it is some one you have a habit of bumping into, or someone that you would like to bump into, as this would be inevitable.Internet on 7th floor is non existent but they are happy enough to charge you up to £15 for a days access. Outrageous – go and get yourselves a booster and a deal with Orange! Internet access costs diddly squit these days. They did give me my money back but was asked to sign a form saying they were giving me money, although they don't give you a signed for saying you had paid them in the first place! I'm not interested in their internal accounting practices – I just wanted my money back for something that didn't work – simple. They debit your card for the room before arrival too.On hotel web site it proudly boats '4 star hotel' but this is a self assessment (not explained) and they are mistaken.I would urge every one to check and make sure they are staying in a place where the hotel has invested in a worthwhile scheme and not rely on self judgement as this can be very misleading and lead to disappointment.In a couple of years, London will host the Olympics and we stand to be the tourism laughing stock of the world if these places don't get their act together.If you want to go and stay at the Kensington Close then do so, but please arrive with little or no expectations and all your wishes will be fulfilled.I have stayed in many other guest houses and hotels that stand head and shoulders above this place in levels of comfort and service. London is my favourite city and personally, I have never been so pleased to leave a hotel. They charged me £90.00 quid in advance for each night, single occupancy, ruined a short break, and for £270 pounds in 2009 - we all deserve so much better''I ent a copy of my review as i thought that the mgt deserved at least the right to reply - their sales coordinator wanted to know more details so on 19 February, 2009 19:06:46 I sent e-mail to Manoj Dudhe who hasn't bothered to reply. (i have a read receipt) I hope they have fun spending my £270.00 - it certainly isn't on customer service - stay away at all counts.	
Mar 2 2009 	Good Budget Hotel - Oh but that fire alarm!	I read the reviews for this hotel with an open mind and decide to book as it was very good value room only price £90 includes taxes and its in a great location. Believe me if you want luxury, good location and huge rooms you really have to pay for it in London, so for its location just off Kensington High Street it really is good value.I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel: Staff were friendly, efficient check in, clean and nicely decorated room, plenty of room for us and our baby, they also supplied a cot in the room with out an additional charge, bed was comfy, the bathroom was tiny, but hey how long do you actually spend in there! Yes hotel's decor could do with updating, but for the price I was not complaining.I was all ready to give the hotel a glowing reference for its value for money, location and friendly staff and we went to bed happy, until at 12:45am when the FIRE ALARM went off!. I read the previous reviews on this and thought they were just unlucky. Now I am concerned because as I knew about all the previous false alarms, I didn't leave the room!. I checked out of the window and could only see about 20 people stood outside. Instead we called reception and they said it was a false alarm. However my concern is what if it wasn't a false alarm!. I believe that because off all the false alarms people have become complacent, like me, about evacuating the hotel and that could have terrible consequences. Apparently someone decide to take a shower at 12:45am and this set off the alarm, I believe the hotel really needs to address this problem ASAP and I will be writing to the Manager and Health and Safety executive to voice my concerns. It’s a real shame because this is a very good place to stay in London .	
Mar 1 2009 	Good value hotel central location. Small rooms.	+ Great location for Kensington+ Good value+ Nice breakfast- Very small rooms- Huge hotel, very impersonal- 30 minutes (yes, really!) wait at the bar	
Feb 27 2009 	Very average London hotel	We Stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel for 2 nights as part of some deal I had with Clubhotel. I had requested via Clubhotel and then directly with the hotel for our 2 rooms to be connecting - however at no point did anyone reply to my emails. When we arrived we were told that we would have to pay an upgrade for an executive room, which I quibbled about and a manager waived. When we got to the room I was pretty shocked to find these rooms described as executive - they were slightly shabby, very average and noisy. The plumbing in the bathrooms were slow and noisy. Very few toiletries. On the second night a fire alarm went off at 4.30am - however it was so faint the sound that we only realised it was a real alarm when we heard all the other guests evacuating on to the street below. We didn't realise that we were supposed to evacuate for at least 15 minutes - thank goodness there wasn't a real fire! On departing the hotel my daughter left her ipod in a drawer by the side of her bed, when I phoned housekeeping 2 hours later they informed that nothing had been found in the room. Obviously it was our fault for leaving it but one would expect it to still be in the place it was left and not taken by someone.On the upside the locations is great - just off Kensington Hight street and the rate was reasonable.	
Feb 24 2009 	Worst manager ever	This was my first stay at this hotel. The location was perfect for my purposes and the on-line booking rate was good. The hotel itself is passable as a 3-4 star and most of the staff were friendly. However, the management is by far the worse I've ever experienced. In particular a dark haired, tattood duty manager. To net out a long boorish tale, it came down to the fact that it was my understanding that I had a booking for 3 nights, when in fact I only had one for 2 nights (due to an on-line booking mistake that was then &quot;handled&quot; by a hotel mgt staffer that assured me everything was &quot;fixed&quot; now at the agreed upon rate). When I went to check out (after declining the offer to extend my stay for a fourth night at a rate approximately 300% higher than my first night) I found they had &quot;automatically&quot; extended my stay for the third night at a rate higher than our agreed upon rate. So, bottom line was there was no contractual arrangement for me to pay ANY rate for the third night, I agreed to pay what I had paid for the previous night, but the duty manager refused, telling me my credit card would be charged at the &quot;discounted&quot; rate they offered. I even offered to settle the difference with a few &quot;drink&quot; cards at their restaurant, which would have had the result of me leaving with a reasonably OK attitude toward the property; the duty mgr acknowledged he had the authority to do this but still refused to do so. Maybe he didn't like Americans, or maybe they're just poorly trained. End of game score: the hotel lost the revenue of a fourth night stay from me, but gained an extremely dissastified customer who will tell everyone else the story, including the billions of people who have access to the internet for years to come. The logic escapes me.	
Feb 22 2009 	Good hotel friendly helpful staff small rooms great beauty treatments	The hotel has a great location and is easy to get to. The staff are really helpful especially concierge, bar is great place to sit and relax. Spa treatments and thereapists are fantastic - felt really pampered. Rooms are small but did not spend much time in it. Would not recommend breakfast which although ok is expensive - use Cafe Nero just down the road.	
Feb 20 2009 	False Alarms at the Kensington	This was my second trip to the Kensington Close Hotel as although I knew from my last trip that the hotel was a little dated I loved the area and the staff were friendly.I booked online through the hotels own web site, which they claimed gave the best rates, well in advance. Three nights accomodation in a standard double room for single occupancy Monday to Thursday came to £318 after tax.This did not include breakfast which like other reviewers I found to be a bit mean but felt the location compensated for this.On arrival the doorman rushed to take my bags and was very friendly, the receptionist welcomed me and hoped I would once again enjoy my stay with them.I had asked specificaly for a quiet room and was given a room on the 5th floor at the back of the house.I had no sooner entered my room when what sounded like an alarm went off. Not knowing what it was I ignored it as it soon went off. When after a few minutes it went off again I rang down to reception and was told it was the fire alarm but everything was ok.The room was small for a double and I was glad I had gone for it and not a single.The bed I have to say was very comfortable and that means a lot. One thing I have to say about this hotel in my experience is that things can look ok on the surface but if you examine them closely they are very dated, sometimes damaged and actually dirty.The shower head over my bath I think had been wiped down as much as it could be but if you look at the photo you will see that it need to be replaced as it all grimy and brown.(See Photo) The extractor fan in the bathroom did not work at all.The lift closest to my room leading down to ground level was lined with carpet on the walls that was torn and fraying and generally gave a bad impression of what might be going on behind the scenes of the shiny frontal area of the hotel. (See photo)On the night of my second stay I was woken at about 4am by the now familiar sound of th fire alarm. I didnt know what to do and was disorientated trying to find my clothes, wondering was it just a false alarm again, what if it wasnt, should I get my passport and money or just run. Normally Im quite a together sort of person but at that time of night I actually went to get the lift down before copping on to myself and taking the stairs. The stairs led to an alley at the side of the building and people were streaming out in pygamas and generally looking disheveled and confused.Outside the fire brigade were already in action having done whatever they needed to do. I stood at the back well away from the building, someone said something from a speaker phone but I couldnt make out what it was and everyone started streamin in again. I wanted to know what had happened, were things all right, but didnt see or hear any staff hanging around to reassure residents.It took me 2hrs to get back to sleep.At 9am I decided to have breakfast in the hotel and go back to sleep for a bit before walking around London.There was a queue at the restaurant and when it came to my turn the woman directing seating said as my stay did not include breakfast it would be a charge of £14 something.I told her I would go and get breakfast somewhere else for that price and asked her did she know what had happened last night.She said someone had taken a shower and left the door to the bathroom open and that the steam had set off the alarm.Note to management of the hotel - Maybe there is a link between faulty extractor fans in bathrooms and this happening or maybe the fire alarm system has to be replaced.I went across the road to the Muffin Man a place that is recommended in travel guides and by some other contributors to this site for half the price.Getting into the lift on the way back to my room I saw a workman and asked him if it was all right for me to enter ( maybe he was fixing it) He asked how I was and when I told him I was tired because the fire alarm went off last night he said &quot; Oh yeah that happens every now and again&quot; I was startled and asked how every now and again? He seemed to want to take it back and said it might not happen for a month or so.If you do a search on Kensington Close Hotel fire alarm you will find other reviewers writing about this happening before.I met a manager walking along the corridor and he said &quot;How are you today madam?&quot; I said &quot;tired&quot; and he asked if the fire alarm had woken me.Well it was hard to miss.His attatude was it was better to be safe and no one was hurt.Ok. I think if I was running a hotel I would tell everyone working in it the next morning to be particularly good to customers coming down that morning, TO APPOLOGISE to them, to let them know what happened, to reassure them about the future i.e. what they are going to do about faulse alarms and to ask them if they can do anything to make up for the inconvenience. I did write my opinions in the visitors book and hope they improve.	
Feb 18 2009 	Disgusting Hotel	I would not recommend this hotel. It does not live up to its four star status. Room 163 - 2 sockets adjacent to the dressing table did not work, the shower is extremely difficult to turn on and when it is on produces a torrent of water as the shower head is broken, furnishings are tired and worn. The worst factor of all was the toilet. It had not been cleaned after the previous occupant and remained unflushed and in a filthy condition (the person had obviously had diahrroea). Although someone was sent up to clean the toilet promptly, no apology was received, the maid only saying 'it is done'. This experience made us lose all confidence in the cleanliness of our room and we went to bed unsettled. We were then woken at 4:40am by the fire alarm and had to evacuate the hotel (false alarm). I have stayed in three other London hotels but have have never experienced such a bad hotel!	
Feb 9 2009 	Good location good value	A very small room just big enough for a double bed, closet and small desk. Bathroom was small too. Very clean room not a single thing to be unhappy with. The bed was comfortable and the duvet nice and cosy. I paid 45 pounds for the night thought londontown.com and was happy with the rate. The location was good right near the tube station, always plenty of cabs available and a couple minute walk to high street Kensington. I ordered room service late a couple of nights and it came quickly and was very tasty. The only problem I had was that the phone was set to silent so my wake up call on the first day didn’t wake me up. It took reception a while to figure out what the problem was, I don’t really think it was their fault per se a previous guest probably turned it to mute. I thought for 45 pounds it was clean, comfortable and in a great location.	
Feb 6 2009 	does their website work--am having issues	Stayed at the Kensington Close twice in 2005 (Aug and Dec). It was just a good, basic hotel. I have plans to stay there again in March, but cannot seem to contact them via the website. Is anyone else having issues?	
Jan 26 2009 	Excellent value	I spent one night at this hotel in January with some friends as we were going out in Kensington for the evening. I was a little dubious having read some of the reviews on tripadvisor, but the hotel was much better than I expected. Yes the rooms are very compact and I imagine it would be a little tight for two people to spend a lot of time in there, but the room was spotless and provided everything I needed. For £68, excluding breakfast, in such a prestigious location, I think it was excellent value for money and I would definitely consider returning in the future. Reception and concierge staff were friendly and the check in process was efficient. I did not eat at the hotel as there are numerous places to eat breakfast/lunch/dinner within a very short walking distance of the hotel. It is also a very convenient 1 - 2 minute walk to High Street Kensington underground station so getting into central London for the more usual tourist attractions is very straightforward.	
Jan 7 2009 	Never Again!	Stayed here for one night with business.... never again! I stay in hotels all the time and this has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! The hotel itself is looking pretty worn and dated, but it looks like they've tried to tart it up with cheap tat from homebase. You can tell they haven't put alot of effort or money into it. My room was the smallest I have ever stayed in, if that was executive I'd hate to see what standard was! I probably could have put up with the shabby interior but it was the attitude of the staff that got me..... everyone I encountered! They're all miserable, rude and when you ask for help or assistance it really looks like you are getting in the way!! Breakfast was like a free for all! Pure chaos! It was like a scene from Armageddon, again down to bad management. No one seemed to be guiding the staff, they were running around like headless chickens! Surely they can tell how many guest they have staying in the hotel and staff accordingly. Its not rocket science!They say it comes from the top, so I can only imagine whoever runs this hotel must be one miserable........	
Dec 1 2008 	breakfast Shambles	This hotel was booked by my husbands PA for our family as the annual Office Christmas party was being held here. We arrived in time for some late lunch at the sports bar, the food was good though service was slow but friendly. However the prices for the food and drinks were quite over priced for this type of hotel. And I hate places that charge a 'oscretianary 15% charge prefering to tip directly to the staff member and not get into a iscussion about it over the bill.The decor and furnishing at the hotel were dated and in need of a re-vamp, however the bed and bedding are among the most comfortable I have encountered at a hotel (including 5*). Our room was also very quiet. Although the room servise and mini bar prices were quite expensive.As a christmas party venue the tables were beautifully decorated but the food was very standard. However we had pretty much enjoyed everything so far, therfore it was a great pity that breakfast was such a disaster and really soured the whole experience and I don't think we will be returning any time soon.Sunday breakfast is served until 11am which is great for a lie in. My husband myself asnd son arrived down for breakfast just after 10am. The waitress confirmed breakfast for 3 people (which was fairly obvious), then looked around (it was quite busy) and queried if we wanted a table for 2 people os 3?! I don't know if she expected one of us to remain standing. Breakfast is served buffet style which is typical of this type of hotel and several people were waiting for more cooked eggs to arrive(fried scrambled etc) eventually we were told that they had run out of eggs! this was at 10.15 a full 45 mins until breakfast finished. After speaking to several staff members we asked to speak to the manager who duley arrived spoke to some staff and came over positivly bristling with indignation, she asked what the problem was although she obviously already new and when we explained that it was ridiclous to have run out of eggs (surley breakfast is the easiest meal to cater for, ie so many people staying overnight = so many for breakfast) she said quite rudley had we not been informed that they had been let down by there delivery people, Not my problem I'm afraid! Why they didn't send staff out to a super market convenience store etc etc when it must have been blindinly obvious they were running out I do not know. If she had apologised and said obviously some one should have sorted the situation out instead of self rituosly passing the buck we would have been some what mollified, as I said before it is a great shame as we won't be going back or recommending this hotel.	
Nov 24 2008 	Short stay	We spent 2 nights. Our room was small but warm, really clean and comfortable. Some of the corridors are a little dark, but overrall the hotel gives a good impression. The staff were courteous and our (few) requests were dealt with promptly. We'd certainly stay again if we got a good rate as the area is one of the best in London.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great Hotel Pool and Spa	I traveled to London on business, but came early so I could see the town. I choose the Kensington Close Hotel &amp; Health Spa because I liked what I saw on the Expedia site. The pool and health club facilities were outstanding. Hot tub, steam room and sauna really worked well. The room was clean and stocked with plenty of tea. I work as a Cameraman and had a short interview to complete while in London. I e mailed a brief synopsis of the film to the hotel staff and asked to shoot in the garden pond courtyard. The hotel management called my room almost immediately and came up to my room to discuss the shoot. We visited the courtyard, I explained what I wanted to do and the staff gave me the okay. The shot looks and sounds beautiful. I would highly recommend The Kensington Close Hotel. The surrounding neighborhood has everything you need and the Underground is a block away. Get a London Pass and do the town. Can’t wait to return. John	
Nov 16 2008 	noisy but good location	we booked this hotel because the rates and location...we arrived at the reception area and we waited 15 mins to be attended then they couldnt find our booking... we asked for non smoking room and they put us on a twin on the first floor (smoking floor) the room was tiny and we had an engine right behind our heads we didnt sleep at all.In the morning we complained and the girl in the reception was very kind (only this one) and moved us to the sixth floor to an executive room.. bigger than the one before but still very noisy we had connecting rooms and we could hear everything from the room next to us... also the people walking or coming at 2am talking on the hall... the beds were worn out and unconfortable..the rates were not bad but not worth what we payed for... this hotel is good in location but they should think about making something regarding the noise!!!!!	
Nov 16 2008 	Bad Hotel!!	Not going to bore everyone with a really long review but overall my stay was awful. My boyfriend and I viewed pictures of the rooms via the website &amp; when we arrived we very shocked with how tiny our bedroom was! The bathroom was also so small you couldn't even get to the sink without shutting the door.Double bed was tiny, our feet hung off the end of the bed &amp; i'm only 5'5''! Most of the staff are foreign and come across very rude. We ordered a film and it didn't work and when I called reception to get them to sort it out for us seeing as though we'd already paid they were very unhelpful!To top it all off when we had breakfast my boyfriend found several hairs within his food from the buffet!	
Nov 10 2008 	We have returned and probably will again	We have now stayed at the Kensinton Close three times (twice with a tour, first and last nights and a three day stay in May 2008 on our own) and probably will again. Granted, the rooms can be considered TINY but with the location (short walk to the Kensington High tube station and bus stops) and the really great full English breakfast we are pretty satisfied.The hotel is a little shabby but we have seen some improvements.We don't use the hotel dining facilities (except for the breakfast) or gym facilities but the Sports Bar is a great place to grab a beer before bed.	
Nov 9 2008 	Perfect Location.	The Kensington Close hotel was the perfect location for our toursit trail of the city. It is less than 5 minutes walk from the nearest Tube Station - Kensington High Street, which is on the circular line. Its also within walking distance of Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park and all the attractions close to these.The hotel room was small but serviceable, it was just a place to lay your head at the end of the day. And it was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Its a lovely area to stay, felt very safe at night and was reaonably quiet at night.	
Oct 24 2008	Bring On "The Hotel Inspector"!!!!	After a painfully slow check in I nearly killed myself in the corridor on the &quot;death trap&quot; carpet hole which was larger than my foot! - Clearly no consideration for health &amp; safety, as I later discovered loads of rips &amp; holes all over carpets, none of which even had so much as a piece of tape on! This is dangerous &amp; irresponsible - or perhaps a gift horse for the &quot;compensation culture&quot;.The quality of accommodation is extremely disappointing &amp; sub-standard - there's absolutely NO WAY it's 4 star. There was mould all over the smelly bathroom, dirt on the headboard &amp; there was not enough room to swing a cat! It was incredibly uncomfortable and difficult to work, and food/drink &amp; wifi prices were a total rip off.Room service was almost cold and the meal was poor quality; breakfast was nothing special &amp; nor was lunch the next day. In fact, some food tasted &quot;off&quot; and after my stay here I was violently ill.Check out was yet another nightmare - they claimed they had no credit card details, but I had personally witnessed these being put into the computer at check in!The conceirge was excellent, but most staff were poorly trained, inattentive and rude. On a positive note, the location is good for shopping and it will probably keep &quot;Health &amp; Safety&quot; &amp; &quot;Food Hygiene&quot; officers &amp; &quot;Hotel Inspectors&quot; employed forever! ;-)	
Oct 17 2008 	BEWARE! Very bad experience at a tourist class hotel	My company selected this hotel for me because of it's Central London location. If you are willing to suffer inattentive staff service that will always keep you waiting, exorbitant WIFI charges, and questionable credit card safety practices, then you might be fine. I, however, expect more of a hotel. From the excessively long wait to check-in, to my door handle falling off in my hand when I tried to enter my room, to the staff not securing my credit card information, I would not be willing to stay here again. If you have very low expectations for where you stay, then you might appreciate the great high street location. That's the only thing going for it.	
Oct 13 2008	Pretty Average	I visited this hotel for two nights with a group. Rooms were ok. I was in a double, it was very small. Clean enough but could do with some updating. Corridors are very tatty.Lobby areas are nice. Didn't eat at the restaurant but the sports bar (forget the name) was good. Didn't use the Gym or Spa. Used one of the meeting rooms. They were fine, however, there was a mix up with the booking (the room had been double booked, I believe) so we were held up for an hour or more with that. The hotel representative wasn't very friendly about it.Also, at check in, our group leader had assigned us room mates, however the hotel had mixed everyone up for some reason.Great location! very close to the Kensington High Street tube station. Handy for hyde park and the albert hall. If I had to go back I would, but I probably wouldn't choose to stay there again.	
Oct 5 2008	orrible room!	I was there with a group for 2 nights.we were supposed to sleep in a 4 star, we paid a lot for the 2 nights to our tour operatorwe aren't young and also we are accustomed to a good level of comfortthe room was a narrow corridor, no more, with a mini-bathroom. linen very old.the mattrasses and moquette quite dirthy.the so called continental breakfast really poorthe people not helpfulnot a four star, not a 3 star, an orrible experience	
Sep 19 2008 	not impressed	we stayed at the kensington close hotel for one night as part of a pre booked package but would not have chosen it ourselves. the lobby and bar were very spacious and nice but over priced. they could of used some of the room from downstairs and put them in the rooms as they were a bit small and pokey. was not enough room for two suitcases. having said that it was clean and we were glad it was for only one night. if you could get this room at a severley discounted rate it would be ok as it has a great location.	
Sep 17 2008 	Avoid - there's much better in London for the same price.	Very average. Rooms are TINY. Bathroom is miniscule with an extremely cramped loo. Room so small the bed is against the wall and you can only get in one side. The headboard ridges had some food or sick on it which had gone dusty which I only noticed the next day. Staff very friendly and polite. Really poor bar and restaurant. As a Londoner, I am embarassed that so many people go through this hotel - there is much, much, much better in London for the same price. If you have low standards and plenty of money or you are part of a tour group (apparently what keeps this hotel going) - then this is the place for you.	
Sep 13 2008 	Expected better	Won a couple of e bay auctions at an ok price.As there were 4 of us tried to book two rooms only to be told the first time there were no vacancies left for e bay rooms.Rang the next day and was able to book one room straight away.We had to upgrade enabling us to get another room(£60.00 for the two nights).Booking in-- no trouble at all.The rooms were small and the bathroom tiny.No chance of allowing two of you in there at the same time.They were also in need of renovation,very sad and tired.The main problem was the noise outside.If your room was in the front of the building below there was a taxi rank and also a spot where quite a few coaches turned or parked with their engines running.This started at approx 4.30 am and stopped at approx 12.30am.The second night we thought a few drinks would help but couldnot get a drink past 1.30 as the bar closed.What hotel of that size in this day and age shuts the bar then.I cannot complain about the breakfast,as was expected croissants and rolls but no cheese,ham or eggs.,and if you wanted a full breakfast it looked very tasty.I am really glad I did not pay the full tariff as I would be a very unhappy and disappointed bunny.Would I go again-not on your nellie.!!!	
Sep 8 2008 	Nice enough but overpriced and not 4*	We have just returned from a night away at the Kensington Close hotel. My partner booked this hotel as part of a theatre package and based his decision on its location and the fact it was a 4 star hotel. The location I cannot fault at all and it is brilliant literally just around the corner from the tube and just off Kensington High Street. Upon arrival it was evident immediately that this was not a 4* star hotel. The carpets were worn and the place looked a bit run down. At checkin the nice man upgraded us to an Executive room as the standard rooms he said were very very small. We were thrilled at this looking forward to the luxuries that one would expect from a Executive room in a 4* hotel. The room itself was not what you would call executive! Upon arriving at the door we saw the peep hole hanging out of the door not a great first impression. The room itself was small and compact and I would dread to think how small the standard was. I know the hotel have repeatedly stated that the room sizes are standard for central London but I am sorry I have stayed in many hotels in Central London over the years and none have been that small. Facilities in the room included nothing more than a trouser press, small tv with only channels 1-5 and a kettle. Not quite what you would call Executive. The room itself was clean as was the bathroom but it was old and very tired. THere was a lot of mildew and gunk in between the tiles in the bathroom, stains on the furniture and tears and marks on the wall. The bed was a standard double but was so springy I spent the entire night clinging on trying not to fall out of the bed. The biggest bug bear for me was the noise from the back of the hotel. We could not have the windows open as there was an extremely loud noise which sounded like the air conditioning units or generator. This was non stop the entire time we were there. Breakfast the next day I have to say was good. Loads and loads of choice and no cheap sausages in sight. I would recommend this hotel based on its location and its adequate facilities however I would not recommend it as a luxury 4* hotel as you would be bitterly disappointed. Overpriced for what it offers but a good basic hotel.	
Aug 27 2008 	swapped rooms for a cupboard	We arrived late mroning before a room was ready and were given keys to return after the theatre show. On our return we were told our room had been changed and we then found ourselves in a tiny room which stank of cigarette smoke and the sliding bathroom door wouldn't close. We complained to the duty manager who had no other rooms left. They had given our original room to someone else who obviously didn't like the one we ended up with. We were promised the customer relations person would contact us but they didn't. I wouldn't let my cat stay here	
Aug 20 2008 	impersonal and ok	We arrived late and was told they didn't have a room for us, so they'd give us a club room and to come down the next day to get the type of room we reserved (and we paid in full two months in advance). Also asked if we wanted to put down 200 pounds for pre arranged credit!! The club room was incredibly small despite their photo showing a small table and chairs. The satellite tv had message &quot;sorry not available&quot; for the entire stay. The down comforter was a little warm. It'd be nice to have just a sheet for summer time. We went down the next day to get our room around 12 p.m. only to find a good queue at the front desk. We had brought luggage. After waiting several minutes, we noted some people were just jumping the queue and going right to the desk. They sure could use a queue lineup barrier and sign &quot;queue here&quot;. When it was finally our turn, they said they'd check with housekeeping. Of course house keeping didn't have any rooms. We were told to come back in 30 minutes. We came back and they still didn't have any rooms available. (Good thing we left suitcases upstairs with one elevator working). Later, I asked myself, why doesn't reception call us when a room is available, why do we constantly have to ask reception? Eventually, we did get the room, but it was somewhat smokey. After all that, we pretty much lost a full day of what we needed to be doing instead of wandering around the hotel getting a room.The breakfast was good, but beware of rude people jumping in front of you everywhere. Sometimes food stuffs ran out, but they seemed to eventually refill.As others probably stated, internet costs and it only works on a couple floors - 4th and around the lobby. The room was a little rough. Scratches/broken bits of formica on furniture, mold in bathroom, carpeting seemed to need a hot water cleaning etc.. One day, we noticed some blood or something on the towels. Satellite button did not work on remote. Too tired usually to stay up late to watch only 5 channels of tv.During checkout, the person said we'd have to pay extra for the club room. We told them the story and apparently even though they said they'd note on computer when we checked in, he didn't say anything about the note.Otherwise location to tube and restaurants is good. A fair amount of hallway noise from time to time. Outside noise not bad.It'd be nice to have a refrigerator in room, which the club room had. Our other four star hotel had a refrigerator in every room.	
Jul 25 2008 	Blood on the bed mould in the bathroom!	Very small rooms, mould in the bathroom and blood stains on the bed!Hotel was full so couldn't change rooms and for the price you paid you would at least expect a clean room for supposedly 4 star hotel.Great location though and rooms very quiet.	
Jul 21 2008 	One bad experience after another	I booked this hotel for a two night stay with my wife and infant son for its excellent location and its swimming pool (you pay €5 to use the pool; I have no difficulty with this). I requested a standard double room with a travel cot and received a prompt reply from reservations that this would be arranged. First impressions were good - when we checked in we were told (without asking) that the cot was already set up in the room (Room 379). On arriving in the room there was no cot and there was no space in which to assemble a cot. I left my wife and (tired) son and went back to the front desk. The receptionist told me that she would send the cot up and that she could do nothing about the size of the room - noting that this was the standard size of all double rooms in the hotel. I told her that I wanted a room fit for purpose (i.e. we would gladly stay in the room if you could fully open the door into the room without hitting the cot). I also produced the email confirming our booking of a double with cot. She then suggested that I should pay to upgrade to a larger room. I refused. After a long wait, while she consulted with management, we were 'upgraded to an executive room' (Room 3001). This turned out to be a normal-size double room, comparable with other 3* and 4* hotels in London. No-one offered to help us with our luggage - either when we arrived or when we switched rooms.Next morning the spray head of the shower was missing. Standing under the shower was like washing under a garden hose. At 8.30 am I rang housekeeping who promised to deal with the matter. I told the lady that we would be out of the room all day (apart from 12 noon to 2pm; when my son has his nap). I also told her that I needed the shower available by 6pm (as we were going to an evening party). I was told not to worry. On returning at 12 noon, no action had been taken. At my request, housekeeping made a follow-up call to maintenance. The maintenance guy arrived and stated that the problem might not be fixed if a part was not available. Housekeeping then rang and suggested that we move room. I asked to speak to the manager, who rang and offered a room change. I was unwilling to change room due to the further disruption involved (it was a 2-night stay and we had already moved once). I reluctantly agreed with the manager that we would use the showers in the swimming pool free of charge. All of this happened between 12 noon and 2pm, when my little boy was trying to sleep.We returned after a fantastic afternoon in the nearby Princess Diana Memorial Playground (in Kensington Gardens; great for kids). When we arrived at the swimming pool we were asked to pay admission of £5 each. I explained that we were pre-authorised. The girl at the pool made a telephone enquiry to the front desk and was told that we should not be allowed into the shower area unless we paid. I personally rang front desk and explained everything that had happened since we arrived and noted that we were under time pressure. She asked me to wait 'about 10 minutes' while she spoke to the manager. I told her that I would not wait and was going in straight away. It is a nice facility - but I could not relax after the unpleasantness with the front desk. Fortunately, there were no difficulties when we went back for our showers next morning. In summary, the hotel is well located and has potential to be a good mid-range hotel. I believe responsiblity for the problems encountered primarily rests with the senior management of the hotel - many of the staff we encountered were unsure how to proceed and were unwilling to take even the most obvious steps to help their guests without talking to management first. I filled a coment card with my email address on leaving and look forward to hearing from the hotel in due course.	
Jul 9 2008 	close...	The main reason I chose this hotel was because they had advertised free internet, which was not the case. In fact, it was 10 pounds for 2hours. There wasn't a complimentary breakfast (probably normal). Everything else in the room was fine.The best thing about our stay there was the concierge service. Not only did we get 8th row seats when we inquired about the musical Wicked, but we were also completely taken care of whenever we had a question. We had to schedule a last minute flight to paris and we got alot of help getting directions involving the underground, a taxi, and bus. Loved them.The front desk wasn't that great either, not interested in helping at all.Overall, the stay was decent.	
Jul 7 2008	convenient location	This is a nice, clean, very large and well located hotel. However, the rooms are cubicle-sized and if you are relegated to the bowels of the rooms located at the far end of the hotel (above the sports bar) be prepared to hear plumbing noises throughout the night.	
Jul 5 2008	Ok a bit drab around the edges	My teenage daughter and I stayed at the Kensington for five nights this June. The outward appearance of the hotel and physical structure was fine, but we found our room a bit lacking in the details. It never seemed like the carpet got vaccumed and I don't feel we got fresh sheets. The bathroom had obviously been remodeled, but the hot and cold were reversed in the sink and the cold knob took a bit of jiggling to get it to work. My daughter used the onsite internet(for a fee) and the computers kept crashing. The staff was helpful but not overly friendly. I'm not sure we would stay here again, but we loved the neighborhood!	
Jun 28 2008	what a hole	stay in this hotel at the end of a cosmos tour. It was the smallest room we stay in 44 days. The double bed was against the wall, so you had to crawl over one another to get out of bed. You had to reverse into the toilet it was like a long closet. The shower was down the end of the bath in another hole, and you had to climb over the taps and spout, the handle to help you was down the other end of the bath with a wall on the other side that you could not reach. There was nowhere to put your suit case and the room was so small... avoid it costs us $300 aud a night	
Jun 18 2008 	Don' t bother	Hello everyoneWe stayed at the Kensington close hotel the previous December since we chose London for our Christmas hoidays. We chose this hotel among others (we were given a list from our travel agent) mostly because its reasonable price. Apart from that,.we had seen photos of the hotel and the rooms on the internet and on the photos the rooms seemed cozy, clean and comfortable. Of course,we were aware of the fact that the rooms would be small, but not THAT small as they finally turned out to be.Do you know what was the first thing we did when we arrived and were led to our room? We immediately dashed out and bought sheets and blankets.No way would we would lay our bodies and cover ourselves with these sheets, they seemed that they had not be cleaned for a long time. Now as far as the room which we were given is concerned,it was so small that there was not enough space for our luggage and personal belongings.I suppose that one could say that we could have used the wardrobe, but it was so dirty that we didn t even think to leave anything in there. The carpet was filthy,too. The toilet was ok and there were clean towels though.The bed was on one side of the wall. Above it there was a window.Well, we soon realised that the handle was broken. As a result the room was cold, especially in the night.(even though the heating was on). We heard that other people from our group were dealing with the same problem but nothingwas done for it during the 4 days we stayed there.The breakfast buffet was average. They provided mostly english breakfast which is not what we are used to. What we found really annoying was that every morning we had to wait in the line in order to have breakfast,(sometimes up to 25 minutes) even though we woke up really early (8 o' clock) just beause we wanted to avoid this kind of a situation. This is unacceptable for a 4 star hotel in our opinion.Above that, we soon realised that our sheets were not changed daily as we think they should have been. In particular, not once were they changed during the 5 days we stayed in this hotel. All they did was change the towels in the toilet, leave toilet paper and... that' s it. It is a 4 star hotel, if they leave the same sheets for 4 or 5 days, leave the room dirty, leave the damages it makes you wonder, what do they really do?And for what reason were 4 stars given to this hotel?Mayby only because of it s location?We must say though that the people at the reception were kind and willing to help. Nevertheless, we had a great time in London(we tried to stay away from our room as much as possible) and will surely come back in the future, but not in this hotel.	
May 30 2008 	Distinctly Average - Go somewhere else if you can. Not 4*	Arrived around 10:30pm - check-in was polite and friendly. Room had a strange odour which I later discovered was due to a patch of wet carpet in the corner of the room (too tired to report and get a different room). Room was OK (just) but in need of maintenance; room door lock didn't work properly but security chain OK, bathroom tired, desk draw broken, paintwork tatty etc. Checked out late after working in room; there were queues of tourists at the reception but only one person operating check-out although I counted five staff milling around apparently oblivious to the mounting anger of those in the queue! In the end, those of us with appointments to keep just left our keys at the desk and walked out. The Tara hotel next door is much better and I wish I had gone there.	
May 27 2008	Kensington close is the worst hotel I have stayed at in years	Kensington Close Hotel = DisasterStay Clear If You CanHow It Gets A 4-Star Rating Is A Mystery, that I will inquire about , it is a 2 star at bestI chose this hotel for this location and the fact they were offering free wifi (which they actually werent). I have prepaid 3 days, and it was so bad I only stayed 2.For one thing the hotel location is good (though Kensington high street tube station is only really on the circle line , and trains run very scarcely).For anything else, the hotel is a disaster,They are charging GBP 15 a day ($30!!!) for wifi internet access, and when I asked the hotel manager why it was advertised free , they said it was a mistake, but they were happy to offer me a 2 hour access voucher , which was insulting to me as I was staying there for 3 daysEverything else is a supplement, USD 10 if you want to use the gym/spa, USD 4 if you order room service, etc.THe room was minuscule and very very tired, smelled badly of smoke, the bathroom tiny, and the tub had rust all over it.	
May 26 2008 	So Comfortable	I spent a week in London by myself, just sight-seeing and goofing off, and the Kensington was great. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, the room was very clean every single day, the food was good, along with the room service, laundry service and the spa. (Seriously the best massage I have ever had!)As a single woman I was always comfortable and felt incredibly safe at the hotel and would suggest it to anyone. The concierge got me all the theater tickets I wanted, gave me a thousand sets of directions and helped me pick day trips to take from the city. Oh, and the location is so close to the Tube that it was convenient and so nice on my tired feet at the end of a long day!London is an awesome trip period, but a great hotel made it even more enjoyable.	
May 21 2008 	Friendly Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for six nights as part of a tour group. A friend and I shared a double room with two single beds, and our other friend had a single room with a double bed. Room was small, but we expected that. Adequate closet and shelf space. We liked being able to open the window for fresh air. Hair dryer was in a desk drawer. Toilet was in its own small space and toilet paper holder was in the way, but this was minor. Staff was friendly and helpful. We had stored our luggage in a locked basement room until our rooms were ready, when I realized I needed my prescription drugs. I was taken down immediately to retrieve my drugs. We liked the area of the hotel, with a Boots (drugstore) just down the street, and Kensington High Street tube station a two minute walk away. We especially enjoyed a little tea shop, The Muffin Man, a half block away. This is a lovely London neighborhood, with Kensington Gardens a five minute walk from the hotel.	
May 19 2008	Good but.......	Good hotel, staff great. However did not like the £5 service charge on ordering 2 drinks,. I like to give tips if the service has been outstanding, not made to pay for it .Spoilt a good hotel.	
May 13 2008	Ok but small room	Nice hotel, very small room. The room was clean and tidy	
May 8 2008 	Has potential but some way to go yet. Still good overall though	The location is great, just around the corner from Kensington High Street tube station and the building clearly has potential.Check-in was fast and friendly, the room was, well, let's just say small even for London standards but clean and, hey, how much time do you spend in the room anyway other than for sleeping (if you answer more than 5 hours per day consider upgrading to one of the hotel's club rooms, which surely must be bigger).The shower was powerful enough and hot (the same cannot be said for some other hotels in central London) and the air conditioning was excellent.Had a drink in the sports bar - huge space, I think it will probably get fairly loud there when a big game is on, but then there are plenty of other watering holes in the vicinity of the hotel.The steak restaurant looked lovely when I walked past and I heard good things about it.The garden behind the hotel could be a hidden gem if cleaned up a bit and with additional tables/service.The room was quite at night, too.Overall an okay central London hotel. which I would certainly recommend if you get a good rate and are after a central location.	
May 1 2008	Overall Good	We stayed in this hotel during a 4 day stay in London. The hotel was clean, well stocked, and in close proximity to the tube. The rooms were small, but it is London. The restaurant and sports pub had courteous and attentive staff. The front desk staff always broke change for the phone with no complaint. Breakfast was decent. We did get started on the wrong foot though. We had reserved a room with twin beds, but upon arrival there was not one available until the next morning. We were placed into separate rooms. That lasted about 10 minutes. I called the desk and told the staff…NO WAY. (550 rooms and not a single room to accommodate my reservation?) After we lugged our luggage back down to reception, they placed us in a room with a double bed. We compromised.All and all we were satisfied and would stay again. It is a good location, nice staff, and adequate food service.	
Apr 25 2008	If my firm didn't book this place I'd never go again	Changed jobs and hotels! Previously had meetings in country house hotels but current company chooses central London. The location of this hotel is good - on the Central Line which connects you to all major sites. Whilst I accept that rooms will be smaller and more expensive in Central London, and that the country house hotel has to offer superb service and food to attract customers to the middle of nowhere, this hotel really needs to buck up.Room on sixth floor (643 I think) was booked as a double for single occupancy. The bed was very small and pushed up against the wall, with very little space around it. If my husband had been with me, we either would have had a fun intimate night or the one on the outside would have fallen out of bed. I went to open the window, already noticing the faded curtains, and found mold growing on the nets. Not impressed. The view was of a courtyard (read concrete square) containing skips. At four in the morning, the refuse trucks turned up to empty them. The end of sleep.Bathroom a small, odd shape, but adequate. Didn't try bar or evening meal.Breakfast average buffet fare - if you are lucky the eggs are freshly cooked, and you can pick the best bits of everything else.On checking out was charged £30 a night over quoted rate - just paid, company sorts out that sort of thing. But may be a big deal for a family who stayed a few nights.	
Apr 24 2008 	Great Location!!	I stayed here with my two friends in late March. We arrived early to have our bags stored until check-in later that day which was very helpful. No problems whatsoever.When we did eventually check-in our twin room was very small, however for the time spent in the room it wasn't a problem at all! The single room was much bigger but as I said for the time spent there it didn't put a downer on our trip!The hotel is right down the road from the tube station and is very easy to find! The hotel is in a great location with plenty of amenities on the High Street but plenty more located a few minutes away on the tube.Buffet breakfast was fine, always plenty of hot food out. Although the continental lacked fresh fruit. However we never went hungry at breakfast! Always something to pick from.We booked through a website called skoosh and got a really good deal considering the location of the hotel. Staff are always more than happy to help, especially with directions and advice on where to go. No complaints at all... However, if booking don't expect big rooms (same can be said about most hotels in London of course!)	
Apr 22 2008	Really smart and clean room - great beds!	A last minute booking, but fantastic location. The hotel is really close to good restaurants and bars. The room wasn't huge, but it was smart, clean and above all had a fantastically comfy and huge bed... Staff were really friendly and helpful. There's movies to choose from if you need entertainment but with lots of places to go so close by we didn't actually spend much time in the room. Slightly hungover, the powerful shower was much appreciated in the morning. Would definitely stay here again for a city break.	
Apr 21 2008	the only thing going for this hotel is the location	The service was extremely slow on check in, only to find they had booked us into a double not a twin room. Very small double bed, a 4ft I'd say. The breakfast was dreadful, poor standard especially the full english! I would not stay here again, the hotel is shabby and needs a revamp.	
Apr 13 2008 	Very small room	Stayed just one night in the hotel. Although overall the hotel was ok - nice bar and breakfast etc. The actual bedroom was very small, considering it was supposed to be a double. Also, my partner is 6ft and the bed certainly wasn't!! his feet hung over the end - so not only was it a small bedroom the bed was small as well. Great situation but not sure if I would bother staying there again - especially the rates they charge	
Apr 3 2008 	Wonderful hotel	Our trip was overall amazing. The power in our room did go out one night and when I spoke to the manager about not having to pay for a portion of that night he almost yelled at us for not taking another room... which we would have done except it was dark and I was afraid of leaving some of our stuff behind. In the end we got $14 refunded. We staid for nine days though and that was the only bad thing that happened. Our room was huge and had a wonderful view of the city. It was more than I had expected. I would absolutely suggest staying here. One more suggestion, avoid the thai restaraunt down the street. It was suprisingly expensive (more than just being in London) and the food was on the verge of gross.	
Mar 27 2008	Better than expected	This Hotel was not bad at all. The Location is what really makes it a 4 star in my opinion.Because I was traveling with a group we didn't get the best of services and perks. Like no porter met us to carry the luggage in our out when departing. But I wasn't expecting it either.The locatiion in excellent. Right around the corner from everything. Kensington High Street and Tube station. There are several places to shop and eat. The hotel is situated in a quiet neighborhood. Flower boxed homes surrounded with wrought iron fences. There is a fab coffee shop right up the street. Something you wouldn't expect hidden there. Try Brasserie Chez Gerard at 9 Kensington High Street. The food and service were outstanding.The hotel was clean and decent. Mostly business people. 3 or 4 computers in the business center. A little shop selling water, trinkets and etc. We had one dinner and 2 breakfast's there. The dinner was a buffet and it was OK. The breakfast was OK. I hated the coffee (just IMHO) and ended up having tea at both breakfast's. Breakfast was baked beans, eggs, sausage, under cooked bacon, toast, canned fruit, bread, butter, jams and pastries. I'm sure you could get much better if you head out to High Street.The Hotel staff were not the friendliest to us, but then again I am traveling with 38 people mostly teenagers. One hotel staff member actually smiled at me and was friendly. On the day we left.I would stay at this hotel again and recommend it.	
Mar 27 2008 	We love the Kensington Close!	We (my 3 daughter and I) traveled to London for Holiday from March 15 thru March 21, 2008. Our absolutely fabulous travel agent (Sally Black) from vacationkids.com booked our hotel stay at the Kensington Close. We were extrememly satisfied with her choice of hotels! The Kensington Close may be an older hotel, BUT.....the well trained staff, great service and cleanliness of the hotel more than make up for the fact that this is not a &quot;Brand new Hotel!&quot; Our room was very clean, and comfortable. A bit small by American Standards, but we were not there to just &quot;stay&quot; in the room. The &quot;English Breakfast&quot; was great! Plenty of everything, and kept very fresh. Even the pickiest of eater will find something they can enjoy......breakfast pastry, fresh fruits, cereals, eggs, sausage, bacon, etc. The Sports Bar located inside the Hotel has a very friendly staff, more than willing to accomodate you on special orders. My girls and I enjoyed a couple of soccer games and lunch there....very tasty! The hotel offers you entrance to their on-site spa/gym/pool (at a nominal fee of 5GBP per person) and is more than adequate. There is an on-site gift shop with friendly staff. And the concierge desk and doorman were a great help and always greeted you with a smile! Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The location is great....close to shopping, the tube, restaurants, museums, etc. Just a quick 10 minute trip by Taxi to Picadilly, Oxford, etc. and a short walk from the Portobello Road (Antiques) area. We love it!!!!	
Mar 24 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Access	This was the first time that I had traveled abroad and with few exceptions, it was a fantastic experience in large part due to the access that this hotel had provided me to the area. It is close (around the corner and down 1 block) to an underground station, which in turn can take you throughout London. If you want to check your e-mail, there is an Internet Cafe about 2 blocks away on the main street (I wouldn't recommend their Internet stations as they are slow and expensive) and if you need to make phone calls, there are plenty of phone booths available (again, expensive service to use the in suite phone). Used the bar: good food and good drink, nice patio at night.Great experience and I would use them again when I am back in London.	
Mar 24 2008 	Location is the only selling point!	I stayed for 5 nights due to study/exams in London that week - the hotel advertised executive rooms with desks and working facilities - I think McDonalds have better facilities!Overall review - a very tired hotel that can charge a fortune simply due to location (£180/night).I had several problems with the room during the week - there was not enough bedding (I was cold in the night); the 3 windows wouldn't shut properly (not good in November); the shower wouldn't turn off any morning; we had a fire alarm at 6am and no direction from staff when outside the building.I complained about these issues during my stay and afterwards and still haven't had any response!	
Mar 19 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Myself and my cousin stayed here for 2 nights. I was a bit worried about the place because I had looked at the pictures on this site but I needn't have worried. When we arrived we were greeted by a friendly, chatty doorman who carried our bags in. The check-in was quick and staff were very friendly. The room was lovely. There were 2 downsides, although they were minor. The first was the room wasn't well lit. Secondly, the towel rail kept falling out of the holder but it was easy to put it back in. The breakfast was lovely. It was a buffet, you were brought to your table and you could go up and help yourself. It wasn't too busy so we weren't held up. The area is perfect for a quite stay and also good for shopping. The tube is just around the corner but you're better off cutting through Boots to get there quicker. We also went to book in for a manicure but there was a problem with the supplier so we couldn't get it done. The staff there were very helpful and very pleasant and recommended a place around the corner that we could go to.I would definitely recommend this place to my friends. I would also definitely stay again.	
Mar 14 2008	Okay Hotel	It's an okay hotel. I wouldn't stay more than a couple of nights. It seems quite old fashioned! defo needs refurbished!!. Staff are very friendly. The location is ideal right next to the tube. Breakfast was a big disappointment. Toast was cold, hot chocolate was cold and not a great selection of food.	
Mar 11 2008 	Too Far out of City Centre	We had the choice of 2 hotels via a voucher by brother had bought us for christmas with a show,This looked lovely, but the room was a £99 a night so I upgraded to the Club room £199 and changed it for 2 nights, and paid the extra, the 1st room they put us in was not big enough to walk around the bed it was rediculously small with a queen size bed. | asked the maid if all the rooms were this small she showed me a £99 room next door that was at least 4 times bigger that the 1 I was in, I complained and they gave us the choice of 4 other rooms and we settled on 1 which was alot bigger and overlooked the street in front of the hotel, also for £199 per night you were only given continental breakfast I asked for full english and they wanted me to pay £2,95 extra each, I refused it wasn't the cost it was the principle, I made a fuss and they upgraded breakfast free of charge.The conceirge was fantastic very helpful, and so was the doorman. You cannot get a hot meal after 10 oclock at night we were told we could come back after the show and get one and that wasn't true we had to have sandwiches, we would have stayed out if we had really known that.The hotel is too far out, if you want to be where the shops, shows and museums are etc this is not the place for you, Kensington has very little shops, and each taxi ride was at least £10/12 into the centre. The hotel was very clean though, but I wouldn't stay there again because of its location.	
Mar 9 2008 	Bleacckkkk...	I just was not a fan of this place. It's really large and has absolutely no character. The room was teeny-tiny (and yes, I'm used to small rooms in London, but this took the cake). The bed was oh-so-uncomfortable, with springs piercing into my back. The view of the metal HVAC roof left much to be desired, particularly in that area of town. The tub/shower leaked, leaving about a 1/4&quot; of water on the floor. There was a fire alarm at 4 a.m. And there was just a funny smell about the hotel, akin to a vet's office. There was also a cigarette smell, even on my [non-smoking] floor. The one good thing? The location was right around the corner from the tube, though I found it difficult to navigate around when the District and Circle lines were closed. Sigh...I would definitely not stay there again. I have stayed in much nicer places for less cost and would be apt to visit any one of them ahead of the Kensington Close.	
Feb 23 2008 	Average hotel good location in Kensington	Stayed here as part of a Cosmos tour. The front desk staff are not speedy and our first room was in the rear of the hotel and obviously had seen better days. Stark and poorly furnished, I felt like we'd been shown to a cell instead of a room! I called down and requested a transfer to a room in the front, which was much nicer. The included breakfasts are good and with a lot of variety. The hotel is a short walk to Kensington High street with places to shop and eat and a short walk to the tube station. If you want a simple and reasonable light meal try the small cafe in the Marks and Spencer store, sandwiches and soups that are reasonably priced. The location is okay and the hotel is nice enough if you want to stay someplace on the discount end. Our second room was clean and the beds were comfortable. We returned from an outing to find our room keys didn't work and the front desk informed us we'd checked out, which of course we hadn't. It was all settled well, though, and I am having my family stay here this summer, so would stay here again for the price and location. The hotel won't be the highlight of your trip, but it's adequate.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great Hotel!	I booked a 2 night stay at this hotel for a large group attending a conference at Earls Court, and was impressed from my initial enquiry at the way the booking was handled. Communication from the hotel was excellent, and a wide range of requests were accommodated without a fuss.The location off Kensington High Street is excellent (near shops, bars and restaurants but off the main road so surprisingly quiet), and hotel was easy to find. Our coach was able to access the hotel to drop off/pick up easily. As I had sent guest details in advance the group check-in was very quick and easy. Reception staff, concierge and duty manager were all polite, friendly and helpful throughout our stay.I booked a mix of standard twin and double rooms for our party, and I was a little concerned about the size of the rooms after reading the reviews. They are not huge but no smaller than many other hotels I have used. Large wardrobes provided more than enough storage space. Space in the bathroom was a little tight, but it did have a full size bath with overhead shower, and was very clean. I cannot comment on the English breakfast as we took the continental, which was fresh and plentiful, including cereals, toast, fruit, breads, pastries, tea and coffee, and fruit juices. The Sports Bar in the hotel was busy both nights of our stay, and although expensive (as hotel bars usually are), it had a nice atmosphere and friendly staff again.Overall, a good location , comfortable accommodation and excellent value for money (especially if you call directly and haggle a little!). I will definitely use this hotel again	
Feb 17 2008 	Surprisingly awful	This hotel was recommended to me by a friend who gave it rave reviews. I personally found the hotel dirty and the room I had was so small I there was no room to store my suitcase. When I returned to my room after it had been 'cleaned' I found hairs on the bathroom floor (definitely not mine). If there’s one thing I can’t stand, it’s other people’s hairs. Also the very small TV only had 5 channels.It seems like this hotel has vastly different rooms so I would recommend if you are given a small room, ask to be moved.Also the leisure facilities are charged at £5 per day - something I wasn't aware of when booking.	
Feb 12 2008 	Excellent Location Friendly and efficient Staff Outstanding Rooms A++!!	This hotel is by far outstanding for the price and location! Not only are the staff friendly, it's coupled with efficient service, great facilities and contemporary and chic rooms with great corporate prospects! I saw some of the mixed reviews on this website and was a little doubtful with everything I had read; however, from staying there this weekend it has completely changed my mind! Even before I got there, I had a few special requests as my partner and I are both vegetarians and there were a few other requests also. The lady at reservations was not only very efficient and prompt in her email responses, but was extremely resourceful and did everything to help us! She had even got in touch with various other departments in the hotel in order for our requests to be satisfied. When I got to the hotel, it is so easy to find, literally a 2-3 minute walk from the station away from the hustle and bustle at the end of the street in a quiet location but convenient enough to be near High Street Kensington station and a range of shops!  The check in was relatively simple with extremely friendly staff and a concierge service (to check your bags in early) which was great! We had a room a little larger than the standard, but even seeing a friend's standard room looked to be an average size especially for the rates and location!  Our room in fact was great, it had a little seating area also with a table for breakfast where you can either have continental sent to your room (where they even let you pick what you want and send a paper within 10 minutes of ordering!) or the English we had paid for with great service, hot food, loads of choice in quite a nice large restaurant room (senses). The room had a very clean and well decorated shower/bath as well as a Fridge, Ironing Board, a lot of cupboard and walking space and a desk with a nice view out to the street (not sure if Fridge is in the standard rooms though!). It also had a TV with a range of movies, and standard channels. The hotel also has quite an exquisite in dining menu which provides a range of cuisine for all different tastes and preferences.  The restaurant does serve good food with an emphasis on the value for money, and do take special requests into consideration as the staff are generally quite friendly (and actually want to be there). There is a strong sense of community feeling amongst the staff, which was nice to see. They also have regular events and sports shown at the Lion Bar and a nice steak house restaurant and a garden (I think) for just relaxing! It has a lot of spaces just to chill out including the iBay (computer area) and various seating areas around the hotel with quite a modern cosy style. The corporate rooms are great, especially for the value for money and especially as one cannot even hear the outside corridors once inside (which is brilliant!) and can accommodate even large groups of people. They also have swimming pool and spa facilities which by far is a cut above the rest of some of the hotels one sees in central London. This is open from 7am -9.30am every day I believe. This is great if you just want to unwind and relax after a long day, and isn't available in a lot of hotels for the price you pay. I strongly disagree that this is a three star hotel, as it is edging now towards definitely four and nearly five star as it provides a wonderful service and provided me with a great weekend. Even though my partner was ill throughout the night, the night staff at Housekeeping, Reception, Room Service collaborated together to do everything possible to help my partner (medicines, hot packs etc...) whilst keeping in contact to let us know of the progress which was helpful to say the least!  This hotel has great prospects for corporate clients due to the location, for young singles looking to have a great weekend, families who want to unwind due to the leisure facilities, older travellers due to the general efficiency of the staff and generally everyone as the hotel can accommodate for all types of people and still provide a 5* service!After my stay, I shall definitely be staying there once more and shall post some pictures up of the hotel once I have uploaded them from my camera.The duty manager was extremely helpful as was a lady at reservations especially, and the three girls who helped during the stay at reception, including all the night staff! I would definitely recommend it, as it is such a friendly hotel with great facilities in such a convenient location with good transport links. They will definitely expect to see me again as a valued customer in the near future!	
Feb 11 2008 	Actually a nice hotel	After reading mixed reviews on here i was very scared about arriving to a rubbish hotel and told my friend if it is that bad we can just go an find something better. BUT...We arrived at 2pm and got checked in really quickly, told clearly where our room was and the reception staff were polite and friendly.In the room: the twin room was two single beds, which were clean, nice space for clothes and desk area with large mirror. Long mirror opposite the bathroom. In the bathroom everything was clean and the shower was very powerful and hot. The loo is hidden behind the door and in tiny space but sort yourself out in the bathroom then back on to the loo and your ok! The spa area wasnt working but the pool was nice and clean and the ladies changing rooms were as well.The bar food - lions bar - in the hotel was ok and the drinks were reflective of london drink prices.The tube station is a few mins walk from the hotel. Also boots, M&amp;S and local banks too.The room was ok for two people and not spending much time in the hotel, we used it to shower, change, watch a bit of TV and sleep and it was worth the money. I stop in london a fair bit and and have to say this is just what i expected for the money paid.	
Feb 8 2008 	Extremely small rooms!	I stayed here as I was attending a trade show in the olympia in kensington. The location was great for that purpose. However I found the rooms really small. We booked a standard room at a reasonable enough price. The room was filled up with the double bed and I had to climb over my partner to get out of it! On the second day our room was cleaned but the cleaning staff left a wet dirty pillow case behind them and left it on my partners jacket!! There are only 5 channels on the tv with no news channel! The bar was nice and the staff were helpful regarding tube info etc... The location was good just 2 mins from high street kensington tube station. All in all the hotel was okay for a business weekend but I would not recommend it to anyone for a pleasure weekend! I had stayed in the berkely court hotel 3 weeks previously for one quater of the price and the rooms were much bigger!I will not be returning to this hotel when I return to London!!	
Feb 4 2008 	Convenient Location	We had large twin beds in a compact room typical of mid range London hotels. Bathroom was also very small. Generally looks tired. We picked this hotel because it was the starting point for our Cosmos Tour. Location is great about 10 minutes to the High Street Kensington tube station. Close to the shopping area of Kensington and some restaurants. Within walking distance to Kensington Palace.	
Feb 3 2008 	Good hotel in an easy accessible location	The Kensington Close was a good hotel in an easy accessible location. Staff at the hotel were friendly and efficient. There are two restaurants, a bar, lounge, swimming pool, spa and gym all on site. Room was clean and fully equipped on arrival. Full colour TV with BBC1, BBC 2, ITV, four and five. Bathroom had a bath with overhead shower. Beds were comfy. Overall good value for money, for one nights stay.It’s a shame that there’s a few disappointing reviews, however we had an enjoyable stay.	
Feb 1 2008 	Basic room good service	I booked this hotel through work and anticipated that as it was 4 stars and in a good location, it would be a comfortable place to stay. I'd selected a standard twin room, and following reading other reviews, expected it to be small...it was! The room contained 2 single beds with basic bedding, a desk, small cupboard and a bathroom. The beds had less than a metre space between them and the wall, so a tight squeeze for 2 people. There was a small portable tv with 5 analogue channels, a kettle and cups with drink sachets, however no hairdrier and limited storage space. The lock on the door was broken, although I made do and I didn't get a code for the safe in the room, so had to take my valuables with me. The best aspect about this hotel is the staff. All very friendly and helpful. I was left a bit disappointed as the standard rooms don't pass as 4 star. It was much more like budget accommodation, although I've heard the club bedrooms are more comfotable.	
Jan 27 2008 	Good Location - ok hotel	Hotel staff friendly, we arrived early and were allowed to check straight in. We had a twin room which was very small but ok. Bathroom ok but could have been a lot bigger and cleaner. Staff do try to help with requests but language barrier a little hard (most do not speak fluent english) Breakfasts ok a bit cafeteria style quite basic, ate in hotel resterant one night which was ok but not worth the money. Did not eat there again after that. Location is really good. Staff do try to help i cannot fault them for that altogether OK if you plan on being out all day and only need a good location and bed it would be fine.	
Jan 16 2008 	Don't bother.	My friend and I booked a room for 6 nights. The first room they gave us was so small that we both kept laughing at the fact that we could reach over and poke each other in the arm from our respective beds. The beds seemed smaller than average twins, my feet hung over the end. (I'm 5'11) This first room was also directly over the pub and the loud thumping of the music and peoples conversations made it impossible to fall asleep. The following morning we asked if the room could be changed as it was just too loud. We got the identical shoe box sized room one floor up. The next day after we showered and got dressed I left my towel (the one I brought from home because hotel towels are usually very small, and I'm tall) to dry over my suitcase. (I should add that it was a very nice large towel with an obvious logo on it) The book I had been reading was left on the night stand next to the book my friend had been reading. Upon returning to our room that evening we found the book jacket for my book on her book and my book completely gone. My towel was taken as well. We looked around the room and realized our things had been gone through, but nothing else was missing. We called the front desk, they were completely useless. They promised us a manager would call us. It took three days for someone to contact us. (We went to the desk twice a day to ask for a manager.) No apologies were made. No restitution. Nothing. The people working there as well as the management we dealt with were completely incompetent. I would only recommend this hotel to someone traveling alone that has no luggage and a lot of money to waste. Otherwise, there are plenty of lovely B&amp;Bs and other hotels nearby with much more to offer at a much more reasonable rate. (And the desk staff we encountered at those hotels were awesome.) I can only say, read EVERY review and decide for yourself. I will say there was a yummy thai food place just across the street. I highly recommend that.	
Jan 15 2008 	Terrible - stay away	I can't believe that this hotel is supposedly a 4 star, i can't think why - i guess that it must be the crazy way they do the star ratings - mainly based on facilities.Rooms are small and grubby, bathroom dated and dirty, none of the staff can speak fluent English and the breakfast was terrible (not acceptable for £15)!I've been down to london with work many times, and you can do far better!The only upside is that the location is good.	
Jan 6 2008	Nice place - much international activity	Nice place. The rooms were small but fine. The spa and gym were real nice which was why we booked there. They seemed to be what one is use to at a resort with everything on site for you. They were able to book show's at a reasonable rate, transport there included which was nice. The bus and tube were conveniently located from the hotel. Hyde park was right there which was nice too. Nice location all the way around, not bad price for London. Elite crowd.	
Dec 24 2007 	Great place for a business meeting	This is a well run and well organised hotel and excellent for business meetings with some great conference rooms.The rooms are also comfortable to sleep in although not having a biscuit with the tea tray was a let down ! My non smoking room reeked of smoke so I left the window open for a few hours, not ideal on a December afternoon. Breakfast great; lunch a limited choice for veggies.	
Dec 9 2007 	Better than expected	It is an OK three star hotel close to Kensington High Strret station. Slightly away from business/tourist areas but easy to get to &amp; plenty of places to eat locally.Had to queue for reception but not clear why as my check-in was very quick. Queues had disappeared 20 minutes later. Room could have been bigger &amp; bathroom a bit cramped but all clean &amp; OK. Breakfast all right.	
Dec 8 2007 	Superb service!	I am quite surprised as I really enjoyed my recent stay in this hotel. The service was great and the location is ideal.Service : enjoyed the team at the front desk, the concierge. Service in their new steakhouse restaurant is superb. The steaks are great and for a french person to say that is a must in England! The Sports bar and breakfast were really busy showing football games although we were really looked after and it is a plus when you have people speaking your own language. The cooked breakfast was excellent.Bedroom : I choose to upgrade for their new executive room! good size room, mini bar, in house safe, view is nothing special, satellite channel, Wifi... definitly worth to spent this upgrate! Room cleaned daily.Hotel facilities :The Spa is ideal to relax and enjoy the beauty treatment available.Location : simply great : 2 min from the tube and parks.So I'll be back!	
Nov 22 2007 	Security Alert- Awful Experince	Stay Away from this hotel- The front desk is poorly trained, has a nasty procedure of &quot;upgrading&quot; for a fee to larger room and not knowing if the rooms have a desk or any other amenity for that matter is just bad service. My first room was changed ( a closet) and for the upgrade, I got the same room down the hall- A third change.The the fun began. They could not get the internet to work in the rooms. so day 2 yet another change to 2 more rooms.The hotel in dingy. There is no maintainance to fix things -like heat. at least they don't reply. Windows have bad air leaks. The spa is really dirty and dated. Locker rooms had no showers ( all broken), whirlpool parts floating in tub. The day spa attendant was rude and really not trained. She did not not know what treatments were available and did not know what a &quot;swedish&quot; massage was. Help..At check out, many fraudulent charges were on my account for food.The desk was to investigate but did not- My credit card number was given to someone and many more fraud charges appeared. since the only one in London that saw my card was the front desk and it was in my safe in my room until I left, I can only see that there is a security issue at the desk.I have left word for the general manager- front office manager, duty manager and NO one ever has communicated.Stay Away- Stay away- Oh did I mention the prostitutes that walk the hallways at night and knock on doors....The worst...	
Nov 13 2007 	Well I enjoyed it !	I stayed overnight on 12/11/07 and had breakfast and lunch next day. I'm sorry that I didn't take any photos because the room, though &quot;small,&quot; was neat and very clean as was the bathroom. I don't know what other people expect in a single room, space to hold a party? There was a large bed, which was comfortable,with a spare blanket though the room was warm enough,a built in wardrobe, a suitcase stand, an easy chair and a decent sized dressing table/desk with a lamp which was very useful.The T.V. worked. Behind a sliding door which had a huge mirror on it, the bathroom was very clean and the towels fluffy and very white. There were two bottles of bath gel and a wrapped cake of soap. I was impressed by the room service menu though I didn't try it. There was a large choice of fruits, cereals and breads for breakfast or one could have the &quot;full English&quot;. The service at all times was friendly and efficient. Lunch was excellent.Maybe there are two hotels of this name but the one in my dimension was great.	
Nov 9 2007 	This Hotel is the pits!	Last week, I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel in London, as I was attending an exhibition at Olympia. Hotel was conveniently located - but that was it.I checked in and was originally given a single room, which was literally the size of a broom cupboard. I went back to reception to complain and was told they had no double rooms, but would upgrade me to an exec twin. on the 6th Floor.When I walked along the corridor, there was an overwhelming rotting/musty smell, which was coming from a large patch on the carpet which seemed to be rotting.When I got into the room, I was really shocked by the fact that the room was tatty and shabby. But was more concerned that the Bathroom was really dirty.Floor tiles were cracked and dirty. The toilet pan was cracked. The shower curtain, shower head and tiles were covered in orange mould - which suggested that the room had not been given a proper clean for sometime.From the website it claims to be a 4*, but I've never stayed anywhere quite so squalid. Do yourself a favour and dont' book this hotel - it's a rip off!	
Nov 6 2007	Poor Hotel	Small rooms, small beds, dirty carpets, annoying smells, weak service at best.NOT 4 stars. Not 3 stars.I booked for 3 nights but stayed for one because I was so dissapointed.The cost for the &quot;executive room&quot; was 179GBP which is close to $400!!! No value.We moved to hotel nearby called the Kensington NH. An excellent value.	
Oct 31 2007 	Good location	The hotel is good value for money. I read some of the reviews here, and it seemed a lot of reviewers thought they had booked a room at the Ritz. Well, the Kensington Close is not the Ritz. It is however a perfectly situated hotel for a visit to London. 2 minutes from Kensington High Street tube station (district and circle lines) makes it ideal for discovering London. The hotel has a good breakfast buffet and 2 restaurants and a pub / sports bar. And a (long) swimming pool. The rooms are not big, but then you dont go to London to stay in your hotel room. The staff was friendly and helpful. A good experience.	
Oct 2 2007	awesome!!!!!!	First of all, all London hotels are centrally located, the sites are amazing, and I believe Londoners to be the most kind and helpful of all Europeans.The hotel is located in Kensington, walking distance from Hyde Park and other attractions. The shopping in London is amazing and cheap, take advantage of that. Ask for a tour of London at the lobby; a must. First of all a bus picks you up at the main street from where the hotel is located, you get to eat a fabulous dinner at an amazing establishment right across from the Tower of London!! The River Thames tour is just breathtaking, especially at night. The hotel itself was probbably the most comfortable of all the hotels we stayed in during our Cosmos Tour. You get complimentary tea and biscuits in each room, a wonderful staff, and there's even a gift shoppe in the lobby with modestly priced items.Wear warm clothing, London can get very chilly at night, and trust me you'll be out all night long in this vibrant city. Also make sure you have English pounds, as Euros are still not widely used in the UK.	
Sep 20 2007 	A good value	Since I had read some negative reviews of this hotel after booking it, I want to weigh in and say that my travel companion and I were very pleased with these accomodations. It was part of a package we booked through American Airlines and we got it at a good price. Yes, the rooms were small but perfect for one person. (We had a single room each.) The rooms were clean and the staff were helpful, particularly in straightening out a problem with Hotelink, the shuttle to and from Heathrow. For a fairly inexpensive hotel in a quiet, convenient location, the Kensington Close can't be beat.	
Sep 9 2007 	Still my favourite place to stay in London because it is convenient	On most of my business trips to London since 2003 I've stayed at the Kensington Close. I've just returned from the latest trip and while the establishment is definitely a little more worn and, I think, less cared for, the hotel hasn't changed greatly over the last four years as far as the rooms and general atmosphere are concerned. The biggest change I noticed was that the equipment in the gym has been fairly recently updated. Booking online, check-in and the room itself were all fine. The room itself was a little on the grubby side (the almost obligatory 'stranger's hair' in the bathroom) and it was small, as most rooms in this hotel seem to be. I did hear my neighbours sneeze and a good deal of noise from the corridor as people passed. I hadn't noticed this on previous trips.The hotel is not palatial, but given the location (tube, restaurants, cafés, Kensington itself) it is possible to stay at the hotel and avoid the hotel's own bar, restaurant etc. Indeed my sole contact with life in the hotel was walking through reception and climbing the stairs to my room (quicker than the cramped lift, even to the fifth floor). I had few problems, the key-card to my door failed: it was fixed immediately. The shower head was wobbly, I reported it, but later fixed it myself. There's often a bit of noise at night from late night revellers returning home from nearby establishments, but it is the heart of London! The £5.00 a day charge to use the gym is a bit much for residents if you stay more than a few days as it mounts up, but I've always found it a good enough gym with decent equipment. Were the Kensington Close situated in another part of London I'd probably shop around for different accommodation on my trips, but being situated 5 minutes from the Circle and District tube lines and with major supermarkets and chain cafés and restaurants similarly nearby I find it hard to beat. I have never had any major problems or issues with the hotel and always found the staff efficient, if sometimes a little exhausted, there is quite a throughput of people in the lobby. The Kensington Close is a place to base yourself at for work or to explore London, it's not luxurious or a resort hotel.	
Sep 6 2007 	Centrally located but rooms very small	We stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel in London last month and our experience was positive. It´s just off High St Kensington, so right in the heart of London, excellent location. The staff was friendly and the hotel clean, but the rooms very small. We paid £84 + vat, so the price was quite good, I thought. Remember the double rooms are a little bit bigger than the twin rooms. Breakfast was not included and it cost £15 per person, we thought it was expensive so we went to Cafe Nero for a croissant and coffee just down the road. I will stay again at this hotel for that price. I hope my review helps.	
Aug 21 2007 	must read!!! beware of the add'l fees!!!	I booked the Kensington Close at the last minute because the hostel I was supposed to stay at was giving me a lot of problems. My boyfriend and I were very excited about the facilities (the pool, sauna, jacuzzi, etc) so we decided to spend our 9 nights there. The second day we decided to use the pool and were not informed that there was a fee(5 pounds per person per day) to make use of it. We paid our five pounds for the day and never went back. The next event was when we went to the front desk and asked to pay in cash to see a movie (3 pound 95). The guy at the desk, Shazar, said &quot;okay, let me see your debit card&quot;. AFTER, NOT BEFORE, swiping my boyfriends debit card, he told him that 120 pounds would be locked as a security procedure for the movies. This meant a 30 pound security for each of our remaining nights. If Shazar had told us before that he would be locking 120 pounds, we wouldn't have done it. We made a billion phone calls to the bank to unlock the money asap. We couldn't believe it. After speaking to the idiot manager who didn't understand the situation and kept saying, &quot;but that's how it's done&quot;, we flipped out. We told him that we didn't know that and we were sure other guests didn't either. The real cherry on top of our stay was when Shazar called our room and begged my boyfriend not to tell the manager in the morning about the incident because his job was on the line. For it's facilities and location, the Close is great. But if you plan on staying, please make sure they explain EVERYTHING to you because there are things that hotel websites and the kensington close website itself doesn't tell you.	
Aug 19 2007 	This shouldn't be a 4 star hotel	Initially I was impressed with the hotel and the location, however upon entering my room I was extremely disappointed by the overall standard and the facilities provided.My disappointment grew to anger when I discovered that the bathroom had not been cleaned to an acceptable standard, as there were strands of hair in the sink and bath. The toilet seat was also completely detached from the toilet and fell apart when I lifted it up. It then became apparent that there was dried urine all around the toilet seat. The tiling around the bathroom was moldy and one of the shower curtains was also missing. I attempted to call reception however there was no reply. When I informed staff of my dissatisfaction no apology was offered and the issue was not resolved.The view from the window was also disappointing, which looked onto a large corrugated metal roof strewn with litter and glass bottles. Below the roof was a concrete area which became extremely wet when it started to rain, which caused constant dripping against the window throughout the night. We were also disturbed by noise from the corridor, adjoining rooms and a private party ('Russian party' - held in the hotel) throughout the night, which combined with the small and uncomfortable beds made our stay extremely frustrating.I was also extremely disappointed to find that the &quot;state of the art in-room entertainment system&quot; boasted on the hotels website was non-existent and only the five standard terrestrial television channels on a small television were available. The in room movies service was also not functioning. In addition I have never stayed in a hotel where there has been an additional cost to use the Swimming Pool facilities.Based upon the information on the hotels website I feel as if I have been completely mis-sold, as many of the services offered were unavailable and the photographs on the website are totally misleading. The statement &quot;our facilities include amenities that compare to any top London business accommodations&quot; is simply untrue in my opinion. I also find it extremely hard to believe that the hotel meets a four-star standard.It is strange that there are many positive reviews for this hotel on tripadvisor, however be advised that many of these are 3+ years old and apparently the hotel has changed ownership during this time.	
Aug 11 2007 	Third visit	I've already written a review of this hotel for a previous stay and given what I'd read since then I wondered if my positive experience had been a fluke. However I stayed there last week for the third time and my original comments still stand.Staying there on business I had been allocated a single room. I've stayed in single rooms in other hotels in London and expected little more than a cupboard. Yes the room was small but the bed was a large single. The room itself was once again spotlessly clean and very comfortable for a one night stay. I think that people have to realise that you get less for your money in London than other parts of the UK or the rest of the world for that matter. I am happy with the cleanliness, comfort and safety that this hotel provides. Check in was quick and efficient. I didn't take the breakfast as on the two previous occasions this was one of the few negatives about this hotel. I had dinner at the Thai restaurant a few yards away and it's well worth a visit.Check out was also quick and efficient. One minor comment was the lack of tv channels - at least a news channel would have been welcome.	
Aug 7 2007	Very average	My partner and I stayed with 2 of our children and found the hotel very average. We too had problems at check in and were asked to wait in the bar whilst they sorted it out. Given that the hotel was at fault, courtesy dictates we should have been offered complimentary drinks but we were not. Filming was taking place at the front of the hotel on our last night and we were not warned about this and the noise continued until after midnight. The room was clean as was the bathroom (If a little shabby with cracked tiles and lacking in toiletries) We expected to be able to use the facilities and we were surprised to have to pay extra to swim in the hotel pool. Having said that, we enjoyed the breakfasts and the staff were polite. It's not however, a hotel we would return to. We were given to understand that the hotel was 4 star and it certainly wasn't that but your site describes it as a 3 star and that is more accurate. The Premier Travel Inn we stayed at in Plymouth the following week was much cleaner and more modern.	
Aug 4 2007 	Wouldn't recommend to a friend.	I have stayed here twice this year for business travel reasons and didnt enjoy either stay and would have been really disappointed had it been in my own time and money paying for it. I've requested my office to not book me in here again.The reception and check in/out process is painfully slow, they just never seem to have enough staff on the desk and the one's they do have do not seem very efficient.The rooms are quite small and basic. I had a double room, which was fine for me on my own but would have been too small for two. Both times I stayed, both rooms had faulty door locks - the first kept sticking, the second wouldnt lock at all! They were not fixed during my stay either.The only positive thing is its closeness to the tube and shops, High Street Kensington, only a couple of minutes walk away.	
Aug 3 2007	Avoid like the plague	We stayed here in July for a few days - never again. Staff were sullen and incompetent - it took three phone calls and one hour to get some milk for tea or coffee. Standards of cleanliness were poor. Our room was shabby - wardrobe door hanging off, safe didn't work. The grouting in the bathroom was mouldy too.	
Jul 27 2007 	Nice enough. Good location	A nice enough place. My single room was larger than I expected. The bathroom was quite nice. The decor was great.The lobby was filled with tour groups, and very disorganized, but it still didn't take long to check in.It is located in Kensington near Hyde Park. I like this location alot for non-business travel. I did not see or try out the pool, but the bar and garden was nice enough.I would go again.	
Jul 25 2007 	Excellent location!	Well, the hotel is 5 mins from High Street Kensington tube station, there are plenty of bars, cafes, restaurants, supermarkets and loads of shops. I'd say the hotel benefits a lot from where it is located. The rooms are quite small and not very modern, but as we stayed for most of the day out, sightseeing we didnt really mind. iRoom was being cleaned every day, bathroom was a good size, we stayed i double room, tea, coffee,kettle in the room. The 1 thing we really didnt like was the breakfast,first of we couldnt choose, they dais ours is continental,but apart from few croissants there wasnt much to eat, we were told if we wanted we could have english breakfast for extra 5 pounds, i'd say better not! There so many cafes where you can for less. we had a full english breakfast just around the corner from the hotel, for 7 pounds, large coffe,freeshly squeezed orange juice n the english breakfast! so better eat outside.	
Jul 24 2007 	not worth staying	United Kingdom : Kensington Close Hotel London : Not worth staying.Date : 14th June - 19th JuneReviewer : A Trip Advisor Member, Queensland Australia We were met with the most unfriendliest staff, (non which spoke very good english). We were given our room key which did not work on a daily basis, staff told us we were going to wrong room (which we were not).Had argument over it and had staff member come with us to prove them wrong. We asked for a apology which we did not receive. Our breakfastwas a nightmare as the staff said it had been cancelled!! Had to get it sorted out everyday we were there. We had ordered a meal in the sports bar one night and we didn't receive it, so we made a complaintand we re-ordered and when the meal arrived it was'nt what we ordered. Seriously this place was a nightmare!!!. We have stayed in the U.K before but I will never stay at this hotel again. On leaving the staff we're still rude, not just to us but to other guests that we're staying there. My opionion don't stay here ever.	
Jul 19 2007 	Comfortably compact	Great location; about three minutes walk from the Tube and the centre of kensington, which is brimming with shops, bars and restaurants, as well as Kensington Palace and the beautiful park surrounding it. The hotel itself is attractive, but relatively basic. The rooms are small but comfortable, and the bathroom we had was immaculate with a refreshing power shower. The reception staff were not particularly helpful, as is generally the case with such a busy hotel; and the breakfast was quite average and expensive at £15pp (considering there is a great little cafe at the top of the street, offering full english breakfasts for a fiver!). There is also a £5pp charge for a single visit to the health club and pool, which I thought was a bit pricey. Overall I'd definitely recommend the hotel, especially for a short break.	
Jul 13 2007 	Not sure what all the neg is about...	I needed a hotel for a last minute trip to London near Christmastime, so I got on Priceline. I ended up at the Kensington Close for $80USD. Not bad considering the abysmal exchange rate. It was very, very convenient to the tube station, which I really appreciated, as I had to get up very early to catch a flight to London Gatwick. The neighborhood felt very safe, late at night and early in the morning. The front desk staff was very efficient, and my room was nice enough. I thought the bed was very comfortable. The room wasn't large by American standards, but compared to European standards -- it was more than adequate, especially the size of the bathroom! I really don't have any complaints about the hotel. I am very surprised at the number of negative reviews for this hotel.	
Jul 12 2007	Rip off hotel taxi service	We wanted somewhere convenient, stress free with a good link to the M4 for Heathrow.The location is excellent - but that is all this hotel has going for it - the room was tiny in light of the amount it cost us, the staff were reasonably efficient, but the cost of any internet was a rip off - £1/€2 for 10 minutes??The 'helpful' concierge reserved a hotel taxi to take us to the airport - they quoted £35 and upon arrival it was £40, which left me livid as they just 'make up' extra charges, with the driver acting as if it was the norm. If they'd been upfront and honest that it would cost extra for baggage, that wouldn't have been a problem - they knew how many bags we had, they helped us carry them to the car! Don't be fooled by their painted smiles, unfortunately it just left me with a nasty taste in my mouth. I would most definitely not stay here again, the asset of having a good location is simply not worth it.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great location small room	Just off Kensington High Street a great location. From Gatwick get Gatwick express train to Victoria and tube to Kensington High Street---its a three minute walk from there. Hotel has a pool and gym which is nice if you are staying for a week but we were on a weekend trip to take in a couple of shows. The room was very small but very clean and the bathroom although small was very clean with a good shower/bath.Its about a 20 minute walk to the Royal Albert Hall and in a very upmarket part of London with very high profile shops and good restaurants close byI'd stay there again---despite the small room.TIP: Look out for a deal or two on ebay for this hotel that appears every now and again	
Jul 7 2007 	Would Never Stay Here Again	The Kensington Close is very close the Kensington Tube station and Kensington High Street. Everything else was bad. Our room was terribly small. Our bathroom was the worst. The toilet was located in a small indented section of the room. The bathtub and shower's cleanliness was questionable. However worse was the fact that both in the shower and sink, the hot and cold water come out of seperate halves on the showerhead and spout, thus producing either a burning hot or freezing cold experience. Nonethless, we resorted to a large drink cup from Burger King to wash our hair in the mixed bathwater. The front desk was called many times, and they did not believe us, nor attempt to fix this problem. The concierge was hardly available or helpful. And the front desk staff was average. Internet was available for a fee. The continental breakfast was not too bad. The dinner available on site was less than average. The only helpful person was the cleaning person, who would give us the extra blankets and pillows I asked for and fixed the TV after I blew the circuit with my hair dryer-- We left them post-its. The Kensington area is a great section to stay in. We spent the first day walking around and discovered many little shops, eateries and historical sites.	
Jul 6 2007 	Truely not worth the money!	We booked this relatively last minute for a last minute few days in London. Stayed for 2 nights and wish we'd gone for a youth hostel or travel lodge. Decided to pay a bit more for something more up market but this never materialised. As otehr readers and from what we saw, experienced huge queues for checking in at about 4pm and none of the staff at all bothered by this. No helpful services, reluctantly given a map when asked for it. Didn't have breakfast as it is so expensive and you can get much better just up the road (various coffee shops and also a new style food experience, Whole Foods, great). Bed was dreadful - soggy and bent you in half like you were in a sandwich. Room very small andquite claustrophobic, tv only terrestrial, have to pay more for other channels.Overall this place is definately NOT worth the money, the only good thing is location if you're ok with the Tubes.	
Jul 2 2007 	Location is one of the few things going for it . . .	Location is the only thing on the side for this hotel. Service was horrible, long lines at check in and concierge most times of the day. Room was small, but the norm for London. Bathroom was modern but to climb in and out of the bathtub to take a shower is very dangerous - I'm 30 years old and 6' and had trouble getting in and out without killing myself. Also if you are over 5'10, don't stay here. The beds are sooooo short that my feet hung over the bed by atleast 3 inches. There are much better hotels in London . . . unfortuntately I booked last minute and this was one of the few rooms left in London that was less than $500 - know I see why they still had rooms.	
Jun 30 2007 	Tourist hotel not for business travellers	This hotel is a truly tourist hotel. Wifi internet not available in entire hotel. You also have to pay for everything: it said pick up your vucher for internet at recepton, but did not say that you had to pay for it, same with wellness center/swimming pool. Breakfast is very simple. Slow service in bar. Bathroom is old. Unfriendly staff. Minibar empty. If you are a business traveller, do not choose this hotel.	
Jun 29 2007 	Disgusting experience	Staying on business for just a night, I arrived to a huge check-in queue which was completely disorganised. I had booked an executive double room for single occupancy, which on checking in they told me they didnt have. They suggested a twin as an alternative - I rather stupidly assumed that this would be two doubles: it was two singles. I asked to be moved to a standard double, I was told twice they had none, i then enquired how it was possible for me to have booked a specific room type over a week previous, for them to confirm it; how was it now possible that there were no rooms left - surely I'd reserved it on booking? The receptionist then said there was a double room and she was very sorry.On checking into the room, I opened the bathroom door to discover a soaking wet floor and someone had clearly urinated on the closed toilet seat. House cleaning resolved it, however reception staff barely batted an eye lid, as though it was a regular occurance.I have travelled extensively around the UK and Europe and never stayed in a room quite that small.Dinner is only served until 8.30pm and there is no room service.Also, quite surprising was that there were only the standard terrestrial channels, no sign on the &quot;state of the art in-room entertainment system&quot; it claims on its website.Despite the hygine issue and it's compactness, the room was neat and clean, I just couldnt recommend this hotel to anyone and I won't be staying there again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Worst hotel experience ever	This is the only hotel review I have ever written but felt it necessary since I still remember the horrible experience after a couple of years!Firstly, we got there at 9:30 in the morning and we had just landed and really wanted to shower and head out. They said they were completely booked and had to clean the room of someone who had just checked out. So wait we did, until 12:30, in their cramped and smoky lobby.In terms of location, it is not great. It is not near the center though the Underground is quite easy to navigate (I knew it better than NYC's by the time I left). It is near Harrods and obviously Kensington Palace, other than that, you have to take at least one, if not two, trains. The hotel is located in an upscale neighborhood, as if prices weren't high enough in London, things were even more expensive in Kensington.The room was tiny and when we arrived we were surprised to find that the room had no minibar, even though we had specifically asked our travel agent for one. We summarily went to the reception to change rooms. They informed us that none of the rooms had minibars and they were extremely rude. Apparently, the receptionist, whose name I still recall because she was so rude, lied because after calling our travel agent the next day we were switched to a new room, which was a tad larger than our last. Our new room did have a minibar. hmm.But wait, our troubles were not over yet. We were waiting for people back home to call us and for some reason received no messages from reception or on our room phone. When we picked it up to make a call, we discovered it was broken. We called people back home from a house phone in the lobby and were told that they had left several messages for us. We again went to reception to report this and ask about our broken phone. I said, &quot;We had a million people call and got no messages!,&quot; to which the lovely receptionist replied, &quot;Really? A million people called you??&quot; I cannot understand why this hotel was so crowded. It has no redeeming qualities.	
May 8 2007 	Great Location	Was a bit worried as booked the hotel then checked out Trip Advisor. Worried for nothing - lovely hotel with really friendly and helpful staff ( some did struggle with their english to respond to you if you asked a direct question) . Room was small but had everything you needed and considering the amount of time you actually spend there it was fine. Fitness suite was clean and well looked after. Breakfast was lovely and well organised. Would stay there again.	
May 3 2007	Bland and Blander	Bland and dull big hotel. uncomfortable beds and cramped rooms. Heavily discounted price, for a reason!	
Apr 30 2007 	It so good i'll only stay there	I have to travel in to london once of twice a month for work. I will now only stay in at this hotel. Its in such a good loctaion. Only a short walk to the tube station and you have all the shops on kensington high street to visit.The restaurant is lovely and the food is to a very high standard. The rooms are basis and clean.The health club is very nice and will cost you £5 to use it.Well worth a visit.	
Apr 27 2007	Good Location for Exhibitions	Stayed at the Kensington Close for 3 Nights. It is in a good location with many restaurants and shops close by with Kensington High Street Tube at the end of the road. If you forget anything there is a Marks and Spencer and a Boots Chemist around the end of the road. It is also convenient for Earl's Court and Olympia. Check in was efficient although the room on the 3rd floor was a little small. I would describe the hotel as frayed around the edges with the stair carpet literally in that state in some places. The main breakfast area is a little austere, looking more like a place I stayed at in Cuba! The furniture was also worn with the formica tops damaged on many of them. Definitely time for a refit here.Unfortunately the following morning I found the bath had backfilled from the plug with foul smelling water. I telephoned reception immediately and to their credit the duty manageress took me to a new room within the hour which was pleasantly large with a minibar. Although modern looking, the bathroom was in a similar worn state to one in the previous room with the grouting showing signs of cracking/falling out and black mould in some places notably on the sealant. The door surround with the security chain mounted on it was ash but was held by 3 nails down one side and was loose - not a good mount for the chain as it could have easily been pulled away. The Concierge was very helpful on the several times I used them. The room was at the front of the hotel and starts to get noisy at 5am in the morning when all the delivery lorries seem to appear. It can also get quite warm in the room although the aircon helps during cooler periods. The noise isolation internally is not what it could be and I found myself woken up several times from 7 in the morning by doors slamming. The sports bar also had quite slow service and not a very good range of drinks on tap. Better to use one of the many local pubs especially if you like real ale. The lifts are also very slow and erratic. I ended up using the stairs most of the time. Weighing up my stay overall I would look for somewhere else. The Copthorne is next door so I'll try that next time as I'm not that keen to return to this place - it's more like a 3 star hotel than a 4 star.	
Apr 26 2007 	Not that good there are better hotels than this in London	I stayed here for 2 nights in March in 2006, the hotel was a little overpriced for what it offered and paying for use of the swimming pool was annoying...for rates of £150 a night - you can get better hotels - I am a londener so I knowHere is a review,Location- Good for shopping 10/10 - but if you are tourist and want to see the sites such as Big Ben and the best of British then book a hotel in WestministerROOM - 4/10 Very small, TV old, no view, no good channels to choose from, I did like the sheets that were white and that was about it. The room was very small - Restaurant and Bar - food ok - but very smokey and ash tray like, like an old mans pubs 6/10Room service was better service to have - but limited menuSpa- 6/10 ok but did not appreciate being charged for this it should be free for guests to use the poolStaff - friendly and helpful at most times but check in and out was chaos - better organisation and management needed, we were waiting for over 1 hour!!!7/10If you are a tourist and are looking for a hotel near to all the attractions then I would reccomend the following hotels both of which are £80 per night per room1) City inn westminister - excellent I paid £230 for a club room for 2 nights - included a late check out at 4 pm much cheaper than the kensington close very modern - rooms slightly bigger and breakfast was great - best Ive had Lovely Bar ALSO there were loads of cable channels the room had sky digital - dvd player and CD playerand you could borrow dvds and CDs for FREE all included in the price!!! Excellent staff - as we booked a club room we also got a 15% discount of all our food and drinks!!!2)The hilton London bridge - a little more pricey but £240 would get you a standard room for 2 nights - with no perks but this would be my second choice as its so modern and new.So hunt arround and donts stay at the kensington close if youre after a modern hotel and not bothered about shopping	
Apr 23 2007 	Not a 4 * - just like travelodge	We stayed for 1 night, room very small but clean.Very basic - exactly like a travelodge room. Probably a 4 star many years ago but just too basic, would say 3 star would better suit it.No minibar, no hotel information in the room.Ideal for a short stay, great location but bed and room too small for any longer (there was 2 of us). Bathroom could have done with a lick of paint too.I suppose it was good value for London considering it was cheaper than most of the other hotels I checked out.	
Apr 9 2007 	it was paradise	I really don't understand the people who have given this wonderful hotel such a bad reputation. Maybe it was that they had extremely high expectations (that undoubtedly could not be satiated), maybe they were rude in the first place (reciprocating the less then stellar treatment from the staff), or maybe...just maybe...they just want good things tarnished.Why do I say this? Because during my wonderful 5-day stay at the hotel for the Easter holidays, I did not experience even the slightest bit of inconvenience from the amenities or the staff. The staff actually were the highlights of my stay as they were, though young indeed, very helpful and more importantly enthusiastic. There was never a dull moment. I loved the Bar, the Spa, the pool, everything. The location is also great, as others have already pointed out. But the rooms, I agree could use some more space, but this is not uncommon in a crowded metropolis such as London. So all-in-all I would give it a four thumbs up (if that were possible...but 4 stars would do also). I'd go so far as even to say that it was worth every penny.	
Apr 7 2007 	Paradise!!!!	My boyfriend and I have stayed at Kensington Close Hotel twice. First time we stayed 10 days (It was a review of that trip too) and the second time 14 nights and I have to say that it was perfect. As we have stay there before we have no problems to get to them. We have a C1 bus at Victoria Station and in about an hour we arrived at the hotel because there was a lot of traffic.The check in was good, the staff is helpful with people like us that not understand English at all. The room was in the first floor and when we get in we don´t believe what our eyes were seeing: an enormous bedroom with a bed, a big deski with two drawers and a tv, two armchairs, a little table, another little table next to the window to put the luggage, an enormous wardrobe in the wall and a very very clean bathroom. The window´s view was good because we can see the entrance to the hotel and all the taxis with new guests. Everyday the housekeeper clean the room so we have no problems with that.The only thing that we didn´t like was the breakfast because we only could choose between croissants, cheese, milk, cereals, juice and coffee but it was ok.The tube is about a minute walking from the hotel and there is a lot of stops for buses to get to the center of London in about 20 minutes. You can get to Hyde park in about 5 minutes or less. The hotel is in the borough of Kensington which is one of the mos famous boroughs of London and where you can find a lot of shops near the hotel in Kensington High Street.So, to sum up we have no problems neither this time nor the last year and we will repeat this hotel in future trips to london.	
Apr 7 2007 	Not as bad as most make out!	Just come back from 4 night stay here and felt I had to write to counteract some of the previous reviews on this site. Yes, the rooms are very small and my husband and I had to be very synchronised when getting ready to go out each night. The room also often steamed up when having a shower. However, considering how long most people spend in their room during a trip to London, they were more than adequate and the beds were very comfy.The bar was very good, with average drink prices and comfy sofas perfect after a long day of sightseeing. The pool was also very clean and the jacuzzi and saunas a welcome relief. My only real complaint was breakfast which was always very busy. The self-service areas were fine; the food tasty and we never had any problems with missing plates, etc. The downside was that coffee was always a nightmare to get hold of. Waiters would take your order for it and it would either (a) not turn up, (b) come without milk, or (c) come but with no teaspoons.All in all, I would say that for the money this hotel is good place to stay as the location is perfect. Apart from a few minor complaints we really enjoyed our stay - don't let the moaners on this site put you off.	
Mar 29 2007 	Highly overrated!	Have been going to London almost weekly the past ten years, I have stayed in many hotels. This hotel claims to be much better than it in fact is. Room was small, but clean. Door not possible to lock properly from the inside, only a security chain to keep people out. Bed comfy in standard double room. No water available, no minibar. Nobody wants to wake up and drink London tap water!! The TV set switched itself on at 4:30 by mechanical mistake - incredibly annoying! Breakfast was NOT good. There were no proper plates left, and when I asked for it, the waiter hardly understoon English, and gave me a bowl. I had to go into the bar finally to get a clean glass to be able to have some juice. Everything is just a little too &quot;el cheapo&quot;....and the staff are not overtly friendly nor helpful. Even if you hire less expensive staff from Eastern Europe, you still have to train them and demand they speak a minimum of English. Not their fault, but it made the stay rather uncomfortable.I am very glad I did not pay the rack price, if so, I'd be veeery disappointed. There is a so called spa with pool, I did not visit, but the stench of pool clorine was noticable on the lower floors. I could not be bothered to stay there again. Not in a million years. London has a lot of good hotels, this is not one of them.	
Mar 27 2007 	Geez Guys	Geez Guys. If I had gone only by what has been written here about the Kensington Close, I never would have stayed there. Many of you complained about small rooms and bad service. I just now walked in the door at home from staying 10 days at the Kensington Close and I and my five other traveling companions had an absolutely great time. We arrived Sat. March 17th and stayed until today March 27th. The hotel is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods in London and it's location is it's biggest asset. Our Concierege Graham and Paul were tops and went out of their way to book tours or answer questions or just get things done for us. The driver who we booked to pick us up and take us back to the airport was very professional and was very reasonable on the price. The hotel bar was comfortable, the food was good, not great but good. and we had lots of it and the beer.Get over the small rooms!!!!! That's the way they are in many if not most hotels in the UK and indeed in most of Europe. Take my advice and book this place anytime you need a nice clean &quot;home base&quot; while you tour London and the rest of the UK. Glad I tried them out!!!Steve EvattSan Diego, Ca.	
Mar 20 2007 	This is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in - beware!!	I have never felt the need to write about a hotel before, but after my two night stay here I had to - it was terrible!! the staff were very very rude and unhelpful - I had booked a non-smoking room, but when I arrived I was told there were none left. I have stayed in other hotels where they have at least apologised for this!! Aside from this , the bedroom and bathroom were TINY, and the bed was very uncomfortable. I thought I would comfort myself with a glass of wine and vegetarian cannelloni from room service - big mistake - the food was actually inedible - I couldn't even get a knife through the pasta to cut it as it had been cooked for so long and was solid/charred in the middle. I thought I might as well then have a shower and go to bed - whilst drying my hair, the electrics must have been dodgy cause all the electrics in my room then went out and I had to get someone to fix. I then thought I'd watch tv, only to be confronted with a few slightly out of tune channels. To be avoided at all costs.	
Mar 12 2007 	This hotel is someone's idea of a joke...isn't it?	I stayed in this hotel for two weeks on business. If I’d been paying myself I’d have checked out after day one. Be under no illusions, this is not a four-star hotel. It may claim to be and it may even believe it is, but it is a long way short of that standard on many levels.It’s location is very much five-star, just off Kensington High Street, close to the tube, quality shopping, tourist attractions and of course, the homes of London’s elite. The public areas of the hotel are very spacious but the décor is very bland with an overuse of cheap magnolia paint. It gives the impression that they just slap a coat of this on the walls every few years and hope no one will notice that everything else is a bit shabby. There are two restaurants, one of which is only open in the evenings and has better decor. There is also a bar with good ambience and décor. There are extensive conference facilities but with no broadband or wireless networking to the rooms your conference delegates wouldn’t want to actually stay there. And the gym costs extra.The staff are a strange lot. Reception staff were consistently friendly and helpful while the catering staff were consistently gloomy. There was also an unacceptable amount of language problems with some frontline staff having a very poor grasp of English.The food was very ordinary which explains why the restaurants were empty every night. Breakfast was the kind of tasteless fry-up that passes as a Full English in most motorway services. The carvery dinner buffet had a few interesting vegetarian side dishes but don’t waste your time or teeth on the meat – it didn’t taste like any animal I recognised.But I’ve saved the worst till last – the rooms. I had two of them during my stay and both were equally poor. At best these rooms are two-star and the only thing that would qualify them for that is the en-suite and TV. They are definitely not four-star – not by the wildest stretch of even the most drug assisted imagination! They’re so small you can’t walk around the bed; you have to climb over it. The bathrooms aren’t big enough to accommodate a cat let along swing it. The TV only has the basic five analogue channels plus pay-per-view movies charged at a higher price than you pay in a cinema. The décor is worn, dated and cheap, the beds are a joke – I’ve slept on better camp stretchers – and the air-conditioning blows cigarette smoke into the room from god knows where. I've not uploaded any photos because there are plenty of others on this site that show the appaling standard of these rooms.Maybe this hotel does a roaring trade in the summer when London is swarming with package tours full of zombies who are easily impressed with a Kensington address but if you’ve got a choice, avoid this place. There’s much better value elsewhere in London.	
Mar 4 2007 	Nice location good staff in Central London	Two colleagues and i recently stayed in the Kensington Court Hotel and were surprised at the high standard of service we received for our money.The location is great, just behind Kensington High Street tube station. This connected us to London directly and efficiently. I chose this hotel as it is also close to Olympia Exhibition Centre, just 20 minute walk away. The concierges were very helpful when we asked about price quotes for travel, locations of restaurants and for general information.The hotel bar is large yet cosy giving a real pub atmosphere which we thoroughly enjoyed.The rooms were all a bit small with mold growing on one of the baths (room 561..) but otherwise were clean and warm.Overall a good place to rest your head for the evening but i wouldn't want to be stuck here in a snow storm!	
Feb 16 2007 	Just stay away	Do not stay at this hotel. Simple. Me and my boyfriend stayed here for valentines day, but on the 13th of Feb. We checked in at 7.30, we were told there were no double rooms, only twins, we had to argue for a while our point, not only did we pay for double it's for VALENTINES! After a while, we were upgraded to executive double. Happy we went upstairs, room was small - executive??? We went out for a meal to meet our reservation, we checked our balance on our account. We were shocked to discover £160 had been removed to from our account, we had previously given our card number to the dim lady behind the desk, for 'security' reasons, we were told we were not getting charged. We went back to the hotel to find out what went wrong and from then on, it was clear these people did not know what they were doing. It took TWO hours to sort out, by which time they had lied to us many times, and we had missed our reservation - so much for valentines day. When we explained to them, we were there for one night, they did not seem interested that they had made a huge mistake. They had taken the only money we had in our account out, we were so worried that it would not get put back into the account for 3 days whch the bank say. But they did not care all they kept saying was 'what do you want us to do?' and shrugged their shoulders. We got so angry we just went to our room. Horrible hotel.Now Feb 16th, we have checked our account and have found out they have taken £69.30 out of our account, we did not charge anything, or do anything which costed anything, all we want was a good time. My boyfriend is now on the phone trying to sort it out, absoulutley, ridiculous, i cannot believe this mess and all we wanted was a good valentines day.I warn you do not stay in this hotel, it was the worst i have ever experienced. They took money with permission, as far as i am concerenced they are no better then thieves.	
Jan 30 2007	terrific value	Our familyl of four stayed 8 days here during the end of December, beginning of January. We were very pleased. Our British Air package included the full English breakfast which had a huge variety of eggs and sausage and other hot items, plus yogurt, fresh fruit, and all the cold cereals and croissants at the continental breakfast. As restaurants in London are extremely expensive, this was a very economical way of starting off the day with a big meal. Also, we are early birds, and so never had to wait in line. The bedrooms are small, which is typical for Europe, but well laid out so everything we needed was available (including hair dryer). The staff was courteous and helpful, especially the concerieges who gave us good advice numerous times. We enjoyed playing cards in the lobby which went practically the length of the hotel. The health club was a wonderful perk, with my husband swimming several times and the rest of us enjoying the sauna and hot tub. This hotel is well-located, convenient both to the tube and to a taxi stand. All in all, for the price, I don't think you can do better.	
Jan 23 2007	How can they let a property in nice location become so shabby?	It hasn't been renovated in probably 15 years and so you get the following: 1) First impression is the fusty smell, already in the lobby. It'll pursue you throughout the hotel. 2) Carpet in the rooms is so old, worn out and smelly that your wife will not want to set a bare foot on it. 3) WIndows are old and untight so that in winter there is a constant current of cold air 4) The matress is so old and sagging that your back will ache ...Imagine the hotel is asking an outrageous USD 200.- !!!! for a double room incl. of breakfast. USD 60 would perhaps be appropriate.To be fair: The personnel is very nice and professional, which is strange contrast to the decripit substance of the building.	
Jan 12 2007	Great Location	This hotel was very large and had very small elevators. The staff was friendly but did not always speak English. The rooms were small but not horrible, they were about the size of a mid-ship cabin on a cruise ship; ok for 2 people. I did not have any problems with noise and the lobby was busy but not ridiculously so. The bathroom was small and the bathtub was kind of dangerous since you have to climb in and out of it. There was a very thin shower curtain but no liner and a very powerful showerhead with plenty of hot water. I suggest that you put a few towels down on the floor to absorb the water that inevitably escapes from your showering experience. This will make it easier to climb out of the shower without breaking your crown. Bring your own toiletries unless you only require a tiny bar of soap. All in all, the room was clean and the beds were comfortable. If you need something, don't try to call the front desk for they seldom pick up. You will have a better experience if you go downstairs to the lobby to make your request. The breakfast was disappointing and there was a line of about 50 people to get into the cramped eating facilities. They served breakfast cereal, some slices of cheese, 3 different kinds of canned fruit, and tea or juice. So, if you are not picky, you will be just fine. I personally went up the street to the &quot;Muffin Man&quot; restaurant. They have great breakfasts there, it is small and cramped so get there early. Also, several of the restaurants in that area have signs warning you to watch for pickpockets and purse-snatchers so hold on to your goods! There is a Thai restaurant directly in front of the hotel, which is wonderful! (Don’t ask too many questions about the food because they barely speak English) If you go to the Thai restaurant, make sure to wait for your free ice cream at the end of you meal, it's included in the price. The Tube station is at the end of the Street, about a minute walk and there is a place to exchange your currency inside &quot;Marks &amp; Spencer&quot; department store (upstairs at customer service). Really, this is a great location to spend time in. If you only need the basics, this hotel is for you.	
Jan 10 2007	Do avoid	It's 2.30 in the morning and there's a man standing by the bed in my wife's room! Panicky phone call to reception. Lightning response it must be said. Keycard wrongly programmed, his card with the wrong room number. Won't be going back there in a hurry. And on the last trip given smoking room despite printed non-smoking reservation. Room without hot water. Horriblyundertrained staff. All of whom knew of the problem in this wing. Pathetic parrot-like response of &quot;it's no problem, no problem like&quot; from overwhelmingly undertrained employee...&quot;I'll send you a bottle of wine.&quot; Needless to say, it never arrived. Avoid.	
Dec 19 2006	Loved the Kensington Close Hotel	We would like o recommend this address – situated in a nearly silent street. The rooms are of better standard than most hotels of the 3-star category offer in London. In the restaurant Brasserie we enjoyed a dinner with excellent value for money. Not to forget the attentive service of the amiable young brigade. Kensington Close Hotel will become our fixed quarter when visiting London next time.	
Dec 14 2006 	Horrible Hotel	I read the reviews on this site and after seeing some positive, and some negative, I thought that the hotel would be somewhere down the middle. We have stayed in many European hotels and had a good idea what to expect, nor are our tastes too fancy and we expected 5 star luxury. We arrived after a night flight from Toronto, and our early check in wasn't ready - this was not a huge deal, we did some exploring. The hotel is in a great location for walking wherever you want to go. When our room was ready at around 1pm, they gave us a smoking room (specifically requested non smoking as I am pregnant), then changed us to a room with two twin beds, and the FINAL change was to our appropriate room - with a smaller than double bed. I expected the room to be small as they are in most big cities, but we could barely fit our suitcases in the room!! The bedding was very damp - almost wet and smelled like drycleaning solvent, the carpet was dirty and the room smelled strongly of cleaning products. We had checked in for 10 nights as my husband was in London on business. We left that day and while the hotel said they would charge us for the night, we disputed the charges with our credit card company. The staff were not rude, but very clueless and it appeared no one had any idea what was going on.For the cost of this hotel, regardless of location, it was not worth it. If you are considering this hotel - please think again. It was not just a small, lower end hotel: it was expensive, uncomfortable and overall unpleasant.	
Dec 5 2006 	Not a 4 stars	Well, location is OK next to a tube station but not on the best tube line, specially if you want to go to the airport, any airport!The staff at check in was not that nice, in fact they all looked like they were doing something else more important .. even if that was chating on the phone. The lift and halls were old, but the room was nice, small and clean but it was a single. The buffet breakfast included in the room price was continental, but very very poor in selection and above all it was served in the bar. So, the smell of smoke (tabaco) and beer in the morning when you are having your tea was just bad ... very bad... what a bad start of a day.	
Dec 4 2006	No problem with this hotel	Kensington Close Hotel, LONDONmixed group of 34 people down from Lake District1st Dec - 3rd Dec 2006This trip takes place every year, we have stayed in many hotels over the years, the Kensington Close is one of the better ones. Its location is handy for Harrods and Harver Nicholls. There is a tube station 5 mins from hotel, taxis are always outside and there is a bus stop on the high street which is also 5 mins away. There are many shops there. My group of 6 ate in the brassiere twice very good,breakfast was only ok, rooms are very small, but clean, very quiet and the staff were very helpful. The bar is large and pleasant. The facilities are £3 per visit, I think if you are a guest this should be free. The only disadvantage is distance to theatres it cost us £15 for a taxi there and £15 back, but with 3 of us in it that was only £10 each . I would recommend this hotel especially for a group booking. Thank you to all the staff for a pleasant stay.	
Nov 16 2006 	great hotel	Stayed at the kensington close from oct 15 -19. Fantastic. Just arrived after 27 day bus tour of europe. Hotel staff very helpful. Room was small but we definately stayed in smaller. Very clean and tidy. Hotel staff were great, concierges were fantastic. We booked tickets to phantom of the opera - got a great deal, better than the discount ticket boxes. Also booked day tour to bath, stonehenge. Cant beat the location, 2 minutes walk to tube station, plenty of shops on kensington high street, cafe and restaurants only short walk from hotel. We walked from the hotel through kensington gardens to royal albert hall, then to hyde park and buckingham palace. So so central. Can't beat it. Would definately stay here again.	
Nov 14 2006 	Comfortable Kensington	The Kensington Close Hotel is a regular venue for my meetings in London and it is sufficiently convenient for road and rail so delegates can attend without too much trouble. Reception was handled efficiently and off I went in search room…..a long search since some of these corridors are very long and I feared I was well on my way into the next borough.Like a lot of the other reviewers, I have to say that my room was rather pokey and, if the fire evacuation map was true to scale, it was no smaller than most of the other adjacent rooms. If you want to sit at the desk then you will need to make some difficult decisions about where to put your suitcase because there is insufficient room for a chair and a suitcase stand. Unfortunately, on all of my visits to the Kensington Close, I have yet to master the heating controls in the room. It is not that I am technology phobic or that I cannot read instructions but that air vent seems to pump out cold air whatever I set as the temperature and whether or not I turn the fan to slow or fast.The food in the hotel is sufficient ……but running out of beef and pork by 8.00pm in the evening is bad planning if all you have on offer is a carvery. The breakfast is a bit of a mad dash and now they have instituted a system of giving us all breakfast tickets so that only those paying a full rate can get to the cooked breakfast. Lunch was better and the chef had found some more beef and some more pork so now we only had to make sure we were in the right queue.The conference facilities at this place are very good and the rooms are contained in their own area so you don’t feel obliged to hang around in the corridors while you drink your tea and enjoy a warm muffin.	
Nov 13 2006 	Clean Great location.	We originally &quot;won&quot; accomodation at this Hotel on &quot;Ebay&quot;. We were really happy about it as accomodation In London looked to be extremely expensive, especially if you look at the Australian Dollar/English pound conversion.We received our voucher and rang to book our stay. The staff member that I spoke to was rude and difficult. She told us that we could not use our voucher for at least six months (this was in June, and we were holidaying in the UK for 3 weeks in Sept/Oct).She told us that there were no rooms available at all.We were devastated.I looked at their site on the internet and found that they did have available rooms for that period. So my husband rang and he booked our rooms easily until we said that we had a voucher...then they had no rooms!!! My husband rang several times a day over the next few days and finally spoke to someone who was polite and helpful. She organised our room for us and also sent us a confirmation email.Our stay luckily to say was much better.After the first initial problem, it was great. We only slept in our room and showered anyway.We had a &quot;Deluxe room&quot;. Had to climb over Hubby to get into bed.Breakfast was also part of our voucher and that was nice and had plenty of choice. Found the rest of the staff to be polite and friendly.	
Nov 2 2006 	Badly Managed and Cheaply Furnished	Spent one night here and found the room pokey and expensive compared to other deals in London hotels. The furnishing is cheap and not particularly comfortable. First they could not find my booking, then I was locked out of my room early on in the evening, having to go to reception for another key card, which was proffered without checking who I was and then, to top it off as I was drifting off to sleep, the fire alarm went off mid evening. The whole hotel was evacuated out into the street by disorganised staff, no explanation, no apology and it took 40 minutes for blankets to be offered to the very young and the elderly. On the coldest night of the year so far, temperatures fell close to zero, it was pretty uncomfortable. The experience was not conducive to a relaxing stay I am afraid. I also seriously dislike the concept of charging guests to use the leisure facilities though I am glad I didn't have to stand outside in my swimsuit after the charge disuaded me from a dip in the pool.	
Oct 30 2006 	A good hotel but not always good value	I have stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel on five or six occasions over a decade or more, the previous time being in 2004. It has always been pleasant and we have recommended it to friends in the past.For the most recent visit In October 2006 which was booked a week in advance, I took a single room, which was just a little less than was being asked for a double room. My bathroom was so cramped that there was barely enough room to stand at the wash basin without falling backwards into the bath and the light over the bathroom mirror was too dim to be useful. The room was extremely overheated, apparently from some source outside the room. When I told reception about the problem with the heating, the response was to use the air conditioning, which I had already found did not adequately solve the problem.This hotel seems to have a three-day cancellation policy, which I think is considerably longer than most hotels.I definitely did not get value for money during this stay and if my room is a typical single room, I would consider paying a little more for a double room. On checking the internet, I found that there were other hotels offering much better value at the time than I received at the Kensington Close.	
Oct 16 2006 	thumbs up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Hello everyone As promise here is my reviewSome weeks ago I stayed at the copthorne Tara and for those who know me or my review: I will not be staying there again but the location is very important for me and my business so I am writing today about the Kensington close hotel and spa It was the First time I have stayed at the hotel and it’s unbelievable what £15 more can do for you:I have been travelling all over the globe and for me the most important aspect when I stay at a hotel isn’t the price but how much the staff care about my stay and that I feel that they will go out of their way to look after me…yes I like to be well look after, when we pay for something we all do don’t we?I must admit I am a bit of a flirt and I love chatting up so you can imagine my delight when entered the hotel and the face of a charming lady with a continental accent asking how she could help. I was happy with the room on the forth floor, not the largest room I stayed but I spend very little time in my room; sleep wash and dress and I am out again.I don’t know how many staff works in the hotel but it seems that every 10 meters someone was there which felt goodThe reception was very professional, fast and efficient (no I did not get any number but her smile was good enough)The porter: they have been working here for TEN years can you imagine, they were great (one got me a nice price on a show I wanted to see)The hotel as a health club, not one of those small room with five machine but a proper one: 18 meters pool, sauna, Jacuzzi and trainer to hand to help you (and sometime kill you…no pain no gain so he said) I did not use the restaurants and not even the bar (yes Fred I know you don’t believe me but I didn’t) however I am hoping to use them during my next visit where I’ll be entertaining a client After my first stay it’s thumbs up for the Kensington close hotelI will tell you about my next visit in my next reviewTake care all	
Oct 15 2006	Not very good	3 nights on business. Room very small and smelt of smoke. Otherwise clean and comfortable. £3 to use gym, why? Overall, just about acceptable but if London hadn't been so busy I would've stayed elsewhere.	
Oct 14 2006 	Fire Alarm shorts	I was there 4 days and 3 nights and the fire alarm went off 3 times, 2 times within 12 hours. We had to evacuate from the top floor all the way down the stairs. No apologies were made and no explanations were offered. When I questioned the front desk, they only said they were trying to fix it and didn't know if they could. I tried to check out and they said I'd have to pay for the first 2 nights even though I only stayed one. It was ridiculous.	
Oct 4 2006 	Nice Hotel	My mother, aunt, cousin, and I stayed at the Kensington Close Sept 16-19, 2006. The hotel is conveniently located near High Street, Kensington and the Tube. There is a drug store (Boots) located at the corner of High Street and Wrights Lane that has anything and everything you may have forgotten to pack. A 5 minute walk from the front door. Although free, the Continental Breakfast is okay if a little sparse. I highly recommend going to The Muffin Man tea shop about a block from the hotel instead. The staff was very courteous and helpful. You can purchase tickets to attractions like Buckingham Palace, Madam Toussaud, The Tower of London etc. from the conceirge, cheaper than purchasing at the location and you won't have to stand in line. Definitely take advantage of the Tube (subway). There is a station within walking distance to the hotel. It stops at all the major attractions, reasonably priced, and a great way to experience London. You can also buy tickets to some attractions at the ticket counter. The hotel has a gym and spa that costs extra but I didn't have time to utilize them. A longer visit and I might have. The hotel room was very small. We had a standard double (2 twin beds). I now understand why the toilet is called a watercloset in England. It wasn't much wider. Definitely upgrade to a larger room. I think the Executive level of rooms are larger. Spend the extra money. The elevators are small, not more than 4 people (450 kilo) can fit. It definitely makes you rethink that second helping. Overall and nice stay. Convienently located, clean, friendly staff. The only drawback were the small rooms.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great Choice in London	Centrally located near Kensington High Street tube station this hotel is located on a quiet street. The staff are freindly and helpful. Rooms comfortable and clean. The spa services and Health club facilities provide a great respite to the weary North American traveler who needs a place to relax and unwind after the long flight. My travel companion said his massage was one of the best he ever had. I simply enjoyed the pool and sauna, before a walk to Hyde park and Kensington Palace.	
Oct 3 2006 	Please describe the rooms truthfully.	I booked two 'double ' rooms, One for myself and husband and one for my daughter and boyfriend. September 2006.The hotel was friendly and were good at booking trips etc.,We had tea/coffee facilities, hairdryer and T.V - BUT the rooms were very small. The bed was against the window, so I had to climb out to use the bathroom in the night. My daughter's boyfriend is 6ft 4 and his head was on one wall, feet touching another. NOT very comfortable. TINY bathrooms enough for one person only - just!! These 'double' rooms should be described as SMALL not 'compact' as the hotel seems to prefer. If the rooms had a single bed they would be just fine for one person.If the rooms are described truthfully at least travellers could decide whether to accept a very small room or go elsewhere.	
Sep 30 2006 	stayed 9 nts. - enjoyed our stay	I'm surprised to see some of the reviews here, my husband &amp; I stayed for a total of NINE nights (on our own - not tour) and were quite satisfied. We were able to get a early check in on the first day, the room was very small - however, this is quite common in London. Our room had 2 twins beds, which was great because we like to get our sleep when on vacation - doesn't mean can't still get frisky BEFORE ;o) Anyway, the desing theme was just as the web site show's - and I quite liked it, thruth be told, clean lines, clean &amp; uncluttered looking. We found our rm. to be clean, the housecleaning staff couldn't speak English but we had no problem.The hotel has restaurant on premises and breakfast as well, however we never eat in hotels. We, as others, saw the Muffin Man down the street - we ended up having breakfast most mornings at the GIRAFFE Restaurant, go up to the Boots (Kens. High Street) and turn right..... walk a few blocks to pretty much the start of Kensington Garens. Breakfasts are GREAT !!! Many choices - eggs, ham, toast, fruit smoothis and great lattes....We were SO pleased with the location - we shopped all along Kenisngton High Street - we found great bargains and new Fall styles @ the H &amp; M dep't store beside M&amp;S (we don't have H&amp;M in Canada) We walked to Notting Hill, Bayswater, thru Kensington Gdns. to Mayfair &amp; Buckingham Palace etc... FABULOUS location. Even if we chose another hotel, he would still choose this location -- GREAt restaurants close by. We loved Arcadia (Italian) just down a lane, on the way to Giraffe -charming, fabulous service and great food!! The one thing to remember is that the rm. door lock works funny - when you open up, if you leave too long the door deadbolt activates and you close the door and leave - coming back to the door not fully closed. We thought the housekeeping had left the dr. open but it wwas us - just check the door whenever you leave.We travel extensively on business in Canada esp. &amp; N. America as well - we are used to large rooms and more amenities, however this hotel still was good to us - we tried to not be the ugly N. American tourist and knew from a friend who travels here on business to lower our expectations on the extras &amp; rm size. We had all we needed - blowdryer &amp; ironing board and iron were provided whenever we requested it.Day we checked out the front desk agreed to our request of a late checkout of 2pm because we had stayed for 9 nights.Not the best for what we are used to in N.A, but good for us and very clean bathroom and roomSpa was very good - had a massage, workout and steam (costs 3lb per day to use.Our laptop didn't work well with the internet rm service so we just found internet cafes that were about 1.50lb for 1 hour -- or you can pay 1lb for 10 min. downstairs lobby. - Find an internet cafe !!!	
Sep 25 2006 	Worst Hotel in London	We stayed here for 1 night with jet lag on a return trip from USA. We purposely booked 'what we thought' to be an excellent hotel - after all we were spending all day there. How wrong, we were - we paid a premium price for a dirty bath, mildew on the walls and a room big enough only for the bed. The furniture and doors are straight from toy-town, but remain unpainted / untreated and the carpets dont fit to the walls, and the curtains are not wide enough to meet in the middle. There is no satellite TV has described unless you pay £7.95 per viewing. The Batteries did not work in the remote control, and after calling reception and receiving no response - we used our own.To finish off the stay, the maid came straight into our room the next morning without knocking or anything - even though we had a 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door. Beware - the chains are there for a reason and this is it, luckily we had ours on - unfortunately, I was stood by the door undressed at the time.We expressed our unhappiness to the hotel, who couldnt care less to be honest - we were offered 2 free drinks, but they are not able to budge any further than this.This is no better than The Regent Palace in London and that only costs £40. Please see the other reviews too, I really wish I had come to this site and read them first.Thanks	
Sep 25 2006 	Never use this hotel - it is the worst I've ever stayed in!	The hotel was terrible. When I phoned to confirm my booking, the staff tool 20 minutes to locate it, firstly telling me there was no booking, then eventually deciding that there was. When I tried to check in, they told me someone had cancelled the booking by phone earlier! Although there was no queue, it actually took about 1/2 hour to check in!!!! I gave my credit card - they charged for the wrong number of nights.They gave me a keycard to room 587 - I went all the way to the fifth floor to find there is no room 587. It should have been 578! When I got back down to reception, they snatched the card envelope off me, scribbled out 587, and changed it to 578, with no apology.The room was very very small, and very dirty.The staff were rude and unhelpful. Most of them could not speak adequate english.I told the reception staff that my company book approximately 20 rooms PER WEEK in the Kensington area, but would never use this hotel again. The staff did not appear to be bothered by this at all.Beware if you stay here - it's rubbish!	
Sep 15 2006 	Not a 4 star	My girlfriend and I recently stayed at this hotel and chose it because expedia.com rated it as a four star and displayed some very nice pictures.The room we were given was a standard double room and it was very small, with unattractive carpet, small bed, and tiny bathroom. I found this outrageous because I paid a lot of money for what I thought would be a high standard 4-star room. The hotel is in a nice area very close to a range of shops on kensington high street and the Kensington high street tube stop. Our breakfast was not included in the overall price and it was going to be a crazy £15 each so we to a small cafe about 30 yards away called The Muffin Man which was a bit more reasonable. The pure orange in here was great but the sausages and chicken was terrible. We ate at the evening carvery which was average and there is no real restaurants or night life nearby. All of the central attractions are to the east and will cost around £15-20 in a taxi. As a further inconvience we were awakened from our sleep on one night and evacuated from the hotel as the fire alarm went off. On a positive note the the hotel is clean and the concierge service was very good, helping us with the underground, booking theatre tickets, carrying our bags to taxi's and being generally helpful. My girlfriend and I fully intend to return to London, but I fully intend to stay in a different hotel that is more centrally located and has a better standard of room. However, if you have to stay in this hotel try to get an executive room as the standard rooms are not worth the cost.	
Sep 12 2006 	Terrible Hotel	This is probably the worst 4 star hotel in London. We stayed for one night and would never stay there again. We stay in London regularly and this was overpriced and very basic. The room was no wider than a corridor and basic beyond belief. I think if the hotel thought it could get away without providing a bed it would have done. The room was so far away from the reception we nearly booked a taxi !	
Aug 30 2006	Our tour stayed here	We stayed 2 nights here at the start of our England, Scotland, and Wales tour with Cosmos. The room was very small and only had the basic things in it...no hair dryer. The meeting rooms and the bar area and restuarant were ok...the rooms need a lot of upgrading though. If you plan on the bare minimum then this is the place for you. It is very close to High Street and is convenient to stores but that is all.	
Aug 25 2006 	avoid this hotel	The hotel was close to High Street Kensington, but it was not a very convenient station. We don't have many Circle Line services, so we had to wait at least for 15 minutes every time we took a train. Our first impression of the hotel was that the it was a big hotel, not clean, and that the staff were very young. I felt that there were some staff who were not trained well enough to serve in the polite way we usually expect from hotel clerks. Nobody came out to carry our luggage. We were given two card keys, but they often didn't work. The room was OK, but very tiny. One good thing was that it had a fridge, though it often made strange beep sounds that annoyed us at midnight. The beds moved very easily probably for easy cleaning. One of the beds had a big hollow at the centre and was very uncomfortable. I had a backache at the end of my stay.One of the biggest reasons we chose this hotel was that it offers internet access service in every room. Though the hotel had not answered my question via e-mail whether they had &quot;fast&quot; internet access service or not, we finally decided to stay there because one staff wrote to me saying that the voucher for 24-hour access was available for 15 pounds. We thought it quite reasonable, and actually bought one. We used the internet for an hour on the first night (which turned out to be very very slow!!!), didn't use it on the next day, and tried to use it again on the following day. What we found then was that the voucher was already expired. I asked the reception and was informed for the first time that we have to use the internet continuouslly for 24 hours!!! Nobody had told us about that, so I complained to some of the hotel staff that they must offer us more information about the voucher (which just says, &quot;24 hours&quot;) beforehand. But they didn't accept my complaint. One [---] guy even told me that the fault was mine because the voucher clearly said, &quot;24 hours.&quot; But who would take it literally? Who would use the internet for 24 hours continuously? He also said that the internet service is offered in the same style at every hotel and every internet cafe in the UK, which is obviously a lie. The way this guy talked to me was so rude that I even forgot for a moment that I was talking with a hotel clerk. Finally I was compelled to give up and leave the reception. But still unable to consent to the [---] guy's explanations, I went to the reception again. This time I was advised to visit there again on the following day and talk to another staff who might solve the problem. It turned out then for the first time that when I bought the voucher the staff at the reception forgot to give me necessary information about the voucher. The voucher had already caused some misunderstandings among customers, so the staff had usually explained that the voucher is for a continous use. I wonder what would have happened if I hadn't returned to the reception. On the following morning I went to the reception, talked to a lady staff, who understood my situation and gave me a new 24-hour voucher. To tell the truth, we had only one more day to stay, and didn't need one at all. We weren't satisfied with the hotel from the beginning, but this event made us decide to change it. We chose Country Inn, which is quite close to Cloucester Road. This station is more convenient than High Street Kensington. It is located very close to Sainsbury's which is open 24 hours. The staff at the reception is a well experienced gentleman, and young staff help you carry your stuff. It offers wireless internet access service in every room, and you don't need to use the internet continuously. What was disappoinging was that you can't log in to Gmail possibly because of firewall. When I told the reception about that, a man came to solve the problem. Though the problem wasn't solved, I felt a very sincere attitude of the hotel. What's more, this hotel is much cheaper than Kensington Close Hotel.I will never choose Kensington Close again. You will waste your money!	
Aug 20 2006 	Basic Hotel with Excellent Location	I stayed at this hotel with a very large tour group. We were advised that Kensington is a trendy part of London and that our hotel was in an excellent location. This proved to be true, as we were able to access the subway (underground or tube) by a short walk. Eventually, we discovered a shortcut through the back alley of the underground to our hotel.The hotel is also close to many restaurants and shops such as Caffe Nero, McDonald's, and Marks and Spencer (we ate at the diner and purchased food there; you can buy &quot;to go&quot; or &quot;take away&quot; food from here). There are also many wonderful ethnic restaurants close by such as Thai, Indian, and Lebanese. There is also a restaurant called Muffin Man that you may wish to consider, as it is true that the hotel's complimentary continental breakfast is very busy with lines (queues).The room was very small. The bathroom was very cramped and our tub drained very slowly. Noise of other guests talking can be heard when you are passing by in the hallway. Room furnishings are basic but clean Staff was cordial.I feel that the rooms were overpriced due to the location. However, if one does not plan to be in the room much but merely to lay down your head, then this place is just fine.It appears the hotel focuses more on its conference facilities, as this area is very nice. There is also a spa in the hotel should you wish to use it, along with a small gift shop.	
Aug 11 2006 	Do not stay at this hotel	My son and I stayed here for a week at the end of July. The bathtub, bathtub tiles, and the bathmat were grimy. Our bathtub sometimes backed up - we would hear gurgling noises and see dirty water flow into and then out of the bathtub. We were told the hotel was full and there wan't another available room. No other compensation was offered. The continental breakfast buffet always had a long lineup and the staff were never able to keep the buffet stocked. In frustration, we were forced to pay extra in order to eat at the full English buffet. The hotel staff were courteous; the staff at the concierge desk were very helpful. Most of the rest of the staff have very limited English.	
Aug 8 2006 	As I expected- mostly	I spent a good bit of time doing research here and at other sites to find a hotel to stay in for the 4 days in London before our Northern European Cruise.I had as my top criteria a hotel that was either in Central London or with easy access to a good tube line with Air Conditioning. I am a person that needs AC- I've learned my lesson in the past that when people say &quot;Oh, you don't need AC there it never gets that hot that time of year&quot; that I definitely need to get it.I had almost no problems and just a couple of small difficulties with the Kensington Close.Check-in was the first surprise. I had added an extra night to our stay and requested that it be combined with the other 3 nights. This apparently was not possible due to the computer system. I was assurred that we would have no problem staying in the same room and that I would just have to stop at the desk the next morning and pay the bill for the first night. I was glad that it worked out the next morning with no problems.The only other problem I had I did not even notice until after I had left. When I checked out for the first night I was careful to make sure that my bill had not been converted to dollars already as a courtesy to me. I neglected to check this on my second bill. they had converted my bill to dollars and the conversion rate was not as good as I got on bills presented to my credit card company in pounds.I was glad that I planned ahead as while we were in London the temperature was in the high 80's and low 90's.The room was very small and the bathroom was also very small with no ventilation so it could get very warm in there after a shower. The AC worked OK- not great but it took the edge off the high temperature. I had no problem with it running all night- my biggest problem was the maid opened the curtain during the day and the sun beat down on the room and made it hotter.The one good/bad thing about the room was that you are required to put your room key into a slot by the door for the electricity to work. Take your card out and things shut off. I see that this is an energy saving tool. This is not a big deal if you have two people and two room keys but since the room safe requires the use of the card when you take it out of the wall slot and run it through the safe slot the lights go out.The staff was very courteous and took care of any concerns we had. The room was clean with some signs of wear but in good shape. the bathroom did have a small amount of mold/mildew up in the ceiling corners but it was very minor and the rest of the room and bathroom were spotless every day.I knew before hand that the food wasn't that great and the prices a bit high but we did end up eating there the first night after getting in a bit late (our flight was delayed two hours) and doing a bit of sightseeing we just didn't feel up to going back out in the heat looking for something. The food was over priced and just OK. It wasn't bad it just wasn't anything special- especially for the price.The tube station was just about 3-4 blocks away and very convenient. It's on the District/ Circle Line and it's very convenient to most Central London Attractions. We had only two service problems- the one day we needed to buy one trip tickets the machines were down and the clerk was late due to illness. The second problem was an electrical problem on the Circle Line when we returned that meant making a detour and taking a different line to get back.Bottom line- I gave the Kensington Close Hotel an above average rating because it met almost all of my expectations. It's not a 4 star hotel but it's a very convenient, clean, comfortable place to stay. There is a very close by tube station that gets you where you want to go easily. There are some nice restaurants closeby to eat at- we ate at the Muffin Man for breakfast 3 out of 4 days (it's between the hotel and the tube station). We ate at McDonald's the other morning- with a piano player playing tunes on a baby grand piano (it's beneath the &quot;Best Piano Bar in London&quot;).If you go in with reasonable expectations of this hotel you will be satisfied. You can't judge it by the standards of what you would get in most US cities. you have to judge it fairly- against other hotels in London. I think I got a fair exchange for my money here.	
Jul 31 2006	If you stay here - double check your bill!	Our flight was cancelled due to weather. We gave hotel 24 hours notice. But when we arrived Saturday morning, they said they could not cancel Friday night, but also would not let us into the rooms.I had to pay for the rooms for Friday night, but not allowed to use them!When we checked out - there were 6 phone calls on our bill for Friday night. (the night we were not there - but charged for)Otherwise - rooms were clean and nice. Location was great. Concierge was extremely helpful.	
Jul 22 2006 	Good affordable well located hotel on quiet street	Although our check-in got off to a questionable start i.e. after booking a 2 twin room on-line we got the &quot;we are having hot water problems and we only have a Double Room left&quot; story, our stay at the Kensington Close went smoothly. The trick in these situations is to deal directly with Manager on duty, turn on the charm and be firm and patient. After several different offers to accomodate us, we managed to get a twin room with hot water for the first night (part of connected Family Room) and were moved into another smaller room for the remainder of our stay. We even managed to get Free access to Pool and health spa which proved to be invaluable during a heat wave and tough days at work and play. We even managed to get one more night stay (after being repeatedly told that no rooms were available up until morning of departure), again after working with a different Manager on duty. All staff we came across were nice if you are nice to them!Both room were clean, small for NA standards but who cares when your in London. The Bathroom and Pool areas could use a good sprucing up or at least a cleaning of the Mildew that seemed to everywhere. We never ate in the restaurant/bar but you don't need to with many great choices close by. AC works fine, a bit noisy and don't expect the same cooling effect as in NA.The location/price value is the best thing about this. It's close enough to shopping, Kensington Gardens, Bayswater area and Paddington station. Note: The Kensington High Street tube station is 2 minutes away but is on the Circle/District lines which seem to break down often, expect delays or just walk, take a taxi.Overall this hotel was OK and we got a bit more than what we expected for the price we paid.	
Jul 11 2006	Do not stay here	We stayed at the Kensington Close in London in March 2006. Our first room was disgusting. In fact, there were stains (that appeared to be human bodily fluids) on the blankets. Also, there was black mold in the bathroom. We moved to another room that still had black mold in the bathroom. We eventually moved up to a suite and there was still mold in the bathroom. Additionally, the staff was extremely rude. They even neglected to make our wake up call and we almost missed our flight back to the US. This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in either Europe or the US.	
Jul 8 2006	A Nice Quiet Cheap Hotel	I visited London for my honeymoon last year and booked the Kensington Close Hotel. I wasn't expecting much since the whole purpose of traveling was to enjoy the city, not the hotel. The front desk staff was courteous and the rooms were clean and quiet. You can't beat the location since it is in a beautiful and safe residential area. The Tube station is about 3-5 minute walk down the street which was nice. Overall I felt very safe and content there. The only thing that bothered me a little bit was the room size. We booked a double room and the size made a motel in the U.S. look like luxury. Also, sometimes it would take forever for room service to pick up the phone. The food at the hotel was not that tasty but not bad. I would definately recommend this hotel for someone who wants location, safety, and a comfortable atmosphere. If you're here to travel that's fine but if you're here for the hotel I would book elsewhere because it's not luxurious. If I visit London again I'll certainly consider it. Happy Travels.	
Jun 26 2006	Excellent location! 200 meters from the Tube Station.	We spent six nights at the Kensington Close Hotel and found the location to be perfect for tourists. Easy access to the tube (Kensington High Street Station). We took a 10 pound taxi from Paddington Station (Heathow Express).Check-in was friendly and efficient. We had a prepaid reservation through British Airways.Based on the previous reviews, the room sizes seem to vary. We were fortunate to have a large room facing the front of the hotel with a couch and two twin beds. We were able to push the beds together to form a queen size bed; they are on wheels and easily movable. The agent at check in told us that a room with two twin beds is bigger than one with only one double bed, so perhaps this is the key in getting a larger room.Room Quality- Average - room was a bit worn. Clean overall, but a bit dusty. Windows can open. Soundproofing was fine. Shower had excellent water pressure.Room size - approx 300sq feet.Irritant - The air conditioning unit appeared to be on a timer and would turn off after two hours making the room stuffy in the middle of the night.Full English Breakfast buffet was included in our room rate. Good selection of hot foods and cold cereals. Not gourmet, but more than adequate.We found the staff (check in, restaurant, concierge) to be very friendly and helpful. Because of the fabulous location, we would definitely recommend this hotel.I would say the North American equivalent of this hotel would be an older Marriott Courtyard or Hilton Gardens Inn.	
Jun 26 2006 	Kensington Close - never again!	I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel for three days in May 2006. Upon arrival I was told I had only booked for one night and not three. However, this was corrected, although the staff seemed more put out than I was. When I got to my (tiny) room the key pass didn't work. Had to return to reception twice to VERY unfriendly staff. The phone didn't work in my room and the cleaning of the room left a lot to be desired.I requested a change to a double room and was told the hotel was full and this wouldn't be possible. However, a friend of my called to the hotel and booked a double room about an hour after this. The breakfast was dreadful. I made the mistake of trying the carvery one evening - disgusting! After this trip I received an e-mail from Kensington Close asking for a review of my stay. I sent them one - however, got absolutely no reply! I'll never stay there again.Rude, unhelpful staff. Terrible food. Small rooms. The only advantage is it's very close to Kensington High Street and the tube.	
Jun 21 2006	NOT to recommend at all !	When we checked in, we didn’t get much information. We were only given our room-number and were told that only continental breakfast was included in the room-price. English breakfast was only available with an upgrade of 4,5 pounds per person per day.First thing we noticed was that it is a VERY big hotel... loads of people staying there. When we got to our room, at the end of a loooong corridor, we had to use our keycards about 6 or 7 times before the door opened. The room was clean but very small. Bathroom even smaller. I sat down on the corner of the bed to take off my shoes, when the bed collapsed... the leg had gone off the bed and screws were lying on the floor under the bed. We went downstairs to the reception and told them about the bed. They said they’d be sending maintenance. Went to our room again and after 10 minutes 2 guys came to check the bed. “Hmm the leg seems broken, don’t know if it’s only the screws or something worse. We have two options: we can put sheets under the bed instead of the leg, and tomorrow we can try to fix it or we can give you the only room we have left, which doesn’t have warm water. In that case you could use the new room for sleeping and the old room for showering until bed is fixed.” We chose the other room. They had someone coming to our room with new keycards. When we entered the new room, we could hear water leaking. We checked the bathroom and there was a big puddle on the floor and the shower was leaking... not dripping, no, really leaking. It was so noisy that we were sure we wouldn’t be able to sleep. We returned to our room and called reception... they didn’t pick up. We tried a second time and they didn’t pick up. We called concierge explained our problem and he transferred us to reception again... nobody picked up the phone. After a few minutes I called reception again. This time they answered and after me telling them our problems, they said they tell the manager. 10 minutes later a guy knocked at our door with a new keycard for a third room. There was no hot water in that either but we could also keep our initial room. We went to the room and when we wanted to go to bed we noticed that the mattress was very small. In fact it was almost 20 cm smaller than the bed. We decided to sleep in it anyway but it was so small we couldn’t turn around without fearing falling out of the bed.The next morning we went to the reception again to remind them to fix our bed. Then we went to the Carvery restaurant and opted for English breakfast by paying 9 pound for the both of us (upgrade). We were very disappointed by the buffet. They had eggs, sausages, bacon, 1 plate with cooked ham, one plate with one kind of slices of cheese, some fruit that was not fresh, very soft (old) croissants, quite hard rolls (quite stale) some cereals and that was about it. It didn’t taste great at all. We decided to try the continental breakfast the next day, since that was included in our room price. When we came back in the evening the bed was fixed. One good thing. But the bed was very bad. Whenever one would move a bit the other one would just be moved up and down on the bed (it was no waterbed)… we ended up in not sleeping much because of the moving on the mattress. The next day we tried continental breakfast. That was in an other restaurant (Italian connection) and it was just a big joke. They had a “buffet” with one plate of sliced cheese (one kind only), which was on some spots already hard on the corners. That was their promised selection of meats and cheeses… then they had the same stale rolls and soft croissants that we had the day before. Some cornflakes some jam, butter, rice crispies and some oranges (not fresh) and that was about it! No forks and knives available for a few minutes etc…The next day, they had the same except that they only had half a plate of cheese, probably the day before’s left-overs.So basically it was nothing more than a big rip-off. We can just warn all of you not to go there, because it is nothing but a big rip-off. Personnel might be mostly friendly but it seems management really just wants to make money and and they really couldn’t care less about their customers.NOT to recommend at all.It ruined our stay at London.Don’t go there if you want to enjoy your stay We weren’t the only ones not happy with this hotel. Overheard many times how people were very dissatisfied.Pro:Friendly staff (most of them)LocationContra:Small roomsSome staff not friendly Worst breakfast everEnglish breakfast only with 4,5 pounds /person/day upgradeEnglish breakfast quite badContinental breakfast. just a jokeVery bad beds	
Jun 18 2006 	Billing problems small rooms no sound insulation between rooms	I have read the other reviews and they are just about right, the rooms are very small, in fact I travel a lot and these are the smallest rooms I have seen - maybe some Japanese guy who designs those tiny hotels in Tokyon did the floor plan. This is an old hotel and they obviously stripped the floors and rebuilt and when they did that they tried to get as many rooms as possible into as little space as possible and used cheap light walls between the rooms.I booked this because my friend was also staying here and we wanted to catch up. I used the Kensington hotel official internet site which was probably my first mistake. I booked a single room which on the internet was GBP140 per night. My checkin guy was pretty rude. They gave me a single room and when i saw the size of the room and the single bed I thought there was a mistake because it was so small so I went back to reception and got a lady who was very helpful and agreed to upgrade me to a double and said &quot;no problems we will leave the rate at the single room rate&quot;. When I checked out they charged me GBP160 for a double room - I protested to no advantage.In addition an english breakfast is GBP13.50. Internet costs GBP10 per 12 hours.Room service was good, quick and good food.This is the worst value for money I think I have seen in London. I would not stay here again.	
Jun 16 2006 	Great location shame about the hotel	The hotel is located right next to Kensington High St tube station (literally a couple of hundred metres.Check-in was fine, hotel was a bit dreary, room much of the same but was very clean and cool. NB: Playstation is a pay extra - always seems so unnecessary!The Italian Connection restaurant was terrible. Hotel restaurants are nearly always bad, but this one was like a step back to the 80s. Starter of mozzerella and tomato turned out to be grotty mozzerella with bad leaf salad. Main course pizza was very doughy.The swimming pool was adequate, if a little dilapidated.Unfortunately Kensington Close is a very average London hotel.	
Jun 14 2006	snooty staff tiny rooms wafer thin walls.....	when i arrived at the hotel with my partner, the receptionist seemed to have no clue with how to deal with internet customers, he appeared to have no interest in providing a warm welcome. The foyer as a whole was very unwelcoming and the hotel is generally quite tatty. The room was very small, the bathroom was in a slight state of disrepair and the television was not able to provide all of the functions it should. The people in the room next door seemed to be foreign students or something, they were very noisy until 1am when i went and complained. Unfortunately it doesn't help that the walls are sooo thin. The only good thing about the hotel is being close to tube station. The pictures you see of it are far too flattering, you get really let down when you see the hotel in daytime!! i was dissapointed i chose this hotel of al of them in london to takemy partner to, don't do it you will find much nicer hotels	
Jun 14 2006	Not bad at all	My girlfriend and I visited London, and after reading endless reviews on London hotels, this hotel seemed to be the best value for money whilst not compromising on quality....The location is great, 2 minute walk to the tube, Beautiful Hyde Park just a 5 min walk, shopping just around the corner, and the standard of the hotel was not too bad. Anyone visiting London for tourism will be out and about all day, so the small size of the rooms wasnt really an issue for us.Overall, the impression was good: The hotel was clean, the service was good, the beds comfortable, and the breakfast was better than average.Would reccommend it to anyone visiting London on a medium budget. Otherwise, there is always the Savoy...	
Jun 9 2006 	There are better Hotels for cheaper	I stayed atthe Kensigton Close Hotel for a week while on a business trip.The Facts:Small RoomsRooms Dirty and oldStains on the chair and desksMirors not cleaned properly.The location of the hotle is central, but that will still not be enough for me to go back again. There are much better hotels in the same area for cheaper.	
May 24 2006	Excellent location great hotel small rooms	Hotel is in an excellent location with the Kensington High Street tube station a block away, as well as several cute clothing stores and restaurants. The hotel itself is very modern and clean, my only complaint is that our room was VERY small. Twin beds pushed together, with no room to push them apart. The bathroom was at the foot of the beds with a mirrored door that slid open (no room for a regular door). The bathroom itself was modern and spacious enough, with a tub/shower combo. We had good water pressure and temperature, although I heard others complain of theirs. Really only slept in the room, so didn't really bother me that it was small. Beds and pillows were comfortable and air conditioning worked well.We had the full English breakfast and it was excellent! It included eggs, bacon (including American style), tomatoes, sausages, toast, croissants, fruit, cereal, juices, coffee/tea,etc. It was very filling!! We also ate at the Italian restaurant in the hotel and I thought it was great (had the lasagne). Would definitely stay at this hotel again if still on a budget!	
Apr 23 2006	Great prices if you book online	We originally planned to stay here for 2 nights, but extended our stay for three. We originally booked online and therefore got a great rate, we were unable to get this rate for our extra night at the hotel, so we went down the road and booked it online!The room was nice, comfortable, but very hot and the AC didn't really seem to do anything. Our lock didn't work on the door and the sink plug was a bit dodgy BUT overall these things didn't really affect our stay, if they had we wouldn't have booked another night here.The location is great for Albert Hall and the museums and buses to knightsbridge and the tube station is just around the corner. We were able to check in early with no charge and the staff were friendly and helpful.Don't pay for breakfast, there are plenty of other places around that are much better and cheaper!Overall, I would stay here again as it was good value for money and in a a great location.	
Apr 3 2006	Great hotel in Terrific location	My sister and I just returned from a short stay at the Kensington Close. The staff was great, the breakfast good and the location just plain terrific. Rooms are small but clean and suited our needs beautifully. We would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 25 2006	Rates Belie Excellence of Accomodations	Found the staff thoroughly helpful and kind, the rooms beautifully appointed and spotless, and the neighborhood delightful. This is a &quot;four star&quot; hotel at bargain basement prices. Traveled with three others who were equally impressed. If you're unfamiliar with London, consider a bus tour of the city. You can hop off and on at will to see various points of interest, take pictures, etc. This was advised by a hotel staff member and made it much easier for us to get acclimated. Whatever you do, don't miss Harrods! The level of customer attention conveyed by the salespeople is exceptional.	
Mar 20 2006	My home away from home!	I have to say I was overall very pleased with the KC. I had read the reviews on here and was a bit worried about what we'd find when we got there, but I had no problems with the place! We were able to check in at around noon, and when we got to our room (on the 5th floor, overlooking the garden area, I requested this upon check-in) I was pleasantly suprised with how perfect the size was. There were two twin beds, and enough space to put our suitcases (mine was on the floor in the closet, and my mothers was on the floor by the bed.) The shower was wonderful, great water pressure, and nice big soft towels. The beds were very comfortable. At night we left the window open a crack, and I didn't hear a sound from anywhere the entire night! We had the full breakfast included in our package, and it was very good. A nice selection of eggs, sausage, tomatoes, fruit etc., and also cereal, bread and pastries if you wanted something lighter. There was also a good selection of juices. To top it all off, the location of this hotel is superb! It is 2 mins walk from Kensington High Street station. There are tons of stores and restaurants just a few minutes walk away. The area is also a very nice, quiet one in a good semi-residential neighborhood. In reading other reviews, one has to keep in mind the expecations of people who are reviewing. If you are expecting pure perfection, I don't think you'll be happy here, or anywhere for that matter. Every hotel on the planet will have some quirks and things people don't like. If you don't like something about the KC, let the staff know, they were very helpful, accomodating and kind. Please feel free to email me if you have any questions.	
Mar 19 2006	overall thought it was a nice place to stay	My Family just returned from London. We booked 2 rooms at the Kensington, one for us and one for our college aged daughters. We thought the rooms overall were smallish, but nice and very comfortable. From what i hear from other visitors to London, this is typical of the hotels. They were clean, quiet and the beds were very comfortable. We thought the staff in the hotel was very accomodating, giving us extra pillows, information about the area, and very punctual with any problems ( we blew a fuse)The free breakfast left something to be desired ( cereal is okay but can you spare a bananna?) but as others have posted the &quot; muffin man&quot; literally right up the street was very good. The water in our rooms was always hot, and plentiful. The pub was comfortable, albeit smokey ( we are from Massachsetts and have been smoke free for 2 years now, spoiled!) but you will find this everywhere, for now. The italian connection in the hotel had really good pizza, and the service was excellent. Couldnt beat the location, the High Street tube connection was a 5 minute walk. Overall i would have no problem recommending this hotel to others	
Mar 17 2006	Great Hotel if you know what to ask for	My best friend and I planned this trip for about a year and was VERY pleased with our room. First of all we arrived to the hotel about 8am, now reading all of the reviews I prepared my friend and myself for a small room and all BUT I also knew that the corner rooms were bigger, so with a smile, wink, and a &quot;it's OK if you can't give us a corner room&quot; attitude, we received a corner room. Our room was HUGE, it had 2 twin beds and enough room for another. We had 4 suitcases between the both of us (2 big ones and 2 medium)we had so much room we left my two on the floor opened and her two were in the closet. The bathroom was updated and nice BUT because we were on the 7th floor the hot water never got hot, it was OK though, enough to take a shower but not lolly gag in there. I honestly can't complain about much, if you can get past the shower this is a GREAT room. Also, don't ask the front desk for a wake-up call they forgot ours but the consiuers didn't so ask them. I read this on another review that the same thing happened, no biggie you've been warned and just ask the guys instead of the front desk staff. I did notice that some of the rooms were small but if your looking for a comfy bed this is the place. The Underground is also 5 mins. away and alot of resturants on High Street.	
Mar 9 2006	Excellent location. Solid hotel.	I just returned from London and stayed at the Kensington Close. I'm from NYC, so I'm no stranger to small hotel rooms. The hotel was clean and included a decent breakfast in the morning. It's in a great location. Didn't love the beds, but I wasn't expecting to stay at the 4 Seasons either. I noticed two other hotels in the area, but I'm not sure what the price range was. This was a solid hotel to eat and sleep and be in an excellent location.	
Mar 8 2006	Shabby but location location...	We stay here regularly as there are often good deals on a travel site we book through. £79 a night is pretty good for central London when it includes a full cooked English breakfast. Rooms are small but always clean and well maintained/service and the a/c heat always works. And you can open the windows. We don't recommend the restaurants and the non-smoking part of the bar is effectively just a draughty corridor leading back past the conference rooms and fitness centre. However, the hotel is being steadily renovated - most rooms are now done and its location is great. You can get a good breakfast in a little tea room just up the road (or McDonalds across the main street) and there are all sorts of good eateries in Kensington High Street. There is also a good shopping mall and the Tube (metro) rail station 5 minutes away up the street. Also, a nice park off the high street. Choose it for location, not frills.	
Mar 5 2006	Good and not so good	We stayed here for 2 nights recently. I had read all the very mixed reviews on this site before going so wasnt sure what to expect. The rooms are small but not as bad as some people have described and they are clean and comfortable. Considering the price of the hotel the location is excellant -Kensington is a very nice area of London and close to all attractions. The only real bad point with this hotel is the food - do not be tempted to eat in the Italian connection, the food in the bar is nice but service is very slow and the continental breakfast was disappointing. However, if you pay the extra for the full breakfast it is well worth it and nothing to complain about! The food should not really be a problem -you are around the corner from Kensington High Street so its easy to find somewhere else to eat in the evening.	
Feb 25 2006	rennovating reception at 11pm!	My husband took me to stay in this hotel as a surprise. We were disappointed on arrival as the room we were given was tiny. There was barely enough room to squeeze between the end of the bed and the bathroom door, which actually doubled up as the mirror!!We arrived back at the hotel at 10pm on our first night. For the next 1/2 hour we listened to what seemed like hammering. I rang reception to find that they were actually carrying out building work in reception and was appalled to discover that it would be continuing well past 1 am. We were offered a room change but this actually took over an hour to sort out and it was well past midnight before we got in our new room. This was just as small!!The rooms were clean and attractive, however the window was broken in the second room so we endured a howling draft all night.Oh, and the fire alarm went off for a minute at 5am on our last morning!!!We were offered no compensation or official apology. I don't think we'll be going again!!	
Feb 16 2006	Great location close to everything	We stayed here in August for 10 days. The rooms were serviced everyday not flash but we only stayed in our room to sleep. Did the tourist thing each day and found the location great, shopping just down the road, tube just around the corner, parks close by. Had breakfast and then grabbed lunch at benjys on the way to the high street tube, went sightseeing all day and had lunch at one of englands lovely parks. Didn't find London expensive at all if you know where to stay and eat. Kensington close hotel was a great price in such an elegant area of London.	
Feb 7 2006	In A Great Area Of London	This is a really good hotel! I will definatly stay there again. The area is lovely and near everything.The rooms are quite nice and much larger than I expected. Well done!	
Feb 4 2006	Onew of the worst and unfriendliest hotels I've ever stayed in	Because of flight problems we arrived a day late, although we phoned from Washington 24 hours in advance so that they could rent the room that night. On arrival they denied receiving the phone call and charged us for the room anyway. Every single day was a fight about breakfast. Although the front desk gave us a booklet entitling us to breakfast (full or continental was never made clear) each time we went in the dining room we were refused as we were not on their list. The room was tiny so that one of us could not unpack and had to keep our things in the suitcase. Only a tiny light in the bathroom. As our flight schedule changed we requested to stay another two days, but were told the hotel was full. We got on the internet and were given an immediate reservation for the two extra nights. On our last night we found ourselves locked out of our room and only by tipping the concierge to get us another key were we able to get in.	
Feb 3 2006	Fabulous location and a great hotel	I travel to London often and stay at this hotel every time. The location is wonderful. It is a two minute walk to High Street Kensington which is one of the best places to shop in London. It is very close to the Tube station and the beautiful London parks.I have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The hotel has a few nice restaurants to choose from. It also has a bar and a small gift shop. There is a lovely large seated area where I always relax for a while before leaving for Heathrow. Rooms cost around £95 per night for a double room, which is fairly typical for a 3 * London hotel. The rooms therefore are not luxurious. However, they are clean and cosy and the beds are very comfortable. The rooms are cleaned thoroughly on a daily basis and you always come back to clean towels and a perfectly made bed. Occassionally, there are problems with rooms but never anything too serious. If you are unhappy about anything, the staff are usually happy to move you to another room. One thing I would say is that the room service is a little overpriced for what you get. Instead, I would definitely recommend trying the lovely Thai restaurant just a few steps away from the hotel. The eating options are endless in this area, sitting in your room is such a waste anyway!The hotel is very popular and is always bustling with tourists from all over the world. I would not hesitate in recommending it to anyone. My Canadian partner joined me on a recent London trip, it was his first stay in the hotel and he just loved it. Another great thing about this hotel is that it is just off the main street, down a quiet little road away from traffic and sirens...so you can have a pleasant nights sleep. Try to book a room that includes breakfast, the breakfast is always very enjoyable. I will be returning to London in a couple of months and will be staying at the Kensington Close yet again. I have stayed in a huge variety of London hotels over the years and this is the hotel I keep coming back to. To me, it really has it all, ideal location, great price and a place to feel at home while you are enjoying all that London has to offer.	
Jan 17 2006	Problems Abound	The Kensington Close Hotel had private parties on the nights that we stayed that were very loud. We weren't allowed to join in on the party, nor could we get any sleep until 2am. The night manager told me that he would ask the party to turn the music down, but he never did. Other guests who complained were offered to change rooms or room refunds on that night. Due to my booking through a popular on-line web site (Orbitz)I was told to approach that company upon return to the States to seek a refund. When I returned the on-line booking company would not offer a refund because they said the hotel would not offer a refund. Additionally, the room smelled like feet from the moldy heater in the room. Good thing I did not have mold allergies.	
Jan 12 2006	Great location!	I stayed at the Kensington Close on January 1-4th 2006. The room is fairly small but very neat. The great thing about this hotel is that is really close to the train station. It is located in a pretty nice neighborhood with lots of shops, mcdonald,pizza hut, and banks all in walking distances. I will definately recommend this hotel.	
Jan 9 2006	Awesome Experience!!!	I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel from December 17-23rd. We had a corner room on the top floor. The View was incredible! The room was as spacious as any American hotel room I had ever stayed in. It was also very clean and the bathroom was spacious as well. The consierge staff was so helpful. We called them at least once a day and they really took care of us. They booked us on a tour, held our luggage for us, and called around for theater tickets for us. The hotel is a 3 minute walk to the tube and High Street is full of great eateries and shopping. The bar staff was helpful and the Italian restaurant in the hotel was delicious. It was truly a paradise at a very affordable price.	
Jan 5 2006 	Hassle free great pool ideal for business trips	I stayed one night in this hotel, and I must say that this is a good hotel given its location, service and amenities. I admit, I got the room on an Expedia price, and later on I discovered that the 40 pounds were kind of a bargain. This review is conditioned upon that price, and for 40 pounds you get a lot of value.The hotel is closely located to the Kensington High Tube Station, it is not worth taking a taxi form the tube station to the hotel, just walk past the EMI building and you are there.Checking in went seamless and fast. The room was really clean, with a renovated bathroom. Nope, the room is not big, but hey, you are in London, you are not meant to stay in the hotel at all. Great is the pool, it opens really early in the morning, so you can do your swim way before breakfast and business. There is a 5 pound surcharge for the pool, but I'm fine with that, as it is probably only meant to deter those who should not be in the pool at all, and I think you'll have to pay it only once per day. You can have breakfast at the hotel, but I don't see the need for that, outside there are many good places where you can have your food as well. The looks of breakfast room and restaurant / bar were fine, so no need to worry.Check out went fast as well, again no queues. All in all, if you want a hotel with character, pool, and hate hassle or queuing, then go for this hotel, especially when they offer a discount.	
Jan 5 2006	Good affordable hotel in London	I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel in London for a three day trip in May. It was a good deal for the time of year and it was a block away from an Underground stop. Also, there are good restaurants and shopping in the area. We found that it was a great spot from which we could do everything we wanted. You cannot walk to the major tourist sites, but we could get where we needed to go with relative ease on the trains and buses. I highly recommend this hotel for a budget-conscious stay (without having to stay in a rat hole). We definitely had a European size room (it was snug). But it was easy to fit two people with 10 days' worth of luggage and the bathrooms are nice.	
Dec 23 2005	Great for the price!	When I write a review I base it all on the price I pay. Now, for the price I paid which was £48 for 2 people for a night I thought this hotel was really good. When I go to a hotel I mainly want to just 'lay my head' and this was no exception! It's in a great location right by Kensington High Street station but down off the main street which was good. The check-in process was a little longer than usual but they gave us 2 swipe cards to the room which was helpful. We were only on the 1st floor so experienced a little noise in the evening but nothing much. The room had tv/ air conditioning &amp; heating plus tea/ coffee making facilities. Breakfast wasn't included but they gave us two half price breakfast vouchers on arrival although we didn't use them.The room was average sized and lovely and clean. The bathroom was quite small but had a bath, sink &amp; toilet plus toiletries which was useful and lovely fluffy white towels.The only reason I haven't given this 5 stars is because our toilet seat was broken when we arrived and the hairdryer didn't work. I went down to tell the concierge and when we return from our dinner they were fixed. However, I felt that the toilet seat especially should have been attended to before arrival as the plastic was broken right across and sharp.So an excellent budget hotel, worthy of its 3* (especially for London). If you can't find rooms there at around £50 then keep looking. I bought from their own website direct.	
Dec 19 2005	Terrible Experience/Room	Rooms are small and the hotel is big - so I felt like I was staying in a 1970's dorm room. I'm used to small Euro hotel rooms, but this was ridiculous. Worse yet, the service was terrible: they gave me the key to an unmade room &amp; I had to go down 6 flights to retrieve an available room; waited over 30 minutes to get two bottled waters from room service; they forgot my wake-up call (had morning appt tickets for Tower of London). I had a better room with far better service in a smaller, more charming hotel right down the street at Kensington Rooms. This hotel is CHARMLESS &amp; I was very unhappy with my stay here. I booked through Eurovacations &amp; thankfully, the Paris hotel I booked through them was wonderful.Only good aspects of this hotel is the nice Kensington neighborhood (albeit out of the way) and relative closeness to the Tube. Other than that, I suggest you book somewhere else!	
Dec 13 2005	A good base for exploring	We stayed in the Kensington Close in October 2005. The room was fairly small, but this is to be expected in such a hotel in London. The staff were friendly and willing to help.We had dinner in the Italian restaurant on one night. The food was OK, although the fish I ordered was not fresh. Portions were very small, and it is not cheap.One major issue I had was that a conference that was taking place at the time had exclusive use of the bar, which was closed for the entirety of our 3-night stay. This just isn't acceptable.On a positive note, the housekeepers did a good job of maintaining both rooms and public areas. The decor is modern and warm, if a little bland.To get to the hotel, take the tube to Kensington High Street. On leaving the station, turn left and take the first left turn past Caffè Nero and EMI Records. The Kensington Close is straight ahead. As you walk down, to your right is the Kensington Tea Rooms - they do a nice pot of tea.	
Dec 8 2005	Great location; not so great hotel	My husband and I were booked into the Kensington Close Hotel by our travel agent who had stayed there herself and recommended it to us. We unfortunately did arrive in London on the &quot;red-eye&quot; and hence arrived at the hotel well before their rigid 2pm check-in time. We both fell asleep in chairs in the bar area for several hours. When 2 pm arrived, our room was &quot;not ready&quot;. The desk clerks spoke little and very poor English which was a surprise to us. We waited until 4:30pm for our room, which turned out to be, as many others have said, most miniature in size. There was not even enough room for my husband and me to open our suitcases at the same time, so we had to stack them on top of each other and take turns rooting through them to find things. The so-called &quot;double&quot; bed required gymnastic feats to get into it that I am sure we could not do even in our 20s. The bathroom was adequate and had a tub which is rare in Europe and as my husband adores baths it was the one thing he liked about this hotel. The continental breakfast hovered very closely near &quot;dreadful&quot;. We found the hotel to be in need of many repairs; it was none too clean and the staff were most unhelpful. The only good thing, as many others have said is the location. It is a few minutes walk to High Street Kensington, where there are many shops, restaurants and the High Street Kensington Tube station. The tube is actually fairly easy to figure out, despite the most intimidating of maps produced of it. The Pret a Manger had good take-way and there is a Marks and Spencer close by. One restaurant in the area not to miss, we think is Wagamamma. It is a unique dining experience, reasonably priced with friendly staff. All in all we would not stay here again, mostly because they seem to cater more to tour groups than to other tourists and their cleanliness leaves something (a lot) to be desired. The front desk staff are most unhelpful. Great location though if you can put up with the other negatives.	
Dec 6 2005	Great Location	Fantastic location, an easy walk to tube and bus stop and in an upscale neighbourhood that was very safe. Our room was very, very small, the bathroom was compact, but very up to date. The room was like living in a house trailer. There were absolutely no drawers in which to store our clothes, we had to paw through our suitcase to get dressed. Our package included an English breakfast, which was okay the first day, but the same menu was repeated day after day, it got to be very boring.	
Dec 5 2005	Great location fine tourist hotel	This hotel is very nicely located. It is clean and comfortable. The rooms are very small but mine had a wonderful large, deep, bath tub just perfect after a long day of walking. I was staying by myself. I can see where the room size would be a little more cramped if you had 2 people in the room. The staff was very nice. Full buffet breakfast was included every day and was certainly all one would need.All in all KC is a perfectly fine hotel with a good location. I would stay again with no hesitation.I am in the hotel business in Baltimore, Md. and believe me I have seen some really bad hotels. This hotel is a fine tourist hotel...sure it doesn't have all the bells and whistles....but you aren't in London to stay in your hotel room all day...so who cares if its a little small and not so tres elegant? KC is clean, neat and affordable.	
Dec 1 2005	Adequate but nothing to write home about	Tiny little rooms...but after reading the reviews here, it was what I expected, so there was no shock. Couples will be very cramped. If you are traveling alone, then you are fine. They mostly have SINGLE beds, so if you are 6' or taller...you may be uncomfortable.Excellent location. It's quiet and 2 blocks from the tube. Not necessarily a &quot;touristy&quot; part of London. There is a Cafe Nero 1/2 block away for good coffee in the morning. Hotel has a nice pub for sandwiches and drinks.Staff was mostly friendly, but the Portuguese gent who checked us in could have been a little nicer. Would probably not stay again if I had a comparable option.	
Nov 30 2005	Nice comfy and convenient	Our stay at Kensington Close was very pleasant. We found it was just around the corner from a tube station, which made it easy to get anywhere we needed to go. The rooms are small, but I suspect that is because the hotel has been retrofitted with a private bath in each room (when it might have once been a shared bath down the hall), so the space for the bath has been carved out of the total room space. The bathroom, while small, sparkled with pretty tile and a nice, long tub -- perfect for soaking away the tiredness from a day of sightseeing! We took advantage of the bountiful breakfast buffet, and a comparable dinner buffet as well: prime rib roast the nights we were there, with choices of other meats, vegetables, breads, and desserts. The staff were all friendly and helpful, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 29 2005	Not as nice as expected	I set out to book a nice hotel for a romantic weekend with my BF. We've been travelling Europe and staying in many hostels and budget hotels and I thought this place sounded a bit nicer. First, the rooms are small. Smaller than some doubles in hostels I have stayed in. The bathroom had a sliding door, since the beds were almost wall to wall and no door could have opened out. There was no minibar in our room (as advertised) but I was so exhausted when I got there that I had no energy to complain. I was looking forward to taking a quick dip in the pool/hot tub, only to find out that they charge guests 5pounds (about $10) to use it. I thought this was pretty cheesy and it took the fun out of it for me. The hotel was listed as a three star on Hotels.com, but is only a two star on this site. I would go with two! It was clean, but not particularly attractive. Don't book this place if you want a special weekend! The best part was the great location and knowlegable concierge.	
Nov 28 2005	Small but perfectly formed	I wasn't expecting wonders from the Kensington Close - I'd read several reviews here which complained about poor service and tiny rooms. So I warned my husband not to expect much as we lugged our bags along the five-minute walk from Kensington High Street Station.Well, it was fantastic. Yes, the room is small, and yes, you really do have to clamber over the bed to get to the window. Big deal. If that's a deal-breaker for you, the price of the room should have put you off! The bed was one of the most comfortable we had experienced for a long time, the room had everything we needed in it, we thought the small size was cute and rather cleverly arranged for the size. The bathroom was good, too - excellent water pressure (that's always a gamble in a UK hotel...).You actually DON'T have to walk through the smoke-filled bar to get to your room - there are (at least) three lifts, and two of them let you avoid the bar entirely. Not that the bar is bad. The food there is actually very good - we recommend the fish and chips. Yes, it stinks of smoke, but it's a bar, what do you expect. The Carvery restaurant is also quite good - bit of an old-lady place to have dinner (excellent value though) and it puts on a great breakfast!I thoroughly recommend the KC Hotel and would definitely stay again.	
Nov 22 2005	Great if you know what it is (witch is small)	Great if you are in town for a weekend. any longer and the rooms are to small to spread out your stuff. The room we had was the width of two single beds with about two feet in the middle and about twice as long. But for a saturday night in london right by the tube it was £50 each well spent.Great location just off from kensington high street and really close to the tube stop. I'd stay again	
Nov 22 2005	A *great* hotel would stay here again without hesitation!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Kensington Close hotel in October 2005. I have to say, this was one of my more enjoyable hotel experiences. The room was GORGEOUS, and clean, and the bathroom was awesome with an amazing shower. The room was indeed small, but there was plenty of room for our luggage and a desk on top of that, so it was more than adequate for our needs. We only used the room for showering and sleeping, we weren't hanging out there for any long periods of time, so I don't know what we would have needed any extra space for. We didn't make use of any of the hotel's facilities, as we preferred to see the city, but they certainly looked quite nice. The hotel bar got EXTREMELY smokey though, you could smell the smoke practically outside the door - one of the things that I won't miss about London was their lack of smoking laws. I was definitely glad to get back to the smoke-free bars and restaurants of Dublin!Accessibility was amazing. The hotel was a 5 minute walk from the Kensington High Street subway stop, so I really had no complaints there at all. As the title of my review says, I wouldn't have ANY hesitation about staying at this hotel again.	
Nov 21 2005	Good hotel	We got a great deal on this hotel through priceline. The room was nice, but small, with a private bath with bathtub, and tv. The hotel is conveniently located near an underground station and there are a variety of shops nearby.The staff was friendly and accomodating, allowing us to store a bag at the hotel for over a week until our return to London. Overall, I was very happy with this hotel, especially for the reduced price we got.	
Nov 16 2005	I would never recommend this place to anyone	This would have to be THE worst hotel I have ever stayed in and just lately there have been quite a few.The airconditioning didn't work, there were tea and coffee but no kettle. The sheets on the bed were too short and you could see the dingy stained mattress underneath (charity shops wouldn't even give away mattresses this bad). The sheets were stained and the place smelt stale like it hadn't been opened in a while.The room was small, I had to climb over the bed to get to the window with a view of the top of another building with the lovely background hum of airconditioners that did work, couldn't open the window anyway. Just as well I may have jumped out, the beginning of my holiday was not getting off to a great start!! The bathroom was tiny, definitely not clean even with the overwhelming smell of bleach.I could get no answer for help from the front desk and when I went down there to get some service there wasn't anyone at the desk anyway.You had to walk through a smoke filled bar to get to the rooms and the smell seemed to rise up the floors and for a non smoker that is a pretty disgusting odour.My messages were not delivered and I missed out on some vital information that I needed. When I had asked at reception when I arrived for messages I was told there were none and my phone light would flash if there were, it didn't flash and I missed three messages. When I went to check out, again there was no-one manning the service desk and after waiting I ended up leaving my key card on the desk and walking out, too bad I had paid in advance or I certainly would have questioned my bill.As this was the first hotel that I had stayed in at the beginning of my holiday I really didn't know what to expect so more or less accepted this is what your money buys you but by the end of a 5 week tour in similiar hotels all over UK and Europe I would have to say this is the hotel from hell and if I had known then what I know now I certainly would have been jumping up and down and complaining loudly.My recommendation to everyone, DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL.	
Nov 3 2005 	Great hotel but tiny bedroom	If it weren't for the claustrophobically small bedroom this would be a great hotel. I've stayed at many hotels in the same price range in the past few months and this is one of the better ones. It's also the only hotel for the price that I've stayed at with a gym.The restaurants in the hotel (a Carvey and an Italian) are both very good with excellent food and friendly staff. The general hotel service is also good; when I rang reception to enquire where ironing facilities were, I had an ironing board delivered to my room in what must have been under a minute. That's fast!The rooms themselves have air conditioning which is a bonus, as well as a safe, but the tv channels are limited to the basic 5 terrestrial ones.The gym is open to the public as well as hotel residents so is reasonably well equipped with various resistance and cardio machines, as well as a swimming pool. A couple of other hotels I've stayed at have claimed to have a gym, but when I turned up these were literally no more than one running machine and an exercise bike. The Kensington Close hotel actually has a gym that is decent!My only gripe with this hotel is the size of the room, it's one of the smallest I've stayed in so far. Maybe there are bigger rooms available but for this reason alone I'll think twice about staying here again as I personally like a bit of space. If you're not bothered by a small room though I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2005	Home away from home!	We had heard some horror stories about hotels in Europe-how small the rooms were &amp; how some rooms did not have private bathrooms. My husband and I travelled around Europe for our honeymoon-we stayed at numerous hotels &amp; went on a fantastic cruise-but one of our favorite places was London. Mostly because this hotel was so helpful in every aspect. The rooms were smaller than hotel rooms in Canada-but larger than what I expected. My husband and I were very comfortable &amp; had lots of room. The bathroom was really nice-shower and tub! The location of this hotel was awesome-we did the big bus tour-hop on &amp; off - and the bus stop was a minute walk away from the hotel. You could also walk to a lot of attractions. The hotel is in the heart of the shopping district. The underground station was even closer to the hotel than the bus stop! The hotel itself has two restaurants &amp; a bar-we ate at the carvery for a buffet supper-it was amazing and affordable! The buffet breakfast which is icluded-was the best out of all the hotels we stayed at! the concierge here are amazing-they got us great deals on sightseeing! There is also a travel agent on site in case you want to book an excursion outside of the city. Listen-I saw a couple of bad reviews on this hotel &amp; I couldn't believe it! My husband and I wouldn't stay anywhere else. The location doesn't get any better &amp; the staff can't do enough for you! I searched for hotels for months before our trip &amp; this was by far my best decision! It was like a home away from home!	
Oct 16 2005	5th stay here!	I have just returned from my 5th stay at this hotel. It was great. I love the location in a super neighborhood and easy transportation options to whisk one all over the city. My room was a single-small but recently remodeled and very clean. I actually had more storage space than I remember in the old rooms. The quality of the continental breakfast is s0-so but there are loads of options close by. s a single woman traveling aone, I always feel safe in this hotel and neighborhood. I even tried the Carvery Restaurant one night-it was good and 2 courses cost about $18.I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. The pool,too, is a wonderful way to ease tired muscles. Brian, the concierge, is very accomodating and knowledgeable.	
Oct 13 2005	Good location	This hotel is in a very good location just around the corner from High Street Kensington tube stop. We had a very adequate room although small as are most rooms in England. Others in our group had problems mostly with the desk cancelling either their reservation or saying were checking out when they weren't. They will store luggage at no charge.	
Oct 12 2005	Best holiday ever	Never stayed in London before, so I was pretty apprehensive. I didnt post a report because I didnt think it needed it. But i was just booking the same hotel, and quickly looked at the reviews and was shocked. This hotel was perfect for a short london stay, if people want to go to london, this is the place to go. My girlfriend and I have never had a bad thing to say about it. Don't listen to the U.S.A tourists who need the big rooms, they are fine! The pool is awesome and perfect to chill out in before going out in the evening, and the setting is good, being just 2 minutes away from the tube. nuf sed.	
Sep 29 2005	pool	Hotel was nice but pool was grimey the tiles were very dirty in the pool. and they made you pay for it	
Sep 29 2005	Great location	We stayed in this nice hotel for 4 nights. Yes the rooms are small, especially depending on which one you get. We had 3 couples traveling together and each couple had a different room size and arrangement. We lucked out with the bigger room of the 3. It looks like they added bathrooms to each room, and that's why the rooms are now so small. The bathrooms are good size and have a combination tub/shower, which you don't always get in a London Hotel. The beds were very comfortable. We paid $105 per night for our rooms thru a deal with British Airways. That's a great price in London. The location can't be beat. Just 2 blocks from the High Street Kensington Tube Station, Boots Drugstore (in case you forgot something) and lots of shopping. Also, this Hotel is on a side road with limited traffic, which made our room very quiet. Our room faced the East. The front desk service was quite pleasant. The breakfast, which was included in our room, was a typical British breakfast. A buffet hot English breakfast, plus cereals, fruits and yoghurt. If you get tired of the Hotel breakfast, there is a cafe just a block away with good food. We didn't try out the spa or swimming pool, because we were too busy sightseeing. Yes, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 21 2005	Great old hotel	Spent two nights here before a tour of England, Scotland and Wales. This is a fine, older hotel with excellent service. Rooms were very clean, the bathroom facilities a little outdates but OK. Excellent help as for what to see and do in London with a short time schedule. Dinning room staff gives good service and the food was excellent. This hotel is not located right in London, but is close to Hyde park and there are many things to see and do in the area. Great bargin, and a good place for families.	
Sep 20 2005	Nice Hotel	Stayed in the Kensington Close in August, very pleasant stay.Just off Kensington high street, handy to metro station.Rooms were a little small, but clean and tidy.	
Sep 19 2005	Nothing to write home about	Rooms are tiny an the hotel in general looks outdated.I wouldn't stay again.	
Sep 13 2005	Not as close as you might think	In August 2005 I stayed for three nights in this nice, clean, quiet hotel, with a safe in the room and good water pressure in the shower. The hotel provides tea, instant coffee, sugar, cream, an electric kettle, a pants ironing device, shampoo, bath gel, soap, and pillow mints. The room was of a decent size and the elevator problems mentioned in the earlier reviews seem to be thing of the past. I never waited more than a few seconds for an elevator.As another reviewer noted, there is no top sheet on the bed, just a bottom sheet covered by a duvet. The duvet on my bed had a huge rip - more than two feet across - on the underside. I left a note for housekeeping asking for it to be replaced and it was, but the bottom sheet on the bed was never changed. The bed is a bit short by Amercian standards. Anyone over 5'10&quot; is going to be uncomfortable.I came home very late one night to have the television set come on after I stuck my key in the slot. Quite disturbing since I had not used the TV. I called the front desk to complain and to make sure I had not been charged for a movie and was told by the woman who answered the phone that she would call me back in five minutes. I never heard from her again.The spa is only a swimming pool, but it is a good sized attractive looking pool. I didn't use it. There is no exercise equipment and no weights. They have yoga and aerobic classes (I think they charge extra for them) but there weren't any the weekend that I was there because it was a three day holiday weekend for the Brits. This seemed like a very stupid reason to cancel exercise classes.The biggest problem I had with this place was trying to locate it. Although they are near the Kengsington High tube station (not to be confused with the Kensington South tube station) they did not provide detailed directions on their web site and I walked around carrying my luggage for a while until, by process of elimination, I was able to finding the street that they are on. From there, it is a full city block to the end of the street to the hotel. I had asked three locals (employees of shops at the tube station) and none of them were able to direct me to the hotel or to the street that it is on, so if you choose to stay here and arrive by tube, get yourself a map and call ahead for detailed instructions.The location of the hotel, although near a commercial area, was not ideal for a first time visitor to London. As far as I can tell, it is not walking distance to a single tourist attraction and the tube line that it is on is one of the minor ones, requiring a transfer from one line to another - and perhaps to a third - for each trip to the tourist areas. There is nothing especially wrong with this hotel, but for this reason alone I would not stay here again. Wouldn't it be nicer at the end of the day to walk a few blocks from the theatre or pub to your hotel rather than to transfer from one tube line to another and stand on a subway platform waiting for your train?	
Sep 8 2005	Hotel stay was Okay	I stayed at the Kensigton Close Hotel on the 4th floor for 5 nights with my elderly mother. The first room they gave us, the toilet would not flush. But the staff were very nice and changed our room. I was however surprised at the smallness of the room. My mother was not able to open the huge, heavy, sliding bathroom door. The worst part was that the pillowcases had a terrible odor. Infact, the hallways had a terrible odor as well.We did enjoy the breakfast in the Cavery. Even though we were marked for a continental breakfast, no one checked the back of our room card. So, we helped ourselves to the delicious scrambled and poached eggs, baked beans, sausage, bacon, and the fresh figs.The hotel was clean as was our room. But, sometimes our room wasn't cleaned until well into the afternoon.I didn't like the fact that they charged 5 pounds to use the pool that should be free.If they get rid of the smell from whatever they use to clean with, I might stay there again .	
Aug 31 2005	Rooms terrible	Hotel owned by Japenese.All rooms made for small people.They even charge you to swim in the pool(5pounds).Gauge you as soon as you walk through the door	
Aug 30 2005	Nice Clean hotel	It has a lovely website, so we were really looking forward to our stay in London.When, we got to the hotel, we were not disappointed, it was very clean and tidy, the rooms we a little small, but we didn't stay in the rooms for long, just to sleep in.The swimming pool was lovely, the staff were friendly, the restaurants were really good.Also, a little cafe called The Muffin Man Cafe nearby, is lovely to have breakfast in !!	
Aug 27 2005	Great Hotel	Very nice place. We stayed there the day before our Cosmos tour of Scotland and stayed the last day of the tour. The rooms were clean and neat, as was the lobby, bar, dining room ..actually the whole place was very clean. We ate breakfast in the dining room and the food was very good..hot and fresh..fruits were fresh...good coffee. We went to the bar and everyone there was really nice. I noticed a ramp outside that would allow anyone with a wheelchair easy access.Very courteous staff...elevators ran without problems.We would definitely use this hotel again.	
Aug 23 2005	Good average hotel in Kensington	We've stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel for 4 days in April. The room was very nice, clean and of normal size. I would not recommend the breakfast in the &quot;Italian Connection&quot;. This &quot;restaurant&quot; is full of plastic (like Mc Donalds or even worse). Get the buffet English breakfast, it's worth its money.The staff is friendly, the hotel pub good (even though some new furniture there might be nice). It's is only a short walk to the next tube station.I would stay there again.	
Aug 21 2005	Great hotel-wonderful location	This is a simple hotel but lacks nothing- it is a great location and I would highly reccommend it-	
Aug 19 2005	Nice Place	I recently spent 4 nights in this hotel. It's in a great spot near High Street shopping and the tube. The rooms had obvious been repainted and the bathrooms remodled, however the carpets were so thread bare you could almost see through to the floor. The furniture was very outdated but functional. Some of the rooms were the size of a closet. This was okay because we did not spend that much time in the room. If your tall you may have a problem with the bed size. My husbad feet hung over the bottom and he is only 5'10&quot;.This hotel is equiped with three very good restaurants. Just remember not all Italian restaurants are the same. Garlic bread here was an appetizer and not included with dinner. All and all I would stay here agian.	
Aug 14 2005	kensington close---to everything!	i thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the KC. the room was spotless, with fluffy white linens and a lovely wool blanket. the mattress was firm, but that is a plus in my book. the pillows were a tad flat, but you get two! i was in a single, so there was a little more 'walking around room' than in a double and i had room to open my huge suitcase. the bathroom was largish with a tub and shower and again, spotless.the air-conditioning worked very well and the room was cooled within minutes of putting the key card in the slot. there is a small tv with britains five basic channels (but you're not in london to watch telly are you?) my room was at the very back of the building which meant a bit of a walk, but also dead quiet at all times of day.the public areas are a bit worn but comfortable ( i actually napped on one of the sofas while waiting to check in) i only ate at the italian restaurant on my last night. it was nothing special and expensive ($30CDN for a bowl of pasta, garlic toast and a coke). i was just too tired to walk elsewhere. here's a tip...if you want to try the full breakfast, ask at the desk for a half price coupon. i got one, but didn't use it and gave it away. marloe's bar is fun for an end of day drink or a snack. it was quite smoky smelling though, which put me off.the concierge desk was fantastic, patiently answering my million questions and booking tours and shuttles for me throughout my stay. as for the pool/spa....totally worth $5 per STAY. i was in that jacuzzi (yes, it's small, but not usually crowded) every evening and found it to be clean and rejuvenating. people do like to do laps in the pool though and sometimes they acted annoyed if you just wanted to float and relax in a corner. what's up with that??? there is also a steam room, sauna and very nice clean showers and dressing area. they even have that machine that wrings out your bathing suit! bring a pound coin for the lockers (you get it back) here's something else i noted...i only saw one child my entire stay?? you'd think with the pool, the place would be overrun with little kids.as others have said, this hotel is very convenient to the tube, shopping, restaurants and has quick connections to everything. i would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 4 2005	we <3 kensington close	my friend and i thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the kensington close. the room was very comfortable and the service was impeccable. we loved the pool and steamroom. also the lounge was a great place to hang out. the eating choices were expansive and quite delicious. thank you!!	
Aug 4 2005	Great Location but not worth the poor service	Spent a week at this hotel during the month of June. Would definitely not recommend it. Although it's close to the tube, and it's clean. The beds are not comfortable and most of service during hours before and after 9-5 are deplorable. The beds I guess are new - single beds that is - and they are rounded so I felt like I was always going to fall out of bed. They opened a window in my room where I couldn't reach to close it and I heard the hotel bellmen while for taxi's all night. Also - maybe this is a cultural thing - but the bed did not have a top sheet on it. The only thing between me and the duvet was the duvet cover which - i don't know when it gets washed as it wasn't done during my week there??? And people do some funky things on those beds... Paying for a pool although only 5 pounds is still not acceptable. Especially since that is what brought me to the hotel in the first place. It's not as modern as it appears on the ads. There was never anyone answering telephones when ordering room service - tried for days - tried for hours. I had friends in London try to call me many times at my hotel - no one ever picked up the phone. I've even tried to call when I was out to see if anyone had left me a message and no one ever picked up the phone. Food at breakfast - don't bother. it's horrible. People only eat there if it's part of their hotel package therefore they would view it as free. It's cold, not fresh and the service is very limited. The concierge was good - they were very helpful. Well - it's your choice to stay there but at least you are warned.	
Aug 1 2005	The Ashes Experience	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights during the Lord's Test Match. I found the Hotel to be in a &quot;tired&quot; condition but otherwise it was an enjoyable experience. The hotel has a popular bar with good meals, a Cavery priced quite well and an Italian resteraunt. It has an internet section where you can get online for £1 per 12 minutes which is very handy.The Hotel is VERY well situated with a Marks &amp; Spencer &amp; train station up the road about 300m.. There are MANY Cafe's &amp; Resteraunts on the main street and Kensington Palace is a short walk away.The downsides were the toilets in the main foyer (didn't flush well) and the overall condition of the hotel.......there seemed to be a never ending problem with the elevators - The rooms are small but most are in Europe so the overall experience was positive, especially seeing Australia won the Lord's Test :)	
Jul 27 2005	A modern hotel great location. Fantastic value.	As with other commenters, I do not understand the negativity of others about this hotel. We stayed for 3 nights and were pleasantly surprised based on the comments of some reviewers. We stayed in the middle of the hotel on the 7th (top) floor and found it to be quiet and relaxing, just like one would want after a long day of trekking around London. The room was small as should be expected but the bathroom was larger than some that I've stayed in here in North America. It even had a large soaker tub in it. We were never really in the room anyway so we were unconcerned about the size.The Shower was fantastic, great water pressure and lots of hot water. I would suggest that you open the window though as I set off the Fire alarm from the steam.Air conditioning worked fantasticly, though you were not able to leave it on when you left the room. You have to place your room key in a thing by the door that activates the AC and all of the lights. It didn't take long to cool down though because of the size of the room. Send a note ahead to request an early check in... though our original room was not ready they accomodated my request by moving to another room. I did see a lot of other people waiting for their rooms to become available. We booked through expedia at a rate of £70 per night. For that rate I think that this hotel more than delivers on what is offered. I would absolutely stay again.	
Jul 27 2005	Really enjoyed the Kensington Close	Stayed at the Kensington Close...great location ( quiet at night but busy during the day) ...Rooms were real small but everything was clean. Hotel was a block from the High Street Metro station and a block from shops and restaurants...Bank and American Express were within walking distance....Room included breakfast ( continental, not fabulous but did the trick...) Would stay here again...staff helpful..	
Jul 27 2005	Calm and Comfortable	I found this hotel to be a very pleasant one. The room was a nice size and the beds were exceedingly comfortable with fun, puffy duvets. The bathroom was a nice size with a good deep bathtub and a shower. The cleaning staff liked to come around quite early in the morning and you could hear them conversing outside your door, but hey it was like a free alarm clock and got me out into the day. The 12 pounds for breakfast was a little steep. The breakfast was very good, lots of choice. The coffee was dreadful but there is a cafe Nero up the street. You could buy daily papers in a little shop off the lobby which was great and there were even computer terminals to check your email. There did seem to be some rather loud school groups, but once you closed your door you didn't hear them. It was a restful place to come back to every night and I would definitely stay there again. I can recommend it without hesitation. Hint: I got a good deal when I booked on Expedia.	
Jul 27 2005	good all around accomodations	We stayed three nights total - one before our tour and two after.Small rooms - but clean and well appointed.Three restaurants on site - we tried all three.Decent prices - but not cheap.Very good location for touring and access to almost everything.Hotel staff was fairly helpful in all aspects.All in all a good place to stay.	
Jul 25 2005	Charming hotel	I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel in March for one night. The hotel is located in a very charming neighborhood. Our room was small, but we had expected this. It had a tv, little closet, a desk and two twin beds. The bathroom was also small. The room was perfectly fine though, and very clean. We ordered room service for dinner which was DELICIOUS, got massages in the spa which were great, and had a continental breakfast which had a wide variety of cereals, danish, coffee, tea and juice. The staff was friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 24 2005	Great breakfast dodgy room allocation	I have to disagree completely with the earlier reviewer that said the breakfast was terrible.I've stayed in many London hotels and have to rate this best for breakfast. English breakfast was perfectly made/delicious and there were ample tables, in a very nice, comfortable environment. Room allocation was bad. We booked with LastMinute, but the hotel had overbooked the normal rooms and so upgraded us a suite for the first night. Apart from forgetting to transfer our luggage to the normal room, and giving us a twin instead of a double, and the cleaning lady trying to check us out a day early (mistake on her list), there were no problems.Bathrooms were new, tiled, and very nice compared to other London hotels. Excellent gym facilities, only £5 no matter how long you stay is fantastic. Also restaurant and lounge areas were nice and modern.On reading other reviews there are obviously some rooms that are not renovated yet, and some that are smaller than the one we stayed in (we had a larger one because of needing an infant cot) Very nice hotel let down by overbooking. 5 stars because of the rooms and facilities.	
Jul 14 2005 	Reasonable rooms awful breakfast	Stayed here a couple of times now, first stay was poor as room was in need of repair and renovation work was going on in the corridor. Second stay was in a renovated room and although very small as before, it was modern, clean and comfortable. The real let down was the breakfast. There are three restuarants (I was allocated the Italian) which was a free-for-all affair and considerably understaffed. No one to show you to a table, no clean tables anywhere, most of the food had run out or was about to (not that there was much choice anyway)... my worst hotel breakfast ever I'm afraid. I didn't bother risking an evening meal. However, a fair price and excellent location (just a few minutes from the nearest tube station and high street) always leads me to this hotel. Just avoid the breakfast and pop into one of the Cafes around and in the tube station and you'll have a pleasent stay.	
Jul 10 2005	kensington close hotel	my husband and i stayed for 6 nights and absolutely loved our stay! We stayed on the 3rd floor, front of building and heard very little noiseThe hotel staff, concierge were a world of wealth. The hotel buffet is a bit pricey, but we were on vacation !!Our rooms were cleaned every day.I had read before booking that rooms are small, but i was very relieved when i opened the door.	
Jul 9 2005	What was all the negativity about?	Stayed in the hotel from June 23-28. We arrived early and after a small misunderstading about the name the room was under , Married or maiden, we were let into our room at 11 in the am, very nice after all night flight.We were very happy with the room, very good size by european size. We had a double and ny parents stayed at the same time and they had a single and also a good size.The room was clean the bathroom was a good size and while the lobby always seemed busy the hallways were always quite and we only saw 4 other people in the hallways the entire time. The location was great, right around the corner from the tube and lots off shops!!!!There was also a McDonalds right up the street:)	
Jun 28 2005	Nice location nice staff.	Stayed here with my mother for a week in June. The room was small but we knew that going in. Room was very clean and thank goodness for the air conditioning as there was a heatwave when we were there. Staff was friendly, and Paul the concierge was great. No fridge in the room so if you want to bring something back and keep it cold, bring a cooler! For the price it was a good deal and a good place to come back to and sleep at the end of a long day.	
Jun 25 2005	Very clean rooms--tiny but adequate	Friendly staff--concierge very helpful. Close to tube and shopping. A/C could have been cooler. Rooms are spotless and the beds very comfortable. Lots of tour groups use the hotel so the lobby is often crowded. The buffet in the Carvery Restaurant very nice--wide selection of delicious entrees and side dishes. If you need spacious rooms, this is not the hotel for you. Rooms are tiny but the bathrooms are nice with large tubs. It's an older hotel but I would stay there again.	
Jun 19 2005	Decent hotel good location	Stayed there from june 11-14. Location was great: near shopping area, restaurants, and train station (&quot;underground&quot;). Room is small but clean. Only problem we had was the slow shower drain. Staff were nice and very helpful.	
Jun 18 2005	Not the best	I stayed at the Kensington Close in London - near the Kensington tube- on June 3 and 4th. This was not our first choice as I had read some of the reviews which were negative. But, our first choise was not available so here we were. We were booked by a large wholesaler for a double room, and I protested that we needed a twin. Sure enough, when we arrived they gave us a room with one bed that was so small, that all our luggage could not fit in. (We were just off a cruise on the QM2). So we had to upgrade to a triple executive which was one bed with a sofa which should have made into a bed, but it proved to be broken so we took turns sleeping on a twin rollaway that was brought in. The elevator did not always work and the breakfast was not very good. l. They served canned fruit. A reading light bulb was burned out and not replaced in the two days we were there. We lost valuable sightseeng time trying to find other arrangements, but we were prebooked, so finally had to accept it. They need to make some improvements. I do not recommend.	
Jun 16 2005	Great location	Stayed for a week, the decor was older, but the room was of a good size for (dbl) for a european hotel. The staff was understanding as we had a transport day from hell, and arrived @ 2 am. Still held the room for us, and even offered us a free breakfast. Having the tube and high street only two minutes away (take the back alley, its well lighted and leads you right to the tube station!) Not having a fridge was a bit of a pain, but nothing we couldnt handle. We ate at the bar and the Italian connection, the bar was good, although the music didnt fit the decor, the italian cnx left chicken bones in my 'boneless' chicken pasta, so beware, but after discussing politely with the manager, they were very apologeticThe spa was good, and contrary to popular belief it is 5 pounds per stay at the hotel NOT per night.Overall I was very happy with the Kensington close and would stay there again.	
Jun 15 2005	Could not recommend Kensington close	We recently stayed at the Kesington close for a two night break to see a show in the Dominion theatre. We arrived to a crowded reception and waited twenty minutes to book in. The luxurious twin room booked from the website had been double booked, because of this, we were promised an upgrade to an executive suite the following day, so our first night was spent squashed in a very small &quot;double&quot; bed. The executive suite turned out to be a small twin room! The continental breakfast was horrific, only sandwiches (unfresh bread) were available from room service after 10pm. I could go on listing the negatives, the only positives were an extremely helpful concierge, the majority of staff very pleasant &amp; located close to kensington underground station	
Jun 14 2005	Tourist Hotel but with good points	My sister and I spent May 29, 30 at this hotel as part of a promotion with British Airways. I wouldn't have chosen it but as it came free with the airfare, it was all right. The room was small, but that wasn't a problem. It was clean, and the concierge was very helpful. The toilet flushed intermitently, which was a bother. It caters to large touring companies; therefore, it usually has tons of tourists from everywhere standing checking in or out. It has a good location, however. It advertises computer access, but part of the time when we were there it was out of order. And be aware that the keyboard is different; so you can't touch type, and it is expensive to use. All in all, it did well enough for the first two days of our trip.	
Jun 12 2005	Great Price for an A/C Hotel in a Great Neighborhood...	If your looking for a bargin with air conditioning in a good area...this is it!Remember all the rooms in London are small. We payed only $250 for three nights with Expedia booking. A/C was important in case it was hot out, and/or it was too noisey for the window to stay open. We wanted the window open and it was too noisey for us. Great view from the front of the hotel in a cute little corner. Just a couple of blocks from the tube that takes you everywhere. Starbucks right around the corner, and so is a lot of upscale shopping. Room was not in the best of conditions if you are picky. Ugly chair in the room and carpet was in poor condition. But the beds which are more important were great...soft with great pillows. Bathroom was clean, but lighting was not we are use to in the U.S. Again you give and take a little. Clearly I would go back again for this price with A/C in a great area...hard to find. I should mention that they gave us an upgrade from our initial reservation because we came in early and that was the only room available.That was nice.	
Jun 8 2005	Not Bad	Got this room for four nights through Priceline (5/22/2005-5/26/2005). The room was small and manageable but the bathroom was really small. If you had a weight problem, you would never be able to get to the wash basin or to the toilet. I judge the cleanliness of the bathroom by the grout. There were mold and mildew on the grouting and also a film of crud on the tile surrounding the tub. The bedroom area was not too bad.	
Jun 6 2005	Location. Location.Location.	Recently stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel in Kensington area of London for five (5) nights. The room was somewhat tight, but what rooms, in this price range, are not tight. The bathroom was abnormally small - more on that later. The hotel erred in assigning us to a smoking room. On the plus side - considering that this was supposed to be a smoking room, you would never know. The mattress was a little worn, but comfortable nonetheless. The hotel pretty much caters to tour companies. This is not that bad as there is always activity in the lobby. Our room, located on the first floor, was very quiet. The room also had air conditioning, which is a major plus for those humid days in London. Service was pretty decent. However, on one occasion, the housekeeper forgot to pull our door closed and it remained slightly ajar the entire day we were gone. The good news is that once I complained, the manager on duty as well as the housekeeping manager and security manager contacted us immediately to aplogize and make sure that the cleaning staff was advised of the error. We did eat on one restaurant, The Carvery, which we thought was pretty good for a hotel restaurant. We had the price fixe special. The location of this hotel is its best attribute. You are but two blocks to High Street and the High Street Tube station. From there, you can get anywhere in London. And you are walking distance to Kensington Palace, Royal Albert Hall and the Victoria and Albert Museum. All in all, a pretty decent hotel for the budget conscious traveler.As for the bathroom - the towels were very absorbant. The bathroom was spotless. However, as I mentioned earlier, it is a very compact bathroom with not much space to spare.	
Jun 6 2005	Must Forget	The smallest double room in the world. The whole place is very tired. Lifts were not working on the Sunday.1 person on check out desk.Never again	
May 24 2005	Adequate	Just got back from a one night stay in May 2005. The hotel staff was pleasent and upgraded us to an executive room. The room looked nice but on closer inspections had flaws. The first one being that a leg of the bed was broken and when I sat on it the bed tipped over. That is when we found out that the bottom of the sheet had holes in it. The door to the bathroom was broken and had to be pushed very hard to open and close. A light in the bathroom was out and the tub mat and shower curtian had mildew on it. Breakfast was not good to say the least. I probably wouldn't stay here again. At the very least I require a clean room.	
May 19 2005	Wonderful Stay	Yes the rooms are a little bit small, but it's Europe, people! What did you expect? Charming rooms with a surprinsingly huge bathroom. Great concierge staff as well as a fantastic spa staff. Wonderful location, 2 blocks from High Kensington underground stop. Can't beat the price! Plan on staying there again when I go back to London in August.	
May 18 2005	Have stayed here twice and would stay again	I stayed for three nights in March, and while the rooms are very small (think cruise ship cabin), it was fine for two people. I also found the room to be just as clean and neat as the first time I stayed here several years ago. The location is perfect, with the tube station only a three minute walk away, as well as shops and restaurants.	
May 18 2005	Great Location!	Have stayed at Kensington Close the last two times we have traveled to London. Have stayed in other London hotels but for the money, the Kensington is quite nice. We are planning another trip this summer and have already booked with Kensington Close. Quiet. The location is great! Within a very short walk to tube station and bus stops. Many things within walking distance. Rooms tend to be small but, hey, it's Europe!	
May 9 2005	never again	stayed for two nights, wouldnt go back, cut leg on mattress spring in room 156, receptionists didnt want to know, asked for a new mattress said they didint have any, the continental breakfast was a joke, cold hard rolls, no toast, cold tea and coffee, plastic cheese, had to keep asking waiters to refill stock, had to eat in the dirty bar as no tables available, overall wouldnt go back again, receptionists very unhelpful.	
Apr 24 2005	I was happy...	I decided to treat myself to a trip to London, UK on Valentine's Day this year. I actually booked the hotel via Priceline.com and got a decent price of about $66USD a night (plus service charge etc). The room was clean and nicely decorated. It wasn't of a 'classic' sort of decoration but it was decorated with very simple but yet comfortable colours of red, orange, and yellow. Very nice room. The bathroom was alright - the showerhead was old - I wasn't able to figure out how to adjust the water temperature even though i was there for 3 nights. The graduations were completely washed off already due to age. The tap water was dirty - this is compared to the Canadian standard, though. I have heard that they have hard water in London, so that's expected. There is a Boots (Pharmacy/drug store however you call it) about 5 min walk from the hotel, as well as a Marks and Spencers (clothing and grocery) right next to it. It was convenient because I got hair conditioner and minearl water and fresh fruits, from these non-touristy shops. The underground was also right there and the neighbourhood was very nice and quiet. If I ever return to London again, I would definitely consider staying at Kensington Close again - remember to bring the electrical plug converter, though, if you're travelling from NOrth America. They will ask you to pay for one at their giftshop. The high speed internet in the lobby charged 1 British pound for 10 minutes of use! (not to mention that the British keyboard's slightly different)	
Apr 22 2005	Reasonable clean stay	Just spent 7 nights at the hotel on a pkg deal from ExitNow in Canada. The stay was reasonable for the price, room was small but clean. I got lucky when I checked in, just ahead of one of the numerous groups 2 receptionists were taking in. The included breakfest was plain but tolerable. There was an electric kettle but no fridge in the room. I had to drink my beer in the room warm as there was no ice machine anywhere (the only way to get ice is to order ice through room service). The only concern I have was a false fire alarm sounded on the last night of our stay. There was no offical annoucement from the hotel staff that it was a false alarm and to my surprise, there was no fire trucks to officially clear the alarm (perhaps spoiled by the Canadian safety system?). For safety reasons, I walked down to the lobby from the 7th floor and stayed with another 50 confused guests at the lobby for about 30 minutes. To be fair, I would stay at the hotel again.	
Apr 20 2005	Poor hotel	Just got back from there. Really nothing special. The walls are thin and you hear noises from the other rooms. Rooms are small, but clean. No mini bar in the room. The people working there do their best and are kind, but some of them lack the professionality and experience they'd need.But the thing I find worse is they should have much, much more people working in the hotel to meet the great number of guests the hotel has. An example: I had to wait more than half an hour to talk to a concierge, because the two of them were busy with two couple of guests buying tickets for some musicals. Other people tried to help me but did not have the information I needed. More than ten persons leaved the line tired of waiting for their turn to come. Finally I got the information I needed from another guy of the staff passing by.The same situation happens again and again at the reception desk and at the restaurant to have breakfast.I repeat it: it's not a fault of the staff, but they're really far from being enough.One good thing about the hotel is it's very near to the High Street Kensington underground station.I'll get back in London next year, but for sure won't stay there one more time!	
Apr 18 2005	Waiting to exhale	I usually ignore &quot;small room&quot; complaints, but this one was absurd, especially considering an average price of about $180 US a night. The hotel looks pretty shabby with scuff marks along the walls and poorly patched carpeting. The room was OK, but unbelievably tiny. I told my boyfriend that we couldn't get in a fight because there wasn't room to turn over in bed, much less sleep on the floor! The spa looked OK but cost an extra 5 pounds a night which seemed pretty chintzy, and the bathroom was also small and shabby. It wasn't dirty or unpleasant, and the location is fantastic (one block from Tube and Kensington High Street), but way overpriced. We preferred Novotel City South across town.	
Apr 13 2005	Pleasant hotel conveniently situated near tube and shops	I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel for 4 nights. It was excellent value for a hotel in this class and more than adequate; let’s face it, most people are only there to sleep at night and have a breakfast! I got a good deal on lastminute.Bed was comfortable, room clean and very quiet, if a bit small. Bathroom very good with newish suite; towels could have been better quality as they were rather thin. The staff were polite, friendly and helpful and obviously well-trained. The buffet breakfast was superb with such a large choice. Plates could have been hotter.I would definitely recommend this hotel and will go back there again. It is situated in a pleasant part of Kensington approximately a 3 minute walk to the High Street Underground station. As I checked out, I complimented the Reception staff about the hotel and they were obviously delighted; far too many visitors to the UK just complain all the time!	
Apr 5 2005 	Very Tired and Shabby Hotel	This hotel is inexpensive, but it really is a dreadful hotel. It used to be quite a nice Forte, but it hasn't been refurbished for years.Staff try to be helpful but the hotel is so falling to bits they can't really do anything about it.The only nice thing is the fitness centre, but this has been farmed out to a third party and costs an extra $10 a day!! on top of your room charge.	
Mar 18 2005	Good hotel	We stayed at the Kensington Close hotel in March for a night before we left for home and were impressed with the location, room and service. It's a large hotel, servicing tourists and business travellers. The room was not large, but clean and comfortable. The bar and dining room were large - we booked through British Air Holidays and got a good off season rate with full breakfast (an ample buffet). We were happy to find it's location the best recommendation - just down the street from High Street Kensington and it's tube stop, many shops, and Kensington Palace, and a lovely tea shop, The Muffin Man (yummy scones). We noted a package the hotel offers which includes a 3 course dinner, and transportation and tickets to many current London Theater shows. Wish we'd stayed longer!	
Feb 23 2005	Great Hotel !	I have just returned from a short theatre break in London. We were extremely impressed with the Kensington Close Hotel. Although the rooms are quite small, they are extremely clean and very modern. Has all the main things you would need from a room. The staff were very friendly and we were able to check in at around lunch time. The breakfast was very nice. The underground, Kensington High Street is a couple of minutes walk so you are only a few stops from all the main sights of London. I would deffinately stay here again!	
Feb 16 2005	Just got back	Just got back from a short stay in London. I chose the Kensington Close as the pictures on their website were amazing..........what a clever use of photography! Not because the hotel isn't pleasant, because it is but because the rooms are much much smaller than you expect. It was really well decorated, very modern and lovely and clean but as I say very small. I thought the pool area was really nice, fabulous jacuzzi! The staff are really helpful and friendly as well. As long as you are prepared for the room size then you will have a lovely stay in this hotel. The location is brilliant.	
Feb 6 2005 	Small Clean but don't be fooled by the 'pool'	Rooms were very small but clean and ours appeared to have been recently renovated. Staff were decent, location is great. My main gripe is that the hotel pool as advertised is actually part of a private health club, not the hotel, and as a result requires a small extra payment and is not for relaxing but lap swimming. Other than that a decent hotel in a central location.	
Feb 3 2005	Fell in Love with England and the staff at Kensington Close	First trip to England. Studied all from many angles. Chose the Kensington Close, first because Expedia said it was wheel chair accessible, which it is not, but I have some mobility. The main thing that caught my eye was their stateing that their conceirge, Boyd Kemble had been there for over 16 years. Now that said something to me. The hotel site showed wonderful spa and pool photos. Air conditioning was important to me, but we did not need it in May, we opened the windows.Made our purchase about 6 months ahead of our May, 2004 trips.Then I read many bad reviews in the Tripadvisor, about our hotel. Became a bit worried.For several months I conversed with the hotel, both with the assistant manager, Hillary and Boyd. We were told it was not advertized as an accessible hotel. But, they would do everything possible to make our stay comfortable. And they did. Boyd helped arrange our whole personal tour. He even has his own wonderful web-page. Said to be the only one in London.We were given a larger room, European hotel rooms are traditionally small. The room overlooked the front of the hotel, up two blocks to Kensington High St. We found it perfect. A hand held shower nozzle would have been nice, as there is no way that I could get down in or up from the tub. With uncommon dexterity, I managed to step into and stand in the tub and use the shower. We stayed nine nights, using Kensington Close as our home base.When we arrived the hotel staff had sent flowers to our room and a huge fruit bowl, with plates, silverware and napkins. How welcome we felt. The conceirge chose a sedan and driver for us to hire, to meet us at the airport. We landed an hour late, but the driver waited at no extra charge. Again he waited while the airline tried to find my wheelchair. We were greeted in front of the hotel by nearly everyone. Carried inside and hugged.We had taken Lufthansa Air, from Portland, Oregon to Frankfort, then on to London. While in flight we were treated well, but Lufthansa is off our list of airlines. While the flight was 12 hours, waiting in the two airports totaled another 8 hours. That was and adventure! There were no air vents above the seats. Fortunately, I always carry a small battery powered, hand held fan. They did have gluten-free meals for me. The plane's seats were more uncomfortable then most. Frankfort airports do not have the most polite people working in them.On the imperfect side, the front desk computers, never did seem to get my credit card into the system, but this was no big deal. After the first event, we paid in the restaurant directly with credit card. No problem there. The front desk was polite, capable and only a bit stiff. Which is probably correct. But, the conceirge desk was jolly, extremely capable and full of jokes. Wanted to bring them home with me. They were the start of my falling in love with the British people.Our beds were heavenly comfortable, greeting us at the end of our very full days. Housekeepping kept the rooms very neat, even though we had a lot of luggage and bags of purchases all around the edges of the room.The morning breakfast buffet was okay, we ate there once. Had all remaining breakfasts at Mr. Muffin, on the corner, a block from the hotel. These were the wonderful and inexpensive breakfasts. We ate once in the hotel pub. It was okay, but smokey! Also ate once in the Italian restaurant in hotel. That was very good. Most of our meals were purchased in one of two shops on nearby Kensington High Street, as I am gluten intolerant, this worked out well, taking our purchases back to the room to eat. We had an in room refrigerator making food storage pleasantly possible. We brought back, bottles of fruit juice and water, roasted chickens and ready made salads, etc. Once we made a picnic, but as some of the parks are private and gate locked for the exclusive use of the area apartments, we ate outside of one, parking my wheel chair in a parking spot. That was fun! We ate one lunch in a pub on Portabella Road. The ice creams in Hyde Park were wonderfully rich and creamy.The position of Kensington close was very agreeable for our needs. Each day we made excursions out. All prearranged day by day, months in advance, by Boyd Kemble, and myself. We took excursions about the city, via coach, bus, and taxi. Saw the city, museums, people, history. Rode on the Eye, took in the world famous Chelsea Garden Show, Harrod's, the Tower of London, and Portabella road. And made excursions, out of the city, to Oxford, Stratford, Dover, and Leeds Castle. We agree, we would not change any part of our trip. Would love to go again. The best part were the wonderful, polite, gracious, and fun people of England. We were told that London alone has 7.2 million people. At no time did we feel crowded or unsafe and we were two women alone, myself and my daughter.Must state that a USA tour group, would not take me, being handicapped. With Boyd's help we did and saw all and more then the tour group had advertized and at less expense.	
Feb 1 2005	Nothing Special	We stayed at the Kensington Close for a week over Christmas. We checked in very early (7a.m.) and the staff were very accommodating and gave us a room immediately. Unfortunately when we got to the room there were some people sleeping in it!After explaining the situation to the chap on the front desk he upgraded us and allocated a better room. To be honest, we're glad we were upgraded since the standard room wouldn't have been very nice. We were in one of the recently renovated rooms, but it's already looking tired. The furniture and fittings aren't of a very high quality and it's going to look shabby very quickly. However, for the price it's a snip, especially if you get an upgrade.The staff all seemed very friendly and helpful. We only ate one meal at the hotel and that was Christmas night - totally disappointing and absolutely terrible value for money. I'd thought christmas dinner would be a night to remember but not to be.The staff were all friendly and helpful and the location is good but if you're used to staying in good quality accomodation this probably isn't for you.We chose not to stay here when we returned to London at the the end of our trip.	
Jan 31 2005	I was surprised	I booked a room online, then I read the reviews and was scared, but I was so surprised when I got to London. First, the room was not big but was enough for 2 persons, everything was clean and the bathroom was ok. Then, it is just 5 min. walk from High Street Kensington, a lovely shopping area and the tube is just round the corner. My next time in London I will stay there again for sure	
Jan 27 2005	Just Average	Stayed in this hotel for a week on business. The room was very small, and just had about enough free space for my suitcase. The bathroom was also small, and quite old; I felt that it could have done with a bit of work, as one morning the shower head fell off and nearly knocked me out. The bed was quite uncomfortable and the pillows more so. Not a very enjoyable week, but OK if you can get a cheap rate. The location, however, is excellent - 100M from High Street Kensington Tube (district and circle lines).	
Jan 26 2005	Seen better days	The price of this hotel is pretty low for London so compared to some the awful 4 star places at least it's priced reasonably. I booked a double but got a triple which meant the room was spacious and supplied all the basic facilities but the hotel is clearly in need of some major refurbishment. The furniture was dirty and the ambience was rather 'icky'. If you don't mind a terminally run down feeling to your hotels then it's OK. I tried to order room service as I arrived quite late and hungry. After waiting nearly an hour I discovered that my order had not been recorded. The breakfast was OK but not exactly appetising.Not the worst place I've stayed and even though the staff do lack experience they are friendly. It's in a good location for the tube and a nice part of London. It's probably a good place for conferences but for a longer holiday stay it would be a bit depressing.	
Jan 25 2005	Excellent value for money	I was also nervous after reading some reviews, but it was fine: everything worked, it was clean, quiet, very close to the tube station. Room small, but all we wanted to do was sleep there. For the price paid, (UKP 100 for three nights), excellent value. Restaurant not outstanding, but not unreasonable, and there is plenty of other choice nearby. Only reason I'm not giving five stars is the lukewarm shower (but maybe that's partly my fault for not getting up earlier). I'd stay there again.	
Jan 23 2005	excellent value for money	Excellent value for money, but then we did get a very special price through lastminute,and because of that we were prepared for less than the very comfortable accommodation. Very newly refurbished bedroom and bathrooms and also we were able to buy half-price breakfast vouchers,and enjoyed a very good breakfast.Only complaint was that the carvery was closed for a function and the alternative Italian Restaurant in the hotel is pretty pricey.	
Jan 20 2005	Hotel was Great!	My first trip to London was in 2003 care of British Airways. They set up my hotel and transfers from airport to hotel and back. From looking atthe Priceline cost and Hotels cost I can see that they saved me alot of money by booking the hotel for me. I found the Kensington Closeto be everything it was advertised to be. I was told the room would be small, but I was there to sightsee, not hang out in a hotel room. The staff was excellent helping with every detail that came up from travel queations, tour dilemmas, faxing forms to a tour agency for me for no charge etc. I had all the blankets, towels, coffee, tea and everything else I needed. The room was in very good repair, cleaned every morning, and a full English breakfast was free with my stay. It was convenient to the underground, shopping, and Hyde Park as well as the Royal Albert Hall where I took in a wonderful concert. I plan to stay there again this year. For the price you cannot beat the location. If you plan to spend a lot of time in your room, go somewhere else!	
Jan 19 2005	delightful hotel	After reading the above reviews i was skeptical about the hotel.Me and my companion stayed here in Jan 2005 for 2 nights and found it wonderfull. The rooms were small but very modern, nice bathroom and furniture. Breakfast was extremly good. I would definately recommend this hotel	
Jan 17 2005	Tiny rooms poorly maintained terrible service	The room was extremely small and the bathroom even smaller.Both were in need of remedial attention (big cracks in walls and tiling, leaky plumbing, water stains, damaged window handles / openers). Bedding and towels were perfectly clean but very poor quality. The bed was the smallest I've ever slept in and had a thin, lumpy mattress.The TV remote was missing and the TV system was inoperable without it. Despite bringing all of this to the attention of the hotel staff absolutely nothing was rectified. This proved to be in line with the quality of service offered throughout my stay. Food was expensive and adequate but somewhat dry, chewy and flavourless - due to being under heat lamps in the servery for too long. Bar service was appalling - on a number of occasions it took over 20 minutes to get served due to the bar being busy but only staffed by two inexperienced members of staff.Overall, a hotel to which I shall definitely NOT be returning.	
Jan 13 2005	Pretty good if the rate's good	The location is very good if tube is used, a 2 min walk to station. Booked a twin, got a room with 3 beds. Room size quite enough for 2 person while 3 might be crowded. Bathroom size okay with bathtub but lacks enough place to hang towels. In-room decoration do need quite a bit of freshing up, the same goes for the bathroom. The beds were on wheels but was however comfortable. The blanket was thick and warm. Room was airconditioned though a bit much noise. No other services were used so can't comment on those. Will stay again if good rate is obtained.	
Jan 13 2005	Dreadful	The only way in which the Kensington Close Hotel truly excels is in terms of its sheer awfulness. The corridors immediately brought to mind the chilling mise en scene of Stanley Kubrick’s The Shining, which, combined with the nauseating stench of congealing smoke and damp, proved to be truly horrific.The décor of my room appeared to be derived from the mind of seriously disturbed individual, and I fear that even the intervention of Changing Rooms and several thousand pounds would struggle to remove the ‘unique’ idiosyncrasy of this dreadful place. The state of disrepair was only mirrored by the complete incompetence of the hotel staff. Avoid.	
Jan 8 2005	Nice place!	Our room was very nice, although small by American standards. It was clean and had everything we needed and expected and the staff was accomodating. We stayed only one night (Nov. 4, 2004) and got a pretty good deal through Priceline. We didn't use any of the facilities or restaurant, as the breakfast was a bit pricey. Good location. We would stay there again.	
Jan 5 2005	No no no	I stayed here with a group on new year's eve for their &quot;Bond Ball&quot; ... never again.We suffered with:-The most expensive bar in the world ever (even for a capital city)Shoddy rooms (paint peeling etc)An hours wait to check in.A long wait to constantly get room keys reactivated the next day.Car keys being lost by attendant.An inedible breakfastOverall a very bad experience!	
Dec 29 2004	absolute shite	I just stayed at the KC and like many complaints from other reviewers, the pictures were nothing like the reality. In the middle of winter, I had to ASK for a blanket as the bed was covered in just one sheet! Then the heating didn't work (it was freezing) and although they moved me to another room, there was no apology, no offer of discount, etc and the heating in the other room (once turned on) was loud and noisy - so I got no sleep. Staff were indifferent. Avoid at all costs.	
Dec 21 2004	Small rooms it was a place to sleep	We just stayed at this hotel for 2 nights last week 12-13/14. The rooms in this hotel were pretty small and the bath rooms were even smaller. The rooms were pretty clean but could have been cleaner. The hotel was a full block from a under ground station so it was a pretty good walk. Even though the hotel is called a Spa they charge guest 5 lbs to use the pool. When I return to London I will look at others locations to stay at, this place would work in a jam but nothing special. We booked this place through United and paid $114 US per night without breakfast.	
Dec 18 2004	Great little place if you can get a good rate	I got a very good late deal for this hotel and was pleasantly surprised with what I found, especially after reading some of the reviews on here. The room was spacious enough, good bathroom, everything was clean and well presented. I had no problems at all, would go back there.	
Dec 16 2004	awesome location	Even though it was small (but what hotel in London is not?!), it was very nice, clean. Stayed for a week. Excellent location. Couldn't have asked for better. The tube was a block away. Staff was very friendly. Room was very clean. Got and excellent deal through British airways. The only negative comment I have is about the breakfast...I wouldn't waste my time.	
Dec 13 2004	Decent but nothing special	My wife &amp; I stayed at this place for 1 night when visiting a friend in London. I picked the place due to its location &amp; pool/gym. While the pool/gym for fairly good for a London 3* hotel, the extra $10 person fee for their use was annoying.Our room was small &amp; tidy, with a tiny British Double bed. Parking was a ridiculous $40 a day, but I guess that's my fault for trying to park in London. Great area as it's close to Kensington High Street with loads of shops/restaurants.All in all it was a decent place.	
Dec 4 2004 	Would not stay here even at a discount price...	I stayed at the Kensington Close hotel from Nov. 8-12 and was very disappointed. It's as if the website photos were taken of another hotel. Good things I have to say: room was clean (however small), bathroom was clean, very close walk to the Underground station, quiet except for one night when they were recycling glass or something outside the hotel and all I heard was crashing bottles. Not so good things I have to say: limited closet space, I have no idea how two people would fit in their double room or how a week-long business traveler would stay here comfortably, had problems every time someone was trying to call me in the hotel - no one could get through to me since there is no option to dial a guest's direct room number and the staff don't seem to answer the phone regularly. If they are expecting international visitors someone should be answering the phones at night! The entire lobby smells of smoke and I had to walk through the pub to access my room. There is also very limited security, I felt as if anyone could walk in and there were no deadbolts on the doors. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone except perhaps to a large school group on limited budget since that's who seemed to be mostly staying there.	
Dec 2 2004	fantastic hotel	Stayed here on 27-29th nov 04. Didn't arrive until 23:00 hrs. Check in was smooth. Was given a free upgrade for 2nd night.First room was small but fine.Bathroom good size and clean.Second room was fantastic and just like the one shown on internet.Breakfast was very good value for money. As much as you want for £13.00Location was perfect 2 mins walk from kensington underground.would stay here again. Not as bad as what other people say.	
Nov 26 2004	Like an Old Friend	For me, staying at the Kensington Close Hotel was like returning to visit an old friend.Twenty years ago I stayed in this hotel on my first trip to Europe. I remember I paid $1050 for a package deal that included room, air and hotel transfers. I returned to the Kensington Close 2 years later for another stay.20 years later the Kensington Close has changed management and names a few times but it is still a great deal in a great neighborhood.The exterior of the hotel is a bland brick building and the public areas are a bit faded. Guest service is decent and accomodating should you require assistance. The hotel also has a concierge desk to assist you with you tourist, travel and informational needs.The rooms are modern and have been updated. Although they are a slightly worn around the edges, they are in good condition.The rooms are not large but are still comfortable and compact. The furniture in my double room included a desk and the bed. The television was built into a wall cabinet and the room had a closet and a built in bench to put my luggage on.Although I was comfortable in this room, I could not imagine two people using it. It would be impossible to dance around the bed!Speaking of beds, the bed was soft but not firm but included enough pillows and soft sheets to get a good nights rest.The bathroom was modern and very clean. The shower had great water pressure and the towels were soft for the most part.My only complaint was the lighting in the bathroom was horrible and offered no vanity lighting at the mirror at all. I could deal with this ok, but it may have been more difficult for others.The door to the bathroom was a sliding door so it offered a floor to ceiling mirror to see how big your butt was getting from all the good food you have consumed.At £83 a night for a double this hotel offered the best value in its class out of all the hotels I viewed.To book or check prices for the Kensington Close Hotel you can use their websight. When I booked I think it listed the “internet” special as a two week advance purchase but it still allowed me to reserve it even though my trip was almost two months away. I have also seen the Kensington Close come up on Priceline at even lower prices.If you need to relax or want some pampering, the hotel also has a full service health spa on the premises. I will post some sample prices in a few days. Why not take some money you saved on hotel rates and enjoy a bit of luxury?The Kensington Close is an old reliable friend of mine who always delivers value for the money. The location is idea since it is within walking distance from the High Street Kensington tube station and near shopping and many sights.It may not be the Ritz, but it's clean, comfortable and well situated.Next time I return to London I will consider a visit with my old friend.	
Nov 20 2004	Wouldn't rush back!	We stayed here in August. The rooms were absolutely tiny. The bathroom was so small that you struggled to get dry in there. In fact, I turned around in there and smacked my head on the wall and nearly knocked myself out (I am a size 10 if you are wondering!) There were no tea or coffee making facilities. I raised this point with reception who assured me they would sort it out. Nothing happened. Either forgot or couldn't be bothered! Breakfast OK but not fantastic. Windows barely opened. Bed hard.I wouldn't rush back!!!	
Nov 14 2004	Not a good experience for the price paid !!!	First, don't book this hotel instead an other Kensington hotel in the area which is a 4 stars hotel with better value and service. If you look at the internet site of the hotel, you see something different from what this hotel is in reality. They advert the nice pool and spa but you must know this is small and that from 1st november 2004, you have to pay 5£ per person to get in !! This hotel is not a good value for the money you pay even if you have a discount. Rooms are very small. I don't even tell you about the bathroom. It's not very clean especially in the corridors. Beds are for one person and separated in the room. You feel cold inside the room at night.Front desk is very small for a huhe hotel, pay in advance to avoid the queue.Hotels are expensive in london but next time I will go in a youth hostel because I cannot imagine to pay this price for a minimum confort. Tv was crap in the room and you cannot lock the door from the inside of the room.	
Nov 8 2004	Dirty 	The room was only as big as my garden shed. The curtains were falling down. It was extremely dirty.	
Nov 7 2004	Quaint rooms clean and well located	With all the negative reviews here I thought I would tell you about the positives we experianced. Everybody has their own opinion as how things should be. We are very easy going folks and as long as we have a clean room and a place to lay our heads we are pretty well pleased. Our room was very quaint and WAS small, but so I hear that's how they are in Europe. It was clean every day. We only stayed there to sleep, not entertain, so it was very adequate for the 2 of us.The hotel staff were very accomodating. Extra towels and a blanket when asked for.Boyd and the consiege staff were more than helpful. They were wonderful, pleasant and always smiling. Close to the tube and the Muffin Man resturant for an excellent breakfast.The hotels breakfast was excellent as well as one of the dinners we had there. The bar/lounge was very good also. Good appetizers.We did not take advantage of the pool and spa. It was NOT in a dark dungeon like one of the other readers reported. It was downstairs and very well lit.There were several computers in the lobby that you can access for a pound or two. We were able to email family members back home of our safe arrival.I think the worse part of the trip was returning to the airport and going thru the MWR line. Very long and we still have not gotten our paid taxes returned to our account. That was Sept 27th!All in all we loved our trip and stay at The Kensington Close!	
Nov 4 2004	Small rooms terrible food and tiny beds	This hotel is in a great location and is fairly priced for a London hotel. The rooms are smaller than average, but clean - about what you would expect for a London Hotel. The beds are terrible and very small. Our bed was on wheels and was so small that I spent the whole night with my partners elbow in my face and my feet hanging over the edge of the bed and I am only 5'5''. The bar has absolutely no atmosphere which did not help me to relax after spending over £10 on 2 drinks! The carvery restaurant was bad beyond belief! The tabel cloth was dirty, the waiter could not be bothered to pour our wine and the food can only be described as tepid slop! Having qued behind 100 Japanase students for the privallege of eating in this restaurant we were not amused - and neither were they as they left their food and headed off to the near by McDonalds! My advice - an OK place to stay with a leisure centre - but forget about eating and drinking here, there are plenty of better places nearby.	
Nov 3 2004	Warning - especially when you check out!	I will never stay in this hotel again. Spent 12 nights in Oct 2004 here and was not impressed. Expensive and bad. The fan in the bathroom was so filthy that air was not let out at all, looked as it had never been cleaned. Breakfast was OK but when you rose to have another glass of juice, your place had been cleaned in the meantime, you don't feel particularly welcome that way. The reception queue was terrible. Too many people to handle, this hotel is focused on money, not service. Their last trick was when I checked out. They debited my credit card in NOK, of course at an unfavourable exchange rate for me. When back in Norway, I called VISA to ask if they could do that. They could, but they should have asked me what I preferred, NOK or £. They never did. My advice: Do not spend your money on this greedy hotel.	
Oct 27 2004	Room	Room was clean but far too small. You need to review the positioning if the beds, especially when your clients are over 50	
Oct 16 2004	Clean But Tiny	We booked a room at the Kensington Close through a travel agent and Holiday House Tour Company and paid $203.00 Canadian which seemed to be good value, but before booking we checked photos of the rooms on the net and they looked lovely. A friend also stated that the rooms were a good size (more on that later).When we checked into our room (we had asked for two beds) we were in shock. Our two suitcases and carry ons barely fit let alone our two bodies. Fortunately we managed to get everything in by putting my open suitcase on the desk. My poor husband had to turn sideways to get around the foot of the beds and both beds were touching which would not have been convenient for two individuals sharing this room. The bathroom looked reasonably new and was bright and clean.The air conditioning was a plus as we had a few warm days and the room got quite hot (this was at the end of September). The continental breakfast that came with our room was awful. They must have set it up the night before because the rolls were always stale and the cheese slices dry. The room appeared to be well-kept except for the single black sock that was under the night table when we arrived and was still there when we left. Expect that the maid couldn't get into the corner to get it.As for the room size, when I returned and questioned my friend it turned out that she had been travelling with both husband and daughter and a room for three is much larger. She claimed to have had plenty of room.The location is excellent, with only a short walk to Kensington/High Street and the tube. We bought sandwiches for lunch every day at Marks and Spencer (near the tube) and took them with us which saved money.All in all, Kensington Close was adequate, mostly for its location.	
Oct 5 2004	A Picture doesn't say a 1000 words	After searching for a hotel to stay in we came upon the website for the Kensington Close. The photo's looked good and the location was in an upper scale neighbourhood..how can we go wrong?Once we arrived at the hotel we were disappointed to see that our room was no bigger than a walk in closet. It was difficult to get around the bed and you couldn't get two large suitcases into the closet which meant they had to be left in the entrance. This made it difficult to get in and out of the room. From the door to the bed was no more than 4 steps and there wasn't a full step from the other side of the bed to the window. The location to the subway was good but the price for what we got wasn't worth it. What we paid for a room here we could have gotten a suite in any 4 star hotel in North America. Disappointing but a lessen learned that the photo's of rooms on websites are rather misleading. We won't be returning unless the rates dramatically reduce or the rooms get bigger. I can't see either happening.	
Sep 26 2004	Don't beleive the pictures	Kensington Closet:I'm looking for a place to stay in London having spent my last trip at the Kensington Close, which we renamed the Kensington Closet. I was looking at the photos posted on the site thinking, where was that?- thats not the hotel I stayed in... It was not that good a value for the $. Location was fine. Rooms tiny, and I've travelled alot in Europe and know the standard, and am not picky. You're better off staying in a B&amp;B or Inn for the price. Staff not helpful, awoken by jack hammer construction and cleaning staff. Asked for room transfer and not accomodated.	
Sep 16 2004	good location bad beds	The hotel is very well located and had a nice bar and resturant. The rooms are very small, the first room they put me in was smelly, damp and dirty and the bed was utter crap. A cheap piece of sponge. I asked to get moved and was put in a clean, dry, equally small room with just as crap a bed but this bed was on rollers! It rolled all over the room! lol. There was no airconditioning (yet, they were installing it)Overall since I paid less than 100 GBP per night I was actually quite happy. If they got better beds I would stay again for that price.	
Sep 14 2004	The reason behind the mixed reviews	I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel twice in June. In a trip that was a gift and arranged by my children I stayed for 4 nights, travelled the English countryside for 4 nights and then returned for another 4 nights at the K.C. I must admit I had been confused by the conflicting reviews I read prior to my trip. But I think I understand now. On my first visit my room left a lot to be desired. It was indeed small and hot, but also had mold in the bathroom and an unpleasant smell. My complaints led to no resolution. When I returned I demanded a better room and was amazed at the difference. They are obviously upgrading the hotel and some rooms have been completed and are small but very comfortable, some rooms have not been done and are very uncomfortable. My room on the 2nd stay was still small but clean, fresh and very comfortable.If you are staying there and have a bad room make a firm request to be moved to one of the renovated rooms. You will no doubt be pleased at the difference.I found some of the staff aloof and uncaring while others went out of thier way to make me comfortable. I loved the location and found it very convenient. When I go back to London I will choose a different hotel but at least I feel I solved the mistery of the mixed reviews.	
Sep 8 2004	Believe the bad reviews!	I can't add any more to the bad reviews here, except to say, believe them. No air conditioning, even though they apparently have been promising to get it installed for several years. Room is in poor condition, and the desk fan is hardly adequate in August. Be prepared to hit the bathroom door when getting out of bed in the morning. Yes, it's that small! Don't be fooled by the photos. Go to the much better Holiday Inn Kensington Forum. The only thing this hotel has going for it is the 1 block walk to Kensington High Street. Also, don't bother to ask the staff for assistance regarding shuttle information. They know nothing. In addition, I requested a a copy of my bill when checking out. They curiously said that it was being mailed to me because my husband made the reservation, not me. By the way, I've been back at home for two weeks now and have yet to receive the bill.	
Sep 5 2004	The Heat WAS Bad. . .	We stayed at the Kensington Close from August 4th to August 10th, 2004. The room was incredibly tiny, which we expected, but it was also insanely hot, which we were not expecting. It was absolutely suffocating. Like some of the other reviews said, it was really hard to sleep at night. We weren't fortunate enough to get an oscillating fan, and the windows only open a little bit, so there was practically no airflow whatsoever. The fire alarm went off 3 times during our stay there - once at 2:30 or 3:00 AM. No one came by to say 'false alarm' and each time, we went all the way downstairs (from the 5th floor, with a baby) and had to search for someone to tell us if it was okay to go back to our room. Half the time, the ice machine didn't give any ice, which made the heat worse. The location is good, though. There is a lot to do, and Kensington Palace/Hyde Park are within easy walking distance, as is the tube. Be careful, though, as they were doing major road construction in front of the hotel when we were there, so the cab had to take an alternate route. If this place had a/c, or better air flow, then it would be worth it. We paid $70 (USD, not GBP) a night, including taxes, through priceline. I wouldn't have paid a penny more for what we got, and I would have to seriously think about staying there again at that price.	
Sep 3 2004	Heat and Suffocation at the Kensington Close Hotel	Looks good in the photos, right? Do not be fooled! The photographs on the website are totally misleading. The pool that looked so lovely on the web page in located in a dungeon-like underground chamber, and you have to pay five pounds for the privilage of enjoying the alcatraz-like ambiance. The air conditioning was not working, and London was hot. The hotel room was very small, but my biggest problem was with the lack of oxygen, uncomfortable bed and dollhouse-sized windows that opened about an inch for minimal ventilation. Oh, the bed was on wheels and rolls around the room when you are sleeping like there is a poltergeist pushing you around. It is that cheap of a bed. Think foam pad. For the love of god, refinance, take out a loan, do what you need to do but upgrade to a better hotel. I would rather drink the water in Hyde Park than stay in the Kensington Close Hotel again! Sincerely, Jen Finnell.	
Aug 12 2004	Good location but.....	I spent 5 nights at the Kensington Close Hotel from August 3 - 8. As most of the reviewers have stated, the staff was helpful, especially Graham at the concierge desk.When the travel agency booked us into this hotel, I checked the hotel's website. It stated that from January 2004 to June 2004, they would be installing air conditioning in all rooms. However, when we arrived, we were told that the a/c hadn't been installed in all rooms just yet, and that it couldn't be switched on for any rooms until all rooms were fitted. (It should be finished for September!!) The hotel did supply an oscillating fan, which helped move the hot air around. London, that week, was in the upper 80s F (28-30C) during the day, and in the low 70s at night. It wasn't easy to sleep because of the heat!Another reason it wasn't easy to sleep is that the lock on our hotel room's door was broken, so we had to prop a chair against it in case some one broke in. The safe wasn't functioning.The bath was functional, but had no ventilation. So, after you got out of the bath/shower, and tried to dry off, you ended up as wet as before. (The towels were good, though.) The towel rail fell off the wall one day, though!If you're at all claustrophobic, don't use the toilet in the small hotel rooms. There's an alcove just wide enough to hold the toilet with not much room to spare. The continental breakfast in the Italian restaurant was nice, but since the majority of holidayers chose this option, the breakfast room was constantly full to overflowing as there are only seats for 50 people. Again, the staff worked very hard to keep the food supplies stocked and the tables cleared.Dinner in The Carvery was fine, staff was attentive, and the food was abundant.I don't plan to stay in the Kensington Close Hotel again. There are better, comparably priced lodgings nearby.	
Aug 10 2004	Nearly died of heat stroke!	A friend and I stayed at the Kensington Close from August 3rd through the 8th. The weather in London was hot and humid. The rooms are small, and so far, no air conditioning working, even though their website promised it would be installed by June. We could only open the window a few inches and keep the air moving with a small portable fan. The room stayed uncomfortably hot 95% of the time, making it hard to sleep. We were not allowed to check in to our room until after 2:30pm, after waiting in a long line and only two people working at check-in. We could not use the auxiliary lock on the door, nor could our travelling companions in a nearby room. We could not use the in-room safe, because the code could not be reset. The rooms were clean, but the general appearance was shabby.Our room included continental breakfast, in the tiny Italian restaurant on the premises. This room could only hold about 50 people, and as the hotel has 550 rooms, there was always a line out of the door of people wanting to eat no matter what time we went down for breakfast. The breakfast was exactly the same every day, some small variety would be appreciated. The bright spot of this hotel has to be the staff, who were unfailingly polite, helpful and efficient, especially those at the concierge desk. Another plus is a good location near to shopping, eating and the tube/bus routes.This would be an OK place to stay in cooler weather if you are traveling on a budget. The group I was with were universally disappointed - some to the point of moving to better hotels - but that could be partly because we had just crossed the Atlantic on the Queen Mary 2, what a contrast!	
Aug 6 2004	Good value for the low price	My wife and I stayed from 7/28-8/3/04, at a total average price of $117USD/nite. I couldn't find a better hotel price for those dates. The room was very small, but functional. It had a queen bed, tub with shower, TV with a few BBC channels, a couple of German channels, and CNBC Europe. There was no A/C, but they provided an electric fan, and they are apparently installing A/C and will be ready by September. Staff was courteous, and allowed an early check-in (11am). The concierge was helpful in setting up tours and giving us tips on local activities. Location is great, with a Safeway grocery store a couple of blocks away that would serve pizza, chicken, and many salads and other good-priced eats. It's also a block from the Kensington High St. tube station. There's a laundromat about 6 blocks away, up Church St, that will do a load of laundry for 10BP. Assuming you get a good rate, I recommend this hotel.	
Aug 3 2004	not that bad!! but not great either!!!	here's a tip if you're going to the hotel from the north(manchester, preston etc)..instead of going to euston...get off at watford junction.there's normally a train direct to kensington olympier..get a taxi to the high street (£5ish)...it's handy if you've got big bag's, because if you go to euston..you come back on yourself to get to the high street..this way you gain about 30mins plus, and miss the hussle of the underground!!ok the hotel...from the outside, very nice...we've just got back form a weekend there..the weather was lovely and the place buzzing with tourists...we walked through the doors to find a queue of people waiting to check in..not a drama, but we incounted 2 people pushing in because they wern't happy with the rooms..these people were tourists!!!didn't think anything of it, but i was snapping because i hate rude people!we finally got to the front and got our key's for the room...after a very annoying lift journey we made it to the room only to find the room was so tiny you couldn't of even swung a cat in it.. we wern't happy..!! it was so small i just couldn't believe it! so after a quick fag we made our way back to reception to try sort something out! when we got there we found a couple who were infront of us in the first queue complaining because they wern't happy with the room either..we had a laugh about it and hoped for the best!!after some haggling, which the receptist wasn't having we got a bigger room, free of charge(because it had a bath in it, unlike out original one, a room without a bath????). the room was slightly bigger, but alot bigger then the first one we were given..happy days!!!!!i can say we only had one drama with the hotel, and that was the rooml...the staff were friendly! the food in the italian restaurant downstairs was ok! the bar was fine, but i hate paying over the odds for beer!! BUT for the money, i would of expected more. some travel lodges are alot better, and alot cheaper..but this is london...the location of the hotel was great...a 2 min walk from the high street, with loads of shops, a safeway so you can buy your beer, instead of paying lots for the mini bar..the tude is great too..it's only 1 stop away from notting hill, and then a couple for leister square, oxford road...WOULD I STAY THERE AGAIN??maybe, but only if i couldn't find somewhere better..	
Aug 2 2004	Good location average hotel	We stayed here for three nights on an exceptionally good Priceline rate that did not include breakfast. The location is great - just off of Kensington High Street and around the block from the tube station. It is a hotel that caters to conferences and large groups, so don't expect personal attention. While we were there, we received one wake up call that we did not request, which would have been really annoying if we hadn't already been awake. They were in the process of installing the air conditioning, which wasn't working the first night, worked great the second, and then didn't work again on the third night. Overall, we got a great deal, but I would not want to pay their regular rates.	
Jul 30 2004	Disappointing	We were on the whole disappointed with our trip to the Kensington Close. On check in we were given keys to a twin room (we had booked a double) which had not even been made up from previous guests. Eventually we were given a double room which was clean but tiny and so so hot (air conditioning had not been sorted out). We were woken twice in the night by fire alarms and then twice more in the early morning by wake up calls we hadn't booked. The breakfast was pretty much non existant by the time we had arrived (approx 9am) and didn't look like it had been anything special anyway. Admittedly, the location was very good but we would not recommend this hotel to friends.	
Jul 27 2004	Will stay again at the Kensington Close	We enjoyed our stay at the Kensington Close Hotel (July 16-26, 2004) and encoutered only a few snags. The rooms are small, as is often the case in London, but very clean. Central air conditioning, we had been told, would be up and running by the time we visited. It wasn't. Our room was very warm even with the window wide open and the small fan we requested running all night. (Housekeeping kept removing the fan from the room!) A/C was expected to be operational the following week,so I am sure our next visit (and we plan to stay there again) will be much more comfortable. We found most staff members to be exceptionally friendly and helpful, with a few exceptions. The full breakfast was acceptable but would benefit greatly from a menu that alternated day to day.	
Jul 26 2004	Good place to stay	We stayed here for 8 nights. Very nice location with plenty of shopping. Close to tube and you can get anywhere from there! Breakfast was good and the restaurants weren't bad either. Had some problems with slippery tile around the pool and not much of a hot tub. The staff in the spa could be better. Overall, I would tell anyone to stay there and enjoy London.	
Jul 19 2004	Very good value	Very nice rooms, close to underground, secure parking and very good prices for london, What more do you need.	
Jul 14 2004	loved london	we stayed at the kensington close for 6 nights, july 7th thru 12th, 2004.our accommodations were excellent, the room was clean and neat and about normal size for a european hotel. the location was excellent, you can fine most things you need right on high street kensington. the tube stop was just a short walk away. the hotel staff was helpful and courteous.the encluded breakfast was more then I expected.	
Jul 12 2004	Fine	we stayed here in March 2004 after getting a good deal via lastminute! Now on check -in (approx 10pm at night) we were told we got an upgrade - so we went to the room and it was tiny! I was thinking what are the normal rooms like, anyway there was a problem with the shower so we got moved to a triple executive room, and this room was amazing - so big and spacious. We had breakfast in the hotel - it was basic and fine. Location is brill, excellent shopping nearby. Would recommend it, and will probably stay there again!	
Jul 7 2004	Great Staff	We stayed at Kensington Close Hotel for 4 nights. The price was great, accommodations were clean and spacious, and the staff were helpful. I recommend this hotel!	
Jun 29 2004	Great Deal in London	Great deal if you want to stay in Kensington: $100 a night for a clean, quiet, functional room. It was ideal for a solo traveller who spent a minimum amount of time in the room anyway. Some might think the room small. Those who have stayed in NYC hotels will not.	
Jun 24 2004	cheap and pretty	I've stayed twice at this hotel and I think it is a cheap and pretty option if you want to visit London without opening a mortgage to pay for your hotel. The rooms are small, but clean and cozy. The tube is just one block away. There are shops and restaurants close to the hotel. Breakfast is nothing great, but good.	
Jun 23 2004	Awesome Location	We stayed at Kensington Close Hotel for 4 nights in May and loved it. We got a really good deal through Priceline so it was one of the cheapest rooms we stayed in. The room was small and hot but is located in a good neighborhood and a very short walk from the tube station. With all the things to do in London we were hardly ever in the room anyway so it's small size didn't matter so much to us. We took a day trip with Evan Evan's tours which was great and the hotel was one of their pick-up spots which was great. I found the staff very helpful if not overly friendly. We did have breakfast there one morning and thought it was very overpriced. We would have been very happy with it if it came with the room but not worth it for the money. We did go to the Muffin Man and really liked it, also we went to Safeway and got some cheap breakfast food to have with the tea they provide in the room. We loved our time in London and our stay here only made it better, I would definately stay here again.	
Jun 22 2004	great hotel	We recently stayed at the Kensington Close for 4 nights. We selected this hotel largely because of the reviews we had read on this site and were not disappointed. The rooms are very small but very clean. The location was terrific - loved staying in this area because we were one block from shops and restauants - even a food market. The hotel was very busy and everyone there was very accomodating. The tube is 2 blocks away and only a few minutes to Big Ben. There are coffee shops close by. It is walking distance to Kensington Palace and also Notting Hill. Lovely residential neighborhood - very comfortable and convenient all the way around!	
Jun 14 2004 	could do better	had two nights at this hotel last weekend. On arrival the male receptionist was not welcoming. Not rude ...just not interested!Room was fine no problems with that. Swimming pool fine...very clean. Continental breakfast very sparse. Staff disinterestred. Pay peanuts...get monkeys? Bar needs redecorating &amp; loud music. Tables not cleared. Armchairs seen better days. I expected better at £70 per night. I was not given credit on my room account and could not watch the movie channel. I was not asked abpout opeing an account. They therefore lost money before I even got to the room. British hotels need to train staff better. I probably would not go there again.	
Jun 10 2004	Small but Clean	Got a decent deal on this hotel through Expedia (~70 Pounds/night). The hotel room was tiny but it was clean and met all of our needs. The best thing about the hotel is definitely the location. SO close to High Street Kensington Tube stop. We also ate at The Muffin Man a few times and stopped by Marks and Spencer for sandwiches and fruit whenever we felt like it.We had Room 584 which is on the backside of the building. I was happy about that because there is a lot of tourist traffic on the street near the front of the buildint and in the lobby.There was an air conditioner in our room but it wasn't working. There was a small fan provided which helped with the humidity. The beds were clean and comfortable. For the price, I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 9 2004	UGH!	I don't think I would stay here again. We stayed early May 2004, and the rooms were SO HOT! There was NO A/C, and the staff was very rude on more than one occasion. The continental breakfast left much to be desired. The only good thing about this hotel was that it was in a good area very close to the tube and good shopping.	
Jun 6 2004	Average for the price	This was a decent hotel in a good location, convenient to the tube. I definitely would not stay here again without a good deal on the rate - the highest price hotel on my trip to the UK, and not worth the extra money.	
Jun 3 2004	Very small but near everything	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We just left Dublin, Ireland, where we had a huge hotel room, and then checked into the Kensington Close. We were shocked by how small the rooms were. Granted, we didn't pack light, but we could barely fit in the room with all of our bags. They were also doing construction from 8am to 6pm daily. For the most part, it was fine since we were out and about all day, but when we did feel like chilling in the room, it was just too small to get comfortable. It was not a romantic or luxurious hotel. They didn't even supply lotion or hair conditioner.The good thing about the hotel is it's location. It's a block from the Tube station, near Kensington, Holland, and Hyde Park, and near some good shopping and Notting Hill. I love London and found it easy to get around from this hotel. We didn't take one taxi! If you do stay at the Kensington Close Hotel, we recommend the Marzano Italian restaurant for dinner. It was awesome!	
May 28 2004	Kensington Close Hotel--Nice	We stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel for 6 nights end of March, 2004. The rooms were small but clean, but the service at the hotel was excellent. The concierge, Boyd, got us discount tickets to most attractions. A real nice neighborhood, and the tube, which will take you everywhere, is just a short 1 block walk with a great little coffee store on the way. And Marloes Bar, in the hotel, was party central! Even though they stop selling alcohol at 1 am, we partied until 4 -- we just went up to our rooms and ordered beer &amp; wine from room service then took it back down to the bar! It was a blast!	
May 18 2004	Good for Value	We stayed at the Kensington Close at the end of January '04. We booked online and really got a good deal, the 1st night was free, so we weren't expecting much. The place was clean, the room was nice, although carpet could be cleaner.Due to our discounted room rate we had a view of the pkg lot. Good location. The Muffin man up the street was good for afternoon tea. We ate at the Carvey and it was one of our more satisfying meals in London. (Yes, the food is bad!) It's very easy to get a taxi in front of the hotel, and Harrod's is a short &amp; not too expensive taxi ride away.	
May 18 2004	loved this place	My friend and I stayed here for five nights on our first trip to London. The location was great. Close to the tube station and within walking distance from Kensington Palace. The staff was awesome. They were so accomadating, everything from making us dinner reservations to directions to sights. I will be back again!!	
May 17 2004	Expected More	My wife and I spent 2 nights in the Kensington Close in May 2004. After staying in nice hotels throughout northern France and Southern England with a tour group we were expecting a little more for our brief stay in London on our own. We expected small rooms, but this was the smallest. Barely room to accomodate our suitcases. The carpet was stained, the room smelled mouldy (we suspect there has been water damage) and there are tiles lifting in the bathroom. My wife was surprised thare was no kleenex or lotions supplied as in our other hotels. The room needs work!On the plus side, the location was great for getting out to see the sights and we had a great buffet meal in the Carvery.	
May 10 2004	Excellent Value! Great Location!	A friend and I stayed here in February, and had nothing but positive things to say. The room was what you'd expect as far as a European hotel, but the staff was great, and the location couldn't be beat! We got a great deal on Hotels, and would definitely stay here again!	
May 8 2004	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at The Kensington Close Hotel for 7 nights, April 13 to 19 2004. We enjoyed our stay here, the hotel was in a great location, plenty of shops, restaurants. The tube stop was just up the road as was the bus stops. We travelled mostly on the red buses, which we found convenient for our use, once we worked out how they ran etc it was fine. Safeway store close by, they have yummy BBQ chickens and baked potatoes for those who want to go cheap but good for a night. The hotel checkin was ok very busy but efficient. The rooms were more than we expected as everyone had warned us they were small, but we had smaller in Paris. They were clean, although I think the bathroom is due for a springclean. Serviced every day. The staff friendly. Concierge was very helpful and have all the information you would require in regards to tours etc..We had a couple of meals in Marloe's Bar, very nice and we also went to The Goat Tavern in High Street, the oldest pub in Kensington. The breakfast room was always very busy, we never found the best time to go and have breakfast. All in all we enjoyed our stay and if ever we go back to London would stay here again.	
May 4 2004	Nice hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in April, 2004.We got a good deal on lastminute.com (60 pounds), and when we checked in, we were upgrade to an executive twin.To be short: yes, the rooms are small (so small that to get to the other bed on the other side, you have to turn sideways and try not to fall over as you pass by the first bed). But they are manageable (if you are good at long jump haha). The beds are comfortable, and most importantly everything is very clean. The breakfast in the morning was also very good.The thing we liked best about this hotel (that others have complained about) is its location. Yes, it is a little bit out of the way, but one or two more subway stops isn't a big deal, especially when you're riding the underground all day long. We thought the location was great because you truly felt like you were among locals. The hotel is also on a street that is very quiet by London standards, yet if you want busyness, you can just walk up the road to Kensington High Street (where the underground stop is located- very convenient) and partake in all of the madness that goes on there. It was awesome, we loved the neighborhood. On Kensington High Street, as others have noted, there is also a Safeway on the opposite side of the road, and a Marks and Spencer next to the underground for groceries. I would suggest going to Marks and Spencer for groceries as we always saw the locals returning with bags of food from there, and not from Safeway. If you are buying your lunch in this area, there are often neat little avenues between some of the buildings that lead to little courtyards where you can sit on park benches and eat your lunch. The hotel is also located about a 5-10 minute walk from Kensington Park, which leads into Hyde Park. Definitely take a walk through there!To conclude, Kensington Close is a very nice hotel with adequate rooms and a great location. We did, however, stay in 2 other hotels during our time in London, and found one better one, called The Bonnington in Bloomsbury. We got a great deal on their website at 50 pounds a night. This hotel is only slightly better because they have much larger rooms. But, if you can't get a room in Bonnington, try the Kensington Close, it's great for what it is.	
Apr 28 2004	A good place	I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel recently when I traveled with my school to London on a C-H-A tour. I thought that the staff were very friendly and attentive. The food was okay. The rooms were a bit small, but managable. The housekeeping was great. The only real downfall was its location. It is not completely out of the way, but it's not as close to the heart of the city as say, the Strand Palace Hotel, which I thought was in a much better location. But other than that, it's a great hotel and I reccommend it to anyone traveling to London!	
Apr 28 2004	I really liked the area	I read the earlier reviews and picked this place for location. Yes, the double room was small and looked like an earlier single. To get in a second single bed they sacrificed the dresser. Lots of hot water but the tub was raised off the floor and very narrow if you are a large person and the toilet was in a narrow niche also. The concierge desk was very helpful. There is only a tiny shop for necessites but the hotel next door (Tara something or rather) has more shops and a money exchange besides costing twice as much to stay.On entering the lobby there is a small ramp to the right if you don't want to climb the three steps. The place seems to get many tour groups from Spain, France etc but they were no problem. We asked if we could see the gardens and they unlocked the door and left there as longa as we wanted. They explained it was a little early considering English weather for peopel to use it much. I noticed an outdoor pit with a gas grill so they must make more use of it in the summer. There was also a notice asking people to hold down noise in the garden at night out of consideration for neighbors although there was a high brick wall. There is a nice place called The Muffin Man a block up towards Kensington High Street. We would drop in for tea and scones, etc. We also tried a nice Thai Restaurant across the street one evening. They had a fixed price meal which was nice since I didn't know what to order so it helped.Two blocks up is Kensington High Street with subway connections and all kinds of shops. Marks &amp; Spencers has a department store there and Boots is an American style drugstore if you need something.In the basement of Marks and Spencers is a full fledged grocery store with lots of individual servings. I noticed people grabbing things on the way home from school or work besides regular shopping since the subway is next door. They had a bakery with scones and hot cross buns which you could serve yourself. We took some things back to the hotel just to try them out not to save money. They had wrapped sandwiches which actually tasted like food. One was called chicken with stuffing. It sounded odd with &quot;Crumbly sausage&quot; but but was neat. When you walk up to Kensington High Street turn right and Kensington Palace is within walking distance (maybe four blocks). Its better to go there not connected to a tour. We spent three hours and often were alone in some of the rooms. I only saw a couple of guards (man and woman) chatting as they walked through although I know there is additional security.For me the hotel was a place to crash. We would have the continental breakfast most morning before heading out to Stratford, Oxford, etc. I found the hotel was in nice residential area. There were churchs nearby which was nice for Easter.	
Apr 18 2004	Very Average	Yes, the room is small--but I'm not sure how it compares to other hotel rooms in Europe. We lugged our suitcases inside the teeny-tiny elevators to our first room which smelled terribly of smoke. We immediately returned to the lobby to ask for a non-smoking room. This room proved to be equally small, but much fresher--room 330. Make sure you request non-smoking because they do not ask this. Some rooms have built in shelves in the bathroom to accomodate your toiletries and small shelves in the closet as well. Wonderful location--close to tube station, shopping, and beautiful neighborhoods around Kenisington Palace. There is also a decent bar in the hotel which stays open until 1:00 am (well after the pubs in the city close). We did not eat at the restaurant in the hotel as there are too many fabulous restaurants to go to in London. The Muffin Man just down the street has good breakfast food.	
Apr 15 2004	Convenient Yet Cramped	My family spent 7 nites in this hotel April 4-11,2004.Stayed in 2 rooms which were clean but extremely cramped.Bathrooms small but clean.Beds were comfortable and clean.Great neighborhood, tube stop 1 block away.Can buy food at the grocery store on Kensington High Street, if you occaisionally want to avoid a restaurant bill.Swimming pool and workout room available for only 5 pounds per room for your entire stay-a good deal.If you get the continental breakfast with your room(served in the Italian restaurant), go between 6:30-7:30 AM to avoid the morning rush.Bring your food into adjoining Marlowe's Bar and sit by the window for better atmosphere.Concierge very helpful.If 4 in your group, consider taking a cab instead of the tube, although the family passes on the tube are a great deal.	
Apr 13 2004	Clean comfy but beware the car park.	We recently stayed in this hotel and found it to be very comfortable. the room was a bit on the small side, and I can understand why some might be disappointed, but it was clean and had all amenities. The breakfast was plentiful, and it had the cleanest dining room I've seen in a large hotel for a long time. We wanted an hotel with car parking as we were visiting relations, however, the car park was locked at 8p.m., so don't plan on checking out and having a day sightseeing before collecting your car! Better to park on the outskirts and get the tube!	
Apr 7 2004	Look out for mold and mildew	I was dissapointed with the Kensington Close Hotel. They gave us Room 311 and I have never seen so much mold and mildew in a bathroom in my life. The room was extremely small so it was hard to get around and not touch it. We were hoping the cleaning staff would take care of the problem but all they did was make the bed. Everything in this room was dirty. After a day or two we had our room switched. This room was also on the third floor. It was bigger and quieter but there was still mildew in the bathroom. Not sure why they choose not to thouroughly clean the rooms here. A bit of bleach would go a long way in this hotel.	
Apr 6 2004	Great location and Really small!	Hotel location was wonderful-a few minutes from tube stop but was marred by our tiny room. My girlfriend and I barely had room for both of our suitcases. We saw a few other rooms on our floor which were much more spacious, however, because we got a good deal with expedia, they may have given us their worst room. Otherwise, hotel is pretty nice, although I'd shy away from the pickle and cheese sandwiches in the bar!	
Mar 31 2004	Could barely move in the room.	Room was a bit larger than a sleeping car compartment on a train. no room to put anything. Bathroom totally tiny. Staff confused over the reservation, did not know breakfast included. Concierge was pleasent.	
Mar 28 2004	Great Value and Location.	My young daughter and I stayed here in early March and had a wonderful time. This is her first trip and my fifth--compared with other hotels that I have stayed at, this one offers great value and very good accomodations.The rooms are indeed small, as other reviewers have noted, but the space is more than adequate. A small writing desk is handy; the bathroom is modern and well appointed--shower and toilet worked well (not always the case, as with my last London hotel in the 3-star range). Closet space is minimal but sufficient. The beds are comfortable, with good linen, fluffy pillows, and warm comforter (these are not easy to attain in many hotels at this price range). Daily housekeeping service was excellent. The hotel is in a great location--just minutes away from the Tube (although the Circle Line broke down once) and many shops. There is a Marks and Spencer, Safeway grocery, a couple of bookshops, and lots of other places for shopping and eating (Wagamamma's and Soprano's are recommended for good, cheap eats). Kensington Park is a short walk away, and it offers a nice respite from busy city streets.The spa at the hotel is a good bargain at 5 pounds for the duration of your stay, and the pool, hot tub, sauna, and steam room are wonderful after a long day of sightseeing. We found the staff most helpful. The breakfast at the Carvery is pricey, but ours came with our package (less than 60 pounds per night at current exchange rate). Suggestion for people travelling with children: take advantage of the daily travelcard for the tube--at two pounds eighty for one adult and one child, this is a better deal than buying either the single adult/single child tickets or the carnet (at 15 pounds for ten tickets). The travelcard is good for unlimited Tube/bus travel and also can be used for discounts at different venues, like city cruises--and, despite what some travel books say, you don't need to bring a photo for the daily travelcard.	
Mar 27 2004	Great hotel!	I had a great two-night stay at this hotel. It was extremely clean and attractive. The location is optimal, close to the tube and shopping. A business center is in the lobby, and internet access is offered for a nominal fee. The concierge was very helpful, and provided valuable assistance. I highly recommend a stay.	
Mar 25 2004	very comfortable and pleasant	I stayed here in early March 2004 in a single room and found it extremely comfortable and clean. It was actually larger than I expected. The staff at the hotel was very pleasant and quick to assist when needed, including in the restaurant. It's a bit on the pricey side for the budget traveler, but you do get what you pay for, in my experience.	
Mar 23 2004	Very Good	Recently stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel (Mar 04) and would definitely rate it above average and excellent value for a 3 star hotel in London. The rooms are quite small but big enough to manouvre round and well arranged for their size, also very clean and the chamber maid came every day. However, I would recommend to upgrade and have the full breakfast included on your deal as the continental breakfast was dire... the milk was warm, the tea was like treacle and the coffee was awful, the cereal range was very small and the cheese and ham looked old, even the croissants looked stale. On the other hand the bar was good and served delicious pizza and other bar snacks. The location of the hotel was also very good as it was only a couple of minutes walk to High Street Kensington tube and other transport was easily accessible. All in all very good value for money. (I sometimes think people forget what they're paying for - if you want top knotch then go and stay at the Ritz). PS: Harrods does not open on Sunday.	
Mar 19 2004	Great value	The Kensington Close hotel is excellent value for money. We found the location ideal for all the sights of London, whether by tube, bus or taxi. Harrods is a 10/15 minute walk as is the V&amp;A. The rooms are clean, the staff very friendly and helpfull. The breakfast was excellent. All in all I would highly recommend this hotel, and would certainly use it again	
Mar 19 2004	quite good	stayed there for 3 nights, on last min special through expedia. rooms were quite small, like all in london, but very modern looking and clean. the location and value could not be much better, its only a few minutes walk from tube and has great thai and muffin shop next to it (skip hotel breakfast because of cost). overall a very good experience.	
Mar 16 2004	Very Slow Check In	We had booked this hotel 5 months before and thought we got a good rate until we arrived!!!!We had booked ourselves into an executive double as not only had we seen previous reviews for this hotel but on speaking to the hotel direct beforehand we were told that executive doubles were the largest in the hotel.After a 15 minute wait for check in we duly arrived at our room. We opened the door to find a little desk, luggage rack (which was behind the door so you could not open the door) and a bed. The bathroom had a sliding door. The room was so small my husband could not get around. The tv is stuck into the wall.We could not even sit down. After speaking to another couple next door they were told that the rooms were standard and she had paid ?60 (we had paid ?150!). After returning to reception (by the way my husband had to sit on the luggage rack because the chair was broken) we were told that there were no executive rooms available yet as no-one had checked out yet - this was 3.00 p.m. We were told to come back later. On returning back we were given another room but could not believe it when it was the room next door to the previous one.After our third attempt we had to settle for an executive twin room which I would still describe as small but we had had enough by this time.Sorry to go on about the rooms but on speaking to other people it turns out that the standard double rooms used to be single rooms when the hotel was the Posthouse. They then stuck a sliding door on the bathroom as there would be no way you could get in.Bar okay, breakfast was wonderful but if you have to pay for it go into Kensington High Street. The area is easy to get around lots of buses and tube station 5 minutes away.Would I stay in this hotel again - never. They are the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in. The Travel Inn/Travelodges have bigger rooms just to give you an idea of the size of them. I do appreciate that you are not in the room all the time but having to sit on a bed/luggage rack because of lack of space is unbelievable. Please read the previous reviews they are correct. This hotel although the rooms are allegedly refurbished needs to be demolished and rebuilt. The standard rooms are the old single rooms. The furnishings are not luxurious like they say. Our twin beds had covers on them that had been split at the room because they were too small for the quilt.Hope this review helps.	
Mar 13 2004	Mixed feelings about this hotel	We stayed at the Kensington Close at the end of February. This is one of those places that probably was once a great hotel, old but needs updating. The restaurant is nice and the bar was beautiful. The concierge was helpful. Our room and bath were VERY small, it was generally clean but the carpet was gross. I also noticed some upholstered chairs in some areas that needed to be redone. Location was OK, close to High Street Kensington tube stop and bus stops. Would probably pay a little more and stay somewhere else next time.	
Feb 26 2004	Thought it was very nice	I stayed here in October 2003 and the only problem I had with the place, is the fact that it took forever to checked in because a gas leak had been found. Therefore, no guests were allowed in the building til after 10:30pm. The staff handled the situation quite well though I think. Once in my room, I thought the comfy bed with a down duvet was wonderful. The room was definitely big enough and the bathroom was decent sized too. The location is close to the train station which is always a plus. For about 100 US dollars, I thought this place was better than the other hotels in England I stayed in. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Feb 21 2004	No surprises...Positive experience overall	Having read all the reviews posted here prior to selecting the Kensington Close Hotel for my stay in London, I would have to agree with all the positive reviews previously posted. As with all other postings, the location is fantastic...Yes. you are like 2 minutes from the Tube and the location is fabulous (Kensington). There are plentiful shops, cafes, restaurants all around on High Street Kensington. The neighbourhood itself is one of the richer areas of London and is within a 15-20 minute walk to Notting Hill and Kensington Palace. Its in quite a lively area of London. Coming from North America, the exchange is quite steep when you go to the UK and I found that rather than eating at restaurants all the time it was more cost efficient to head just down the street (like 5 minutes from the hotel) to the grocery store Safeway to purchase food items. It is much cheaper this way especially since most of the time was out and about walking the streets (bought food to eat in my room for Breakfast and sometimes dinner - hot food available at Safeway). As well, there is a internet cafe a few store fronts over from Safeway - handy if you wanna stay connected to the world. All-in-all, I found the Kensington Close hotel a very nice place to stay. Yes, the hallways and main foyer look kinda 'motel-ish' with the dark-red carpeting...Yes. the rooms are tiny but they are clean and the bathroom was clean (my room anyhow) but I really think that you would be hard pressed to find another place in London and receive the same for the value paid. Overall, this an ideal place to stay in a very nice part of London...Don't have any complaints and would definitely recommend if you are looking for the biggist bang for your buck. Next time in London, I will book here again. For a 3 star place, I would give this a 8.5 / 10....I really don't think you can find much superior place comparatively speaking...	
Feb 20 2004	Valentine weekend treat 2004	Found the hotel and restaurant to be very clean and the staff to be extremelly friendly and helpful. The location is excellent for all attractions and the underground is minutes away. In the immediate vacinity there are numerous typically english pubs and restaurant of all nations and descriptions. Excellent shopping for the ladies.	
Feb 20 2004	Agree with others...	It was very hard to find a decent reasonable hotel in London given the current exchange rate of GBP to USD. So were were quite pleased to find this place after searching the internet &amp; asking countless people for recommendations for our price range. Yes,the room was quite small but how much will you be in your room? It was was clean, functional and comfortable. Very efficient staff. Most of all this hotel is convienently located to shops, tube &amp; food!	
Feb 18 2004	i agree!	I agree, this was a fine place to stay on my first visit to London. Very close to Kensington High St. tube station, though I always took buses everywhere, they were so direct &amp; easy to figure &amp; plentiful!The hotel was clean and comfortable -- like everyone has said, the room was small. The staff was attentive, responsive. We had tea in our room in mornings, and could take baths, which was nice. Also had access for 5lbs extra per room to the gym/spa -- agree that you should book in advance for massage or facials. And be mindful that they close at 9:30pm, which was too early for me.3 Different restaurants on site -- though we preferred to go across the street for breakfast at The Muffin Man, where they had the most delicious sausage (served with eggs) and strawberry preserves... I hadn't expected to just wander into a good meal so quickly at a random British restaurant!Great neighborhood too -- very close to Hyde Park, and to good shopping (though exchange is far too bad right now to truly take advantage.) Not as exclusive an area as I'd anticipated though!I recommend!	
Feb 17 2004	Honestly you get what you paid for	I read through all of these reviews before going to London. They are all very positive. I would have to disagree strongly. While the hotel is not bad, it is not great either.The rooms are about 8 by 8 feet. (no joke). The beds are very soft so if you hate soft beds, you are out of luck -- we tried two rooms so i can tell you this is the standard bed they have. I think the beds have bed bugs -- something not to take likely since they can come home with you. The bathrooms are tiny as well and are not that clean either. Don't expect to use the concierge. While he is usually there, we asked him several questions and each time he couldn't recommend anything. They are basically reservation makers. They don't know much about the city -- very surprising. We tried 3 different people and they were all bad.Overall, this is the kind of hotel that you don't really want to walk barefoot around your room.The place is a hotel but the rooms remind me of red roof in motel rooms.Again, it isn't terrible but you get what you paid for.The one thing going for the place is that it is right around the corner from the underground station and in a cute section of town.Overall, i think the holiday inn in kennsington may be a better place -- much bigger and much nicer.Last year, i spent over 100 nights in various hotels and so i can speak from experience.in summary, i am not sure i would stay there again for the price. you can do better.	
Feb 12 2004	Can't find a better value	Having been all over Europe for two months for work, I found myself in London for the weekend, exhausted, and had a few requirements: 1) nice gym/pool/spa facilities where I could exercise and relax since I had no time during the week; 2) a clean room with a comfortable bed; 3) good, non touristy neighborhood close to the Tube. This hotel was perfect on all three, plus at a very reasonable price. Added bonus - I was so tired on Friday that I stayed in and got room service, which I almost never do for fear of bad food. It was delicious! Yes the room was small, and the hallways/common areas look a bit faded, but oh that wonderful bed with the fluffy down comforter. I slept for ages. Oh, and the health club - for 5 GBP you get full access to everything, and it's a real health club like you'd join at home. Only thing is - if you want a facial or massage, book ahead of time because apparently they sell out early. Even on my own dime, I'd stay here again for sure.	
Feb 9 2004	Overall very good	Stayed for 2 nights in february, the room was abit on the small size (for a double bed room), ensuite bathroom was again small but adequate.The hotel staff were pleasant and the hotel's pool &amp; gym were reasonable.The main restaurant was pleasant but the food wasn't as nice as I would have expected (might have been an off day). 2mins walk from the tube.Overall I would stay there again. 7/10	
Feb 5 2004 	55 dollars US/night!!!!	For this price in this pound/dollar environment,one expects the equivilent of a Bowery fleabag. Not the case!! Definitly three plus stars. Singles are indeed small. In fact, cruise ship stateroom small, but having travelled a few times to London and having stayed in selected, so-called, three star hotels, I must say that this was the best of the lot. The neighborhood is smart and the Hotel is close to Kensington High Street Tube. Very convenient to both Paddington and Victoria. Room amenities and maid service was also much more than expected. Big fluffy towels, clean rooms with turn-down service, bathroom amenities, coffeemaker, trouser press, an informed concierge and a friendly desk. Hey! For a three star I felt way ahead of the game.Plus: I was permitted to check in a bit early. The desk staff told me that my room would probably be ready at 12:30 instead of the ironclad 2PM rule that I've come to expect from other hotels in London.Minus (a mere quibble): No room safe. Single rooms are small, but I've had smaller in other European three stars.	
Feb 1 2004	Nice exterior but interior is lacking	I stayed here for 2 nights from a Priceline rate of $55 USD. I took a taxi from Paddington Station and it cost about 8 pounds. If you're taking the tube, it's just down Wrights Lane on the corner of the High Street Kensington tube station. Quite convenient. The exterior looks very new and beautiful.I asked for a room at the back and got it. Yes, it's a long way to walk to the back of the hotel but looking at the hotel chart of the back of door, it seems these rooms are larger than the others. Ok, when I say larger, the rooms are still very tiny. The room though, was in much poorer condition than I thought. Everything was old including furnishings, walls, etc. There are NO CONTROLS for heating. Because of that, I tried calling for an extra blanket the first night. It was only about 10:30 pm but I got no answer from the Reception, Housekeeping, and Concierge for about 20 minutes. They must have logged my complaint because the heat was going strong the second night I was there. There seemed to be quite a lot of tour groups staying at this hotel. Considering I also stayed at the Copthorne Tara Hotel next door for about the same price, I would definitely skip this hotel and stay next door.	
Jan 25 2004	LOVED IT!	My husband and I just returned from LondonHaving booked the kesnington Close Hotel through a travel agent for a great deal I was not expecting such a nice, quaint hotel. As others before me have written the location was great, just 5 minutes from the high street kensington stop, and close to tons of shops. Upon arrival we immediately checked in and within 5 minutes we walked into a very cute and clean room. It was very small but the cleanineess and quatiness made up for lack of space. The bathroom was hidden behind a sliding glass door that had a full length mirror The tub small by U.S. standards was clean and great for soaking in Lush products (Which you can purchase on high street kensington, for you vegetarians 50% of their products are vegan). The staff was gracious and the concierges desk was awesome. When I needed to call my airline they allowed me to use their phone. Having been to london several times all on budget travel. This hotel was definetly worth every penny and more. Until I am filthy rich and can afford the Ritz. This place is it!	
Jan 10 2004	Friendly and Helpful staff Great breakfast and Clean Rooms	I stayed at Kensington Close for 10 nights and loved every bit of it! The staff was very friendly and helpful...The breakfast buffet was wonderful and the room was very clean. The room was extremely tiny, but who cares? I was there to see London, not stay in my room! I would recommend this hotel to anyone! The staff at Kensington Close did not disappoint! Thank you for your great service!!!!	
Dec 27 2003	Nice Hotel/good rates	My boyfriend and I stayed for four nights at the Kensington Close in October. Although the room was very small, it had a bathtub which is rare in Europe and I love a good soak after a long day of sightseeing! The staff was helpful and courteous and the location near the metro was great. The only thing that we really did not like was the breakfast. The continental breakfast room was dark and somewhat sloppy and the breakfast buffet line was tremendously long and slow. If I was to go again, I would definitely eat breakfast elsewhere. 	
Dec 18 2003	Great place to stay!!!	Stayed for 7 nights and couldn't have been more pleased. Very convenient to the tube (just up the block and around the corner), very good restaurants (Carvery and the Italian Restaurant), very quaint and good gift shop, internet access in the lobby for a minimal price, but most of all, wonderful staff (especially the concierge service). Everyone was very helpful, friendly and accommodating. I have stayed in other hotels in London, and I'm sure I will be returning to London, and will definitely stay at the Kensington Close. I had the full English breakfast included in my room price, and once you eat that, you are quite full for the rest of the day and ready to face a day of sightseeing, shopping and enjoying the great city of London. I highly recommend this hotel. Please feel free to email me with any questions.	
Dec 12 2003	London for 1 night.	This hotel has a good location but the check in/out took ages. The room was small but very clean and quiet also the shower was great. I am 6'.3&quot; and the twin beds were far too small and I didnt sleep well because of this.	
Nov 26 2003	OK.	Nov '03. Check-in was slow, even though we booked on-line &amp; prepaid. The lobby was smokey &amp; stuffy--every time we entered day or night, door open or closed. The room was small, but clean. Comfortable bed &amp; linens. We slept with the window open as the temp was a bit warm. We grew to be comfortable in the tight surroundings as we got comfortable with the Tube &amp; getting around London--hotel was close to Tube station. It became &quot;home&quot;. We didn't use the spa facilities although they looked to be nice &amp; cost 5 Pounds/room/stay. A hotel closer in to Picadilly/Soho may have been more convenient to nightlife/theatres, but we managed OK.	
Nov 24 2003	So I liked it does that make me a bad person?	My best friend and I had a fabulous time in the Kensington Close Hotel. Really close to the tube. More importantly, very close to restaurants and shopping! Got a deal through expedia.com so didn't have to pay the full rate, which was way more than what we paid. Rooms are tiny, but I hear that's typical of London, so I can't complain. Rooms were clean. All the employees are awesome, didn't meet one I had a problem with. The bar/lounge was big and comfy- hung out there a couple nights for a few drinks. Great time all around, definately would stay again (if I could get the same fantastic rate)!	
Nov 20 2003	Fabulous little hotel!	I stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel from 13-17 November 2003 and I was very pleased with the hotel. I originally booked online another &quot;hotel&quot; in an attempt to save money, but this hotel was always in the back of my head. Thank goodness as I checked out of the first hotel without staying there and booked immediately with the Kensington Close Hotel. Here's a tip: Don't book through the hotel directly, but with their website for really great rates. I saved 117 pounds by doing it this way and my rate included breakfast. I was able to check in quickly and get right up to my room. The hotel has numerous lifts so there is never a queue (unless a busload of people have arrived) to get on one. Once up at my room, I discovered I was near an exit door. As a woman traveling alone, I was concerned about this and wanted to change my room, but no free singles were available. If you can imagine the layout of the hotel with the double rooms and suites on the main corridors and the singles on the cross corridors, apparently all the singles are only to be found on these and so moving would have done nothing to improve my concern about safety. I was fortunate enough to not have to worry about safety as the hotel was quiet and there wasn't a lot of foot traffic from outside into the hotel. The rooms are small, but for me it was perfect. The bed was incredibly comfortable with a down comforter and four pillows. Each day the room was cleaned and I received clean, fresh towels. I never had a concern about the cleanliness of the hotel or my room. In fact, I would say that on this aspect, this hotel was cleaner than most US hotels I have stayed at. The temperature in the room was perfect and I slept with the window open underneath the soft and comfy comforter. The room had a safe, minibar, kettle with cups and tea/coffee, and a TV with 8 channels (one was in German). There was a pants press inside the closet, but no dresser so I left my suitcase open for storing items. As someone else noted (and I am so glad they did as I would never have thought to look), the hairdryer was inside the desk drawer. What I especially liked was how quiet the room and hotel are as I had no problem falling asleep and staying asleep. I liked, too, that they had an alarm in the TV, which was easy to set and reliable. For the little time I spent in my room, I was absolutely pleased and couldn't have asked for more. The Biz.Centre by the Concierge has 6 computer terminals to access the internet at a cost of 50p for 9 minutes. It takes coins or credit cards and I never had a problem using one or waiting to use one. There is also a small store next to this inside the hotel where you can grab a newspaper, candy, soda, or even souvenirs. I had breakfast most days at the Carvery inside the hotel, which consisted of cereal, juice, coffee/tea, toast, croissants, danish, yogurt, eggs, meat, etc. It's packed no matter what time you go and as a vegetarian, I had my Wheetabix and a croissant, but then opted for a yummy muffin and tea up at Pret a Manger at the High Street Kensington Tube station up the street. I did have a drink one night at Marloes, but it was rather quiet --- perhaps just a quiet week at the hotel. I loved the location of the hotel as I could get to and from anything quickly. This wasn't my first trip to London so I knew I wasn't looking for touristy things to do, but if you are, you are within walking distance of Notting Hill, Portobello Market, and other sites and the Tube stop (District and Circle Lines) at High Street Kensington make commuting super easy. Wait until after 9:30 am to buy your one day travelcard for a discount or even better, buy your travelcards online before going to the UK for the best rates. I had taken Heathrow Express and lugged my bags on the Tube, but for my trip home, I took a taxi to Paddington Station. There is a taxi queue across the street from the hotel as the Cophorne Tara Hotel is next door to Kensington Close. My trip was all of 7 pounds -- not bad at all. There is a Safeway market nearby (go up Wright's Lane and bear left on High Street Kensington, cross the street and it's there). Also in this area is a Starbuck's and a few small restaurants. If you bear right on High Street Kensington, there is a McDonald's, Pizza Hut, Crispins (small store with sandwiches -- think 7-11), Wagamamma, and several restaurants including Chinese, Cuban, a few pubs, etc. Of course, at the High Street Kensington Tube station is a Boots and my favorite, Marks &amp; Spencers. There is also a cafe on Wright's Lane as well as a tea room and Thai restaurant, none of which I personally visited, but all were doing brisk business, probably due to location. Things I didn't like: Silly little things like getting up to get more OJ at breakfast and having my table cleared and given to someone else (so are the pains of traveling alone) and having minibar charges added to my bill when I didn't touch the minibar. The clerk checking me out simply asked the manager to take the charges off and it was corrected immediately. I met an American woman traveling with a friend who told me that her and her friend were sharing a Double, but that it consisted of 2 twin beds pushed together and her friend had a cold, so she wasn't terribly happy about that. I would probably share a Double with my husband, but maybe get a suite if I were going with another person, but I would definitely stay here again because of its location, clean and modern property, and price. One last note -- get a London A-Z guide either in a bookstore or Amazon.com before traveling or when you arrive to help you get around. I guarantee it will make your life easier when you don't have to continually ask for directions and visit the museums (Nationally Gallery, Tate Modern) that are free and avoid the tourist traps that are pure crap like Madame Tussauds.	
Nov 20 2003	Excellent location suitable staff expensive dining	The price for such a high class area of town was great. Very convenient location...just a 2-3 blocks from the tube. The staff was a bit obnoxious. (poor English skills for some) When I arrived at 11am, I was told to wait around until 2pm to check in. Now after 12 hours in airports and airplanes, the last thing you want to do is wait to shower and get settled. So, hit the gym. The gym was outstanding. Small and in a weird location, but great equipment. The concierge was a bit snotty, but to be expected I guess. Ate at the Italian restaurant and it was great food, but greatly overpriced. The rooms were just fine. I've seen complaints about the size, but there was a regular size bed, walking room, tvs, a huge bathroom, and great linens....not sure what more you need. Overall I'd stay there again.	
Nov 12 2003	Dump	In short, a DUMP... for this price, you're better off in a youth hostel... the rooms, yes they are small, but who cares about that when you can have a small room that is musty, moldy, filthy dirty, and hey how about those food crumbs between the sheets... I'm here, now, in situ, for a week due to a package deal, and I've had my room switched out THREE times already and they have gotten progressively worse... the phone doesn't work correctly either!!! In short, go somewhere else...	
Nov 11 2003	An Exceptional Hotel !	I stayed in the Kensington Close Hotel in January 2003 for a week. It was the nicest stay I have ever had in London (and I was staying at a deeply discounted rate ! ) The room was large and clean, the beds were VERY comfortable, and the bathroom was spotless and actually had a usable bathtub. The hotel has excellent facilities, and is a short walk to shops and the underground. I can only imagine that some of the unfavorable reviews here are because people confused this hotel with a similarly named budget hotel. I fully intend to stay at this hotel on my future trips to London, if at all possible.	
Nov 5 2003	A great choice	This hotel surprised us in many ways. Regardless of its relatively bland exterior, the Close made good impressions in several ways: nearness to the incessantly cute High Street Kensington neighborhood and Tube, small but clean and quiet rooms, friendly staff, COMFORTABLE in-house pub (spent much time there as opposed to other on-street pubs), probably the most comfortable beds this side of Buckingham Palace (downy blankets, thick cozy mattress, big pillows). For four days it was a welcome sight at the end of a long day of sightseeing in London. For a 3 star property this hotel is RECOMMENDED.	
Nov 3 2003	It worked for us	Excellent location and quite nice for the price. Low end London hotels (and fifty pounds per night is getting down there) can be pretty seedy. My wife and I were quite pleased with our room. Small, but that's fine with us. I'm a little perplexed at some of the negative reviews. I'm sure that you could get a larger room with a wider bed in Wichita, but then you'd be in Kansas.	
Oct 13 2003	V.Good Hotel	I found the Kensington Close to be a wonderful hotel. It was my first trip to London and I was very nervous.... I was with tour group-Cosmos-and just loved the hotel. It was close to everything. My friend and I were able to walk to the tube and do some sight-seeing on our own. Rooms were VERY clean and food in the Carvery were excellent. I also loved Marlowe's PUb. I had a very nice chicken sandwich there. Service was great and everyone was helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and hope to stay there next time I go there. Please email me if you have any questions about this hotel or Cosmos trips.. I would reccomend both. My email is SaraM1976@aol.com Thanks!	
Oct 10 2003	a sign of relief!	This Hotel was like a breath of fresh air in comparison to many of the so called 3 star Hotels in London. I found the reception assistance to be extreemly helpful and friendly. The hotel was clean and the spa was awsome.. The room was a bit small, but I didn't mind. It was comfortable, clean and it appeared as if it had been refurbished. I would highly recommend this hotel. Especially if you're looking for something up to par that you won't pay an arm and a leg for, like many of the hotels in London... Big ups to the Kensington Close. I will be returning...	
Oct 6 2003	Great value for the money	I have just returned home from my first visit to London, England. We booked a package through go-today. It was a terrific value for the money. for only $499 we received round trip airfare and 6 nights at the Kensington Close Hotel. Our airline tickets alone had a price on them of over $1400.00 That is a $900 saving right off the top. The Hotel had a great location for easy Tube access. We had no trouble finding our way to any of the historical sights. There were 3 restraunts and a bar. The concierge and tour desk were always helpful. A continental breakfast was included in our package. Ham, cheese, hard boiled eggs, toast, danish, croissants, rolls, mellon, sliced oranges, plain yougurt, cereal, orange juice, grapefruit juice, milk, coffee and tea were the daily selections. The posted nightly rate for a twin room was over 149 pounds which would equal over $240 US dollars. We requested an extra nights stay and they would only give us the same room at 99 pound with no breakfast. This forced us to buy an extra night online at a foreign hotel consolidator. We were able to stay the extra night for 65 pound which equals $110 US Dollars. It was annoying to have to take the extra step but I believe it was worth it. We still had not seen Buckingham Palace or the London Eye and needed the extra day. The best part of our trippackage was that we were able to stay and additional week in London and have no increase in our airfare. We did not even have to book the hotel with this part of the package. This was a big plus for us since we have friends outside London with whom we would be staying the extra week. The room was small comapared to our American standards. One of the twin beds was quite soft. The rooms have no airconditioning but the window was able to be opened very far with a special tool the concierge would open it with. Our average temperatures were only in the low 70's so air was not a life or death situation, but it did get quite stuffy due to no cross ventilation. Our first night I had eaten a bad meal down on Canary Wharf and was very ill. They quickly bought me up a fan to the room which helped tremendously the rest of the week. We had attempted to buy a fan at several stores with NONE to be found. We had a wonderful trip and felt completely safe at all times. If the heat bothers you at all I would be sure to make another choice. I know we will go again if we have the opportunity.	
Sep 29 2003	For the same price as a hostel...	... you can get a hotel.When my friend and I were looking for London lodging, she wanted hostel and I found the Kensington Close hotel for the same price. I didn't expect much, but was pleasantly suprised.The staff was nice, location was perfect, and it was only a two minute walk to the tube. Yes the rooms were small and there was no air conditioning, but that is the norm in Europe. We Americans are a little spoiled.It is hard to find a liveable hotel in London for less than $125 a night. This was a great bargain. I would definitely recommend it for the budget traveler.	
Sep 19 2003	Fantastic Value for a Nice Hotel	We also got a room at the hotel's website for 65 pounds but we had a Superior Room, which is larger than their standard room (approximately the size of a standard US hotel room), because we had to have a cot in the room for our daughter (it apparently would not fit into a Standard room so they must be small). Although the beds were a little on the short side, we found our room to be clean and very quiet (we were at the back of the hotel, not much of a view but we didn't mind). We also found the staff to be helpful and quick with helping us--they were also great about answering questions via email before we arrived. Also, as others have noted, the location is fantastic. We would definately stay there again.	
Sep 2 2003	Great Deal!	We found a great deal on the hotel website for Sunday night (65 poounds rather than the usual 160 pounds). The room was very small, a standard room for London. It was very modern and clean in the room although the lobby and hallway had some terrible smoke filled carpet. The staff was a little slow, but helpful. The best thing about the hotel was the price for a hotel in that location - lots of shopping and good restaurants abound and it was two minutes to a Tube station! If I get that deal again I will defintely return!	
Aug 12 2003	To Hot	Stayed at the Kensington Close at the beginning of the heat wave in mid July, for 9 days. It was unbearable as far as the heat was concerned. With no AC and fans at a premium and windows that bearly open. The rooms are small to say the least but they where clean and kept after. The coolset place was the pub, in more ways than one. Actually thought about sleeping in the pub after it closed since it has AC. The location was great, near the underground and many attractions that are in walking distance.Would I stay again, yes, but for only 2 or 3 days.	
Aug 11 2003	I wouldn't recommend...	When we arrived we were told that they only had a twin even though we booked a double. After some hassle, they found us a double - which was horrid. It reeked of damp and the bed and desk could barely fit into the room it was so small. When we went down to complain they said that it was a superior room! I don't want to know what the standard rooms look like. The second double they gave us (Didn't they said they didn't have any???) was the same size but at least it didn't smell of damp. I will say that the bathroom was clean but the room's walls were filthy and the carpet hadn't been vacuumed. It was stifling hot and overall it was the worst hotel I have stayed at in London (and I am there quite alot).	
Aug 10 2003	It was hotter than Hades!	It was a hot horrible place! The Kensington Close needs to come into the 21st century. The room was hot, there was nothing to offer relief in the midst of London's Heat Wave. Even the water and the juices available at the breakfast buffet were not iced. I was disgusted that we were charged PER glass of soda at the dinner buffet. I tried to reach reception, and the phone rang over 50 times with no answer. There was no working ventilation system in the bathroom, you shower, attempt to dry off, and then were wet again from the steam. I suppose during other seasons the situation is bearable. On a good note, the concierges were very helpful and efficient. The maid staff did a good job keeping the room clean.	
Aug 9 2003	Great hotel with amenities	My husband and I stayed at this hotel during the first 2 nights on a sight-seeing tour of Europe. It was wonderful.The lobby, hallways and rooms were very clean. The rooms were a bit small, but they and the bathrooms had been recently refurbished and were very nice/modern.The hotel is not air conditioned, but we left the window open and were not uncomfortable (1st week in June).The best part of this hotel is definitely the spa downstairs. Residents of the neighborhood can join the spa (and do) - it's that good. They have a lap pool, jacuzzi, weight room and more. The only drawback is that it closes at 9:30pm. However, we found it a lovely way to start and end a long day of sight-seeing (especially soaking your feet in the jacuzzi).The carvery breakfast is also excellent, so I'd recommend trying to get that included (I think it was about 10 pounds otherwise).I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 10 2003	A great deal		
Jun 18 2003	Never Stay Here!!!!!!!		
Jun 2 2003	A good budget choice in expensive London		
May 31 2003	Great price		
May 10 2003	Wonderful Experience		
Apr 30 2003	Won't Return to Kensington Close		
Apr 13 2003	beds are short		
Mar 23 2003	Bull****!!!!		
Mar 3 2003	Great facilities location price		
Jan 8 2003	covenient location excellent service affordable		
Nov 16 2009 	no apto para altos		
Nov 14 2009 	viejo frio y mal trato		
Nov 12 2009 	Muy bien para lo que esperabamos por ser Londres		
Nov 4 2009	buon hotel in ottima posizione ma stanze piccolissime		
Nov 4 2009 	MINABLE		
Nov 1 2009 	Honestidad		
Oct 22 2009 	muy buen hotel		
Sep 23 2009 	Katastrophal - kleine Zimmer und schmutzig		
Sep 21 2009 	Bueno...no está mal...		
Sep 19 2009 	C'est le pire hotel qu'il m'a été donné de réserver		
Sep 16 2009 	Gute Lage guter Service - alles in Ordnung.		
Aug 26 2009 	Kensington Close: Yes please!		
Jun 3 2009 	limite..très limite		
May 15 2009 	A éviter....		
May 8 2009 	Hotel viejo pero bien situado		
May 6 2009 	Pulito posizione ottima colazione varia		
Apr 23 2009 	Albergo da consigliare		
Apr 13 2009	Verdient seine 4 Sterne bei weitem NICHT		
Mar 1 2009 	Bien placé - Bon rapport Qualité Prix		
Jan 15 2009	Hotel Kensington Close Spa 4 étoiles		
Jan 10 2009 	Decevant voire catastrophique		
Dec 18 2008 	Acogedor y muy bien situado		
Dec 11 2008 	buen hotel calidad precio y ubicacion		
Dec 9 2008 	Non corrisponde!!		
Oct 10 2008 	diferenciar las zonas comunes de las habitaciones		
Sep 21 2008 	mejor de lo esperado para ser londres		
Sep 17 2008 	Estupendo		
Aug 29 2008	Definitivamente pueden y deben mejorar.		
Aug 14 2008 	Bien situado pero habitaciones muy pequeñas		
Aug 10 2008 	Ne surtout pas séjourner dans cet hôtel		
Aug 6 2008 	Mediocre		
Jul 24 2008 	un excellent souvenir !!		
Feb 9 2008 	Très bien situé mais chambre spartiate		
Jan 8 2008 	super hôtel		
Dec 15 2007	Hotel correct pour Londres		
Dec 12 2007	Ekelhaft schmutzig		
Dec 1 2007 	accogliente struttura per congressi e ben posizionato		
Nov 15 2007	Le service n'est pas à la haiteur de cet hotel tres sympa		
Oct 15 2007 	Estancia correcta en Kensigton Close		
Aug 27 2007 	bellissimo kensington close		
Aug 12 2007 	Deplorable organización		
Jul 30 2007 	Con tres *** ya es demasiado para ese hotel		
Jul 17 2007 	Me disgusto la organizacion y atencion del hotel (lamentable para su categoria)		
May 19 2007	Nos gustó mucho y hotel a buen precio		
Apr 20 2007 	Hotel pésimo		
Dec 2 2006	Hotel trés simple pour un 4 étoiles...		
