Ankaran is a touristic seaside settlement with about 3000 inhabitants in . It lies on the Adriatic coast, about halfway between and . 

Understand
Tourism development began in once small village after the World War 1 and grew into the dominant economic activity in the village. Ankaran is today a well-equipped tourist village with hotel complex, apartments, camping, beach, outdoor pool, wellness and sports places.
In the village there are also a shop, post office, bank, and pharmacy.
Mild Mediterranean climate, sunny location next to the sea, lush Mediterranean vegetation and numerous natural and cultural attractions in the surrounding area represent great tourist potential.
The most prominent building in Ankaran is a former Benedictine monastery, which was founded in the 11th century. The building has been looking almost like today since first half of the 17th century. Nowadays in this extraordinary cultural monument operates very special 4 stars Hotel Convent.

History
The area of Ankaran has been inhabited since the time of Roman empire. 
Bishop of Trieste has commanded to build a small church on the place where currently is Hotel Convent. In 1072 it was donated to Benedictine monastery Saint Niccolo in Venice with all the possessions together. Benedictines were dealing with the production of wine, olive oil and fishing. Monks have stayed for 500 years and in this time they have rebuilt and renovated monastery for several times and dramatically increased the associated property.

The building of the monastery has been looking like today since the first half of 17th century. Shortly after last renovation by monks in Istria occurred plague epidemic in 1630. The number of inhabitants was sharply reduced and also monks leave the monastery. After the last of them moved away, monastery became a summer residence of the Benedictine order in 1641. In 1772 monastery has been finally disbanded by the Venetian Republic. The building was bought by the noble family from Koper which has changed it to their summer residence. In the early 19th century, at the time of the Illyrian Provinces it was edited to a military hospital. After reconnecting this area to the Austro-Hungarian Empire it became a hospital for naval officers.
In 1818 the travelers Dr. Heinrich Hoppe and Friederich Hornschuh published an article about the great diversity of flora in Ankaran. During this time the conviction that a mild Mediterranean climate and sea are suitable for the therapeutic treatment of lung and bone diseases has been expanded. Therefore Ankaran was focused on the health services since the beginning of the Illyrian Provinces till the beginning of the World War 1. There was also founded an observatory for pulmonary tuberculosis and children's sanatorium (which doesn’t exist anymore).
Tourist activity in Ankaran has begun after World War I, when the building of former monastery has been turned into a hotel. Later has been built also a swimming pool and tennis places. After World War II a camp has been added. In the former Children's Convalescent has been edited Orthopedic Hospital Valdoltra which has a really good reputation today. On Debeli rtic was built youth sanatorium and resort, which is still active.

Climate

Ankaran is characterized by a sub-Mediterranean climate with hot summers and mild winters.
The average annual temperature in Ankaran is 13.5 ͦC. The average January temperature is 5 ͦC, while the average July temperature is 23 ͦC.
Annual precipitation is 1046mm. (In one year dropped 1,046 liters of water per square meter). This means that the Slovenian coast is second driest area in the country. Drier is only Pomurje region. Most of the precipitation falls in the autumn as rain. Snow is on the Adriatic coast extremely rare occurred.
The summer season (when it is possible to swim in the sea and play various water sports) lasts from early June to late September. For outdoor activities such as hiking, biking and different trips weather in summer is often too hot, but the temperature is very suitable in any other season. 
The sea temperature in summer is around 24 ͦC, occasionally it warms up to 30°C.

Get in
Ankaran has a good transport position. It is only 5 km away from highway and is easily accessible for cars as well as for large buses.

*By plane: The closest airport is Ronchi in Trieste, which is just 61km away from Ankaran. Ljubljana Airport is 125km away, the airports in Treviso and Venice are both about 170km away. Especially Marco Polo Airport in Venice offers good connections to cities all around Europe and the world.

*By the train: The train from Ljubljana comes to Koper 4 times a day. It is recommended to take a bus or taxi for the way from the main railway and bus station in Koper (both in the same location) to Ankaran. The way is about 6,5 km long. 

*By the car: If you come from the direction of Ljubljana, leave the highway at Dekani exports and turn to the northwest and drive for 5 km till Ankaran. Do the same if you come from the direction of Trieste. If you are coming from the direction of Izola and Koper drive along the highway to the fork Sermin and turn towards Ankaran.

Get around
*By the car: By the car are all of the tourist attractions in the surroundings easily accessible.

*Cycling: Because of the picturesque landscape and very good cycling patches on the area, it is recommended to rent a bike. One of the best Cycling patch is called “Parencana” - a former railway between Trieste and Porec (a town in Croatia). In the surrender of Ankaran it is possible to cycle along quite simple flat paths which are suitable also for children. For those with better physical preparedness a little bit demanding ascents are also aviable. 

*By bus: Bus drives from Ankaran to Koper every hour. One-way ticket could be purchased also directly on the bus and costs € 0.80. From Koper drives buses around the entire Slovenian coast, the hinterland of Slovenia and to Trieste.

See

*Hotel Convent: The building of the former Benedictine monastery of St. Nicholas from the 11th century represents a cultural monument and has a great historical value.
Hotel Convent is a 4-star hotel just a few steps away from the sea. It has 23 rooms, equipped in a classical style and luxury suite. Particularly attractive part of the building is the atrium - internal stone courtyard with fountain. On the south side of the building is located a beautiful park.
Internal stone courtyard Convent Hotel in typical Istrian style offers a beautiful and peaceful atmosphere for enjoying a cup of coffee. 

*Debeli rtič is the most northern peninsula of the Slovenian coast. This area has a long tradition of cultivation of the wine variety Cabernet. This variety likes a location beside the sea the most. Vineyards with the sea on the background offer the opportunity for beautiful walks.
One part of the Debeli Rtič is declared as a natural monument. The protected area covers precipitous, 12 to 21 m high steep cliff walls, narrow terrace, and approximately 200m of shallow coastal seas.
On Debeli Rtič also operates youth sanatorium.

*Resel's grove is one of the (unfortunately) less known attractions in the surrender of Ankaran. It represents the typical species of oak and many other interesting species of plants. It has been named after the famous inventor of the ship propeller Josef Ressel, who lived in Trieste. He even planted some of the trees himself. 

*Sea duneIn St. Catherine between Ankaran and Koper is located sea dune with large quantities of shells of sea snails and shellfish. Experts have found more than 234 different species of mollusks in this area. Especially children are excided about the dune.

Do
In Ankaran there are possible many different activities: 
*swimming (on the see and in outdoor swimming pool during the summer, in indoor swimming pool whole year)
*Hiking
*Cycling (many cycling routes) 
*Wellness
*Bowling
*Volleyball
*Tennis

Ankaran is also excellent point to start interesting excursions in surroundings. 

*
*Izola
*
*
*Miramare castle
*Škocjanske jame Caves
*Postojnska jama Cave
*Predjama castle

All of the sightseeing above are just half hour driving or lees away from Ankaran.

Buy
Payment in Slovenia is possible only in euros, which is the official currency just like in many countries of EU.

Eat
Traditional Istrian dishes are based on local food: fish, seafood, pasta and seasonal vegetables and fruits, which grow extremely well because of the mild Mediterranean climate. Typical spices in this area are parsley, garlic, saffron, thyme, rosemary, basil and many others. Olive groves are also very typical for this area, so the quality olive oil is indispensable by the preparation of food. Because of border areal of olive trees, oil has a more pronounced flavor than the one that was produced in warmer environments, for example in Greece.
Highly appreciated and well-known dish is prossciuto which is dry-cured ham. 
The local specialties are dishes with truffles that grow in Istria.
Typical desserts are “kroštola” and “fritole”.

Drink
Slovenian coast has a rich tradition in producing wine. There are many wine producers and companies dealing with wine. They offer also degustations of wine and wine cellar and wine yard sightseeings. The most typical red variety that grows here is Refosco. Other red varieties are Merlot, Cabernet, Cabernet Sauvignon, Pinot Noir and Shiraz.
Well known white varieties are: Malvasia, Muscat, Chardonnay and Pinot Gris.

Sleep

Stay safe
Slovenia is one of the safest countries in the world, but few ordinary prudence about money and items with a higher value is not superfluous.
The national number for emergency calls is 112 and 113 for police.

Cope
In the village Ankaran there is a pharmacy. The nearest medical center in is Koper, 6,5 km away and the nearest hospital is in Izola, 11 km away from Ankaran.
Nationals of the EU countries and Switzerland, Serbia, Montenegro and Macedonia are entitled to emergency medical services invoked by the European health insurance card. It is recommended to conclude additional travel insurance before arrival, which also covers other services till selected values.
Slovenian health care system, the competence of personnel and equipment of hospitals are comparable to the West-European countries.
Slovenia is not a country where you could expect any special health problems. Tap water is drinkable throughout the whole year. Hygiene standards are high and there are any epidemics. Problems due to insect bites and poisoning are not most probable. Further vaccination before arrival is not needed.

Language
In Slovenia the official language is Slovenian. In addition to the Slovenian language in the municipalities
of Ankaran, Koper, Izola and Piran official language is also Italian.
Otherwise, the Slovenes in principle well communicate in foreign languages.
Especially young people speak English very well. Many of them also speak German or Italian. 
Get out