An'ning (安寧) is a small town in province famous for its hot springs.

Get in
From Kunming
You can take a bus from Xiaoximen bus station for 12¥. The busride takes about 40-45 minutes and will take you to yuan shan bei lu street 园山北路. It is located a little east of the river and northeast of a small lake called Don Hu. From here you should take a taxi which will cost you about 20-30¥.

Get around

See

Do
jinfang Forest Hotspring
The spa resort has plenty of hot baths and pools. Go uphill, past the pirate ship to find the fun themed hot water teacups. Next go right to relax in the different hot pools scattered across the forest. Prices vary per day (weekday 130¥, weekend 160¥, holiday 190¥)

Most hotels and hostels will organise day tours to the springs.
Going it alone from Kunming will enable you to relax and spend as much time as you wish at the springs. You can take a public bus, followed by a taxi. Go to the bus station on the north-west corner of Renmin Road (Renmin Lu; 人民路) and Dongfeng West Road (Dongfeng Xi Lu; 东风西路). The bus station is at ground level back on a small alley (Yuanjiao Passenger Transport Terminal). If you are lost in the underground area here you can ask vendors to point the way to the bus to An'ning. In the bus station you can get tickets on the 17 bus for ¥7 per person from the ticket counter furthest from the entrance. The buses leave frequently, perhaps every 10-15 minutes. Bus 18 goes directly to the hot springs and leaves hourly. The journey takes about 40-50 minutes max.
Once in An'ning, you will go through a short tunnel. Get out two stops after, next to a lake (on your right side), on Yuanshan South Road. There are private minibuses and taxis round the corner that will take you to the Jinfang Springs for ¥25-40. Be sure to ask for the Jinfang springs as there are other basic hot springs facilities and hotels in the area.
The staff at the springs will be happy to arrange a taxi for your return to the bus stop, again for ¥30 where you can board the next 17 bus into Kunming.
A taxi all the way back into Kunming from the springs would cost around ¥200.

If you take bus 18, walk north to the bridge across the river. After you cross take the second left and go about .5 kilometer to the springs. 
When taking a bus back to Kunming do not be distracted by the smaller buses, which are local and can have number 17 or 18, but followd by the chinese "lu" sign (for street).
The buses to Kunming are big and runs from the opposite side of the street as facing to the lake, also from the Yuan Shan Nan Lu.

It is a very good idea to get the bus back if you are returning in the evening, as the traffic gets extremely busy and the buses have their own uncongested lane, reducing the journey time considerably.
Once at the springs, entry is 126rmb per person plus a deposit for the locker keys. Staff will meet you at the door but not much English is spoken and there is very little written down as well. A couple of the staff there have some basic English, enough to get you into the springs if you have no questions.
Immerse yourself in the strawberry, mint, milk, etc. flavoured hot pools or just take a swim in the swimming pool.
Also there is a fountain styled jaccuzzi and loads of pools to try.
Next to the bar can find a fish pond, where your skin will be devoured by tiny but hungry fish herd.
There is also a thermally heated sand bath, where you can rest on the heated sand.

Buy

Eat

At Jinfang how springs you can buy from the bar drinks (5RMB), icecream (10RMB) and some basic foods.

Drink

Sleep

Get out