Appleton is a growing city in central-eastern , with a population of approximately 72,000 residents and a metro area of ~350,000. It is known as being safe, quiet, and visually pleasant. It is perhaps most famous as the boyhood town of Harry Houdini, the famed magician.

Get in

By plane

Outagamie County Regional Airport () serves the city of Appleton and surrounding communities with flights to six major hubs: Minneapolis, Detroit and Atlanta with Delta; Chicago and Denver with United; Milwaukee with Frontier/Midwest. Allegiant Air also offers limited direct flights to Appleton from Las Vegas and Orlando.

Ground transportation from the airport to downtown is limited to taxis. For a single person expect to pay around $15 dollars for the 15 minute ride although prices vary with each cab service. Hotels like the Holiday Inn Hotel Appleton (920) 735-9955 , Radisson Hotel, Candlewood Suites and the Hampton Inn offer complimentary shuttle service to and from the airport.

By car

The primary roads into the metro Appleton area are US 41 and US 10. US 41 runs north-south on the west side of the city, and turns east-west across the north side of the city. US 41 connects to Green Bay to the northeast and Oshkosh, Fond du Lac, and Milwaukee to the south. WIS 441 loops from US 41 across the south and east sides of the metro Appleton area. US 10 is an east-west highway that connects to Manitowoc to the east, and Stevens Point/Wausau to the west.

By bus

Greyhound Bus offers daily service to Appleton via its Chicago-Green Bay bus route. With no transfers, Greyhound to/from Chicago will take about 5 hours while to/from Green Bay will take about 40 minutes.

Get around

Getting around town is accomplished efficiently and cheaply by using the public transportation system or by taxis. Public buses are reliable and charge about $1.50 in fares. If you are staying downtown in the Raddison or Copperleaf you can easily walk to nearby restaurants bars and shops.

See

Theater and musicals at the Performing Arts Center, in downtown Appleton. High quality shows such as the famous Chinese Acrobats, and mainstream plays such as Phantom of the Opera and Les Miserables are occasionally featured at this venue.

Do

Learn

In general Appleton is well-respected for the quality of the education in its public schools, both at the primary and secondary levels.

* Lawrence University - a small, private liberal arts college. Ranked #1 university in Wisconsin by Forbes

* University of Wisconsin-Fox Valley - a two-year collegiate campus of the University of Wisconsin System.

* Fox Valley Technical College - a technical (community) college of the Wisconsin Technical College System.

Buy

The primary shopping destination for visitors is the Fox River Mall Wisconsin’s second largest shopping mall with more than 180 retailers. The mall is located along the Hwy 41 corridor just west of Appleton, in Grand Chute. The Fox River Mall is anchored by Macy's, Sears, Target, Younkers, JCPenney and the largest sporting goods store in Wisconsin, Scheel's All Sports. Numerous stores, restaurants, hotels and office buildings are located nearby

Heading east from the Fox River Mall on Hwy 96 (Wisconsin Ave) to the other side of Hwy 41, you'll find more stores including Home Depot, Sam's Club, Woodman's grocery store, and the largest Fleet Farm in Wisconsin. There's an old saying "if you can't find it at Fleet Farm, you probably don't need it."

Alternately, head east from the mall on College Ave to find Wheel & Sprocket and more hotels and restaurants. Continue on College Ave to downtown Appleton which has an eclectic mix of shopping, coffeehouses, restaurants & bars.

Many of the westside "big box" stores also have store locations along Appleton's eastside Hwy 441 corridor, known locally at Darboy. Eastside stores include Wal-Mart, Kohl's, Home Depot, Lowe's, Menard's, Office Max, Best Buy, Target, Festival Foods, Pick 'n Save, Tractor Supply Co, Goodwill, plus the usual mix of Starbucks, Walgreen's, restaurants, movie theatres and hotels.

On the north side, Northland Mall is anchored by Kohl's, ShopKo and Festival Foods.

Eat

Downtown Appleton has numerous restaurants, many within a short walking distance from the PAC Vince Lombardi's Steakhouse at the Radisson Paper Valley Hotel has great steaks at a reasonable price, and if you're lucky you might get an autograph from NFL visiting teams staying at Paper Valley the night before Packer home games.

Waterfront dining is available near downtown along the Fox River waterfront at Fratello's Riverfront and Pullman's and at Waverly Beach along the north shore of Lake Winnebago.

Many of the big restaurant chains have locations near the Fox River Mall -- T.G.I. Friday’s, Chili’s, Qdoba, Olive Garden, Red Lobster, Machine Shed, Bennigan's, Fuddruckers, Outback Steakhouse and so on. Inside the mall, Fratello's Fox River Mall is accessible from the food court, and has a microbrewery onsite. Outdoor seating is available.

Other places are Wooden Nickel Spat's Dick & Joans and Old Bavarian.

Drink
The Stone Cellar Brewpub brews several standard beers, plus seasonal beers. They also have a wide variety menu selections and a great atmosphere in the cellar of Appleton's first brewery (built in 1858), or if the weather cooperates you can sit outside in the beer garden.

On St. Patrick's Day, or any day if you're Irish, be sure to visit McGuiness Irish Pub or The Durty Leprechaun.

If you're staying downtown at the Radisson Paper Valley Hotel and you don't feel like venturing far, The Clubhouse just off the lobby has plenty of beer, sandwiches, pizza and 20 big screen TVs.

For visitors staying at AmericInn or Cambria Suites on the northeast side of town (near Thrivent Financial and USA Youth Soccer), Beefeaters has a great British pub atmosphere and good food.

Sleep

Like most cities, Appleton features a wide range of hotels from very affordable budget options to 3 star hotels that charge a small fortune.

*Holiday Inn Hotel Appleton (920) 735-9955. 150 S. Nicolet Rd. • Appleton, Wisconsin 54914 

*Cambria Suites Appleton Hotel (920) 733-0101. 3940 N. Gateway Dr. 

*Comfort Suites Appleton Hotel (920) 730-3800. 3809 W Wisconsin Ave. All suite hotel with indoor pool, whirlpool, sauna, fitness center and game room. Free hot breakfast buffet and a lounge onsite.

*Days Inn Appleton Hotel (920) 733-5551. 210 Westhill Blvd. Newly Renovated hotel with fitness center, meeting room, business center, Free wireless high speed internet, Free complimentary Continental Breakfast,laundry facilities on site. 

*Microtel Inn Budget hotel.

*Extended stay hotel with full kitchens, free High-Speed Internet, free shuttle service to/from the airport, a great fitness center, a business center and free guest laundry.

Splurge
*Copperleaf Hotel (920) 749-0303. 300 W. College Ave. Appleton's most expensive hotel, built in 2003. Located in the heart of downtown Appleton, a short walk from many restaurants, bars, and one block from the Performing Arts Center.

 Stay Safe 
Burglaries and thefts of unlocked cars and properties occur occasionally throughout the city, so be sure to hide your valuables.

Get out

Appleton is conveniently located alongside major interstate and intrastate highways, and also has a Greyhound office for people seeking long-distance travel.

Out of state visitors can use the public airport Outagamie Regional Airport.