Aracaju is the capital of the state of , . It's the capital of northeast with best quality of life (according to Federal Government). It's located on the coast, and cut by rivers such as Sergipe and Poxim. According to the population count conducted by the IBGE in 2010, the city has 517.149 inhabitants, estimate in 2018, 648.939 inhabitants. In addition to the populations of cities that form the Great Aracaju, , , and , number passes for 760,000 inhabitants. 
The toponymy "Aracaju" derives from the expression indigenous "ará acaiú", which in Tupi-guarani means "cashew of parrots". The element "ará" means "Parrots" and "acaiú", "fruit of the cashew."

Get in
Bus and airplane connects with the whole country by , and other cities.

By plane
Airport: Aracaju–Santa Maria Airport (IATA: AJU, ICAO: SBAR) is the airport serving Aracaju, Brazil and it is operated by Infraero. It is well located inside the city, 3 km west of the Orla de Atalaia and 11 km south of the old city center. Serves only domestic flights, most from São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Brasília and Recife, being a small and efficient airport.
Airlines: LATAM, GOL, AZUL

To travel between the airport and the city: 

*Uber is easily available nowadays, and is the easiest and the safest way to get to your hotel. Costs R$ 10 to the Orla de Atalaia, R$ 18 to the Jardins neighborhood and R$ 20 to the city center.
*From the airport, travelers can take a taxi. It is recommended that taxis are taken from the second row and are labeled "taxi comum" since these taxis are cheaper than the airport taxis. 
*The bus 008 will take travelers from the airport all the way to Avenida Santos Durmont, the Orla de Atalaia, and the Passarela de Carangejo, which is where most hotels are situated. 

By bus
If arriving from Salvador, travelers can take a 5-6 hour bus ride North through the company Rota and Águia Branca. This route is considered safe, but travel during daylight is encouraged. If arriving from Recife, travelers can take a 7 hour bus ride South with the company Progresso or Real Alagoas. It is highly recommended that you do not travel this route at night. Armed robberies are a common occurance.

The main bus station (known popularly as Rodoviária Nova - New Bus Station) is not in a central part of the city, and is advised for you to be wary of surroundings all the times.

Get around

By bicycle

By bus
The app Moovit finds bus connections easily. The bus connections in Google Maps are outdated (March 2021). The fare is R$4 (March 2021) and can be payed in the bus resp. at an rodoviaria. Changing a bus at one of the rodoviarias and terminals is for free. Buses are entered through the front door. Public transport in the city isn't safe (source needed), some bus lines (clarification needed) can be dangerous to take at night. The buses are hot during the day, they don't have air conditioner system.

By taxi

Use Uber.

Other Taxis start at the price of 2.35 during the day, but rise to 4.15 in the evening, throughout the night, and on weekends. If you do not feel comfortable traveling by bus, taxis are are a good way to travel, as the price is lower as other cities in the Northeast.

By foot

If your hotel is on the Orla and you are planning to spend most of your days at the beach, you can easily walk from one place to another. If you wish to see the downtown area or the "Mercado" you will need to take either a bus or a taxi.

See
In this City you can have the guarantee that you will see many natural beauties. As an example, you can go to the most famous beaches in town. .
* Atalaia Beach - crowd beach on the weekend.
* Robalo Beach
* Artists Beach
* Aruana Beach
* Sarney Beach - a beach with a few restaurants, but not crowd.
* Haven Beach (Praia do Refúgio)
* Mosqueiro Beach
* Viral Beach - a mode beach on the last 2 years, for people who like to practice water sports. Like jet sky.
* Crôa do Goré

a place to see lakes and animals on exhibition for free

a place to go with kids or friends to have a pick nick or barbecue.

a place to see lakes and animals on exhibition for free

aquarium with sea animals and rescued animal to recovering.

a bridge the used to receive the emperor, nice place to see the Sergipe river.

Do

Buy
* A a wonderful place to buy all type of merchandise such as crafts, fruit, clothing and electronics.

There are no Bradesco banks where Google Maps shows them in Atalaia. The nearest one is in Av.Min.Geraldo B.Sobral,1700 near Shopping Jardins.

Contact lenses you can buy for a good price in the shop Oftclin in the shopping center Jardins. One package with six standard monthly Air Optix Aqua contact lenses for R$ 150 (equals 26 USD, 22€ in March 2021). Avoid the numerous opticians in the city center. They charge almost double the price.

Eat
Crabs are the typical dish, often eaten with a good and cold beer.
You also have good fish, fried or cooked as "muqueca"

Drink

Sleep
Most tourists will choose the beach at Atalaia, some 5 km from the center.
There are many good hotels and bed-and-brakefast to stay in.

Contact

SECRETARIA DE TURISMO DE SERGIPE Trav. Baltazar Góis, nº 86, Edf. Estado de Sergipe 3º andar CEP: 49009-900 - Aracaju-SE Tel: (79) 3179-1937 - Fax: (79) 3179-1932 

Traffic Acident 194
 
Airport +55 79 3212-8500

Turist Information Bureau +55 79 3179-1947
 
Fireman 193

Police Station of Turism 3225-2155

Police 0800 790147 or 190

Consumer Complain (PROCON) 1512
 
Ambulance (SAMU) 192

Get out
* To the south, at the border with the state of , is , an easy day trip.
* Xingó Canyon - is a concrete face rock-fill dam on the São Francisco River on the border.