Atlanta is the vanguard of the New South, with the charm and elegance of the Old. It is a city that balances southern traditions with sleek modernism. , Atlanta had 472,522 residents residing within the city limits and nearly 5.3 million in the entire area. In Atlanta, the peach trees are plentiful and the tea is sweet, yet this city boasts three skylines and the world’s busiest airport. Atlanta has been burnt to the ground and built back up; it has seen the horrors of war and felt the pain of droughts and floods. Atlanta knows rebirth and endurance though, perhaps better than any other city. Atlanta was host to the 1996 Olympic Games, is the capital of , and has become the enduring leader of the American . 

Districts

The separated skyscrapers of Downtown, Midtown, and Buckhead make Atlanta’s three skylines, and the size of any one of these districts could rival the center of any other city in the South. Atlanta is not all high rises though; each of the city’s urban neighborhoods offer unique atmospheres.

Understand
Located on the Piedmont Plateau in the Northern Georgia, Atlanta is located almost entirely in Fulton County, while a part of the city limits extends into . The area size of the city limits is only 132 sq mi (343 km²), but which includes 28 counties has an area of 8,376 sq mi (21,693.7 km²). The Chattahoochee River, which forms the Northwestern boundary of the city limits of Atlanta, is a major source of water throughout the metro area. Aside from the river, the topography of Atlanta is assorted with rolling hills, forests, lakes and ponds, and granite Stone Mountain to the east.

Climate

}}
Atlanta experiences a humid subtropical climate, and is situated on the Piedmont Plateau, at an approximate elevation of 800 ft - 1900 ft (240 m - 580 m) above sea level. The city is thus somewhat cooler than other places in the US South, a fact that certainly helped the growth of the city before the introduction of air conditioning.

Atlanta experiences a very wide range of temperatures. Temperatures in winter are overall mild to warm, but cold-fronts can bring light accumulations of snow and lows occasionally plummet below freezing at night. However, winter days are usually in the 50's and nights in the low to mid 30's. Ice-storms are very rare, but not unheard of. Summers are hot and humid, with temperatures frequently reaching above 90°F (32°C), thus the city earning the nickname "Hotlanta". Rainfall is high in late winter and early spring, and afternoon thunderstorms are common in summer. Spring and autumn are the best times to visit. The region is often affected during hurricane season (June 1 to November 30) from remnants that spill out from the Gulf, bringing heavy rains and sometimes high winds.

History
Atlanta began taking substantive shape in 1837 when the Western & Atlantic Railroad selected the site as the Southern end of its tracks. The town was called Terminus until 1843 when it was renamed Marthasville after the daughter of Gov. Wilson Lumpkin. In 1847, the city was renamed Atlanta, supposedly a feminine form of "Atlantic" probably created by an engineer with the Western & Atlantic. The city was incorporated in 1847.

By the outbreak of the Civil War in 1861, Atlanta was a major railroad hub, manufacturing center, and supply depot. But, in 1864, in order to cripple transportation between the South and the North, Union General William T. Sherman's army burned all of the railroad facilities, almost every business and more than two-thirds of the city's homes to the ground during his infamous "March to the Sea." Atlanta lay in ruins, the only major American city ever destroyed by war. 

Atlanta's first resurgence began soon after. Within four years of Sherman's attack, the Georgia capital was moved from Milledgeville to Atlanta and a drive to attract new business was underway. In the meantime, college and universities began to open, telephones were introduced, and trolleys began to roll. In 1895, the Cotton States and International Exposition in Piedmont Park showed 800,000 visitors and residents that Atlanta was headed in a new direction and braced for the 20th century.

By the late 1920s, a downtown business sector had taken shape, giving Atlanta much of the distinct pattern it maintains today. At the same time, Atlanta Alderman (and later Mayor) William B. Hartsfield campaigned long and hard to convince the city to turn a vacant racetrack into an airport. Today, Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport is the world's busiest airport, with more than 80 million annual passengers.

While the city continued its economic surge, it also became known as the "City Too Busy to Hate." Atlanta and Georgia preempted much of the strife associated with the 1950s and '60s by taking the lead in the Southeast in strengthening minority rights. The city's strongest identification with the movement was through its native son, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.

Much has been accomplished in the last 25 years to elevate Atlanta to a higher stage in the nation. An efficient public transportation system, MARTA, was put in place, Underground Atlanta was added, the Georgia Dome was built in 1992, and Philips Arena was built in 1999. 

From July 20 through August 4, 1996, all eyes were on Atlanta as it hosted the Centennial Olympic Games. The city successfully hosted the biggest Olympic Games ever, showcasing itself to 2 million people in person and 3.5 billion people through global broadcast.

Most recently, Atlanta has become a major conference and convention destination, due mostly to the enormous airport and being the financial hub of the South. Most of the conference venues are located around the Peachtree Center MARTA station in downtown, and when there is a large show in town.

Movies and Television
Atlanta’s southern culture, deep history, and bustling city have been the backdrop for numerous classic films. 
*Gone with the Wind (Victor Fleming, 1939). Steeped in Confederate politics, a struggle for survival, and unavoidable love intrigues, this film has the rare distinction of being as good as if not better than the classic southern book it is based on.
*Driving Miss Daisy (Bruce Beresford, 1989). This film tactfully explores the racial issues of the civil rights-era through the nuances of a relationship between a wealthy white woman and her black chauffer.
*ATL (Chris Robinson, 2006). A coming of age drama set in the hip-hop culture of the modern city.

Atlanta is also the background for the popular television shows "The Walking Dead", "Real Housewives of Atlanta", "Single Ladies", "Drop Dead Diva" and "Love and Hip Hop: Atlanta".

Visitor Informaton
* 

Get in

By plane

Atlanta's primary airport is Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport ( ) ("Hartsfield–Jackson," "ATL," or just "the airport" to locals), located about 8 miles south of downtown. Hartsfield-Jackson has been the world's busiest airport since 1998, and is a major hub for Delta Air Lines and Southwest Airlines. However, its efficient layout means it is also easy to navigate and not as delay-prone as many other hub airports.

On the domestic side, Hartsfield–Jackson is one large building separated into South Terminal (Delta and its partners) and North Terminal (all other airlines), connected by a central Atrium with a smattering of restaurants. The security line is through the Atrium, and because it is centralized, is usually fast; you can check current wait times at 

The gates are in 7 concourses; in order they are T, A, B, C, D, E, and F. To go between concourses, you take an escalator down to a long underground hallway, and take the fast Plane Train, or walk (it's about 1000 feet between each concourse). It's never necessary to leave and then re-enter security, and tight connections are very feasible, assuming you arrive on time.

Concourses E and F are the international concourses, and are where you will go through customs and immigration when arriving from a foregin country without customs pre clearance. You can be picked up by car directly from the international terminal, or take taxis or some shuttles. For all other ground transportation (rental cars, public transit, and more shuttles), take the free shuttle connector to the domestic terminal or car rental center. When departing on an international flight, you should likewise get dropped off or return to the international terminal to check in.

Hartsfield–Jackson is the terminus of the southern branch of MARTA, the city rail system (see below). For travel to downtown, midtown, or northern Atlanta, this is a convenient and economical way of getting there, although usually one of the slowest. Most MARTA stations have taxi stands, and some hotels have free shuttles which will collect from the nearest MARTA station on telephone request.

Other ground transportation options include taxis, shuttle vans to certain hotels and conference centers, and a car rental center. Taxis are fixed-rate when going to/from the airport and major business areas (Downtown $30, Midtown $32, Buckhead $40; excluding fees); be sure to insist on this fare. The airport is easily accessible from the highways (I-85 for domestic terminals, I-75 for international terminal), and driving or being picked up is one of the fastest ways to or from the airport—just beware the surly police officers who will not let cars linger in the drop-off/pick-up zones.

Although the airport has all the conveniences you'd expect (several for-pay WiFi providers and free access to a few Atlanta web sites, an assortment of slow overpriced restaurants, etc.) there is not much else to see or do. If you find yourself with free time, go contemplate the Zimbabwean stone statues in the underground corridor between Concourses T and A, or check out the scenery in brand-new Concourse F. There are good restaurants scattered throughout the airport; but, if you have ample free time (and we do mean ample), go to Concourses E and F (the international ones) for a better selection of restaurants and nicer atmosphere. The USO has a lounge outside security upstairs from the domestic Atrium (M-F 7AM-9PM, Sa 7AM-6PM, Su 7AM-8PM).

Airlines with regularly scheduled service to Atlanta:
* Air Canada
* Air France
* Alaska Airlines
* American Airlines
* British Airways
* Delta
* Frontier Airlines
* Jet Blue
* KLM
* Korean Air
* Lufthansa
* Qatar Airways
* Southwest
* Spirit Airlines
* Turkish Airlines
* United
* Virgin Atlantic

Private Aviation
Atlanta is the largest business center in the American South and one of the largest media centers outside of and . Due to the high congestion at KATL, there are several airports that focus on business and leisure aviation.

Dekalb-Peachtree Airport () () is located within "the Perimeter" in . Although shuttle flights are available to , , and , PDK primarily serves as Atlanta's main business jet hub with 3 runways and 3 private terminals. 

There are 5 additional airports offering private terminals located just outside of the perimeter: Fulton County Airport () (); Cherokee County Airport (); Falcon Field-Atlanta Regional Airport (); McCollum Field-Cobb County International Airport (); and Gwinnett County Airport () (). Air charter companies including Priority Jet Velox Air Charter and Georgia Jet Charter offer access to a variety of aircraft rentals based at Atlanta-area airport, with planes ranging from economical single and twin-engine propeller planes, to wide-cabin business jets and luxury Gulfstreams.

By train
Atlanta is served by Amtrak 1-800-872-7245. Amtrak's Crescent train runs daily and serves , , , , , , and . Southbound, the train leaves New York just before 3PM, calls at Atlanta at around 9AM the next day and reaches New Orleans by 8PM. Northbound, the train leaves New Orleans at around 7AM, calls at Atlanta at around 8PM and reaches New York by 2PM the next day.

The Atlanta Amtrak station is located at 1688 Peachtree St. N.W., which is several miles north of downtown and the airport. To connect from MARTA, take bus #110 or walk about 20 minutes from the Arts Center Station. Arriving Amtrak passengers can pay $2.50 in exact cash to get on the bus. The stop on the same side of the street goes south to the Arts Center, or cross the street to connect with a northbound bus to the Buckhead Station. There is no on-site parking at the Amtrak station, but Elite Parking has a surface lot nearby and offers longterm parking at reasonable rates.

By bus
Greyhound Bus Lines 1-800-229-9424, provides bus service to Atlanta from many locations throughout the United States. Buses arrive at and depart from the Greyhound terminal at 232 Forsyth Street, located in a less affluent neighborhood on the southern edge of the downtown area and directly beneath MARTA's Garnett Station (see 'Get around' below).

Express bus service to/from , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and . Double Deck Coaches with WiFi, Restrooms, Power Outlets and seats starting at $1.

Bus Bank 866 428-7226, charters buses and can help plan an itinerary for you or your group when visiting Atlanta. Bus Bank can take you to a number of Atlanta attractions including Olympic Centennial Park, Martin Luther King Jr. National Historical Site, Civil War Museum, Georgia Aquarium, and more locations including university visits.

Operates extensively in the Southeast. Cities include but are not limited to , , , , , , , , , , and . Bus types include Setra Bus, Van Hool Bus, MCI Bus and Mini Bus.

Operates in every major city in the United States. A few major cities include , , and . Every bus is upgraded with premium amenities such as free wifi, restrooms and power outlets.

 A charter bus rental provider that has an extensive transportation network in all 50 states. Shofur can cater to small and large groups and can organize trips to corporate conventions, wedding parties, college sports events, school trips and church outings.

By car
Atlanta is linked to the rest of the US by the Interstate Highway System. The principal interstates serving the city are I-75 (serving traffic from to ), I-85 (connecting the 
 to ) and I-20 (connecting to ), all of which cross through Downtown.

I-285 (commonly called the Perimeter by Atlantans, and the Atlanta Bypass on overhead signs) circles the city at a distance of about 10 miles out, crossing and connecting with all the above freeways as well as the airport.

Free real-time traffic information is available by dialing 511 anywhere in the state of Georgia.

There is a Park&Ride carpark in North Springs MARTA station (and other locations) which means one can park one's car (for free if 

* Meet the people of Atlanta while serving alongside them at a Hands On Atlanta volunteer project. 

Buy

Atlanta has one of the top 10 retail markets in the US, and the city's neighborhoods are a great place to find antiques, art galleries, arts and crafts stores, thrift stores and boutiques. The city's eclectic shopping neighborhoods include downtown Atlanta, Little Five Points, Virginia-Highland, Buckhead and Midtown.

Looking for antiques and art? The Miami Circle, Street, and The Galleries of Peachtree Hills offer some of the best merchandise in Atlanta.

Buckhead is home to more than 1,400 retail stores. Lenox Square and Phipps Plaza offer the most concentrated collection of upscale stores available anywhere in the city including Barneys CO-OP, Neiman Marcus, Tiffany & Co., Jil Sander, Gucci, Cartier, Burberry, Jimmy Choo and Louis Vuitton. The Midtown Mile is a stretch of Peachtree Street in Midtown that offers street level retail shopping. It's on schedule to be complete in 2009, but many shops are currently open. Atlantic Station also offers plenty of retail options.

If your interest lies in smaller, specialty, boutique or vintage stores, try Little Five Points, Virginia-Highland, and East Atlanta Village. Wax 'N Facts is a popular store in Little Five Points that actually still sells vinyl records. Bill Hallman Boutiques are also a neighborhood staple, providing fashion forward clothing for Atlanta's social set.

Underground Atlanta was once six city blocks in the heart of downtown Atlanta transformed into a spirited marketplace that offered historic guided tours and features restaurants, specialty stores, entertainment emporiums, and street-cart merchants. Today, however, it is a very sketchy place with most locals avoiding it vehemently. Many of the shops have closed or left and nothing good has come to fill their places. There is currently a renovation project going on that may help things in the future but in general there are far, far better places to shop or explore in Atlanta.

Street vendors are common in Downtown, especially in the Five Points neighborhood. You can also find large assortment of trade retailers at AmericasMart.

Foreign Exchange. Note that there are only 2 FX locations in all Atlanta. One is at the airport and the other is in Lenox Mall (bottom floor, after food court). Lenox Mall is at Lenox MARTA station, gold(yellow) line (northeast end). The exchange rate given in Lenox Mall was pretty bad, being only 83% of the mid rate 2014-09-10. I cannot comment on the Airport FX rates.

Eat

Affordability, variety of restaurants, culinary diversity and award-winning chefs are key ingredients that earn Atlanta a place at the table with other popular culinary cities. An assortment of neighborhoods offers an array of restaurants featuring cuisine that spans the globe, serving something for every taste.

During the past few years, several celebrity chefs have traveled south to call Atlanta home. Drawn to the quickly growing culinary scene, these chefs have been welcomed with open arms and some true southern hospitality.

Fast Food Chains

Atlanta is home to the headquarters of restaurant chains such as Waffle House Chick-Fil-A Zaxby's Krystal Mrs. Winner's Moe's Southwest Grill Shane's Rib Shack and Arby's 

Supermarkets
The dominant local grocery chains in Atlanta are Kroger, Publix, and Aldi. The city is also dotted with dozens of ethnic groceries, especially Hispanic, Korean, Indian and Vietnamese. For organic and or specialty grocery stores both Whole Foods Market, Trader Joe's, and Fresh Market also have locations throughout the city.

Drink
Coca-Cola
In much of the , and particularly in Atlanta, all soft drinks are referred to as "Coke." Due to the ubiquitous advertisements and broad popularity of the product, Coca-Cola has transformed the modern southern colloquial for anything carbonated into simple "Coke." If you sit down and order a "Coke," expect to be asked "what kind?" This cultural practice is maintained even to the extreme of ordering a Pepsi by saying "I'll have a Coke...a Pepsi please." The epicenter of this peculiar practice is Atlanta of course, because the world headquarters for Coca-Cola are .

Sweet tea
A true staple of southern culture, sweet tea can be found at almost any restaurant in Atlanta. In most places an order for "tea" will be assumed to mean "sweet tea"; hot or unsweetened tea need to be asked for specifically. A popular variant to a glass of sweet tea is an arnold-palmer, a half and half mix of iced tea (either sweetened or unsweetened) and lemonade, named after the famous golfer who popularized it. "Arnold-palmer" is a bit of a tongue twister, so ordering a "half iced tea and lemonade" is common.

Nightlife 

With fun and unique attractions, renowned restaurants and top-of-the-line hotel experiences, Atlanta keeps the party going from day to night. With chic style in , alternative scene in , a casual atmosphere in and a trendy vibe in , Atlanta nightlife suits every style of letting loose. Since each district has so many options, you will want to visit each discrict article for a more detailed listing.

Buckhead is a popular nightlife district for locals and out-of-towners alike. Andrews cafe are among the most popular dance clubs in Buckhead among 20's and 30's singles, while an older crowd can be seen at the Beluga Martini Bar. The Buckhead clientele is mostly of an upscale crowd, so be sure to dress to impress.

For the more alternative/hipster crowd, East Atlanta Village (EAV) is the place to go for live music and inexpensive drinks. However, EAV can be difficult to get to for visitors without access to a car. The Sweet Auburn district, just East of Downtown and easily accessible via the Atlanta Streetcar, has become a very popular nightlife area in recent years. Edgewood Avenue hosts a diverse and eclectic set of bars and clubs. Sister Louisa's Church of the Living Room and Ping-Pong Emporium is a must-see for visitors to the district. The street's bars and clubs are frequented by a diverse clientele from all walks of life.

Midtown is the spot if you're looking for the urban vibe with diverse a crowd of 20's and 30's, many of them are college students, locals, transplants from out of state and foreign countries. 

 has a few options for nightlife as well. The district has a few neighborhood bars, and the Luckie-Marietta district is usually lively with a variety of restaurants and bars clustered around Centennial Olympic Park. Stats is an ideal sports bar to watch a game located near . 

Other popular clubs throughout the city include The Masquerade and MJQ Concourse. All areas of the city also have plenty of pubs and taverns, such as Fado Irish Pub Fado in Buckhead, Shakespeare Tavern in Midtown, and Highland Tap in Virginia-Highland.

Only some nightlife parts of the city are gay and lesbian-friendly so use caution. Midtown has the largest concentration of gay/lesbian nightlife establishments.

If you like country line-dancing, you can head out of the city and into the suburbs and check out Wild Bills in .

Sleep
See the articles for more listings.

Most of Atlanta's major hotels are located downtown between Five Points and Midtown in area with a name that is easy to remember: the . The district is in the heart of Atlanta's economic and political center and is within walking distance to many of the major tourist attractions, including the Centennial Olympic Park, the World of Coca-Cola, the Georgia Aquarium, and the CNN Center. 

Rapidly growing Midtown, the center of Atlanta's business district as well as many high-rise luxury condos is nearby many museums and theaters. If you're looking for boutique hotels that are near a thriving urban setting, Midtown may be the area for you. 

Once the heart of Atlanta's nightlife, Buckhead is still home to several upscale hotels, which are close to the area's shopping and dining districts.

If you're staying in Atlanta without a car, you'll have the best time if you stay around Midtown or Downtown, which offer central, easy access to MARTA. Both areas have many excellent bars, restaurants, and cultural attractions accessible by foot. The big-name hotels in these parts of town are close to train stations and bus routes, making access to most interesting parts of town quick and hassle-free. Buckhead and Decatur Buckhead are other options with good access to transit, but not as many tourist attractions in the area (and in the case of Decatur, not many hotels to choose from).

If you plan on renting an apartment, good places to look include Midtown a few blocks from Peachtree Street between the Arts Center and North Avenue MARTA stations, and around North Highland Avenue south of Virginia Avenue (including Little Five Points).
*Full-service hotel located near Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.

Stay safe
Despite Atlanta's reputation, the city is not as dangerous as many perceive it to be. The crime rate has dropped during the late 1990s and 2000s and reached a near forty-year low in 2005. While violent crime levels are still high compared to most American cities, most of the violence is related to the drug trade, and takes place in parts of the city visitors seldom see. 

Usual precautions should be taken, as in any other major city, such as not traveling alone at night and being aware of which neighborhoods are more prone to crime. In Atlanta, the southwest and southeast areas have reported the most incidents of crime; the triangle created by I-285, I-75, and I-20 in particular is a dangerous neighborhood, as well as west of Northside Drive around Georgia World Congress Center and Georgia Dome. Car theft is exceptionally high by national standards. Also beware of frequent car break-ins in downtown. Do not leave anything valuable in plain sight in the car (even your old GPS that might be worth just $20). Outside of the perimeter, crime rates are significantly lower (except Dekalb County).

Contact
Atlanta area codes are 404, 770, 678, and 470. All 10 digits of the phone number are required when making local calls.

Cope

Publications

* Atlanta Journal-Constitution The city’s main newspaper that is read throughout the city, state and various places such as university libraries across the nation.
* Creative Loafing An alternative, free weekly newspaper which focuses on lesser-known news as well as movies and local events ranging from current theatrical productions to concerts and exhibits.
* Mundo Hispanico Spanish-language version of the Journal-Constitution.
* Atlanta Business Chronicle Atlanta business news.
* Atlanta Cho Son Atlanta's Korean language newspaper.

Consulates

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

Get out
Inside the Perimeter
In Atlanta vernacular, "ITP" refers to everything inside I-285 which makes a loop around the city's far edges. A few cities, which are distinct from Atlanta proper, also reside ITP.
* is easily mistaken for an in-town neighborhood of Atlanta , but is in fact the largest of Atlanta's neighbors and sits a quick 15 minutes east on Dekalb Ave. Decatur has retained its small city feel and relaxed pace, despite its proximity to the giant metropolis. 
* is home to many well known hip-hop and R&B groups as well as a burgeoning fine arts community, and is located south-west of Atlanta's neighborhoods. 
* is a small town south of East Point and adjacent to and the airport in South Atlanta.

Outside the Perimeter

Many towns in the greater Atlanta area reside "OTP" but remain closely associated with the city.
* is half an hour north-west on I-75 and home to Marietta Gone with the Wind Museum and Six Flags White Water.
* is just beyond Marietta on I-75 and is home to a Civil War battlefield, Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park in addition to Kennesaw State University and the Museum of History and Holocaust Education.
* is one of Georgia's most unique attractions, and is just half an hour to the east. Visitors can hike up the mountain or take a cable car to the top.

Greater Georgia

* is half an hour to the west and is home to Six Flags Over Georgia. Goliath, the tallest roller coaster in the Southeast, can be found here. 

* &mdash; A mountain town created to resemble an Alpine village. Popular in the fall for viewing autumn leaves, and the largest and longest Oktoberfest in the Southeast. Also neaby is Unicoi State Park and Anna Ruby Falls, as well as Sautee-Nacoochee Valley.

* &mdash; Once the location of Georgia's own gold rush. Visit the Dahlonega Gold Museum and try your luck finding some of your own gold. Also located in Dahlonega is Wolf Mountain Vineyards which offers a perfect get-away to taste award winning wines and enjoy a beautiful scenery. The vineyards and winery provide the perfect setting for Sunday brunch, café lunch, and gourmet dinners.

* &mdash; A 4 hour drive, but well worth it. The downtown is a historical district with many parks, squares, and historic architecture. 

* &mdash; Home to the Atlanta Motor Speedway, an 870-acre racing complex hosting NASCAR Sprint Cup, Nationwide and Craftsman Truck Series events in March and October. In addition to the race weekend, the facility hosts events ranging from driving schools, Thursday Thunder Legends racing, Friday Night Drags, Car Shows and many others.

*Chatahoochee River Fun &mdash; Sixteen recreation areas along a 48-mile stretch of the Chattahoochee River have been designed to conserve the river and provide outdoor entertainment for the whole family. In addition, the Chattahoochee Nature Center in Roswell offers education environmental programs, canoe trips and other recreational activities.

*Outdoor Adventure Club of the South &mdash; Atlanta's premiere outdoor adventure and social club. OAC South offers dozens of outdoor and social events around the metro Atlanta area every month. Hiking, biking, backpacking, climbing, water sports, and more.

*Lake Lanier Islands &mdash; The closet beach to Atlanta can be found at Lake Lanier Islands Resort with its lakefront beaches, water park, golf courses, boating, spas, and more.

*Château Élan Winery and Resort a 16th-century-styled French retreat, is just 30 minutes north of Atlanta in the town of Braselton, and has a festive atmosphere that encourages guests to tour the vineyards, visit the winery, have lunch at a sidewalk café and play a round of golf.
*Barnsley Garden Resort &mdash; Barnsley Garden Resort is a beautiful hotel and resort in Adairsville, Georgia with lush gardens, cabins and a Zagat-rated golf course.
*Callaway Gardens &mdash; Located in Pine Mountain, Georgia Callaway Gardens is a premier vacation spot with tons of activities for the entire family.