Baghdad (Arabic: بـغداد Baġdād) is the capital of and has about 6.000.000 inhabitants.

Understand

Baghdad has a long and illustrious history. Once it was a prestigious learning and cultural center. In the years following the coalition invasion in 2003, Baghdad became one of the most dangerous cities on Earth. However, the situation has improved remarkably and life goes on in Baghdad as normal. Tourists are still scarce, but those who do visit will find a welcoming city who are fascinated to interact with foreigners.

Get in
Baghdad is still facing some instabilities but the security circumstances are much better now. There are growing amounts of business attractions although touristic activities are still rather scarce. Perhaps the most intersting thing to go is to wander around the main thoroughfares around the city and observe the fast-paced hustle and bustle of Baghdad. 
By plane
There are flights from to Baghdad International Airport every day at 03.15. From there are four flights every week, you may also fly from . Cities in the such as , , , , , , and all have good flight connections with Baghdad. 
Gryphon Air has flights from ; however, there are strict regulations on who may use the service since they arrive and depart from the military sector of the airport. Of course, for military personnel and others traveling on official business sanctioned by the United States, the US Air Force offers flights from neighboring countries. All flights are subject to suspension for reasons ranging from insurgent attacks on the airport to sandstorms.

By train
A nightly train service is available from Basra departing at 7PM, arrival time is 6:40AM the next morning. Delays are however very common. Prices range between 10,000 IQD for a couchette to 25,000 IQD for first class. There is also an irregular service from .

By car
Overland travel is possible from all neighboring countries but strongly discouraged due to violence.

By bus

By boat

Get around
Taxis and common, safe, and relatively cheap. English is not spoken amongst taxi drivers so you have to find ways to communicate, however the Careem taxi app works much like Uber and helps overcome the language barrier. Busses ply certain routes, including one between Jadriya and Tahrir Square through Inner Karrada, with fares fixed at IQD 500 (approx $.035). The city is safe to walk around, however, it might be difficult as the roads are not necessarily designed to accommodate pedestrians. Gaining entry to the International Zone (IZ, formerly the Green Zone) can be expensive unless you have an employer or friends with the relevant badges; private security firms and a network of off-duty drivers will charge around $150 for a return trip, even from neighbouring central Baghdad areas. Access to the IZ can be tightly restricted if mass protests or public unrest is anticipated. If you have the relevant permissions, you can also walk to many destinations in the International Zone or use a bicycle. A commuter service connects the city with the southern suburb of Doura.

See

* Also known as the Water Palace for it's locatation besides the Tigris river. Used as a military base for US troops.
* The largest zoo in the country, opened in 1971. It was destroyed in the 2003 war but has quickly recovered. There are, however, few larger mammals to see.

* A huge pair of triumphal arches celebrating the alleged victory over Iran. Also known as the Hands of Victory. It marks the entrances to a former parade ground.

* Inspired by the glorification of a martyr from the Iran–Iraq War. The Monument represents a traditional shield (dira¹a) dropping from the dying grasp of an Iraqi warrior. The monument used to house a museum which is now mostly empty. Ask the Iraqi soldiers who guard the monument for permission.

* Another monument dedicated to the Iraqi soldiers who died in the Iran-Iraq war. The monument consists of a circular platform 190 meters in diameter in the center of an artificial lake. A museum, library, cafeteria, lecture hall, and exhibition gallery are located in two levels underneath the domes.

* Covering the history of Mesopotamian culture, this museum housed a huge collection before the Iraq War. Today, many pieces have been looted and the museum is only open on special occasions.
* A mosque built to commemorate the 'victory' in the 1991 Gulf War, the minarets are shaped like barrels of guns and SCUD missils.
*The Al Kadhimain Shrine in the northwest of Baghdad is one of the most important Shi'ite religious sites in Iraq. It was finished in 1515 and the 7th Musa ibn Jafar al-Kathim and the 9th Imams Mohammed Al-Jawad were buried there.
*One of the oldest buildings is the 12th century or 13th century Abbasid Palace. The palace is part of the central historical area of the city

*The world's largest and most expensive embassy ever built is in Baghdad, officially called the Embassy of the United States, Baghdad. In terms of size, it is almost larger than the .

Do

Learn

Work

There are several ways to work in Iraq as a foreigner. For U.S citizens the most obvious is the United States Military which still maintains personnel here. Next are the government contractors, such as the construction company KBR Many contractors hire personnel with prior military experience to return to Iraq, persons with military experience or fluent in Arabic are especially sought after. Lastly, there are civilian government agencies in Iraq. USAID and the United States Department of State send their own personnel as well as contractors to Iraq.

The agencies above are all relevant for U.S citizens; citizens of other countries with a presence in Iraq can apply for work through the respective agencies in their home country.

Buy
Souqs and Bazaars are mostly located downtown, off the iconic but now tired Rashid street between Martyrs (Shuhada) Bridge and Ahrar Bridge.
*Coppersmith Souq, where copper is still beaten in the old traditional way into pots and pitchers of all shapes and sizes. Shops spill over with copperware for household or decorative uses, to suit all tastes. Primitive, austere, elaborate, highly ornate - take your pick.
*Shorjah market place, one of the most important trade centers of the city. Chock-full of household wares, the place is aromatic with the smell of coffee, tea, spices and traditional soap, and bustles with movement and noise.
*Mutanabbi Street (Arabic: شارع المتنبي) is the historic center of Baghdad bookselling, a street filled with bookstores and outdoor book stalls. It was named after the 10th century classical Iraqi poet Al-Mutanabbi. This street is well established for bookselling and has often been referred to as the heart and soul of the Baghdad literacy and intellectual community. Was closed after a carbomb in 2007 but been open again since 2008. There is a big statue of Mutanabbi at the end of the street closest to the Tigris shore.

Rugs and DVDs are available to buy. Inspect the quality of rugs carefully: Some are cheap Chinese made rugs, and many are extremely overpriced. Also, many DVDs - especially from street vendors - are bootlegs of varying quality.

Eat
If street food is not for you, the best places to eat are in many of Baghdad’s malls. 

Budget
* One of the few American-style restaurants outside the Green Zone.

Mid-range
* A place famous for its kebab grills.

Splurge

Drink
Yes, there is drinking during down times. The International Zone is truly international. Many organizations have their own bars, some open to all.

Sleep
Some international organizations arrange their own accommodation inside the Green Zone. There are a number of hotels in Inner Karrada, along the roads immediately south of Tahrir Square and one block inland from Abu Nuwas street, of varying quality and price. 

Budget

Mid-range
* Just a three star hotel, but with quite a hefty price. Located on secure grounds at the airport and often used by people visiting on business.
* A hotel in central Baghdad.

Splurge
* Four star rated hotel, resturant on site. Offers free WiFi.

Contact

Stay safe
See also 

Movement within Baghdad is difficult due to heavy traffic and entry into the International Zone, a.k.a. Green Zone, requires a pass or that you be accompanied by authorized officials. Most ex-pats and business travelers to Iraq hire a security detail which constantly monitors the security situation within Iraq and around Baghdad, though in truth, tourists do not need to worry about security issues. 
Cope
Embassies
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

Get out

As of November 2021, proof of full COVID-19 vaccination status, and a negative PCR test is required in order to board any international flight out of Baghdad International Airport. This policy is not mentioned in any official guidance, however it is very much enforced upon entry to BIAP.