Baltimore is a popular tourist destination in , in the region of the , near It is perhaps most famously known historically as the city where Francis Scott Key wrote the lyrics for the Star Spangled Banner during the Battle of Baltimore of the War of 1812. Today it has become a major center for tourism and travel. Local highlights include excellent seafood (steamed blue crabs, raw oysters, Maryland crab cakes, and Maryland crab soup) and Camden Yards (the first "retro" major league ball park and where the Baltimore Orioles play). Baltimore possesses a vibrant arts scene with the largest free arts festival in the US (Artscape) occurring annually in July, a renowned arts museum American Visionary Arts Museum that is dedicated to outsider art, and the Maryland Institute College of Art and the Peabody Institute of Johns Hopkins. It is also home to Johns Hopkins University, Morgan State University, University of Baltimore, Loyola University, Goucher College, and the Notre Dame of Maryland University.

Baltimore lies on the juncture of the . With continuous nightlife, temperate climate, and plenty of hospitality, any time of the year is a great time to visit.

Districts
Baltimore has an absolutely staggering number of officially designated neighborhoods, some just several blocks large, and each with its own character They are administratively separated into nine larger regions. The following list is further simplified for the traveler and contains some of the neighborhoods you are most likely to visit.

Understand

History
Baltimore has a long and rich history. It is very well-known for being the site of the historic Battle of Baltimore during the War of 1812. Over the course of the battle, British invaders bombed Fort McHenry with rockets as Francis Scott Key wrote what would become the American national anthem. Baltimore was also the site of the first casualty of the American Civil War. The Charm City nickname was coined in 1975 by then Mayor William Donald Schaefer after a meeting with area leading marketing executives to give a better image for the city with the Tall Ships coming to the harbor area for the 1976 Bi-Centennial Celebration of 1776-1976 during the July 4th national holiday. The Inner Harbor pavilions opened 5-years later on July 4, 1980. The Inner Harbor remains one of the signature tourists attractions for the city. The evolution of Charm City is The "Charm'tastic Mile" of Baltimore, the famed 1.3 mile corridor was first introduced to the city of April 25, 2016. The "Charm'tastic Mile" was published as a registered trademark with www.USPTO.gov on September 15, 2020. 

It has a large African-American population that has played an important role in its history. African Americans have had a major presence in Baltimore since the Revolutionary War. During that time they were brought to Baltimore as slaves from Africa. Baltimore was also one of the hotbeds during the American Civil Rights movement and famous African-Americans such as Thurgood Marshall and Kweisi Mfume have made Baltimore their hometown. Rap and R&B artists such as Tupac, Dru Hill and Mario have also emerged from Baltimore. Currently, African-Americans form a majority (within the city limits) at 64%.

Geography
Baltimore lies in an arm of the Chesapeake Bay, the third largest estuary in the world. The eastern two-thirds of the metropolitan area lie on the Atlantic Coastal Plain, between 15 and 50 feet above sea level, and contain many peninsulas jutting out into the bay. The western third of the city slowly rises into rolling hills, and leads to the piedmont region. It is located about 40 miles from , and approximately 100 miles from . The Atlantic Ocean lies about 2 hours to the southeast.

Climate

}}
Baltimore lies within the humid subtropical climate zone, and weather is primarily affected by three factors: its proximity to a warm marine estuary, its low elevation, and the wall of mountains to the west and northwest. These factors make the area's climate milder and less extreme than other U.S. cities at this latitude. Summers are humid and hot, but not extremely so, with highs reaching the high 80s to low 90s Fahrenheit and lows in the 60s to low 70s. Winters are cool to mild and moist, with highs in the upper 40s to low 50s, and lows in the 30s and 40s. It is almost never below 10°F in the city proper. Light snow can sometimes fall in winter, although some years there is no significant accumulation and once every few years a coastal storm can dump 8 inches to a foot of snow on the city. Spring and fall bring pleasant temperatures in the 50s-70s(°F), and southern breezes.

While weather in the region can vary, Baltimore does not experience the extremes of weather change that occur further north and inland. Visitors will be able to venture outdoors without a jacket from approximately mid-March to late November. The hot humid summers invite the wearing of shorts on many days. The Baltimore area experiences pleasant fall foliage, usually beginning in mid October and ending in early December. The long warm weather season means that swimming pools are very popular for much of the year as well.

Film

Baltimore boasts a surprisingly influential, albeit small-scale, film industry. Self-dubbed the "grandfather of filth" native John Waters is the Baltimore equivalent of Woody Allen&mdash;he has directed movie after movie, set and filmed on location in Baltimore, drawing heavily for inspiration from Baltimore's most bizarre subcultures and its strangest neighborhoods. He became famous for his "gore" flicks in the 1970s, which combine the single-minded purpose of grossing-out (or perhaps scarring-for-life) the viewers along with intensely bad acting, outrageous Baltimore accents, subversive humor, general trashy perversion and violence, and one enormous Baltimore drag queen named Divine. Of this era, Pink Flamingos achieved a certain cult-classic status, although it is absolutely not for the faint of heart (or the pure of spirit).]]

Waters' films post-1970s mellowed out dramatically, albeit still maintaining his signature interest in subversive campiness, culminating in his most famous work, Hairspray, a 1962-fabulous story of a plus-size girl with plus-size hair who wanted to bring a black boy to the locally-televised dance show against the forces of racial segregation and bigotry. He has gained considerable success within the art world for his more recent work across all sorts of mediums&mdash;but he rails against that same art world in Pecker, a movie soaked in the local colors of Baltimore's Hampden neighborhood. His dogged loyalty to his city has earned him a lot of goodwill here. A recent mayor proposed creating a local John Waters holiday, and the Hampden neighborhood erected a giant pink flamingo statue up on the main street. But don't let all this lull you into a sense of complacency&mdash;unless it's Hairspray or perhaps Crybaby and maybe Serial Mom, don't show his films to your kids!

Barry Levinson, is perhaps the most well-known film maker to come out of and make films about Baltimore. His directing career began with Diner, a movie set in the Baltimore of his youth, and a movie that would begin the famous four-movie series of "Baltimore films" along with Tin Men, Avalon, and Liberty Heights.

Another big name in Baltimore film-making is undoubtedly David Simon, famous for his Baltimore-centric crime dramas Homicide: Life on the Street (which he co-produced with Barry Levinson), and, of course, The Wire, which has been called by nearly every major journalistic publication in the English language "the best show on television"&mdash;although several have contended this doesn't go far enough, calling it the best TV series of all time. The Wire is set principally in the most blighted neighborhoods of West Baltimore, dealing with startlingly realistic, cliché-less portrayals of the life of the city's (and America's) underclass and the drug crime that pervades the neighborhoods and housing projects that underclass lives in. A veteran reporter for the Baltimore Sun and a novelist in his own right, Simon also turns his camera on the city government, the police department, and the public schools, and never in too favorable of a light. (If you are a fan of the series, check out !) For an even starker portrayal of life and drugs in Baltimore's most blighted neighborhoods, check out his documentary-style miniseries, The Corner.

Don't let these crime dramas get you down, though, most city visitors are unlikely to have any encounters with the drug trade or really much anything to do with Baltimore culture for that matter. All the more reason why The Wire is practically required reading for a serious visitor&mdash;the show is filmed on location throughout the whole city, and nowhere else will you be so quickly and delightfully introduced to Baltimore in all its local character and sense of place: Baltimore club music, beautiful and dilapidated old row houses with marble stoops, the legendary horse-cart fruit vendor, coddies and pit beef, bottles of rye by the docks, the East-West rivalry, all sorts of local hip hop, a few good corrupt Polish cops, some angry young boys in the projects, and above all that sense of restlessness that keeps this city alive.

Visitor information
* 

* The Charm'tastic Mile (Love That 1.3) is open 24-hours a day for walking or sight seeing visits.

Get in
By bus
Buses are an affordable way to to get in to Baltimore, especially if you are coming from New York or Philadelphia.

* Greyhound / FlixBus serves most major cities in North America. Their station is a few blocks south of the stadium district, near .

* Megabus Arrivals and departures are located on the south side of the White Marsh Park & Ride lot, located in the northern suburbs of Baltimore near the intersection of White Marsh Boulevard and Honeygo Boulevard. MTA buses operate between White Marsh Park & Ride and downtown Baltimore. Limited parking is available in the West lot only and must have a sheet of paper with the word "megabus" on the dashboard.

* Our Bus runs service to/from New York.

* You can find other bus services between New York and Baltimore at GoToBus.

By car

Car parking is expensive in the inner city, roughly $5/hr around the harbor area. The I-395 turn-off from I-95 will take you right into the harbor area, but traffic can be slow in the center of the city at rush hour and especially on game days.

By train

Amtrak offers frequent services into Baltimore. The Penn Station is on Charles Street in &mdash;a considerable distance from the harbor area. However, a spur of the light rail system connects to the train station, 
and you can ride it to the convention center, three blocks from the harbor. Some Amtrak trains also stop at the BWI (airport) station which is a few miles south of the main Penn Station.

The MARC train system provides inexpensive service between Baltimore and (and from Washington to Frederick, Maryland and Martinsburg, West Virginia). It is however meant to be a commuter system, with less frequent service on the weekends (only on the Penn Line). Check to be sure it is available when you need it. Tickets can be purchased at the Amtrak QuickTrak machines at the BWI station. MARC trains operate through the Penn Station (designated the "Penn line" on MARC schedules) and through a station at Camden Yards (the "Camden line"), near the Inner Harbor.

By plane
The Baltimore-Washington International Airport () is located a few miles outside of the city and is accessible by car or light rail. Shuttles 
connect BWI to an Amtrak train station just off the airport grounds.

There are non-stop flights to BWI from just about every major airport in the country, though some cities may be seasonal or only offer service certain days of the week. A full list can be found here: 

BWI has a somewhat unique car rental system. Car rental facilities are located in a centralized facility located away from the airport. Airport shuttle buses must take travelers to and from the facility and it is advisable to plan an extra 10 to 15 minutes to get out of the airport. Also, if heading to Washington D.C., the signage from the airport's car rental facility is very poor and confusing, especially to Route 495. However, all roads ultimately lead to highway access in either direction (North or South).

You can take the Light Rail into the city from the Airport for about two dollars, but it is considerably slower than the MARC or Amtrak trains. It is right by the airport. Use their website for more details or follow the signs 

By Airport Shuttle

*ShuttleWizard Provides BWI Airport Transportation offering the best prices for airport shuttles, private car service, SUVs, and limos. +1 310-626-0067

Get around

By MTA

Public transportation in Baltimore is nothing spectacular. Fares to ride light rail, buses and subway are $1.70 each way, and $4.00 buys you a day pass that gets you unlimited rides on all three. You can buy the pass from any bus operator or vending machine at subway/light rail stations. 

As a general rule, the light rail system is far more useful for getting into the city than getting around it. You may wish to park outside the city (for free!) and take the light rail in. The one useful section runs from up past to the via Mt Royal Station and via Woodberry Station.

There is also a single line subway which runs from Johns Hopkins hospital, through downtown, and out to the northwest suburbs of Pikesville and Owings Mills. The subway does not pass many tourist destinations and is mostly used by commuters.

To get around Baltimore on the cheap by public transport, especially outside of the harbor area, you will sacrifice convenience, but the MTA buses are the way to go. MTA puts out very handy interactive maps of the downtown and regional bus routes, so you can plan ahead. Beware, the MTA has some of the worst service in the country. Buses are regularly late to very late to no-shows. MTA bus drivers, for the most part, are completely indifferent about keeping on schedule, and they can be downright rude when questioned about their tardiness. Keep the phone number for the local taxi services handy if you need to keep to a schedule. Buses, like all of Baltimore's public transit, are well patrolled and safe.

By Charm City Circulator

The recently-launched Charm City Circulator bus is a free bus service that originates in Downtown towards other Baltimore neighborhoods, funded by downtown Baltimore parking taxes. Very useful for visitors and tourists, covers the most touristic areas of the city around the harbor and historic sites.

The Orange Route runs east to west from Hollins Market to Harbor East. The Purple Route runs north to south between Penn Station and Federal Hill.

A third route, The Green Route, runs mostly east of downtown, serving Power Plant Live, Fells Point, and the Johns Hopkins medical complex. The Banner Route, running from the Inner Harbor to Ft. McHenry hits the roads in June 2012. The buses, smaller and quieter than the MTA trains, but more stylish and fun to ride, are ideal for people staying downtown looking for a very economical way to get out towards Fells Point, Federal Hill, Mount Vernon and other areas underserved by the MTA.

If staying outside the city and taking Light Rail or Metro Subway in, the Circulator routes were thankfully designed to coordinate with key stops like Baltimore Street, North Howard Street (along which the Light Rail runs), Charles Center and the Convention Center.

By car

Pay parking garages and lots are easy to find near all major sights in the city center, usually charging parking rates commensurate with proximity to the Inner Harbor. For exploring Baltimore beyond the central neighborhoods a car becomes essential, and on-street parking is widely available beyond and the . If you don't have a car, taxi cabs are an excellent way to get from point to point, albeit a rather expensive one. Don't expect to be able to hail a cab outside any except the most central neighborhoods.

By water taxi

One of the most popular (and unique!) modes of transportation in Baltimore is the water taxi system +1 410 563-3901. Rarely a useful mode of transport for everyday life, it is an especially nice way of touring the city's main sights for a day (and admiring the skyline from the water). From May-September, it stops throughout the Inner Harbor, Fells Point, Fort McHenry, and even Canton, at intervals of about 15-20 minutes. Prices in 2017: Day passes, adults: $14.00, kids under 10: $6.00.

In cooperation with the Charm City Circulator system, some routes across the harbor are also free from 7 AM to 7 PM, including Maritime Park, Tide Point, and Canton Waterfront Park.

 See 

As Baltimore is a predominantly African American city, there are many opportunities to experience African American history in this town. The most prominent is the Great Blacks in Wax Museum located on East North Avenue in East Baltimore close to Johns Hopkins University. This museum showcases African American History through art. Another site of interest may be the Reginald F. Lewis Museum of Black History located close to the Harbor Area. 

The Baltimore is the busy center to the city, a major tourist attraction, a must-see, often featuring live music by jazz groups and crooners and plenty of eating and shopping. While locals scorn the Inner Harbor as a pre-fabricated tourist mecca devoid of true Baltimore culture, visitors should see the harbor, and especially should visit some of its excellent museums and other attractions. Highlights range from the Historic Ships in Baltimore (including the USS Constellation), the kid-mesmerizing Maryland Science Center, to the popular and enormous National Aquarium, to the radically eccentric American Visionary Arts Museum.

The tourist district of the Inner Harbor is a great destination, where you will have a great time. But it is oddly ahistoric in one of 's most historical cities. The most prominent historical attraction is Fort McHenry across the harbor at the tip of . It gained an iconic status in American history by successfully defending the Baltimore harbor from the British naval bombardment in the War of 1812, at which time Sir Francis Scott Key was inspired by the tattered but still waving American flag on the fort to write the poem that would later become the national anthem, the Star Spangled Banner.

The other very rewarding historical destination in Baltimore is just east of the Inner Harbor in , once a separate town founded in 1730, which became wealthy throughout the 18th and 19th centuries on shipbuilding and the maritime trade (and anti-British privateering). Architecturally, little has changed for more than a century, and the cobblestone streets, old pubs, and quaint harbor area are more than enough to lure visitors.

While you won't run out of attractions to visit in the Inner Harbor, there are many attractions throughout the city that you should not miss. Look especially for Westminster Hall and Burying Ground , the Maryland Zoo in , the original Washington Monument and the Walters Art Museum in , and the Baltimore Museum of Art up by .

*Benjamin Latrobe was the architect for this incredible cathedral, built in neo-classical style. Latrobe went on to redesign the US Capitol after it was burned by the British. The first Catholic Cathedral in the United States, the building has been completely restored. Docents are available to give free tours, or you may walk around on your own. The dome, whose design was influenced by Thomas Jefferson, is worth the visit, even if you don't have time for a tour. Be sure to check out the undercroft, where the large brick foundations that support the dome are clearly visible. Architectural and religious beauty... this place has it all... right in downtown Baltimore.
Itineraries

* — a grand 3.5 hour driving tour of prominent filming locations for the highly acclaimed HBO series, The Wire.

Do

*Baltimore's Premier Food Tour! Bite of Baltimore is the locally run, locally focused, and locally integrated Food Tour of the city! Currently operating in Fells Point, you can learn the history, culture, and cuisine of the city!

Sports
Baltimore has several professional sports teams.

Professional Indy Car Racing

The Baltimore Grand Prix Is cancelled for 2014-2015.

Professional Baseball

The Baltimore Orioles are the city's Major League Baseball team, playing their home games at the lovely Camden Yards. 

Professional Football

The Baltimore Ravens the city's National Football League team, play their games at M&T Bank Stadium. The Ravens have won two Super Bowl championships, Super Bowl XXXV in the 2000 season and Super Bowl XLVII in the 2012 season.

Swimming

Baltimore is famous for being hometown of the Greatest Olympian of All Time: Michael Phelps, who used to train at North Baltimore Aquatic Club.

Horse Racing

Pimlico Race Course, located in the North Baltimore neighborhood Pimlico, is home to the Preakness Stakes, the second leg of America's Triple Crown Horse Racing Competition.

Theater
*The Hippodrome Theatre in Baltimore is a historic and iconic venue located in the heart of the city. Originally opened in 1914, the theater has undergone several renovations and upgrades to become one of the premier performance spaces in Baltimore. With a seating capacity of over 2,200, the Hippodrome is a versatile venue that has hosted a wide range of events, including theatrical productions, concerts, dance performances, and special events. The theater is also known for its stunning architectural features, including ornate moldings, gilded balconies, and a grand lobby that creates a stunning first impression for patrons. Over the years, the Hippodrome has played a significant role in Baltimore's cultural and entertainment scene and continues to be a popular destination for audiences and performers alike. Some of the theater's most notable performances include the Broadway productions of "The Lion King," "Wicked," and "Jersey Boys,” as well as concerts by legends like Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley.

*Highwire Improv is a Baltimore-based improv theater organization with a focus on community. The organization prioritizes creating an inclusive environment where performers and audiences can come together to explore the art of improvisational comedy. Highwire offers training programs and performance practices to support its members in their growth as improvisers, and hosts live improv shows to showcase the skills and creativity of its performers. The organization's motto “Community First” reflects its commitment to fostering a sense of belonging and collaboration among its members and with the broader improv community.

*The Creative Alliance is a vibrant arts center with over 200 events a year ranging from costume dance parties, to folk music performances, rap, world music, and indie film screenings. The space holds two art galleries, a theater, classroom, media lab, live/work studios for 8 artists, and a bar/restaurant.

*The Baltimore Improv Group (BIG) is a non-profit theater organization based in Baltimore, Maryland that specializes in the art of improvisational comedy. BIG was founded in 2004 with the aim of fostering a creative community where people of all backgrounds can come together to play, learn, and perform improv. To achieve this goal, BIG offers a variety of classes and workshops for people of all skill levels, from beginners just starting out to experienced improvisers looking to expand their knowledge and technique. In addition to classes and workshops, BIG also serves as a hub for live improv shows featuring both local and visiting performers. These shows range from short-form games to long-form narratives and showcase the creativity, spontaneity, and humor that are hallmarks of improvisational comedy.

*The Modell Performing Arts Center at the Lyric is a performing arts venue housed within the historic Lyric Opera House. The venue is renowned for hosting a diverse array of performances, including concerts, theater productions, comedy shows, and more. With its combination of historic charm and modern amenities, the Modell Performing Arts Center at the Lyric is a popular destination for both local and visiting audiences. Originally built in 1894, the theater has undergone numerous renovations and restorations over the years and continues to serve as a hub of cultural activity in the heart of Baltimore. The theater features a spacious auditorium, complete with ornate details, grand chandeliers, and comfortable seating for over 2,500 patrons. The stage is equipped with lighting and sound systems allowing for a wide range of performance styles, from classical music concerts to contemporary theater productions. The theater hosts a variety of educational programs, including workshops, master classes, and student performances, and serves as a platform for local and regional artists to showcase their work.

*Everyman Theatre is a non-profit professional theater company based in Baltimore, Maryland. Founded in 1990, the theater has a long-standing reputation for producing thought-provoking, innovative, and engaging productions that showcase the work of both established and emerging playwrights. The theater is housed within a beautifully restored historic building, which features a spacious auditorium, a cozy lobby, and a small bar and café. With its focus on promoting diversity and inclusivity, Everyman Theatre is a beloved cultural hub for Baltimore residents and visitors alike.

*Center Stage is a professional theater company based in Baltimore, Maryland. Founded in 1963, the theater has a long history of producing innovative and thought-provoking productions that challenge and inspire audiences. With a focus on both classic and contemporary works, Center Stage offers a dynamic and diverse season of plays and musicals each year. The theater is housed within a state-of-the-art facility, which features two performance spaces, a spacious lobby, and a number of modern amenities. With its commitment to artistic excellence and community engagement, Center Stage is a beloved cultural institution in Baltimore.

*The Senator Theatre is a historic movie theater located in Baltimore, Maryland. Founded in 1939, the theater has a long history of screening classic films and hosting special events. With its ornate décor, spacious auditorium, and state-of-the-art sound and projection systems, the Senator Theatre is a beloved cultural landmark in Baltimore. The theater has undergone a number of renovations and upgrades over the years, including a complete restoration in 1994, which helped to preserve its original Art Deco style. Today, the Senator Theatre is a popular destination for film lovers and nostalgic audiences alike.

Festivals
*Moonrise Festival A 2 day EDM festival in North Baltimore in Early August.

*A two-day weekend festival in June of each year celebrating Baltimore's LGBT community. There is a parade through the city, a festival in Druid Park, and a block party in Mt. Vernon, as well as other events.

*For those who enjoy a good headbang, an annual metal festival is held at the city's SONAR venue at the end of May.

*Artscape: This festival to showcase the arts is held every July in Mt Vernon. This festival features opportunities to experience and purchase arts and craft produced by Baltimore artisans and tailors. It also features concerts of both local and national talent. Past performers have included Common, India Irie, The Temptation and Patty Labelle

*Afram: This festival to celebrate African American culture is held every June downtown. It feature vendor selling seafood, soulfood and other American favorites. It also has concerts by African American artists and carnival rides. 

* The Maryland Film Festival is an annual five-day event that takes place in early May, presenting top-notch film and video work from all over the world. Each year the festival screens approximately 50 feature films and 75 short films of all varieties -- narrative, documentary, animation, experimental, and hybrid. Films are often introduced by celebrity hosts from within and outside of the film industry, as well as a featured film selected by John Waters.

* One of the largest and longest-running anime conventions in the United States, held over a three-day weekend in July or August (varies depending on the year). Even if you are not into anime, you'll get to see throngs of Japanese cartoon-inspired costumed attendees (cosplayers) take over the Baltimore Convention Center and Inner Harbor during the convention.

*StoneSoul Picnic: This festival is held every August in Druid Hill Park to celebrate African American heritage. It usually appeals to youth but has vendors, clothing and other items for sale that can be purchased by all ages. There is also usually a concert by a younger hip hop artists. Past performers have included J Holiday, Tiffany Evans and Mario.

* 3 day book festival with over 100 exhibitors/booksellers, author signings, cooking demos and other events and activities held in late September at the Inner Harbor in downtown Baltimore (it used to in Mt Vernon) to celebrate reading.

*Light City Baltimore - Annual festival in Baltimore's Inner Harbor featuring light art installations and free concerts held in late March/early April. Free admission.

* Maryland Fleet Week & Air Show Baltimore Maryland Fleet Week and Air Show Baltimore celebrates the rich maritime traditions of the Chesapeake Bay and the contributions of Marylanders to the defense of the nation. It's a biennial event; last one celebrated on October 4-8, 2018. Next one expected in 2020. Located around the inner harbor. Free admission.

Learn
*American Career Institute, A career training school located in Baltimore.

*Baltimore Career Training, A career training school located in Baltimore.

*North American School of Trades, Maryland job training & career training in Baltimore.

*Maryland Bartending Academy, 2-week bartending program in Baltimore.

Buy

Eat 

A wide variety of dining options can be found in Baltimore, but no visit to Maryland is complete without a sampling of the local favorite: steamed crabs! Though by and large the crabs no longer come from the Chesapeake Bay (they are shipped from North Carolina, Louisiana, and Texas due to pollution in the Bay), it remains a popular summertime activity to spend the afternoon with family and friends at a crab feast. Often crabs are accompanied by steamed shrimp, corn on the cob, and beer.

If steamed crabs are too adventurous, you should at least sample a crab cake, crab bisque, or vegetable crab soup. 

Then again, if crabs aren't adventurous enough, there is an impressive range of strange local foods that most visitors never hear about. The preeminent among which is the Baltimore pit beef sandwich. An odd tradition born of the meeting of the American barbecue world with the culinary tastes of Baltimore's Polish immigrants, the pit beef is slowly barbecued all day and night in a deep pit, then put on a kaiser roll, plus onions and horseradish to your liking (don't wuss out on the horseradish&mdash;it's an integral part of the experience). It's best served very rare. Unfortunately, pit beef can be hard to come by within the city limits. The favorite pit beefery is probably Chaps, located next to an industrial area on the extreme .

Vying for local fast food preeminence is Baltimore Lake Trout. It's not trout (rather, whitefish), and it doesn't come from a lake. But it is impressively fresh, lightly breaded, surprisingly not so greasy, and just all around finger-licking good. It is sort-of served in a sandwich, but you get such a huge quantity of fish in there (for chicken-feed), it's not possible to eat it like a sandwich. Lake Trout takes you far from East Baltimore's pit beef into the , but where to get the best fish is a matter of contention. The most accessible, and visitor friendly, is a regular contender for the crown&mdash;The Roost.

Coddies represent the final major player in local fast food lore. Nothing fancy here&mdash;it's a thick, satisfying codcake served in a sandwich of two saltine crackers, and the coddie should be topped with simple yellow mustard. They can be hard to find, but you'll get great ones at Faidley's for absurdly low prices.

The market place, near the harbor, is full of fresh seafood and food bars. But for a more local experience, head to the neighborhoods surrounding it: Little Italy, Fells Point, Federal Hill, Canton, Mount Washington, etc. all feature both local and international cuisine.

 is an especially popular lunchtime destination, with countless vendors selling all kinds of food imaginable. There are standing tables in an open area on the ground floor, as well as a large seating area on the upper level above that. If you are looking for a deep Baltimore culinary experience, head to standing room only Faidley's, where you can get your coddies, some of the world's most acclaimed jumbo lump crab cakes, and even local artifacts like terrapin, raccoon, and muskrat (Those artifacts are available only seasonally, and only to take home to cook).

 offers a diverse selection of good restaurants. There's also the must-see Greektown, which hosts a wealth of authentic Greek restaurants and coffeehouses.

In , there are several (quirky) dining options.

Royal Farms is a chain of local convenience stores that are similar to, but better than, 7-Eleven. They are most famous for their deli ordering terminals, which allow you to specify via a touch-screen monitor exactly what you want on a sandwich. They are also known for their fried chicken, chicken sandwiches, and western fries.

In recent years, Baltimore has attracted many world class chefs and is now considered a major destination for impeccably prepared, locally sourced New American cuisine. Several of these new restaurants are in the area.

Baltimore recently passed a smoke-free ordinance, so be aware that all restaurants and bars are completely non-smoking.

Drink

The two neighborhoods with the largest concentrations of drinking establishments and clubs are and . Other fine wining (or boozing) and dining neighborhoods include , , , , and the . Baltimore is also the home of the oldest Irish pub in the United States, Patrick's of Pratt Street, established in 1847. 

 is the city's most popular district for both eating and drinking, it is located about a 15 min walk from downtown, or a short cab ride. Many bars in this area feature live music and most have excellent selections of Maryland and imported craft beers. The Full Moon Saloon on Aliceanna Street brings outstanding blues artists to the stage, while the Cat's Eye pub on Thames (pronounced as it is spelled, not like the river in London) has jazz and blues. Also be sure to visit Bertha's on Broadway, John Steven Ltd. on Thames, and Max's Taphouse for the widest beer and shooter selection plus Quiz-a-ma-jig trivia every Thursday night.

Max's on Broadway is Baltimore's veritable beer museum, with a long list of hard-to-find beers from around the world.

Powerplant Live! is an area just off of the that has two blocks of nothing but bars, clubs and restaurants. It has an outdoor area that has music and other events during good weather. Drinks and food are low quality and overpriced (since there is an unending stream of tourists unfamiliar with the city strolling in), but even the most hip Baltimore hipsters will find themselves here every now and then for the live performances at Rams Head Live!, and for pizza and drinks at Joe Squared afterwards.

Brewer's Art on specializes in Belgian ales. Cross Street Market in bar-saturated has a fine sushi and raw bar, and an excellent happy hour on Friday.

National Bohemian (affectionately known as 'Natty Boh') is the popular local cheap beer. They are generally no more than $2-3 anywhere in Baltimore, and most places serve them in cans.

Please note that all bars in Baltimore (and the state of Maryland) are completely non-smoking.

Sleep

The vast majority of visitors stay in the , right by the main attractions. Few cities have such a well-defined tourist district, and it is therefore no surprise that nearly all the major hotels in the city are located there.

Business travelers can certainly stay in the Inner Harbor and remain close to the central business district, and this way get better views from their rooms. But the most convenient business hotels, chain hotels all, are located . Bear in mind that Downtown is not a very good location if you are looking for nightlife&mdash;you would always wind up going somewhere else, and the empty streets in the business district can be creepy after dark. 

Now if you prefer to stay in a quieter area, with more local character, and better dining and nightlife options, you should look to as the natural option, but even further off the beaten path you can find lovely bed and breakfasts and other small hotels in , , or . The Midtown hotels particularly benefit from good public transportation (a rarity in the city) to Downtown and the Inner Harbor.

Stay safe

Most crime is drug related and occurs between individuals who know each other or in high crime-ridden areas of the city, in which tourists would have little reason to go to. Few, if any, travelers have any experience with that isolated culture of drug and gang-related activity, in which the murders usually occur. Muggings are the crime for tourists to be concerned with, however.

The areas of Baltimore that attract tourists are safe, and you can safely go to the opera, museums, aquarium, etc. The popular Inner Harbor area in particular is full with police day and night, as the city government relies heavily on this area to bring in locals and tourists and generate tax revenue. Some areas just north of the waterfront (downtown above the Inner Harbor around Lexington Market, and around the big public housing projects just northeast of Little Italy) can get a little dodgy after dark, even during the day sometimes.

If you park your car on any street in the Charles Street entertainment district or even in Fells Point, leave nothing, even trash, to reduce the chance of smash-and-grab robberies. Generally, the worst annoyance for tourists and residents around downtown are the homeless and/or drug addicts, who ask for money. Most will leave you alone after you give something or nothing. Still, if someone follows you asking for money, ignore the person and keep walking, as they almost always give up after a few seconds. Avoid confrontations or yelling back.

Above all, though, just exercise the usual precautions for any large city in the world. Know where you are going and how you are getting there. At night, walk in groups if possible and on well-lit streets. Do not carry large amounts of money. Call a cab if the trip back at night seems beyond your comfort zone.

Contact

Cope

* Baltimore Sun, Baltimore's daily newspaper
* CityPaper, Baltimore's weekly alternative newspaper. Lists a full schedule of weekly events every issue, so it's the preferred guide for out-of-towners looking for fun things to do.
* The Bohemian, a bi-monthly alternative Baltimore magazine, 
* Baltimore Afro American, serving Baltimore's black community since 1892.

Consulates

* 

* 

* 

LGBT

* GLCCB, Gay and Lesbian Community Center Baltimore 
* FrontRunners, 
* Pflag 
* Lesbihons, Guide for Baltimore Lesbians
* Lambda Rising Bookstore, 
* OutLoud, 
* Out in Baltimore,

Get out

* is located 22 miles southeast of Baltimore, along I-97. It is the Maryland state capital and home to the Naval Academy. Its historic district has numerous shops and restaurants along the Chesapeake Bay waterfront. It is a good place to take a boat trip.
* is an old railroad town famous for it's historic district and high concentration of antique shops.
* is a great place to charter a boat for the day or eat Maryland's famous crabs.
* which is located 43 miles west of Baltimore is charming city, dating back to the mid-eighteenth century. It is a major antique center with many shops, eateries, galleries and antique dealers and there are also a lot of Civil War sites located nearby including the Monocacy National Battlefield. Good small city to visit for a day-trip from Baltimore.
* is only 34 miles away from Baltimore and it is easily accessible from the MARC Train at Penn Station.
* Six Flags America is a theme park located 27 miles south of Baltimore in Largo, which includes nine roller coasters and a 20 acre water park.
* is located only 50 miles from Baltimore and is famous for being the place where the Battle of Gettysburg took place.
*, located 90 miles north, is famous being the birthplace of Hershey's Chocolate (they still make chocolate there) and for Hersheypark which is a large theme park.
* which is the center of the "Pennsylvania Dutch Country", as a result Amish culture is easily found here. 
* is located on the outskirts of Baltimore. 

 

| image5=I-97.png
| imagesize5=22
| directionl5=N
| majorl5=END
| minorl5=
| directionr5=S
| majorr5=
| minorr5=

| image6=US 1.png
| imagesize6=22
| directionl6=S/W
| majorl6=
| minorl6=
| directionr6=N/E
| majorr6=
| minorr6=

| image7=MD-295.png
| imagesize7=22
| directionl7=S/W
| majorl7=
| minorl7=
| directionr7=N/E
| majorr7=END
| minorr7=
}}