Bari is the capital of the region of . It's the mezzogiorno's (Italy's south) largest city after , and a bustling commercial center and port.

Understand
Bari is the largest and most important city of Apulia and stands on the Adriatic coast. It's mostly famous for being one of the exit doors of Italy, where travelers leave on ferries for neighboring countries. The city authorities, however, have been trying to raise its tourism profile and awareness of Bari's old town, which has retained its ancient Medieval plan and contains many historic buildings and sites. The old town was the heart of pre-Roman and Roman Bari and it is now possible to find several hip bars and restaurants open "from dusk til dawn" in this once dark and unsafe zone.

Get in

By plane
* There are approximately 40 cheap flights to Bari (BRI) from different European airports.

By train
Check www.trenitalia.com for timetables and prices. 

By car
You can get to Bari by A14 highway, which runs from to following the Adriatic coast.

By bus
You can use Onbus Company to travel from Sicily to Puglia. Touring buses connect Germany to Puglia. There are buses (line 16, ~35min) and a new metro service (~20min) connecting the airport to central Bari and the train station.

By boat
Bari is the destination for ferries incoming from the Greek ports of and Igoumenitsa. 
During the summer season, the route between Bari and Igoumenitsa is the most popular destination between Greece and Italy. Bari-Igoumenitsa is a popular ferry line that has been in service for over 24 years. The route is now operated by a cooperation between the Greek companies ANEK Lines and Superfast Ferries.
A normal ticket to Igoumenitsa costs €57 during the low season and €80 in the high season 

There are also ships to and (), () and to (). Ferry operators are either Superfast Ferries, Blue Star Ferries, Azzurraline or Jadrolinija. An up-to-date site with international ferry schedules is here.

Get around
There are many public buses. A ticket costs 1€ (1,50€ if bought on board).

See
The ancient part of the city called Bari Vecchia by locals, literally Old Bari, is a beautiful medieval neighborhood you should not miss. Take a stroll and get lost in the maze of Bari Vecchia and try not to miss the RomanicBasilica of Saint Nicholas with its gold ceiling, its crypt, and the magnificent cathedra of Bishop Elias. In the same square, also the Palazzo del Catapano and the Church of Saint Gregory are worth a visit. Even older (but later refurbished in baroque style) and equally interesting is the Romanic Cathedral of Saint Sabino. Take a walk along the waterfront, on the top of the old city walls and pass by the Fortino of Saint Antony, an old fort recently turned into a modern art gallery and the former Monastery of Saint Scolastica (currently part of the University). The vast majority of the churches in Bari Vecchia are unfortunately closed to tourists. They are open on selected festivities, including Good Friday and the Solemnity of All Saints.

A small town 20 minutes out of Bari named Adelfia is worth a visit on patron's day. The patron saint of one of its quarters, Montrone, is Saint Trifone. Nov 9 is the start of a three-day celebration. In the early evening of Nov 9, a giant beautiful balloon is released which signifies the start of the festival. On the 10th, the statue of San Trifone is brought out of the church and paraded around the town. Bands from all over Italy come and perform on the outdoor stage. Fireworks are displayed throughout the evening to the early morning. The different men's clubs compete on which club can have the biggest, loudest, and most spectacular display. Vendors surround the town with goods, food, and gifts. 

Do
* 
* 
* 
* 

Events
* The Saint of the city is Saint Nicholas and is celebrated by the Catholic Church. In Bari, several masses gather early in the morning (as early as 4am) on December 6. A huge crowd and lots of fast food stands to fill the old town through the night. However, the city's main celebration of Saint Nicholas takes place from May 6 to May 8 with historical reconstructions, popular music, and a two-day fireworks contest. Pilgrims come from all over the world.
* the International Festival & Music Conference of the Puglia Region.

Learn

Work

Buy
Pottery, bags, shoes, interesting (and underpriced) red wines, orecchiette hand made pasta (buy from Bari Vecchia), Taralli, FOCACCIA

Cartoleria Favia Piazza Umberto I n2 +390805235941 wwwcartoleriafavia.it--> Fashion stationery (Mont Blanc, Parker, Aurora), bags, train/aero/car models.

Eat
* : an old and very informal restaurant in the old town. Traditional, non-posh cuisine. Simple four-course menu for about 15€.

* : cheap and simple. Conceptionally very similar to Vini e Cucina.

* : Same as Due Archi.

* American Steak house 12 km from the city of Bari.

Most restaurants and bars are located in the eastern part of central Bari, around the intersection of Corso Vittorio Emanuele II and Corso Cavour.

Drink

Sleep
Bari suffers from not having a good selection of cheap accommodations. A few more affordable hostels in the area would allow more visitors to stay and enjoy this attractive city. Regardless, the budget options available all seem clean and modern if not a little overpriced comparedto the rest of Italy.

Budget
If you are in Bari and you are looking for a cheap place to sleep (less than €25/night/person) it can be quite a problem.

* Cosy Rox are a couple of residences operated for overnight stays and short term rentals. To stay you will need to visit the main hostel at 40 Piazza Luigi di Savoia, from here you will be directed to the place where you will stay. The residence on Via Matteo Renato Imbrianni had private rooms, a good atmosphere, clean, modern, and warm with a shared kitchen and bathroom, and free wi-fi. Francesco, the owner is super helpful and a welcoming host, say hi to his dog "Ox (short for Oxygen)" as well. 

* 

* 

Mid-range
* Rooms are spacious but fairly basic. Generous breakfast. There is a small supermarket across the street.
* Hotel

Splurge
* B&B La Muraglia is the only accommodation in the heart of the Old City with the sea view. The amazing rooftop terrace in B&B La Muraglia gives you an opportunity to have breakfast in the morning, sunbathe during the day, and overlook the harbor with the glass of vine in the evening. Top listed accommodation in Bari is not for the expensive interiors but for the soul. What makes B&B La Muraglia special a part of the location (not even mentioning that it is only 100m for San Nicola Basilica) is the real atmosphere of the neighborhood. This magic atmosphere makes the south of Italy so special. Families, drying washing, and this silence during lunchtime.
* The Oriente Hotel is located behind the famous Petruzzelli theatre, in the city center of Bari, a few blocks away from the sea line; with 75 bedrooms divided in double classic, deluxe and suites, and with large public areas, internet connection, meeting and ballrooms and a panoramic terrace. The Hotel Oriente is also available for weddings and special occasions.
*Spa resort few kilometers away from Bari, with wellness center and swimming pools.

Contact

Stay safe
Bari Vecchia is a beautiful neighborhood but because of the narrow, crowded streets and the presence of tourists, it is the preferred place for local pickpocketers.

Cope

Get out 
Nice towns to discover around Bari are , , and . (with a truly impressive Cathedral), , , and are closer to Bari and also worth a visit. There are many direct trains a day. A ticket to Matera or Alberobello is €4,90 in one direction.