Buenos Aires (the official name 'is Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires/Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, also called Capital Federal/Federal Capital) is the capital of the . The name means fair winds, or literally good airs in Spanish. It is one of the largest cities in , with a lot of cultural offerings, and is the point of departure for traveling to the rest of the country. The inhabitants of Buenos Aires are called porteños, "people from the port", implying that many of the inhabitants are immigrants in some way or another. Buenos Aires is a singular, open, and integrating destination that allows the visitor not only to view the city but also to have an exceptional urban adventure.

Understand

The city is geographically contained inside the province of , but it is politically autonomous.

The city extends on a plain covering 20 km (12 mi) from north to south and 18 km (11 mi) from east to west.

Approximately three million people live in the City of (the Federal Capital of Argentina with 202 km² 78.3 mi²). The City is divided into 48 districts or barrios (neighborhoods). Its metropolitan area, Great Buenos Aires (Gran Buenos Aires), is the 22nd most populated urban center in the world with over 18 million people. Most of the country's activity is highly concentrated in this single city and its surroundings.

Buenos Aires constantly receives tourists from all over the world and offers a large choice of cultural events, nightlife, restaurants, and pubs. So you can expect good services and a wide range of options.

Buenos Aires also has one of the largest homosexual communities in Latin America and there is a receptive attitude towards gay society in the federal law, same-sex marriages are legally performed and recognized in Argentinian federal law. In recent years there has been an increase in gay-oriented businesses such as real estate, apartment rental, travel agents, language classes, tango classes, bars, restaurants, hotels, and guesthouses. Since 2007, the city has seen the arrival of more gay cruise ships, the opening of a gay five-star hotel, and a general increase in gay tourism.

Climate
Buenos Aires, like most Argentinian pampas, has a humid subtropical climate with a significant influence from the Atlantic Ocean. However, the city has unpredictable weather year-round. Summers last from December to February and are hot as the average high is exactly 30°C (86°F) and heat waves can affect the city leading to above 35°C (95°F) and, rarely, above 38°C (100°F). The record high is 43.4°C (110°F). The city is also prone to violent thunderstorms during the summer which contribute the largest percentage of precipitation during these months (which is about 400 millimeters or 15.7 inches). Winters are cool but not cold and fairly cloudy. Despite being in the dry season, June, July, and August see above 60 millimeters of rain (2.3 inches). Temperatures usually range from around 5-8°C (42-47°F) during the night to around 15°C (60°F). Both cold periods and warm periods can occur with the mercury occasionally reaching 3°C (37°F) and rising above 20°C (68°F). Nights with subzero temperatures occur every winter in the southern suburbs but are rare around the coast and in the north. The record low is -5.4°C (22.3°F). Snowfall is extremely rare; the last occurrence was on July 9th, 2007 which was the first major event since 1918.

Districts]]
The City of Buenos Aires has 48 districts called barrios (neighborhoods). The most important and visited are:
* ー An original middle-class neighborhood, Almagro is a barrio located in the very center of the capital, with cheap empanadas, Chinese supermarkets, and greengrocer's, the smell of grilled meat from plentiful parrillas, and a very big circular park that transforms into a market on Sundays. Also, home of Pierino, one of the most traditional pasta restaurants in the city.
* ー a residential and peaceful neighborhood with silent streets that lead to different shops, restaurants, architectural relics, and large green spaces. Belgrano's one of the most distinguished districts, and it's ideal for day walks along the wooded tile sidewalks.
* ー one of the main Tango and historical spots in the city, the streets of Boedo offer to native and tourist public a huge variety of cafes in the best “porteño” style, cultural centers, Tango houses, libraries, theaters, nice pubs, and restaurants. Places that please people of all ages and tastes.
* ー an average, middle-class neighborhood, the barrio has both plentiful amenities, spacious parks, and a good selection of shops and cafés including the well know Las Violetas, one of Buenos Aires' oldest and most grandiose establishments. On the other hand, there are cluttered, very busy, and unpredictable areas of Caballito that should require more thought for the average traveler to go there. Overall, it is a pleasant residential and commercial hub. 
* ー a dense downtown area that houses the legislative branch of government, it resides at the opposite end of Avenida de Mayo from the Casa Rosada (Rosy House, or "pink house" as some would be called it) seat of the executive branch.
* ー considered Buenos Aires's most colorful neighborhood with a very outgoing personality. Tourists favor this picturesque district for its rich history and vibrant colors: greens, yellows, reds, and purples highlight the urban scenery.
* ー downtown, an ideal location for visitors to be near to the main historical spots of the Argentinean capital. Florida Street is located downtown and is a famous pedestrian street of the city, where visitors can do window shopping and buy clothes and other usual city goods. Many tourists came here, so it's well-catered for tourists, though it's not an exact representation of the living area for the average citizen.
* ー a large immigrant population, mainly from Argentina's neighbors Bolivia and Paraguay (and more recently a growing Venezuelan population), call Once home. The streets are always busy with people, markets, street food, and outdoor sellers.
* ー the hip residential neighborhood of tree-lined streets and intersections packed with restaurants, bars, and boutiques. There are several "sub-neighborhoods" such as Palermo-Viejo, Palermo-SoHo, and Palermo-Hollywood. Palermo contains Buenos Aires' young professional population and has a vibrant craft beer scene. 
* ー just like the London docklands, the antique port of Buenos Aires has undergone one of Latin America's biggest urban regeneration projects and now represents the latest architectural trends of the city. It has a mixture of restaurants, ranging from high-end to U.S.A. chains such as and . Expect to pay the highest prices to eat out. It also has apartment buildings and a few expensive hotels. The Reserva Ecológica Costanera Sur, an excellent alternative for nature lovers, lies nearby.
* ー one of the finest and most expensive areas of the city. It boasts many French-style buildings, large green spaces, and first-class restaurants. The famous Recoleta Cemetery is well worth a visit.
* ー hosting the main train station in the city, a busy area filled with commuters, but also home to some of the most luxurious restaurants, shopping, and partying, in the expat-friendly border of Microcentro. Retiro has attracted people from various kinds of lifestyles, without any strong attraction for any specific group of people.
* 
* ー this district preserves colonial style houses along narrow cobblestone lanes, illuminated with pretty wrought iron lanterns. In San Telmo, one breathes the history of Buenos Aires. There is also a very exciting, underground nightlife scene with independent cafes and eateries. 
* ー this part of town has many theater shows, especially on Avenida Corrientes. On Libertad street, there is the astounding huge Colon Theatre, one of the most prestigious in the world.

Get in
Travelers from many countries, including all EU/EEA citizens, as well as (amongst others) citizens of Canada, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore, and the United States of America may enter Argentina for up to 90 days without a visa.

By plane
Buenos Aires is Argentina’s international gateway and is easily accessible from North America, Europe, and Australasia, as well as other capital cities in South America.

The main airport used for international flights to travel to and from Buenos Aires is Ezeiza International Airport, about 35&nbsp;km (20&nbsp;mi) south of Buenos Aires. Most domestic flights, as well as many flights to and from neighboring countries (Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, and Paraguay), use the smaller but more convenient Aeroparque Jorge Newbery airport, a short distance from downtown Buenos Aires. Flight information for both Ezeiza International Airport and Aeroparque Jorge Newbery, is available in English and Spanish at 5480-6111. Buenos Aires also has a lot of small airports dedicated to chartered flights and private aircraft.

Flights from Buenos Aires and the rest of Argentina are usually more expensive for foreigners. This can pose a problem for short-term travelers who do not have time to take a bus to places like Iguazu Falls, Bariloche, Ushuaia, etc. These travelers are often advised to find smaller travel companies/agents that can help them find lower prices on lower flights, deals that larger online travel sites would not have access to.

* Ezeiza is a modern airport with good services such as ATMs, restaurants, and duty-free shops. Most international and some domestic flights use the Ezeiza International Airport (officially referred to as Aeropuerto Internacional Ministro Pistarini / Minister Pistarini International Airport), located in the suburban area named Gran Buenos Aires, c. 30-45&nbsp;min from downtown by highway (can be much longer in rush hours). Planes fly from and to most countries in South America, Europe, North America, and Oceania.
* Some flights from Aerolíneas Argentinas to and leave from Ezeiza during peak season, so check to see which airport you fly into or leave from. There is a daily flight from Ezeiza to Mendoza and Córdoba, which connects with most Aerolíneas Argentinas International Arrivals and Departures.

From South America
There are flights from Ezeiza to most South American cities like: , , , , , , , a dozen of ian destinations, , and . However, many flights to/from neighboring countries (Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, and Paraguay) now use the smaller but more convenient Buenos Aires City Airport-Aeroparque Jorge Newbery (AEP), very close to downtown (see below). Service from Montevideo, in particular, is almost exclusively to Aeroparque, with only one daily flight to Ezeiza as of October 2012, contrasting with several throughout the day to Aeroparque.

From Europe
Direct flights to Europe are available with British Airways to - Heathrow, Norwegian to -Gatwick, Lufthansa to , Iberia and Aerolíneas Argentinas to and , Level to , Air France to - Charles de Gaulle, KLM to three times each week, Turkish Airlines to .

From North and Central America
Non-stop service to the US is available from (Delta Air Lines), (American Airlines), (American Airlines, LATAM Argentina, and Aerolíneas Argentinas), and (United Airlines), and -JFK (American Airlines and Aerolíneas Argentinas). For Canada, Air Canada flies to Buenos Aires via Santiago from . There are also flights from on Aeromexico and from on Copa Airlines.

From Asia
Qatar Airways flies daily to (Qatar) via and Emirates has a flight to via .

From Africa
Ethiopian Airlines flies five times a week to via .

From Australia and New Zealand
Qantas used to fly thrice weekly to Sydney non-stop. However, since March 2012, Qantas flies into/from instead. However Air New Zealand has nonstop flights from Auckland to Buenos Aires, and connecting flights with LATAM from Santiago are available to get to Buenos Aires when coming from Australia to Argentina.

Into town
From the airport, there are taxis, private cars (remises), buses, and minibusses.

There is also a railway station near Ezeiza International Airport named Ezeiza Station. Unfortunately, due to the location of Ezeiza International Airport's main entrance and exit, getting to and from the station itself would at least take around a third of the trip between Ezeiza International Airport and Buenos Aires itself. It is not advisable to go there if your final destination is central Buenos Aires.

By bus
Trips on coaches such as Manuel Tienda León from Ezeiza International Airport to Retiro cost 370 pesos. The coaches leave every half hour between 5 am and 21 pm; every 45 min. between 21 pm and 24 am; and every hour between 24 am and 5 am. From their terminal in Retiro (Terminal Madero, corner of San Martin and Av. Madero), a smaller van will deliver you to the address you reported previously when you bought the ticket.

Tienda León also offers transfers between Ezeiza International Airport and Aeroparque Jorge Newbery Airport. Tickets can be purchased from their booth just outside of customs. If you miss it in customs (European, Australian, and U.S. travelers are probably more used to such services being located outside customs), then walk outside. Keep walking for about 200 meters heading towards Terminal B, turn left, go to Terminal B departures, and there's an outside booth there. Ensure you go to the 'Tienda León' desk for the coach (the first desk on your right as you leave the Customs screening area but before you exit into the main arrivals hall). People at other desks might happily say there's no coach to your hotel and will try to persuade you to take a taxi. Alternatively, follow the instructions above and go to Terminal B for the coach. The signage for terminal B is somewhat lacking but it's between terminal A and C so if arriving at A just follow the signs to C and you will find the kiosk. Coach has free Wi-Fi but it is very slow. Remember to report it when you get the ticket. The coach does not go to your hotel if it is outside their coverage area, so they will tell you where they could drop you off nearby.

By public bus
The cheapest way to get downtown is to take the number 8 bus. The stop is just outside terminal B arrivals, and you need to walk 100 m to just across from the Petrobras Station. The bus has two branches: Express and Regular. The express route will take 1h to Plaza de Mayo via highway (departs every half an hour) and the regular one almost 2 h to get to the Plaza de Mayo, going straight on Rivadavia Avenue and then on Hipolito Yrigoyen street. A SUBE card is required to use this bus but one card can be shared between several people. If you can't buy a card in the terminal you could always try asking a local rider to swipe you aboard with their card for a dollar or so (some bus drivers could be reluctant to allow both things). This is not advised for someone unfamiliar with the city. Be mindful of your surroundings and avoid the common scam mentioned in Stay safe.

By private car
Private driving services to and from the airport are more expensive but more personalized. Companies such as Royal American Limousines provide safe and reliable services to/from EZE and AEP Airports as well as hourly/chauffeured services with bilingual chauffeurs and a wide variety of vehicle models. SilverStar Transport is another option. Another option is with John Boyle, a Trip Advisor Winner, on his page Buenos Aires Taxis. Or you can save money by taking a Transfer and Tour service by Buenos Aires.

By taxi
Prepaid taxis (remises) from Ezeiza International Airport to downtown are the simplest and safest transport from the airport (i.e As you exit customs there are booths on either side of the receiving area of the airport. Some of the prepaid remises will provide you with a 20% discount coupon for your airport return. If you manage to hold on to this coupon, dial them directly to come and collect you and save yourself 20%. You must also present the original receipt to receive the discount. The trip would normally take ca. 45 minutes to downtown, but during periods of heavy traffic, it may also take twice as long.

There are other established companies, such as Manuel Tienda León and Go Airport Taxi Buenos Aires, which allow for a pre-reservation online in order to guarantee your car/driver prior to your arrival. This may be essential in the morning hours when the bulk of the long-haul flights arrives at the airport.

Hailing a curbside taxi is not recommended for tourists that are only newly acquainted with Buenos Aires, but if one does, one should select a taxi that is dropping someone off. It will cost approximately 30% less than a remis. The cab driver will tell you a fixed price beforehand, if not, you should negotiate the price before leaving the pickup area. You should have some familiarity with Buenos Aires and speak Spanish fairly well, as your cab driver will likely not speak English.

Returning to airport
If you are returning to Ezeiza International Airport from downtown, be sure to ride the 8 bus that says Aeropuerto (Airport) on a red label (as of July 2018 there's a new express service that uses the highway and takes an hour, look for the S - Aeropuerto x Metrobus red sign), as there are several 8 buses that go to other places. The regular bus stops all along Mayo Avenue and then Rivadavia Avenue, the express one departs from Plaza de Mayo, then takes the highway all the way to the airport with very few stops in the middle. It can take more than two hours to get to the airport from downtown with the regular bus (longer than the trip from the airport) and one hour or a little less with the express one, and the bus can get extremely crowded. Also, the regular route is not direct (the express one only has a few stops and it's more direct), so do not be alarmed when the bus seems to be heading elsewhere. If you are pressed for time or short on patience, it is highly recommended that you skip this bus and take a taxi or remise.

Alternatively, you could catch a coach from the 'Manuel Tienda León' coach station in Retiro (near Sheraton), Ramos Mejia & Av. Del Libertador (and not the main Omnibus station). If you would like them to collect you from your hotel (assuming it's within the area they cover - mostly central Buenos Aires), you have to call 'Manuel Tienda León' on 0810-888-LEON (5366) the day before. They will collect and take you to the above coach station and then on to EZE. Unfortunately, you have to call them on the above number to book a collection! Total journey time is likely to be 20 mins (local), up to 15 min wait for the main coach, and then about 45 mins.

* Nearly all domestic flights, and from/to Uruguay, as well as many flights from Brazil, Chile, and Paraguay, use Jorge Newbery Airport (referred to as Aeroparque, the Spanish for Airpark/Airfield). Aeroparque is smaller and less modern than Ezeiza, but it is also much more convenient, as it is only 20 minutes away from the downtown area by car. You can take a taxi, an airport bus (ArBus), or a city bus from there.

Into town
A taxi can be ordered from the travel desks in the AEP and will cost depending on the neighborhood. A taxi just outside of the building of the airport may cost you a little bit less (actually it is a standard city-metered taxi). 'Manuel Tienda León' provide a service into town and then possibly to your hotel. You can access their desk either from the Baggage Collection area or from the main hallway outside. Buses leave every hour between 08:00 and 00:30. The coach will take you to their central depot in Retiro and then on a local coach to your hotel. Note that the main coach then continues to EZE so ensure you get off at the central depot in Retiro (about 20 mins from the airport).

Arbus (airport bus) is a new scheduled service with ticket booths located at both ends of the terminal (domestic and international arrivals). The bus will take you to one of six main points in the city (Retiro, Centro/Obelisco, Belgrano, Puente Saavedra, Alto Palermo). Note that these points are on different routes so pay attention to the electronic readout on the front of the bus (Retiro and Centro/Obelisco are on the routes). Purchase tickets online or at the airport booth (cards only, no cash) or use a SUBE card if you have one. The English website lists destinations, fares, and timetables.

Public buses, nos 33 & 45, also go from outside AEP to Retiro or bus No 37 to the center of the city. The ticket machine will not accept notes and you'll need a SUBE card for the board. The SUBE card can be shared between several people and if you don't have one you could try asking a local rider to swipe you aboard with their card for a dollar or so.

Returning to airport
You could use 'Manuel Tienda León'. See 'returning to airport' note under EZE above. Arbus can be used from five predefined points in the city (Retiro, Centro/Obelisco, Belgrano, Puente Saavedra, Alto Palermo) as described above. Tickets are not available on the bus and must be either prepurchased online (or at the airport on arrival) or use a SUBE card.

Alternatively, you could catch bus numbers 33 and 45 from outside Retiro Omnibus station. However, finding the right bus stop is not easy! Imagine you are coming out of the Omnibus station. The buses arriving immediately outside go from your left to right. You need 33 or 45 going in the opposite direction; i.e. from your right to left. So, cross the street and when you reach the pavement by the park, go to the last bus stop on your left. You should be almost opposite the Retiro Omnibus station now. The machine on the bus will only accept SUBE cards.

By train
There are national railways, but they are very few in number. There are some long-distance domestic services Buses are usually faster and more comfortable, but also three times as expensive. There are several main stations in the Buenos Aires area (see below). 

Retiro - Córdoba (overnight): departs Mon. & Fri. 20:10 arrives 10:25

Córdoba - Retiro (overnight): departs Thu. & Sun. 16:30, 07:33 (25 pesos - tourist class)

Retiro - Tucumán (overnight): departs Mon. 10:05, arrives 10:40

Tucumán - Retiro (overnight): departs Wed. 18:00, arrives 19:20 (35 pesos - tourist class)

Federico Lacrosse - Posadas : departs Tue 10.50 and Fri at 20:00, with 54 stops and taking at least 30 hours.

Constitucion - Mar Del Plata: departs Mon to Fri. 13.59 & 23.44, takes around 5.5 hours. 

By bus
Argentina boasts an outstanding short and long-distance bus network. Since regional train service is limited and plane tickets are more expensive, bus travel is the most common way to travel from city to city in Argentina. There are very good services departing from Retiro bus station covering the whole country. Generally speaking the more expensive the ticket, the more comfortable the bus will be. The most expensive tickets will get you seats that fully recline and you will also be served meals and drinks by an attendant on board.

Almost all the long-distance buses use the huge and well-organized Retiro bus station on the northern edge of the city center. You can buy the tickets online to most of the destinations using the website Plataforma 10 but if you have a tight budget, you better go to the Retiro bus station and shop around as you can save a lot doing that. The buses are mostly relatively new, however, the roads they will travel through are relatively old; there are frequent services to most parts of the country and international bus services to neighboring countries. A second bus terminal is situated in the Linier neighborhood, but it is much smaller and not connected to the subway.

The bus classes can be somewhat tricky. Usually, they are called "Servicio Común" (seats that do not recline at all), "Semi-Cama" (seats recline partially), and "Cama" (seats that recline horizontally into beds). You may find some other names such as "Cama-Vip", and "Cama-Suite", when in doubt just ask the agency, in the ticket office or in webs about bus companies

You may catch taxis from the Retiro bus station, and the subte (underground) also stops there. There are many local buses that stop outside the station as well. 

There are numerous operators. The basement level is for cargo and package services. The ground level holds waiting for areas, cafes, shops, and services including a barber. On the upper level, you find a large number (close to 200) of ticket offices or bolete-rias. The upper level is conveniently divided by color into geographic areas for companies that serve the place you want to go, including an international area. Look for the signs.

Cama Suites or Dormi Camas lie completely flat and some have dividing curtains. With these services, the seating arrangement is one seat on one side and two seats on the other side. Semi-Cama services are laid out two and two and do not recline as far. Companies usually have photographs of bus interiors. Make sure the journey you choose has the service you want. Most of their buses are double-decker.

Bus travel times to/from Buenos Aires:
* Mendoza: 12-14 hours
* Córdoba: 9 hours
* Bariloche: 22 hours
* Iguazú: 20 hours
* Rosario: 4 hours
* Santiago de Chile: 20 hours

Terminal de Omnibus de la Ciudad de Buenos Aires
* Address: Antártida Argentina Avenue and Ramos Mejía
* Phone: +54 11 4310-0700
* Subte: Retiro (Linea C)

You can buy a ticket to practically anywhere in Argentina and departures are fairly frequent to the most popular destinations. Reservations are not necessary except during peak summer and winter holiday seasons (January, February, and July).

To find out which companies are available for a specific destination you can consult the official webpage of the terminal Retiro and an online information system for buses from Buenos Aires to the main national and international destinations.

By car
You can get to Buenos Aires from any of the neighboring countries by car, but it is far away from most of the borders. It is really common to travel there only from and southern .

There are four main highways entering the city which connect to suburban areas and other national routes. As with the trains, the bigger and more frequented routes are centered in Buenos Aires, so you will have no problem driving to and from the rest of the country.

Heading to city, you can travel by highway all the way (north access highway, then route 9). From here you can keep heading north on a good route (Panamericana), or turn right about 150km from Buenos Aires and go to the region.

To the west, you can drive to the region using the north access highway, then route 8. Traveling out of the city on the west access highway, you can follow routes 7 and 5, which will lead you to the west and southwest, respectively. If you want to visit western , route 5 is a good choice.

Finally, for visiting the Atlantic shore of , you need to head to the southeast access highway and then take route 2, a very good highway to city.

As a tourist is possible to rent a car while in Buenos Aires, in the zones of Centro, Retiro, Versailles, Nunez, and Ezeiza.

By boat

The main commercial routes into Buenos Aires from Uruguay go through , but going via Nueva Palmira and Carmelo is also an option. In all routes, it is possible to go all the way to , but this will always include overland transit between the port and that city.

 Via Colonia 
The ferries depart from different docks in Buenos Aires, usually from Puerto Madero, but all land at the same ferry terminal in Colonia. Onward overland travel to Montevideo is possible either by a joint ticket or independently, by disembarking the ferry in Colonia and walking 50m to the adjacent bus terminal (Colonia/Montevideo: buses every hour).

Companies operating this service:

* Colonia Express - Puerto Madero terminal - Córdoba avenue & Madero avenue.
* Buquebus Puerto Madero terminal - Córdoba avenue & Madero avenue. Tel: +54 4316-6400.

Journey time varies according to the boat and might be different even within the same company. Check online before booking.

If you buy Colonia Express tickets online, you will be required to print the boarding pass yourself or pay 5 USD to get them printed at the port. A way to avoid that is to drop by one of the Colonia Express booths located inside shopping malls and ask them to print it for you.

It might be possible to upgrade to first class on Buquebus, paid onboard; outdated information indicates that this once cost 10 USD both ways and included VIP lounge access and a free glass of champagne.

Note that on departure you pass Argentine and Uruguayan Immigration at the port in Buenos Aires. The second passport stamp you receive in Buenos Aires is your entry stamp to Uruguay, and after a simple customs x-ray in a Colonia, you are free to enter Uruguay.

 Via Nueva Palmira 
The ferries depart from Tigre, a town located in the province of Buenos Aires, but outside the capital city. Tigre is connected to central Buenos Aires by frequent urban train service that stops at Retiro station (50min, 7.50 ARS, 0.40 USD). In Tigre, the train station and the port are a few meters apart, and there's a cluster of shops and restaurants that cater to weekenders.

Boat services to Nueva Palmira also connect to Colonia del Sacramento, and it is possible to independently buy onward bus tickets to Montevideo.

 Via Carmelo 
This service comprises a bus from central Buenos Aires (Once, Centro, or Saavedra) to the Tigre port, a ferry from Tigre to Carmelo, and another bus from Carmelo to Montevideo (Tres Cruces bus station). The total journey time is about 8h.

By freighter
Grimaldi Lines - Freighter Travel operates a bi-monthly freighter link from Europe to South America via Africa. Five freighter ships do the rotation and each accepts 12 passengers. The journey lasts about 30 days (60 days for a round trip) and port calls include Hamburg, Tilbury, Antwerp, Le Havre, Bilbao, Casablanca, Dakar, Banjul, Conakry, Freetown, Salvador de Bahia, Vitoria, Rio de Janeiro, Santos Zarate, Buenos Aires, Montevideo, Paranagua, Santos, Rio de Janeiro, Dakar, Emden, and back to Hamburg. Only the stops in Europe and Buenos Aires permit passengers to either embark or disembark. However, passengers are allowed to visit all of the visited ports. All the port calls are subject to change depending on the loading and unloading needs of the ship. Tickets for a cabin on a Europe to Buenos Aires trip start at €1450/pp for a double cabin and €1890 for a single cabin (more expensive luxury cabins are available).

 Luggage Storage in Buenos Aires 
There are several options where you could leave your luggage. One option is StorageBA which will pick up your luggage and store it. Some airports have "per day" storage. Train and bus stations do not usually have places to leave your luggage, nor are they safe enough to do so.

Get around
The public transport in Buenos Aires is very good, although crowded during rush hour. It cost 30 pesos, or US$0.26, to use the Subte on May 1, 2022. The metro here is called the Subte, which is short for Subterraneo (underground). The network itself is fairly large and reaches most tourist attractions of the city, and there is a large range of bus routes and several suburban railways used by commuters. You can use Google Maps, or apps Moovit and Como Llego to plan your route.

You must use a card called SUBE to pay for public transport. The card works with every bus, metro, and commuter train. You cannot buy this card at the stations and can only buy them at local "kiosks" that sell candies, sodas, cigarettes, etc. They have blue stickers near the entrances that say, Sube.

Finding your way around is relatively easy. Most of the city grid is divided into equal squares with block numbers in the hundreds, using a grid system similar to . Most streets are one way with the adjacent parallels going the other way, so be aware that the bus or taxi won't follow the same route back. If traveling by taxi, you simply need to tell the driver the street and block number, eg. "Santa Fe 2100"; or two intersecting streets, eg. "Corrientes y Callao". 

The newest Subte trains have great air conditioning, while the older ones are much less comfortable and get extremely hot. In the warmest period (Dec-Feb), you might consider waiting for the next departure if you see that the train is full and drives with the windows open.

City maps are issued by many different publishers and the local tourist authority. They are indispensable for those wanting to use public transportation since they include all bus routes. As always, check in which direction the map is pointing, because some maps are bottom up (South on the top of the map). This is true for the maps at the official taxi booth at Ezeiza airport.

By Helicopter
Buenos Aires has a large fleet of private and commercial helicopters from all over the world and all models and makes. There are helipads and heliports all over each sector of the city and most tourist areas and destinations outside the city. Argentina Flight Adventures charters and rents helicopters and some fixed-wing alternatives for tours, transport, evacuation, and special events and filming. 

By taxi
Taxis are not the quickest way to move around the more congested parts of the city, especially during rush hour, as traffic jams are common. Still, you will find that taxis are usually rather inexpensive, convenient, and exciting (in a white-knuckled, classic-wooden-roller-coaster kind of way). Make sure to take the "radio taxi", as some taxis do not turn on the meter and will ask for a very expensive fare.

It's relatively quite safe to travel by taxi. For details refer to . If you are uncomfortable hailing a taxi on the street you can have your hotel or restaurant call a taxi for you. You should always check that the driver´s personal information is legible in the back part of the front seat, and make sure they turn on the meter after they set off, to avoid any disagreement over the fare later. It is suggested to use small bills and exact or almost exact changes with taxis since as with many large cities around the world, it sometimes can be quite problematic getting change back from a taxi driver.

By bus

The principal means of public transportation within the city are the buses (colectivos). All rides inside the city border are the same very low price, as long as you are moving inside the city borders.

You must use a card called SUBE to pay. You cannot pay on the bus with cash. You must first find a place that sells these cards, purchase one, and add credit to it.

There are more than one hundred lines covering the whole city. They work 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, but run less frequently on holidays and late at night. For each route, the bus is painted differently making them easy to distinguish. Some of the routes through the wealthy northern neighborhoods now have Bus Rapid Transit platforms making journeys even faster. The best way to figure out the bus system is to buy a Guía "T". It's essentially a little book with a directory of streets, which corresponds to map pages, and has bus listings on the facing page for each map. Once you get your hands on one, it's very easy to figure out, but give yourself fifteen minutes the first few times you use it to plan a route. These can be bought at many kiosks around the city or subway stations.

Otherwise, visitors who are comfortable with speaking a little Spanish can call 131, a toll-free telephone number from any phone, to help you find which colectivo to take. You just have to tell the corner (or the street and the number) where you're at and the one you want to get to.

When entering the bus, show your SUBE card to the driver and your destination. Wait for the driver to select your destination on the panel. The amount to be paid will be shown on a screen. Place your SUBE card on the reader. Do not use the card before the driver selects your destination, since he may still be processing your order and say "No, todavia" ("Not yet").

Some buses might still have the old coin machine directly behind the driver, albeit not working. Again, note that the only way to pay for the bus is by using the SUBE card. Additionally, SUBE cards can carry a negative balance of up to -20 Pesos, but it's always good to make sure you have enough money on it, especially at night when the options to top-up are more limited.

You can also use buses to move in and around the suburban area (Gran Buenos Aires), but the fares are higher (up to 5,50 Pesos, depending on the distance and service). The suburban-only lines (you can differentiate them because their line numbers are above 200) have less comfort, and many of them don't run after 11PM.

When buses are busy it is common to give up one's seat to an older standing passenger or a mother with a child.

By commuter train

Commuter trains connect Buenos Aires’ center to its suburbs and nearby provinces. They mostly cater to local commuters and not tourists. The terminal stations are the same as suburban transportation. From Retiro station, you can take the train to the Tigre Delta. There you can do a boat cruise and see the wetland and recreational area of the porteños. You must use a card called SUBE to pay. Incredibly, you cannot buy this card at the stations and you cannot buy single tickets. You must find a place that sells cards. You can recharge the card at the stations.

Subte (subterraneo)
The city has a subway network ("Subte", a short form of "tren subterráneo", which means "underground train"). It is very efficient and you can save a lot of time by using it. It is cheap (30 pesos in 2022) for unlimited transfer as long as you keep underground traveling throughout the network). If you need to be somewhere by 9AM or 9.30AM on a weekday, however, the Subte will be incredibly crowded, and depending on where you are catching it, you may have to miss several trains in a row before there is space for you. Once on board, during peak hours it can get very crowded. Factor this into your timing arrangements to make sure that you make your meeting on time.

You must use a card called SUBE to pay. You cannot buy the cards at the stations, but you can recharge the cards there. The cost of a new card at the station is 30 pesos. Another place to get this card is at the tourist information centers where they will likely have staff that speak English and other foreign languages. Note that you can run a negative balance on the card to -7.50 pesos. Some businesses (convenience stores mostly) can recharge SUBE cards as well.

The Subte runs approximately from 5AM to 11PM, except on Sundays, when service starts at 8AM.

The current network comprises six underground lines, labeled "A" to "E" and "H" which all converge in the downtown area and connect to the main bus and train terminals.

In the southeast branch (the E line), the service is extended by a trainway known as Premetro, but beware, it goes to some of the least desirable places in the city. Premetro is 0.60 pesos, or 0.70 with a Subte Transfer.

The Subte and Premetro services are under Metrovias S.A. authority. You can reach their Customer Service personnel by calling toll-free (within Argentina) at 0800-555-1616 or by sending a fax to +54 4553-9270.

Many Subte stations have interesting murals, tiles, and artwork. The "Peru" station is the oldest subway station. Transferring between lines is indicated by combinación signs.

By train
There is a good deal of railway connections to the suburban area laid out in such a way that it resembles the shape of a star. The quality of the service ranges from excellent to not quite so desirable, depending on the line; ask before using them at night time. Services have improved in recent years with new air-conditioned trains. The trains also allow you to take a bicycle on board. 

The main railway terminals are Retiro, Constitución, Once and Federico Lacroze. From all of these, you can then use the metro and bus network to get right into the center. The suburban fares are very cheap.

* Tren de la Costa (site available in English): It's a small touristic cozy train that runs from Maipu St (connection from Ferrocarriles Argentinos's Mitre Line, Mitre Branch, Mitre station) to Parque de la Costa in Tigre, with stops in very exclusive zones such as San Isidro which are worth a couple of hours' walk. As a tourist attraction, tickets are far more expensive than regular trains: way daily ticket costs 16 pesos for non-residents and allows you to hop on-hop off as many times as you want. Be sure to check their website as it offers a brief description of each station and its attractions. 

If departing from Retiro station, it's a good idea for a whole day journey (especially in summer when daylight lasts much longer) to buy a one-way ticket at Mitre station, stop for a small walk at some of the stations, and arrive at Tigre where you can find lots of attractions, and then go back to Retiro using the Tigre branch of the Mitre line.

By car
If you are truly adventurous (and a bit of a risk-taker), cars are available to rent in Buenos Aires. There are several things to keep in mind before renting a car in Buenos Aires. First, Buenos Aires is such an excellent city for walking that if something is within 20 or 30 blocks, it is often worth the extra effort to go on foot and get to know the city on a more intimate level. The terrain is flat, so it can be easily walked. Second, if you aren't much of a walker, the public transportation system in Buenos Aires is cheap and efficient. It can get you anywhere fast! Third, and perhaps most important, the traffic in Buenos Aires is extremely unpredictable. Stoplights, signs, and traffic laws, for many porteño drivers, are mere references. Picture yourself trying to get several thousand heads of cattle to move down the street and stay inside the lanes, and you have a decent idea of driving in Buenos Aires. It's also very difficult to find where to park your car in many neighborhoods, and close to impossible downtown. Do NOT leave your car parked where you're not supposed to because it will be towed away, and the recovery fee is VERY EXPENSIVE. Many hidden speed control cameras have been installed lately (especially in avenues), so be sure to stick to the speed limit, even on routes outside the city. DO fasten your seat belt and have your lights turned on or you will be fined.

If driving outside the city, you should not only stick to the speed limit (which varies a lot depending on where you are) but have your identification and driving license with you, as it's possible that you get stopped by traffic control policemen. National routes are in a good state of maintenance, but be careful in province-only routes as there may be unexpected and dangerous potholes in the pavement.

There is also the option to do private car tours. One (fun) option is to go for Buenos Aires Vintage Tours, which offers original Citroën 3CVs to do the tour. Check Buenos Aires Vintage for details on available tours.

By Private Car
Different from taxis, private transfers offer the possibility of establishing an exact point of retrieval, or for a specific amount of time. Here you can find some companies that offer this service: Buenos Aires Airport Transfer

By bicycle
Traffic is dangerous and hardly respectful toward bicycles however the number of people using bikes to get around has increased significantly and therefore traffic is a lot more courteous and receptive than in the past. In many cases, cycling around Buenos Aires is quicker than taking a bus/taxi during rush hour. It is now common to see large crowds cycling around the weekend along avenues since these are a lot quieter these times. 

Many spots call out for two-wheeled exploration, such as Palermo’s parks and the Reserva Ecológica Costanera Sur. On weekends and some weekdays, you can rent bikes at these places. Most of the city is flat which makes biking easy, even with bikes that have only one gear. There is a network of segregated bike lanes which is rapidly expanding.

It can be a hectic experience, but by no means impossible if you have ridden a bike in traffic before. Tips:

* In Buenos Aires, traffic is really good at anticipating the green light: some cars/buses start going when it's still red, knowing that it will turn green in the next second or so.

* Indicators and headlights seem to be used randomly; don't be surprised if a car suddenly cuts into you without indicating first.

* On one-way streets, stick to the left lane to avoid the buses which go really fast and stop all the time as well as the taxis that go at a snail's pace and stop or change direction suddenly to pick up a fare.

* It is not uncommon for tourists to be mugged at gunpoint while riding a bike in the city, so stick to populated areas and avoid areas with few people.

The city council is pushing hard for cycle usage. There is a free public bike system called EcoBici, and is orange in color - sponsored by Itau Bank. There is an online signup page, but since it requires you to go to one of several offices anyway, you could probably just go to one of the offices marked on the map at the bottom of the signup page. The hours for each office are listed in the dropdown menu. You just need to take a photocopy of your passport. As of January 2020, the system is so-so since new bikes are being rolled out with integrated GPS systems inside to avoid theft. Stations often randomly stop working, so make sure to check the status of the station with the app or website before you go to get a bike. If you return a bike late, you are not charged a fee, but your card might get suspended. It's not stated on their website, but if you call them they'll tell you the first suspension is one week, the second one is a month and the third is forever. If you try to return a bike and the station is full, there's no way to extend your time to go to another station. You might be able to call them and ask them not to suspend your card if this happens.

You can rent a bicycle for a day or for a week at Manawa Bikes Located at 4817 Nicaragua, Palermo. 

Make sure to request a chain lock when renting a bike as bicycle parking is non-existent, the only choice is to lock the bike against lamp posts, etc. It's one of the few places you can find a reasonably priced bike helmet near the city center.

Many suburban trains have dedicated spaces/coaches reserved for cycles. It is common for commuters to combine their trips.

Bikes, even used ones, are expensive in Argentina compared to North America. Sites like Craigslist are not popular here so you can't just buy a used bike for $50 when you arrive. If you like biking, it may be worth bringing a folding bike, lock, and helmet on the plane with you.

On foot
Walking is a great way to get around Buenos Aires during the day. With the grid system, it is relatively easy to get around and because of the traffic, it may even be quicker than a taxi or bus. The larger avenidas are lined with shops so there is plenty to see. In the Micro center, Calle Florida is a pedestrian shopping street where you can walk from Plaza San Martin to Avenida de Mayo near the Plaza de Mayo. It crosses Lavalle (also pedestrian only) which takes you to the Plaza de la Republica and the Obelisk. If you want to optimize the time will be interesting to get a local licensed tour guide. You can find them online and a few of them are legally registered by the city government like.

Talk
The Spanish in Buenos Aires is pronounced differently from elsewhere. "Calle" and "pollo" sound very different and the ll sound like English sh instead of Spanish y or h. The difference in pronunciation probably reflects the influence of Italian traders in the port in the 19th century--many of the words that Porteños pronounce differently from the rest of the Spanish-speaking world are pronounced identically to an Italian word for the same thing. 

Much has been written on the Spanish language in Buenos Aires. It was influenced by the many nationalities that immigrated here as well.

If you have studied Spanish, you may find these differences enormous. Also, vocabulary and some pronouns differ a lot from Iberian Spanish or other Latin American varieties of Spanish, so it may be useful to get an Argentinian dictionary or take some lessons in Argentinian Spanish before arrival. Despite these differences, any person who is fluent in Spanish should have no difficulty navigating through conversations with Porteños or with any other Argentinians, although sometimes they tend to speak very fast and you may have to ask "hable despacio, por favor" ("speak slowly, please"). Anyway, most "Porteños" (inhabitants of Buenos Aires City) speak a little English but it is very easy to find people who are very fluent, especially if you stay near the tourist areas.

Buenos Aires is home to one of the biggest Jewish communities in the world and the biggest in South America. There are many sights and activities specifically for Jewish people. There are museums, beautiful synagogues, monuments, barrios, and history for all travelers to soak up and enjoy. Tours are given around the city to hit all the major Jewish landmarks. This is a great way to see a different side of Buenos Aires that most people wouldn't think about seeing. Kosher restaurants are available in Palermo, Once (or Balvanera). There's even a Kosher McDonald's (the other is in Israel) at the Abasto Shopping Mall.

See

Buenos Aires is a big city, so check the section for detailed listings.

If you are a fan of walking in green open spaces and parks in big cities like Buenos Aires, be sure not to miss a promenade in Palermo, a beautiful area in the northern part of the city. Here you will find not only open spaces to walk in but also a large lake where you can rent paddle boats and a huge flower garden that is free to enter! Although the Japanese and the botanical gardens, and the surroundings are very nice, they are also very noisy as several major roads traverse the area. For a quiet, shady walk or jog head to the golf course north of the railway tracks.

Another great place to walk along and experience street life is El Puerto de Buenos Aires. Its personality, however, is quite contrasting during the day and during the night.

 has the Caminito pedestrian street with arts and crafts. There is also a river cruise you can take from there where you can see a huge picturesque metal structure across the river. You can try and catch a rowboat to Avellaneda on the other side of the water, but you will have to try your luck as the rower may not allow you on citing that it's dangerous. La Boca is famous for Tango and you can often catch glimpses of Tango dancers practicing in the streets. If you want to take a photo with a tango dancer, you will be expected to pay a small fee. In addition to tango, La Boca is famous for its football, and you can take a tour of the La Bombonera Stadium where the buildings are painted in bright colors.

The prices for almost everything in La Boca tend to be 2 to 3 times higher compared to the rest of the city. It's very touristy since it is an enjoyable place with some authentic Argentine sights. La Boca is probably best enjoyed during the day when the streets are crowded and there are other tourists around; it is generally advised to be avoided at night.

*Catedral Metropolitana de Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires is the birthplace and former home of Pope Francis, where he was the Archbishop at the Catedral Metropolitana de Buenos Aires (Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral). The Cathedral overlooks Plaza de Mayo and is open to the public daily. There are also many historical markers in the city denoting where he was born, lived, grew up, and carried out his work. The city sponsors a free narrated bus tour with stops at these sites. The tour is in Spanish and booking online in advance is recommended. 
*Cementerio de la Recoleta, Junín 1760, C1113 CABA , ph.+541148031594, This is where all the rich families in Buenos Aires have their final resting places. Expect to see big ornate tombs. Be sure to visit the tomb of Eva Perón, the daughter of an aristocrat and beloved First Lady who, despite having the most visited tomb in the cemetery, is considered by many to be too close to the people for eternal interment in Recoleta. Is highly recommended to visit with an official tour guide to explore it with sense and optimize the cost of the ticket while visiting the area a little bit with the history of Evita Perón. 
*Jewish Areas Argentina has one of the largest Jewish communities in the world. They are established in some areas and concentrate in urban areas. By walking or by car you can discover the famous Kosher McDonald's, the oldest synagogue, visit the area and the Jewish museum and some art. There were 2 bombs against Jewish institutions so you can find memorial places. It is important to be with a Jewish tour guide to escort you and have access everywhere. 
*Palermo Viejo district. This is a trendy neighborhood with charming cobblestone streets, bookstores, bars, and boutiques; it is definitely better than the tourist San Telmo area for a nighttime excursion. The Palermo station, on the D line, is the closest metro stop.
*San Telmo. Best visited on Sundays when tourists and locals alike flood in to attend the weekly street fair and flea market. Be watchful for good deals, and bring in your own water, as it's quite expensive here. On Sunday nights, there is a tango performance in the lovely plaza, which is specifically for tourists. (Visit an underground tango club for the most amateur experience. If there is advertising or disco ball, then it's not an amateur)
*Street Art Buenos Aires has a reputation as one of the street art capitals of the world with huge murals covering tall buildings. The best street artists in the world come to Buenos Aires to paint due to the freedom the city offers. There are tours that lead to seeing the biggest murals in the city in some of its lesser-known neighborhoods. Tours are in small groups with expert guides.

Do
 Concerts 
Buenos Aires has a tradition of rock concerts going on all the time. Most of the time top international artists include several dates on their tours in Buenos Aires. Football stadiums are frequently used for concerts.

Events
*Official listing of city-sponsored events and festivals.
* Spend a night seeing what it is like to be a real gaucho. Live the life of an Argentine cowboy; ride horses, eat traditional gaucho foods, drink traditional gaucho wines, and dance like they used to do back in the day. A great way to get out of the city for a day and see another side of Argentine culture. Great for adults, kids, or anybody who ever wanted to be a cowboy when they were younger.

Football
Argentina has a renowned football reputation and the sport is very popular throughout the whole country. Buenos Aires and the surrounding suburbs are home to more than 15 Primera league teams, the two most internationally known being Boca Juniors (which resides in La Boca) and River Plate (which formerly resided in La Boca, but now resides in Belgrano). A game between these two legendary teams is called the Superclásico.

Other popular teams that draw big crowds are San Lorenzo, Independiente, and Racing Club, just to name a few. When any of these "big five" clubs (Boca Juniors, River Plate, San Lorenzo, Independiente, and Racing Club) teams play against one another, it is a Clasico or derby match. Other local teams include Velez Sarsfield, CA Platense, Arsenal Sarandi, Estudiantes, Banfield, Argentinos Juniors, Lanus, Defensa y Justicia, and Hurican.

Argentinian fans are known for their passion and the songs (which are practically love songs) that they sing to their teams. Even if you are not a huge football fan, going to a game just to take in the atmosphere and to observe the fans singing and cheering is a great, unique experience. 

If you want to see a match on your own, check the club's official website to see when tickets go on sale and to whom. Many stadiums do not sell tickets at the stadium at game time, but instead one day before or hours before the game.

Tickets for River Plate are mainly limited to season ticket holders and can possibly be purchased online through the River Plate official website. Season ticket holders and dues-paying club members are given priority in the ticket distribution system so often non-members will not get a chance to buy tickets. 

Tickets for Boca Juniors are no longer sold to the public as of 2012 (only distributed to season ticket holders). Tickets or access to see these teams play can be quite complicated to get now as non-club members.

Golf
You might not think of it as you walk around this big city of skyscrapers, but there is some very good golfing very close by. There are many trips to the golf courses that make it easy and relaxing for tourists to enjoy a day on the green. Packages include any greens fees, equipment, and a caddie whom you can blame when you hook that shot into the woods!

Horse Riding Adventures
Argentine history is deeply connected with the countryside and the gaucho culture. Horse riding is a great way to discover the countryside and learn about the country's traditions. Horse Riding in Buenos Aires offers a real horse riding experience in a typical Argentine estancia. Just a 50-minute drive from the city of Buenos Aires, you will find the ideal place to enjoy this activity in contact with nature with mates and regional pastries.

Polo
Argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world. Polo Tournaments in Argentina run from October to early December and the three most important polo championships, collectively known as the ‘Triple Crown’, are played in Tortugas, Hurlingham, and Buenos Aires city. The most celebrated tournament is the Abierto Argentino (Argentine Open) set in Palermo’s Campo Argentina de Polo (commonly known as the Cathedral of Polo). Smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year. For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociación Argentina de Polo

Around Buenos Aires, there are a few well-known polo programs. A great option is Argentina Polo, which runs professional polo games every day of the year as well as polo lessons for beginners and pros. Its full-day program includes a typical Argentinean BBQ with unlimited malbec wine and refreshments. The Polo Clinics also include accommodation; they are very popular for their friendliness and professionalism. Transportation is provided for the 50 min drive from downtown to their polo ranch.
Another good option is Argentina Polo Day Its complete polo day program allows you to discover the Argentine countryside every day of the year and enjoy an exclusive professional polo match, a typical Argentine asado and learn how to play polo. It is located in Capilla del Señor, 50 minutes from the City of Buenos Aires.

In addition to these experiences, with Polo Night you can enjoy playing polo under the stars in the one and only illuminated arena polo field in the country, accompanied by a traditional argentinian asado and malbec wine.

Skydiving
Buenos Aires hosts exhilarating skydiving activities within its clear blue skies. You can experience a 20-minute flight, followed by a 35 seconds free-fall, and a slow descent of nearly 7 minutes to enjoy a breathtaking view. Discover a unique bird's-eye view of Buenos Aires and its expansive pampas as you dive through 3,000 meters (9,000 feet) of open air. There is no better place to feel the adrenaline of a Tandem Skydiving Jump. 

Spas
Recently, more urban spas or day spas have flourished, some of them at large hotels such as the Alvear, Hilton, and Hyatt among others. Furthermore, some green spas have opened shops and offer a great range of eco-friendly treatments.

Tango

A trip to Buenos Aires is not complete without some sort of experience of the Tango, the national dance of Argentina. A good place to go and watch some authentic Tango is at the Confiteria Idéal Suipacha 384 (just off of Corrientes, near Calle Florida. However, Tango is best experienced not in La Boca and on Calle Florida, but in the Milongas. A milonga is both a place where a Tango dance will take place, as well as a specific type of tango dance. 

Milongas take place either during the day or late at night. "Matinée Milongas" usually start in the early afternoon and go until 8-10 PM. They are popular with tourists who may struggle to stay up until 5AM every night. Inside a milonga, you will find many locals who will be more than willing to show you how to dance. The night Milongas officially start at around 11, but don't fill up until around 1:30. They may go on until 5 or 6 in the morning. Some Milongas to note are: Salon Canning, El Beso, Porteño y Bailarin and Maldita Milonga.

There are many milongas held in different parts of the city every day. There's a free distribution guide called TangoMap Guide which contains all the information about the milongas day by day, including times and location. This guide also informs about tango teachers and tango shops, so it's the best reference for any tango lover. 

You can start learning the tango through the group lessons offered at many studios. Some popular schools are at the Centro Cultural Borges, on the very top floor. The best way to learn, and the quickest, even if you do not have a partner, is with private lessons. If you want to try the authentic style that the Argentines dance socially in the milongas, look up some of the milongueros who teach tango, like Alejandro Gee, Juan Manuel Suarez, Jorge Garcia, Jorge Kero. They will not only teach you traditional tango or milonga, but you can also find out a lot about the culture by hanging out with them. You can google them for videos or in order to find them. Many of the more 'famous' instructors command a premium price. Be warned if you start taking tango lessons it will seduce and consume your life and you will then be forced to make many pilgrimages back to Buenos Aires to dance.

If you prefer to start taking lessons in small groups and have personal attention, there are two tango-oriented hotels with professional tango teachers who offer group tango lessons every day (free for their guests). 
* Tango shows are also very popular among tourists and locals alike. They often include dinner, a great show, dance lessons, and a few complimentary drinks. The dancers are all professionals and bent on putting in their best shows every single night. These shows start around dinnertime but can go well into the night. They can be a great starting block for the rest of your crazy night in Buenos Aires.

Tours
* Buenos Aires is quickly becoming a haven for urban cycling. The city government has installed over 150 km of cycle lanes in the last 5 years. The city is very flat, which makes navigating by bike very easy for any level of cyclist. Biking Buenos Aires organizes daily bike tours for those travelers looking to learn more about the city. There are also numerous bike rental shops places in BA.
 
* Parrilla Tour Buenos Aires leads food tours around different neighborhoods several times a week. During the tours, participants visit and taste traditional foods at 4 restaurants, as well as learn about the history and culture around Argentine cuisine. Tours are in small groups and very social. The stops chosen are hole-in-the-wall, local only, establishments not in guidebooks.
 
* It is a well-known football tour group that organizes trips to see the most popular teams in and around Buenos Aires like Independiente, Boca Juniors, Racing Club, River Plate, and San Lorenzo. They provide tickets, transportation, and bilingual guides who are well-informed about the teams' history, players, songs, and stadiums.
 
* The city of Buenos Aires and its suburban surroundings cover a tremendous expanse of land that cannot be easily and quickly walked, biked, or driven. That is what helicopter rides are for. You can discover Buenos Aires from a unique perspective: see the skyline of Puerto Madero's skyscrapers, the grid of concrete streets filled with taxis and colectivos or buses, and the tourist attractions including the Obelisco, Casa Rosada, and Cementario Recoleta. Tour the skies above the human traffic on an exciting helicopter ride, a different way to explore the city.

Wine tasting
Argentina is renowned for its excellent selection of wine. Mendoza is rated among the world's most popular wine regions due to its high altitude, volcanic soils, and proximity to the Andes Mountains. The terrain seems to complement the European grape varietals with interesting notes not present when produced in other climates; this allows the Argentine wine to be positioned in a league of its own. 

The best way to experience and understand the selection of Argentine varietals is a wine tasting, which is offered by quite a few companies and bars around the city.

* 

Learn

Photography 
Buenos Aires is a great photography destination, offering a huge array of locations that provide something for everyone, whatever you like photographing, Buenos Aires has it all, an exciting street art scene, gritty culture, beautiful architecture, and intriguing and visually exciting food culture, and inhabitants that generally don't mind being photographed. 
EAD is a photography school offering academic courses and workshops to help you hone your skills

Spanish
Many people interested in learning Spanish choose Argentina as an inexpensive destination to accomplish this. You will hear Argentines refer to Spanish as Castellano more often than Español, which betrays the county's individuality when it comes to the language, though there is a logic behind their use of Castellano. Spain has several languages. The dominant language is Castilian or Castellano, which is the primary dialect spoken in Spain, and the language of communication for all of Spanish-speaking Latin America. Spanish in Buenos Aires is Rioplatense Spanish. The Spanish of Argentina uses the verb form of voseo instead of tú. While the Spanish of Argentina is beautiful, it is slightly unusual sounding to the rest of Latin America. You might also pick up a little of the slang of Buenos Aires known as Lunfardo, which is influenced by several other languages.

There are several options for studying Spanish. You can attend one of several fine schools, study individually with a tutor, or there are social groups where people get together for the purpose of talking in each other's languages to improve their skills.

There's one Spanish School that specializes in the language of tango and addresses tango lovers (even when they teach anyone interested in their lessons). It is called LyCBA and also has teachers who will come to where the person is staying. 

Schools provide a very rigorous schedule, typically, of intense study. Be wise. If you have spent 3 weeks in classes and find yourself getting overwhelmed, a week off will help your brain catch up. There is the occasional student who has been in classes for 6 weeks and whose brain is clearly suffering from overload. 

The schools would rather keep you in class, so it's up to you to pace yourself.

* Founded in 2005, Ailola Buenos Aires is locally owned and operated, and has a team of professionals on hand to provide Spanish language courses, TEFL certification courses, volunteering and internship programs as well as student accommodation. The school is open year-round and students can start their program each Monday (or on any business day for private courses). You'll find the school on level 3, in office #10, in the Palacio Barolo. Once the tallest building in the city, this historic palace located at 1370 Avenida de Mayo was modeled on the cosmology explained in Dante's Divine Comedy – there's a purgatory, a heaven, and a hell.

* Offers small group lessons as well as private classes with rotating teachers to expose the student to various teaching styles. High-quality material, loads of extracurricular activities, and a helpful bilingual administrative staff. Argentine Spanish is taught, but the differences from other dialects are explained and contained in the material. Also offers various forms of accommodation.

* Small and dedicated friendly Spanish School located in the Retiro district, meters from the Plaza San Martin, a few blocks from the financial and commercial center of Buenos Aires, 10 minutes from the San Telmo neighborhood and the Recoleta Cemetery. Easily accessible by bus or subway. Within the school, there is also an art studio and the walls are decorated with paintings and photos from Argentine artists, reinforcing the cultural immersion. Additionally, there is a space to view movies and short films from Argentina and South America, helping to showcase the use of the language in an authentic cultural context.

* 

* Elebaires is a Spanish language school located in the historical building Palacio Barolo, in the center of Buenos Aires. The school has a friendly and community environment. The teachers not only teach you Spanish, but they also let you discover Argentinian culture. Every week the school has free activities and extra grammar or speaking classes in the afternoon to give you the full Spanish immersion experience.
 
* This is a satellite school from Spain. There is no mention as to whether they teach the Spanish of Spain or if they follow Argentine Spanish. They are located in Microcentro and have a capacity for 200 students in 20 classrooms.

* Expanish Spanish School is a professional educational institute located in a beautiful building in the heart of downtown. They offer various Spanish courses (group, individual, focused), study abroad programs (Universidad de Belgrano, Universidad de Buenos Aires, Universidad Austral, Universidad Católica Argentina), volunteer programs, TEFL courses, and internship placements. All programs and courses are supplemented by cultural activities, skill workshops, and excursions throughout Argentina and Uruguay, as well as student support services.

* This school has received attention in guidebooks. Their method of education is TEFL, a highly regarded method. You can expect, given their foreign press, a higher concentration of the younger backpacker crowd, and a higher turnover of students. A high turnover of teachers and other difficulties have also been observed.

* Offers one-on-one lessons and extremely reduced classes. The tailor-made lessons are taught according to the communicative approach in meaningful contexts. Lessons are combined with out-of-class practice, where you can practice what you have learned in class.

* 
 
* Gisela Giunti is a Buenos Aires-based Spanish tutor, offering a range of personalized courses, focusing on the individual needs of the students. She also works with her team of teachers who also follow the same teaching style.

* The school is open all year round. Students can start any Monday.

* Gives you the opportunity to practice what you are learning in class with native speakers.
* An all-rounded and eco-friendly Spanish school offering customized group and private classes supplemented with cultural immersion workshops and activities.

* Verbum Spanish school is a people-oriented school located close to Palermo and downtown. They offer group courses and private Spanish lessons, Spanish for specific purposes (medical, literature, business, etc.), volunteer opportunities, and free social and cultural activities.

* VOS Buenos Aires offers Regular and Intensive Spanish courses, Exam preparation CELU, DELE, and Immersion programs in Argentina. Vos Buenos Aires offers a wide range of cultural activities every day of the week. The school's main attributes are the excellence of its teachers, the cultural approach, and the great atmosphere. At VOS, Spanish is learned by speaking, feeling, thinking, writing, laughing, and living in Spanish.

University 
Foreigners have been flocking to Buenos Aires to take advantage of the great deals. For those who come to Argentina, it is essential to know, for themselves and their children, that the country's education is considered one of the best in Latin America. 
* The Universidad Nacional de Buenos Aires is the most important school in Argentina and one of the most prestigious in Latin America. Founded on August 12, 1821, it depends financially on the State but it is autonomous, open, secular, and completely free. Furthermore, the only condition for entry is the completion of the Ciclo Básico Común (also free, and part of the University).

Work
Employment is available for Spanish-speaking visitors in Buenos Aires. Many foreigners work as translators or English teachers. There's also a recent trend for technology and recruiting companies to hire English-speaking or bilingual employees.

Call centers
It is very common for foreigners to work in call centers. There are companies that provide customer care and technical support services to many big American and European companies like Microsoft, Verizon, Vodafone, Motorola, and others. If you speak just a bit of Spanish, you can get this kind of job. It should be noted that wages in call centers are much less than in countries like the USA, far lower than the difference in the cost of living. In 2007, typical wages were 1/5 of the typical rate for the same work in the USA, while living costs were between 1/3 and 1/2. Many foreigners from "richer countries" find it very hard to survive in Buenos Aires for very long unless they have other funds.

 Work permit
If you wish to work, remember to obtain proper immigration status so as to be able to work legally. It is possible to convert your tourist visa into a work permit, but you need to bring with you a letter of good conduct for your country of residence and a birth certificate. Both documents have to have an apostille and a certified translation to Spanish if they are not already in this language. You may find the latest requisites at "Dirección Nacional de Migraciones" Some employers may still offer you work under less than formal terms but be reminded that if you accept this sort of employment you may not receive the full benefits that are mandated by law and are actually 'helping' that employer break a good number of local laws. Also, you could receive assistance from a good immigration advisor, who could get your legal residence approved in days and also find you a job.

Buy

Opening times
Shops at shopping malls and Supermarkets are usually open from 10:00 to 22:00 hrs, 7 days a week. Non-chain, small stores usually close around 20:00 and stay closed on Saturday afternoons and Sundays except on big avenues and touristic areas. All of the main avenues are full of kiosks and very small convenience stores that stay open 24 hours. You will find no less than 2 for every 100 meters you walk. In the Recoleta area, several bookstores and record stores close as late as 2:30AM daily.

Exchanging money
You can obtain pesos by using your ATM card at any bank.

You will find many places to exchange money in the "microcentro", more specifically along Florida and Lavalle. There you will find banks and "Casas Cambio" who will be happy to buy your foreign currency at the official rate. You will also find people on the street shouting "Cambio". These criers represent the unofficial exchanges that are referred to by locals as the "Arbolitos", but there is a greater risk of getting counterfeit bills.

Traveller's checks
Traveler's Checks are rarely used and may actually be difficult to exchange, but there is an American Express office at San Martin Plaza. They don't cash their own traveler's checks, but they will provide information about locations that do. Traveler's checks are cashed into pesos, not dollars. Banco Frances will cash them with proper identification and are located all over B.A., including around tourist attractions such as El Obelesco.

Banks
Banks open from 10:00 to 15:00 and only on weekdays. Banelco or "Red Link" ATMs can be found around the city, but banks and ATMs are few and far between in residential neighborhoods like . Try major roads near metro stations. ATMs are the most convenient source of cash but should be used only in banks or ATMs that act as the banks' branches.

ATM
ATM limits and fees. Some ATMs strictly limit withdrawals on foreign cards. You may be able to only get out around $2,000 Pesos (Sept 2016) per withdrawal with a limit of 2 withdrawals per day, so plan to visit the ATM often or hunt around for a more relaxed limit. Each bank has different rules, some accept your debit/credit card with higher withdrawal limits and others with lower limits or declining foreign cards. Most ATMs will have a $5-6 USD fee per withdrawal and will notify you before you attempt to complete the transaction. There are two different ATM systems in Argentina; Link and Banelco networks. As these are the only two ATM networks to be found in Buenos Aires, plan accordingly. ATMs use the official exchange rate, but keep in mind that a "dollar blue" (parallel rate) with a slightly more advantageous rate of exchange for USD exists and it is advantageous to simply bring a sum of US currency to avoid ATM fees and withdrawal limits. In April 2022, the blue exchange rate for USD was around 200 pesos per US$1.

Banking Fees
Fees for banking may be from both your bank and the Argentinian bank. Specific fee amounts depend on your bank and the ATM you use; most ATMs will charge foreign travelers around US$5-$7 per transaction, which will be added to your withdrawal amount. Sometimes the machines also dispense US Dollars for international bank cards that are members of the Cirrus and PLUS networks. Visitors from Brazil can find many Banco Itaú agencies all over the city.

Change
Change is no longer a problem in Buenos Aires, as almost everyone uses a rechargeable fare card, called a Sube, for bus fare as well as the subway. Before instituting fare cards there was a shortage of coins. You will still find, in smaller stores and kiosks, that people will round up or down if the amount is off by less than 20 cents from a peso. Coin values are 5, 10, 25, and 50 cents as well as 1 and 2 pesos.

Credit cards
Credit cards are very widely accepted in the city center and Recoleta, and it is not an issue to use a card for a small purchase such as lunch (though there will be a fee for using a card).

Credit cards are used less commonly in Argentina than in the USA or Europe. However, most tourist-oriented businesses accept credit cards, although sometimes with an additional handling fee to offset the fee that the merchants have to pay to the credit card networks.

When making purchases with your credit card, in many cases you will be required to show some ID. If you are a tourist, a photocopy of your passport will suffice (that saves you carrying your passport around). You will need to write down your passport number on the credit card slip when you sign it. Some stores also require a phone number.

Chip readers are beginning to appear in some large grocery chains, cafes, and restaurants, but are far from a certainty.

Souvenirs
* Alfajores. These traditional cakes/cookies, often containing dulce de leche, are delicious.
* Bottle of Malbec. Argentina is famous for its wine, and Malbec is the signature grape of the land. A fine quality Malbec can be had for 8-10 US Dollars per bottle and makes a fine gift. If you know nothing about wine, go to a liquor store and look for the same brands/years found in nice restaurants.
* Football Jersey. Football ('soccer' for Americans) is a huge part of Argentine culture, so it is normal to bring home a jersey to represent your time there. Shirts from River, Boca, or the Argentine National Team are always very popular and make great gifts.
* Handmade Ponchos. The Native Americans in Argentina wear ponchos made of handwoven materials, usually distinct from other regions of South America. Some are seasonal, many are considered unisex. A good deal can be found, especially on the outskirts of the city.
* Leather items. The cow is used totally here: meat, milk, sausages, and leather, all of high quality. You can find coats and other leather products on Murillo street though the quality of the goods here varies widely. The best place to find high-quality leather goods may be the malls and other major shopping streets.
* Mate. It is a sort of cup made from different materials, commonly from a desiccated vegetable core (a gourd), sometimes with silver or gold ornaments; it is used to drink mate, the most traditional social non-alcoholic beverage. The mate is drunk in , , , and southern .
* Other gaucho items. Traditional clothes, knives, etc.
* Tango Shoes. The zona de calzados is just past Diagonal Norte on Suipacha. You will see many shops grouped together that sell tango shoes. As with many things in Buenos Aires, shop around and make sure you are not getting the gringo price. Men can buy excellent hand-made leather shoes for around US$50. For those of you with time on your hands you can ask them to make you a pair. They will draw your foot on a piece of paper and you can design your own shoe for the same price. Do be aware that if they tell you that it will be ready in a week, that probably means about 10 days (or around 7 business days).

Shopping districts
* Florida Street and Lavalle Street. (from 500 up to 1000) are for pedestrians only and are the place to find the majority of tourist shops in . At the intersection of these two pedestrian streets, there is often some sort of interesting street performance going on, especially at night. 

* Palermo Viejo in has many shops that will appeal to young or artsy people (think New York's SoHo). Nearby is Murillo Street, a block full of leather houses.

* If you are looking for souvenirs of Argentine tradition for your family and friends back home, consider the Polo Shop at Argentina Polo Day where you will find all kinds of items: clothing to play polo, DVDs, and books about this sport, handcrafted accessories from the gaucho and polo culture, and many more.

Book stores
* Corrientes Avenue from the Obelisco (big obelisk at the intersection with 9 de Julio avenue) up to Callao Ave., you will find a lot of cheap bookstores with tons of books mostly in Spanish. They remain open as late as 3 AM, Monday to Monday.
* It has now become one of the top 5 most beautiful bookstores in the world It has a reasonable offering of books in English.
* Santa Fe Avenue offers not only lots and lots of clothes and book shops but also a nice atmosphere where you can walk along. You can start from the intersection of Santa Fe Avenue with 9 de Julio Avenue, and walk along Santa Fe up to the Alto Palermo Shopping (Av. Santa Fe 3253).

Markets and fairs
Saturdays and Sundays are great days for the outdoor markets, especially in the summer. 
* Palermo. Plaza Serrano in Palermo viejo comes alive in the afternoon with more artisan handiwork and freelance clothes designers. Another nearby Plaza (in Palermo viejo) between Malabia, Armenia, Costa Rica, and Nicaragua streets has stalls with items for sale. The Último Taller at Jorge L. Borges 1975 (between Soler and Nicaragua streets) sells funky candles and street address plates and markers; there are charming cats, and photos can be etched onto these plates as well. The shop is open Monday to Saturday 10AM-9PM;
* Recoleta. The Feria Recoleta (in Plaza Francia) is an assortment of all sorts of artisan products, from jewelry to shawls.
* San Fernando. Open on Saturdays 10:00-18:00, and Wednesdays 10:00-16:00. This is a market where you will be buying items directly from producers, with the condition that goods are produced with social and environmental ethics in mind. You'll find books, vegetables, handmade clothing, musical instruments, etc. If you plan to buy things, remember to bring your own bag. The market is located at San Fernando train station, in Madero and Rosario streets (between Sarmiento and 9 de Julio).
* San Isidro. Saturdays, Sundays, and Holidays, the "Feria de Anticuarios" at the train station of Barrancas has a nice atmosphere. It offers nearly 70 stands of antiques, from toys to books and stuff for your home. Check their website for pictures and more info.
* San Telmo. On Sundays, Plaza Dorrego in San Telmo offers tango and antique products. Defensa street from Chile to San Juan comes to life with live performers and vendors. The crowds are thick, so keep an eye on your possessions.

Eat
While the primary consumption of Argentinians is beef, there are other options in this cosmopolitan city. Italian food is pervasive but in neighborhoods like Palermo, pizza joints are seeing heavy competition from sushi, fusion, and even vegetarian bistros. Just about everything can be delivered - including fantastic, gourmet helado (ice cream).

Meat
You will want to try asado (beef/steak barbecue) at a parrilla, a restaurant specializing in roasted meats. There are expensive parrillas, and more simple and cost-effective ones. In either case, you will likely have some of the best meat you have ever tasted. The bife de lomo (tenderloin) is unbelievably tender.

As a matter of fact, the first regular refrigerator ships were the steamers Le Frigorifique and Paraguay, which carried frozen mutton from Argentina to France.

Jugoso means rare (literally "juicy"), however, the Argentine concept of rare is very different from that of someone from the States (perhaps it's a tourist thing, but an American ordering rare is likely to get something between medium well and hockey puck). Argentines cook their meat all the way through, and they can only get away with this method because the meat is so tender that cooking it well does not necessarily mean it's shoe leather.

For Westerners, don't be afraid to order "azul" ("blue"), you will not get a blue steak, more like an American Medium Rare. If you like your meat "bloody", or practically "still walking", it might pay to learn words like "sangre" ("blood"), or to make statements like "me gusta la sangre" ("I like the blood"). Don't be afraid to spend two minutes stressing about how rare you want your steak to your waiter - this is something no one talks about in guidebooks but every other American and Brit once you arrive will tell you the same thing: if you want it rare, you have to explain exactly how rare.

Only most old school parrillas (grills) don't offer at least one or two pasta dishes and pizza is everywhere.

Pizza
Italian and Spanish food are almost native here, as the cultural heritage heralds in great part from these two countries. Other popular meals are pizzas and empanadas (small pastries stuffed with a combination of cheese and meats). They are a popular home delivery or takeaway/takeout option.

Pizza is a strong tradition in Buenos Aires. It comes al molde (cooked in a pan, usually medium to the thick crust), a la piedra (baked in a stone oven, usually thin to medium crust), and a la parilla (cooked on a parilla grill, very thin, crispy crust). Best places: "Los Inmortales", "Las Cuartetas", "Guerrín", ·El Cuartito", "Banchero's", "Kentucky", "La Mezzetta" , "El Fortin".

* It has a delicious "Fugazzeta rellena" pizza. This restaurant can be packed with families and friends even at midnight.

* It also sells "Fugazzetta rellena" and is a very traditional place at which on Fridays you may find a queue that starts outside the restaurant.

Vegetarian

Vegan food is available at these restaurants:
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

Sweets
One incredible and typical Argentinian kind of "cookie", is the alfajor, which consists of two round sweet biscuits joined together with a sweet jam, generally dulce de leche (milk jam, akin to caramel), covered with chocolate, meringue or something similarly sweet.

Restaurant Guides 
Guía Óleo, a local restaurant guide, includes a listing and rating of almost every restaurant in the entire city (in Spanish). 

Service 
Do not expect service to be comparable to large cities in Europe or in the USA. Don't expect your waiter to take your drinks order when the menu is delivered and don't expect the menu to arrive very quickly. If you want service, attract the waiter's attention, s/he will never come over to take your empty plate, etc, unless they want to close.

Patience is the key. Argentinians are so accustomed to the relaxed service that they don't bother to complain directly to the waiter but only comment toward fellow Argentinians. Speak out to the waiters if you feel it is appropriate.

Many restaurants charge an extra called "cubierto" or "servicio de mesa" (table service), so don't be surprised if you see this item in your bill. Tips are NOT part of the "servicio de mesa" and should be added separately.

A 10% tip is usually perfectly fine, but it can be more or less than that if you consider the service was exceptionally good (or bad)

Budget
There are a lot of al paso (walk-through) places to eat; you eat standing up or on high stools at the bar. Meals vary from hot dogs (panchos), beef sausages (chorizos, or its sandwich version choripán), pizzas, milanesas (breaded fried cutlets), etc. Don't forget to indulge in the perennially popular mashed squash - it is delicious and often comes with rice and makes a full meal in itself. It is perfect for vegetarians and vegans to fill up on. 
If you like to eat cheap while enjoying the flair of one of the buildings of the huge university of Buenos Aires you should hop on Línea D (verde/green) at Faculdad de Medicina and enter the building of UBA - Ciencias Económicas. The student restaurant in the inner courtyard has a variety of very cheap breakfast and lunch offers. Vegetarian and vegan alternatives are available! It is possible that other faculties offer restaurants as well.

Mid-range
You can go to a huge variety of small restaurants, with cheap and generous servings, most notably the ones owned by Spanish and Italian immigrants. There are also many places that offer foreign meals, mostly Japanese, Chinese, Thai, Arabic, Spanish, and Italian.
* Go for a great pizza in a really noisy environment
* Great parrilla specializing in Northern Argentine found in Las Cañitas. The rooftop seating is a great environment. Don't expect to see many tourists here, just a lot of Porteños out for a three-hour weekend meal. Try the Humita (made with mashed corn, cheese, and spices) and Tamales (a sort of flour with minced beef) or anything off of the parrilla is great. Do not skip dessert.
* Several locations throughout the city, notably in Puerto Madero and Costanera, offers buffet-style asado, fresh off the grill and includes a well-stocked salad bar.

Splurge
The most expensive and luxurious restaurants are found in the zone, near downtown, heading to the River Plate. But the nicer places in terms of decoration, food, and personality are in .

Drink

The main area to go out to is Puerto Madero, close to Casa Rosada. Safe during the day and night, due the obvious reason (Casa Rosada). In the Recoleta area (close to the famous cemetery) there are also plenty of restaurants, bars and a cinema complex. This area used to be trendy but it is now mainly for tourists. Palermo SoHo and Palermo Hollywood are full of trendy stores, restaurants, and young and trendy bars. Palermo Las Cañitas is another nice area close to the Polo stadium. Also, San Telmo has a very bohemian, and very fun, nightlife scene. Buenos Aires has a popular cafe culture.

* It is ancient style and less modified but full of character.
* Very nice cafe just outside of the cemetery, shaded by an enormous rubber tree. In very ancient times, there was a saying: If you are not greeted at La Biela, you do not exist. When the bill comes, remember that the largest part of the cost was not the meal, but the right to show yourself there.

Night Life
Buenos Aires has a great variety of clubs and discos that are open until late hours (6AM or 7AM) and bars that stay open 24 hours a day. Have in mind that at closing times the streets will be swarmed with people trying to get home, so it isn't easy to get a taxi and public transportation will be very busy. 

Many of the clubs charge an entry fee to men (which includes a fee drink) and are free for females. 

Young teens are used to staying out and bypassing the little security, so be cautious when engaging girls in provocative clothing. They might try to hit off with foreigners as part of a dare with their friends. The famous Palermo Barrios (SoHo, Hollywood, Las Cañitas, or simply "PalVo") have many hip restaurants that turn into bars as it gets later.
* This experience allows visitors to enjoy the splendor of Argentinian polo and the field at night. Tourists witness a polo match played by professionals while enjoying authentic food from Argentina.
* A large nightclub located near the Palermo lakes. Known for its international DJs and electronic music.
* Free beer for girls M-F until 11PM and cheap prices all the time. Satellite quality feed on 10 large flat-screen TVs.

Sleep
You will be able to find a good selection of budget and mid-range options as well as more luxurious and expensive hotels. Accommodation is scattered around the city; some places to look include:
* - chic boutique hotels on the higher end.
* - an old port area that has been renovated and now hosts the best and most famous restaurants in town and multinational companies. Due to the fact that it is the most secure zone of Buenos Aires, lots of foreign travelers prefer to stay at hotels in Puerto Madero, such as the Hilton.
* - the fancy residential neighborhood is also home to the four-star and up crowd including the Park Hyatt.
* - budget hotels and hostels on the edge of downtown.

There are hundreds of apartments, ranging from economy to deluxe, and the prices are very good. As well as going through an agency, keep an eye and an ear out for individuals who rent their upscale apartments by the day, week, or month. Many times these apartments are three times the size of a hotel at half the price.

It is worth noting that there are many short-term rental agents in Buenos Aires (an online search will bring up most of them). However, the availability calendars can be misleading, since apartments are often advertised by multiple agents and the agents don't communicate with each other. Photos can also be misleading and street noise can ruin an otherwise beautiful apartment so do some research off and on the field before signing up. If you are flexible in the area it may be better to wait until you arrive before looking - it is also easier to negotiate discounts face-to-face.

Budget
There is an enormous number (more than 150) of hostels. In the more famous hostels, booking in advance might be necessary, but you'll always find a dorm bed if you need it. There are many budget hotels where you can get your own room. You will not find them advertised on the internet. They can be hard to find, but there are many. Walk down Avenida de Mayo near Café Tortoni. Start from Avenida 9 de Julio (the giant, wide one) and make your way toward the Plaza de Mayo. Look on the small side streets plus or minus two blocks and you will find many of these places.

NB: Unlike most South American cities, the better Buenos Aires hostels will be fully booked at weekends. You can always find something, but if you want a specific hostel, book in advance.
* New hostel with official government certification opened in 2008. Clean, comfortable, private, and shared rooms are available for short-term and long-term stays. Airport transportation (check schedules), WiFi, and breakfast are included in the price. Spanish classes and City Tours are also available.
* South America's first private hostel chain with hostels in different locations throughout South America, including Buenos Aires.
* Not to be confused with the Hispano! Rooms are nice but typically will not have air conditioning.
* Located in the renowned neighborhood of Vicente Lopez, this family house offers ample rooms and quality service in a quiet street just 20 minutes away from Buenos Aires.
* In a superior 19th Century building, Los Patios de Montserrat invites you to enjoy a true bed & breakfast experience in their prestigious new home. Just steps away from Avenida de Mayo in the historical center of Buenos Aires, you can relax in classic style with large entryways, private balconies, high ceilings, detailed moldings, original hardwood floors, and more at their always affordable rates. Free in-room Wi-Fi and complimentary breakfast are served every day.
* Backpackers' favorite right in the center. This huge hotel has internet facilities, and a shared kitchen; also organizes many tours as well as tango and Spanish lessons. Definitely a party place though and the atrium reverberates sound, making it very noisy and not an ideal place to sleep. Has a fingerprint door entry system and surveillance.
* Charming brick wall, ground floor unit with exposed cypress beam high ceilings, and Mexican terracotta-tile flooring. Rustic furnishings with South American indigenous art accents. Antique bathroom fixtures. Designed to provide the ultimate in privacy, blending rustic beauty with modern amenities for a truly comfortable experience while in Buenos Aires.
* The V&S Hostel Club is in a beautifully refurbished house whose history dates back to the 19th century. It is located in the heart of Buenos Aires and combines both the old with the new. The rates include daily maid service, luggage storage facilities, breakfast buffet style, sheets/blankets, individual bathrooms, and room heat and ceiling fans.
* If you're looking for a simple, clean, and affordable place, this is the one. Don't expect the services of a full hotel, it's much simpler but much, much better than a hostel, including private clean bathrooms. It's not far away from downtown, with easy bus, cab, or subtle (subway) access.

Mid-range
* The neighborhood is safe and has the Subte less than five minutes away. Internet terminal and free WiFi are available in the lobby. The staff is kind and helpful but the breakfast is only average.
* 
* Hotel with an excellent location, on a relatively quiet street in upscale Recoleta. Three blocks from the cemetery, and walking distance from several of the city's best museums. Very helpful staff.
* Hotel Babel is a smart boutique hotel set in a historic mansion in San Telmo, the bohemian colonial quarter of Buenos Aires.
* All rooms are equipped with desk, television, Wi-Fi, minibar, wake-up service, bathroom and safe. Some of its facilities and services are a bar, elevator, restaurant, gym, business center, medical assistance, laundry/dry cleaning, Wi-Fi, room service, 24-hour front desk, and safe.
* All rooms equipped with air-conditioning, TV with cable channels, work desk, and American breakfast. Some of its facilities and services are room service, bicycle rental, airport transfer, car rental, currency exchange, café and bar.
* 
* Hotel Niken is located in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It offers standard rooms, premium double rooms, executive suites, and master suites, all of which have a mini-bar, cable TV, and an Internet connection. Some of its amenities include a swimming pool, fitness room/gym, and beauty parlor.
* Surrounded by a nice and quiet atmosphere, historical cafés and buildings keeping their original facades. Every room is delicately decorated with style and a unique vanguard design. They are all equipped with a private bathroom, air conditioner, and a 32” LCD cable TV.
* Superior Double, Standard Quadruple and Superior Quadruple all equipped with fan, heater, television, and mini-bar. Facilities and services are a private beach area, an outdoor swimming pool, and water sports facilities.
* Small boutique hotel, complete with wheelchair access and a swimming pool at Paseo Colón 1145 in San Telmo. It is close to the market on Defensa and has friendly reception staff who help you with translations if you need them. Dinners served in its restaurant are priced the same as a normal parilla place but the food is up a notch. Free WiFi and computer in the lobby.
* Hotel for business travelers. All rooms are equipped with LCD TV with cable, mini-bar, business desk, and safe and have access to high-speed internet. The hotel has a business center and fitness center.

Splurge
There are also many suites-only hotels like the Broadway Suites which are very close to the Obelisk. The stylish and Bohemian Palermo Soho and Palermo Viejo neighborhoods are home to some of the trendiest small boutique hotels in Buenos Aires. These hotels offer the amenities of their larger international chain counterparts, plus a more personal style of service, often at a fraction of the cost. 
* The Hotel Nogaró Plaza de Mayo is in the historical, commercial and financial heart of Buenos Aires. It was originally built in 1930 and it has been recently renovated in keeping with its classic French style. Many of the city's major attractions are within 200 meters, and a ten-minute walk will bring guests to shopping areas and entertainment venues. The Hotel Nogaro Plaza de Mayo is convenient for business, as well as leisure travelers.
* The building, built in 1927 with a distinguished French style became a symbol of Buenos Aires architecture. Today the Hotel Continental is reborn under a new name and a modern and contemporary style.
* Hotel, with traditional and timely furnishings. It is considered the best and most luxurious in Buenos Aires, and one of the top destinations in South America.
* It offers 110 rooms comprised of 56 junior suites, 6 executive suites, 4 deluxe suites, 38 superior rooms, and 6 corner superior rooms. Some of its amenities include an outdoor swimming pool, LCD screen television with cable channels, and wireless high-speed internet connection. While staying here, you can visit some interesting places like Obelisco, Broadway Theater, and Puerto Madero.
* The place has not been kept up well. It's still a very convenient location.
* Designed by renowned architect Ernesto Goransky, this spectacular new 28 suite hotel with patio and plaza rooms, plaza and balcony suites, and balcony lofts.
* 
* Buffet breakfast, bar, and lobby lounge, dry cleaning and laundry, business center, gym, and bilingual personnel.
* Brand-hotel with lots of bars in the lobby and a pool at the front.
* Has a walled garden.
* Situated in Puerto Madero, the trendiest area in town. Just like the London dockland, Hilton Hotel in Buenos Aires is a short walk to the financial district, tourist attractions, more than 70 restaurants, and amazing nightlife, with quick access routes to both the domestic and international airports.
* Imperial Park Hotel provides standard rooms, junior and executive suites with air-conditioning, mini-bar, high-speed internet, and breakfast. Restaurant, fitness room, room service, and dry cleaning.
* Within walking distance from the financial and commercial centre.
* Hotel is situated in a restored Palacio (built-in 1934). The hotel is also home to the Ahin Spa, one of the leading spas in Buenos Aires.
* High end hotel with helpful staff. There is also a butler service. 
* 15 condominium units with A/C, kitchen and buffet breakfast. Terrace, conference room, travel agency, and airport transfer.
* Beautiful boutique hotel, fantastic location.

Stay safe
Buenos Aires, like many other South American cities, has always had a bad reputation for its safety. Many people think that Buenos Aires is a crime-ridden city where they are going to be robbed, kidnapped, and murdered. The truth is, though, that most visitors don't experience any problems while in the city. Buenos Aires is generally safe when compared to other large South American cities in crime, the main exception being Santiago in Chile, and Córdoba in Argentina (Montevideo used to be safer, but has recently been going through a surge in Crime). With some basic precautions, you will most likely have a safe and fun time in Buenos Aires. 

Pickpockets are a big problem in Buenos Aires as in any other big city around the world. Be very careful in crowded areas in downtown and in packed metro cars and buses. You must also be wary of people cruising past you on a skateboard or motorcycle and trying to grab anything they can from you (though that's not common). Always watch your belongings, have both straps of your bag tied to you, don't use your mobile phone outdoors for too long, and don't put it in your pockets inside public transport. Argentina is quite a cash-heavy economy and many restaurants, shops, and cafes don't accept credit cards. Carry only as much cash as you're going to need for the day and don't put it all in one place. Refrain from wearing expensive jewelry like watches, necklaces, and earrings, and don't show your camera too much. Be very vigilant when withdrawing cash from ATMs and if possible only use ATMs next to hotels or banks that have security. Don't count your money in public and NEVER leave ANYTHING unattended in tables or chairs in cafes and restaurants. Keep your luggage watched in the airport. 

Scammers are also something travelers should worry about. If you walk and tomato sauce, mustard, or even bird poop is accidentally thrown on you DON'T let them clean it. You will be robbed! There are also some scams in bars around the city. One scam works by enticing a traveler into a wiskeria (bar) with a flyer for a shopping discount or free show. Once inside, the traveler is not allowed to leave until they agree to pay an exorbitant amount for a drink. On the topic of bars and nightclubs don't leave your drink unattended and don't accept any drinks from "friendly" strangers; drink-spiking may not be as common in Buenos Aires as in other Latin American cities but it's always better to be on the safe side. 

Public Transport in Buenos Aires is generally safe. During the day you can easily take the metro or buses to move around (always watch out for pickpockets though). After dark, though, and especially after 10pm it's better to rely on private transport to move around as some metro stations become deserted and dangerous and so do some bus stops. Taxis are generally reliable but it's better not to hail one on the street, especially at night. Book them in advance and make sure they come and pick you up directly in front of your accommodation. Radio taxis have a clearly visible company logo on the rear passenger doors. Ridesharing apps (Uber, Cabify, Beat, and DiDi) are available in the whole city, and are generally the safest alternative, besides being relatively cheap compared with other cities. There is also a Government-approved app (BA Taxi) to book an official cab from your smartphone.

A general rule of thumb in Buenos Aires is: refrain from walking alone at night if there are no pedestrians around. This is true for the entire city even for the upscale Recoleta or Palermo areas (in fact, these areas are more dangerous than many non-touristy neighborhoods). It's best to go out in groups after 10-11pm and take a taxi to wherever you need to go. Avoid walking around the Constitucion, Once and Retiro train stations after dark, and don't enter public parks. 

Buenos Aires has suffered two huge terrorist attacks; In 1992 against the Embassy of Israel and in 1994 against the AMIA (Jewish Federation Building). Since then there are more controls on entering Jewish buildings. There are lists of Jewish tour guides that are authorized. In this case, you can, previous checking, visit synagogues, the Jewish institutions, and get into the local community sightseeing. This will be a private or small group visit done by the local community and coordinated with all the authorities at each institution.

Areas to be careful
There are some particular areas in Buenos Aires that have a higher (and in some cases much higher) crime rate than the rest of the city where tourists should either stay vigilant or avoid completely. Here's a list of these neighborhoods:
*La Boca - La Boca is a tourist hotspot with its colorful, traditional buildings, lively atmosphere, and pedestrian-friendly streets. But La Boca also hides a dangerous side: don't stray far from the touristy areas even during the day and don't go there after dark unless you really have to. It's also better to avoid La Boca when a football match is being held in the La Bombonera Arena; you will see many fanatics or drunk fans around.
*Downtown - The downtown is a huge and bustling area of Buenos Aires during a day full of tourists and locals alike. But you should always watch your belongings closely due to pickpockets roaming the streets. At nightstick to well-lit and populated areas and don't enter dark alleys, especially around the Congress where the area is quite seedy. In addition, refrain from walking through the Congressional Plaza as at night it's home to homeless people and sometimes drug addicts. 
*Constitucion and San Telmo - Constitucion and San Telmo are two areas on the southern end and are separated by 9 de Julio Avenue. Both areas are frequented by tourists during the day, especially San Telmo with its characteristic traditional buildings and beautiful market. But at night these areas have quite a bad reputation for violent crime. It's best to refrain from lingering in the streets for too long or take a taxi if you need to commute through here. Be especially careful around the Constitucion train station.
*South Buenos Aires - South Buenos Aires includes the areas of Barracas, Nueva Pompeya, Villa Soldati, and Villa Lugano. Parque Patricios and southern Flores. These areas are mostly home to middle or lower-middle-class neighborhoods and have the highest crime rate in the city.
*Villas Miserias - Villas Miserias are Buenos Aires' equivalent to the Brazilian favelas. Villas Miserias literally translates to miserable areas. DON'T enter these neighborhoods. Be especially careful of Villa 31 which is right next to the northern side of the Retiro train station; when you exit the train station always go south and exercise a lot of caution around the general area at night.

Emergency numbers
*General Emergencies Line - Toll free call 199
*24-hour Tourist Emergency Line - Toll free call 101 
*Emergency - Ambulance emergency service SAME (Immediate Health Emergency Service), Toll free call. 107
*Fire department - 100
*Tourist Police Station - As of August 2016, it is closed permanently. No one bothered to update the websites or even leave a note on the door of the building. You must go to a regular police station. Corrientes 436. 0800 999 5000 (toll-free)/4346 5748 (turista@policiafederal.gov.ar). Provides information in English, Italian, French, Portuguese, and Ukrainian.
*Tourist Ombudsman - Communicate with the Tourist Ombudsman, phone number: +54 (11) 4302 7816. To contact me personally, go to Ave. Pedro de Mendoza 1835 ("Benito Quinquela Martin" Museum) in the neighborhood of La Boca. From Monday to Sunday, from 10 AM to 6 PM.

Do note that there are no English-speaking operators unless you are lucky to get in contact with English-speaking operators. As many of its operators speak Spanish, this can be an issue if you're not fluent in Spanish.

Cope
Embassies
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* GPS=34°34'45.46"S, 58°23'59.41W
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

English language newspapers
*Argentimes is a free, fortnightly English-language paper aimed at the young traveler and expatriate market. It has information for tourists as well as economic, political, and environmental news. The current issue and some back issues are available for download in PDF format on the website.
*Argentina Independent the local English-language newspaper, is available online.
*Buenos Aires Herald the local English-language newspaper, is available online and at newsstands downtown. If you are in town for a few weeks, you can ask at your local newsstand and they can probably get a copy delivered to your home or hotel free of charge every morning.

Get out

* is located 56 kilometers south of Buenos Aires, La Plata is easily accessible with buses running from Retiro and various other points in the city multiple times per day; trains from Constitución are currently out of service. A medium-sized, student-centered city, La Plata is known for its array of plazas, its Central Park-like Bosque, and its vibrant music scene.
* San Isidro - an upscale neighborhood that consists of the old city zone, with colonial houses in front of the Río de la Plata, the area behind the famous Cathedral, whose gardens take over the tracks and lead to an open view of the river, as well as the areas around Plaza Mitre where time seems to have stopped. San Isidro is still the oldest and most traditional neighborhood in the area.
* Tigre is a town up the river delta where people can go shopping or take boats to go further upriver to explore the habitat, with a quaint amusement park, a great crafts fair on the weekends (called Mercado de Frutos) selling handmade goods, a multi-storied casino, and a beautiful river to walk along. A popular choice is to take a boat ride through the Paraná Delta, ideal on a sunny day. It is an easy 45-minute train ride from the Retiro train station in the northeast of Buenos Aires. There are many tours that go to Tigre, and it's a great place to get out of the city for a day and get some fresh air. The most popular day to go is Sunday, but there are things to do all week long. Some of the boat tours take you the restaurants with pools and beaches inside the Delta.