The archaeological site of Delphi is an UNESCO World Heritage site near the modern village of the same name in . In ancient times it was the site of the most important oracle of the god Apollo. Delphi was revered throughout the Greek world as the site of the ομφαλός (omphalos) stone, the centre of the universe. In the inner ἑστία (hestia), or hearth, of the Temple of Delphic Apollo, an άσβεστος φλόγα (eternal flame) burned. After the battle of Plataea, the Greek cities extinguished their fires and brought new fire from the hearth of Greece, at Delphi; in the foundation stories of several Greek colonies, the founding colonists were first dedicated at Delphi.

Understand
 
Get in

From Athens by Bus

There are several companies offering day trips from to Delphi, prices varying from €80 to €100. To save money, you can easily organise your own day trip utilising Athens long distance buses. The journey takes about 3 hours. One-way fare: €16,40 (no discount for return ticket). Seats are numbered.

Buses leave several times a day from Bus Terminal B. Finding this terminal is a bit tricky, as it is not on a main road and local buses do not stop there. As shown on this map, you can take a bus to Liosion Street and get out around number 260. Then walk to parallel street Agiou Dimitriou Oplon. Use Google Maps Public Transport to find buses to 260 Liosion St. See also Athens Guide: Bus Terminal B.

It is recommended to buy bus (return) tickets to Delphi the day in advance, to be sure they are not sold out, as well as to familiarize yourself with the directions to the bus terminal.

Daily times to Delphi from Athens are: 07:30, 10:30, 13:00, 15:30, 17:30, 20:00
Return: 05:30, 09:00 (not on Sunday), 11:00, 13:30, 16:00, 18:00
Times may change.

From Athens by Car
Delphi is an easily-doable day trip by car from Athens. The drive is very picturesque.

Depending traffic, the one-way trip can take between 2.5 to 4.0 hours. There are a couple toll roads on the way. The toll stations should generally accept credit cards, but be sure to have cash in case they do not. During the warmer summer months, road conditions and visibility can be excellent. However, use caution during the colder winter months or during any rainy season. Also, the roads appeared to have multiple automated speed sensors. Be sure to drive carefully and obey all traffic laws. 

From other cities
While the bus to/from Athens (and every city included on the route) is direct; for/from all other destinations, you have to take a bus to the close city of and then wait for the Delphi shuttle. (The wait is not long in season)

Get around
Delphi is small enough that walking is really the only means of transportation required. The museum and archaeological site are both in walking distance from the town. Taxis however are readily available.

See

*Sanctuary of Apollo

The ruin of the 2,500-year-old Temple to Apollo is Delphi's central attraction. The site was considered the centre of the ancient world, and received Greek visitors from Solon to Alexander - and foreigners such as King Midas - seeking counsel from the famous Oracle there. The Oracle - a priestess channeling Apollo - was, according to Carl Jung, the most influential feminine voice in the ancient world.

The staff at the site are not very knowledgeable, and will often give wrong information when asked - so if you want to learn from this site you would need to bone up yourself in advance.

*Sanctuary of Athena with the Tholos

Do
The region of Delphi is typically Greek countryside: mountainous, with narrow roads. It's nice for hiking and cycling, especially in spring and fall as summer is really hot. Some hostels rent bikes.

* 

* 

* 

Buy
There is a lot of touristic stuff to buy.

Eat
Many cafés and restaurants are located on the valley side of the main street (Pavlou friderikis str.), and therefore offer a stunning view over this valley. Expect prices of the meals and drinks to be ~15-25% higher than in other Greek cities, very touristic landmarks (such as Plaka-Monastiraki area, in Athens). You'll find traditional Greek cuisine, Italian as well and occasionnally, sea food. Note some restaurants are closed in the evening, even in season.

Drink

Sleep
*Arion Hotel, 
*A *** hotel, told to be the oldest in Delphi. The plus are a friendly and helpful international staff, and if you visit Delphi in summer, the air-con and the swimming pool are great assets. The large terrace over the Corinthian gulf is enjoyable as well. Free Wifi.
*Fedriades Delphi Hotel is situated in the heart of the city of Delphi only 8 km from Arachova and 28 km from Galaxidi and is one of the top Delphi Hotels, but that is not saying much, since most are very run down. A few of the rooms overlook the magnificent view of the Corinthian Gulf and the olive groves of Itea, however you will probably not be lucky enough to get one of these rooms.
*800 meters from the archaeological site. It's a very nice modern hotel with a magnificent view of the city of Itea and the Corinthian gulf.
*An excellent and well-run budget hotel just up the hill from the main town. Very clean rooms, with doubles available to single travellers for 20 Euros, with bathroom. Has wireless internet. Breakfast available for extra 5€. 
*Parnassos Hotel is the ideal place to stay all year round at Delphi, just 8 km from Arachova and 28 km from Galaxidi.

Stay safe

Get out

Visit the nearby Arachova villages and also Mountain during the winter season for skiing.
* is the closest hub from Delphi. Nothing remarkable yet there, but the harbor and the beaches are enjoyable for a break if you plan to spend several days in Delphi. A shuttle between the 2 cities, along the bus from Athens, make it easy to reach. (15-20 minutes ride)
* is a seaside traditional Greek town about 40 minutes away, told to be "like an island", reachable by car or bus from