Dharan is a city in , eastern .

Understand
It is a very beautiful city. It is famous for temples, scenery and cleanliness.It is also famous for various street food and also Churpi. 
The city is located in the foothills of Mahabharat range and has a population around 110,000. The population mainly consists of Mongolian origin; Rai, Limbu, Newar, Tamang, Gurung and Magar.

By Gone: Ropeway and Railway
Under the clause 3 (iv) of Agreement on the Koshi Project between Nepal and India which was signed by Mahabir Shumsher and Gulzarilal Nanda on April 25, 1954 in Kathmandu, the Nepalese Government permitted to quarry construction materials (boulders) required for the Project from deposits site in Dharan and Chatra. Acordingly, the rail tracks were laid down to link Dharan and Chatra to Bhimnagar to transport boulders required for the construction of Koshi Barrage that was started in 1958 and completed in 1962. The rocks were transported to Ghopa, Railway Line for stock piles by ropeway from the quarry site at Phusre. Retention walls built to haul these materials on train wagons at Ghopa still stands but in a ruined stage. In fact, the place is now called “Reeting” probably a derivative term for “Retention”. The train was still running in the late 60’s (or was it early 70’s). However, one cannot believe that Dharan and Chartra were once linked with railways to Bhimnagar since there isn’t any sign of steel rails or sleepers expect some culverts or masonry works in few places. Nevertheless, one can find few steel rails now erected as electricity poles at Chartra apart from an overhead water tank that used to fill trains in early days.

Get in
By bus or micro-van from or . Bus fare is 130-160 Rs, from Kakarvitta to Dharan and it is only 40 Rs. from Biratnagar to Dharan. 
From , Dharan is only 20 minutes bus journey and Itahari is well connected to all the other cities of Nepal. So anybody can come to Itahari and then take a micro van or bus to Dharan.
Kakarvitta and Biratnagar both are on India-Nepal border and both are well connected to other major cities from Indian side.
There are direct long distance bus routes from Kathmandu and Pokhara (fare is around 600 Rs. for both the cities).

From Kathmandu, Volvo buses leave everyday at around 3:30 pm from Swayambhu bus park, adjacent to the Swayambhunath Temple (or monkey temple), arriving in Dharan the following morning. Tickets for this trip costs around 1100 Rs. It is suggested to go the bus park at least one day in advance to book a ticket, or to book in advance through an agency.

Bus tickets can also be bought online via Pombai.

Get around
The main bus terminus is situated at Bhanu Chowk, near the clock tower. All the long distance buses and city bus/micro-vans/tempos start from this point. Bhanu Chowk is the city centre.

See

*Temples like Dantakali, Budhasubba, Pindeshwori and Bishnu Paduka are the shrines you shouldn't miss out. Budhasubba is famous for bamboos that don't have shoots and no crow flies around. Lovers srcipt their names on these bamboos believing that they will have a long lasting and inseparable relationship.
*B.P.Koirala Institute of Health Sciences, Dharan is one of the best medical colleges in Nepal. You will find the layout of institute which is streched on more than 250 acres in area, superb since it was initially a base for British Gurkha Recruitment Centre until 1989.

Do
*While you are in Dharan do not miss rafting from Tamor River to Koshi. One can fly from Bhedetar to Dharan by paragliding. 
*One can also visit Dandabazaar and Dhwaje danda for scenic view of Himalayan range and a beautiful sunrise. This village has homestay and there anybody can feel home away home. From Dandabazaar to Rajarani to 6 no. Budhabare and Panchthar to Ilam at the most. 

*Bhedetar (Sheep's Butte) is a beautiful hillside only about 15 km (and straight up) from Dharan. It marks the end of the Tarai (plains) and the beginning of the foothills of the Himalayas. There are a number of lodges along the way providing a nice view down to the south.

*You can view the scenic beauty of Dharan from Charles Point Bhedetar. You can visit many greenery parks like the Hariyali Park, Yalambar Park and Saptarangi park. You can see many wild animals wondering around in these parks.

*Paragliding is one of the most adventurous expedition that you wouldn't want to miss.

Buy
You can find a large number of shopping outlets in and around Bhanu Chowk where you can choose the right things you are looking for and at the same time you can compare the prices. If you don't have time and wish to buy all the things in one place, you can try many supermarkets but Bhatbhateni Supermarket located in putali line is the most famous among others.

Eat
If you are a foodie, you will never regret about trying spicy chatpatey, aalunimki, eggroll, etc. from street vendors to Nepali, Indian, Tibetan, Chinese, Continental, Korean cuisines in restaurants. If you like to have traditional Newari Cuisine you can have it in Samye Chan located in putali line, Korean restuarant Hangkook has been the popular among locals recently, for Sekuwa (barbequed chikcen wings, thighs, pork ) you can have it in bars or restuarants located in Bagarkot, if you want to have some coffee and cakes you can't miss Kamana Bakery and Cafe (few steps from bhanu chowk) and much more. In short, dharan is a typical place where you can more varieties of food.

Drink
*Tongba, a local alcoholic breverage, brewed from indigenous millet, is a famous drink of Dharan. You can try it in every restuarant of Dharan. Jammy's Bubble Tea and Nectar Juice are some places you can find juices, shakes and many more. It is located on putali line infront of Bhatbhateni Supermarket.

Sleep
There are many lodges in Bhanu Chowk, but I would like to recommend for the lodges in Bhedetar. You can have the most beautiful scenic view morning or even view of Mt. Kanchenjunga (8,586 m.) on mid October to November. You can also have camping on Chindey Danda for awesome night view of Dharan or city lights.

Get out
There are bus routes to Basantpur, Hille and Dhankuta.
Kathmandu and Pokhra require overnight journey by bus.