Erzurum is a city in , and is the hub for visiting eastern .

Understand

Erzurum is the highest major city (population: 360,000 according to 2000 census) and Kurdish people or the Kurds are the majority, situated at an altitude of about 2000 metres over the sea level (1757 m, to be precise). Complemented with the distance to the sea, this makes the climate of this area the harshest in Turkey with the temperatures in long, heavily snowy, and bitterly cold winter. Wet summers in Erzurum are around 30&deg;C in the day time and is chilly at night time, although temperatures dropping down to freezing point during summer are becoming rarer and rarer each year, probably with the advance of the global warming.

The city hosted the international 2011 Winter Universiade (“university olympic games”) 

Get in

By train

Direct trains (the Doğu Express) run daily from to Erzurum, departing at 6 pm and arriving 20 hours later around 2 pm. There are couchettes, a sleeping car and a buffet. The main stops along the route are , , and : for details see Turkish railways website at tcdd.gov.tr. 

The Erzurum train station is located near the town centre and allows for accessing the city easily on foot or by public transport.

By plane

*Erzurum Airport 10 km from city center.

Daily flight from (by Onur Air, Turkish Airlines, and Pegasus) and direct flights from , , and .

In winter, there are also flights from , and .

By Bus

Most bus companies stop at the Erzurum Otogar, which is about 5 km west of main city centre. It is not walking distance to town. Public buses and taxis run to and from the Otogar. 

Buses to Hopa (close to the border with Georgia) take about 3-4hrs and cost around 60LT.

Buses from Trabzon are available (4.5hrs and 30LT, 25 if you don’t look like a tourist and don’t speak much english).

Get around

Erzurum is a pretty small city, and you can cover most of it by foot, unless you are thinking of heading out and around the city, in which case, most public buses and taxis will be able to get you there.

See

Citadel of Erzurum - The Citadel of Erzurum is situated on the top of the hill in the middle of the city centre. The YTL 3 admission fee allows you to explore the grounds as well as to climb up the minaret/clock tower, as well as visit the citadel masjid. It's worth the effort to climb up the clock tower as it gives you a commanding view of the city as well as the surrounding mountains. However in October 2013 the tower was closed to visitors and there's nothing else to see to make it worth the admission.

Do

*Ski in Palandöken ski resort, which is only 10 minutes away from city centre by public bus. Take G-5, it's going close to Palandöken (2000m walk up the hill) on weekdays and directly to the ski area on weekends. A Taxi is about 20-25 TL. Each hotel (there are around 3) has its own lifts and slopes. There's no connected big ski area. Skipasses are valid only for each hotel and its lifts. Price of a day pass is around 30 - 35 TL. Renaissance Hotel has ski and wardrobe for rent, ask for student discounts! Price for ski around 30 TL, Snowboard around 40 TL. Wardrobe: 15 TL per piece. (January 2014)

February 2015: Grand Erzurum complex has united some of the lifts and services; day pass is 35 TL (you can go almost to the top, the longest run is about 7 km), rentals are 25/day.

*In summer you can hike up to the top of Palandöken (3,150 m.a.s.l.) for fantastic views. There is a road (first paved up to some of the hotels, then a dirt road) up to the very top, but it is possible to take shortcuts when hiking. There are no marked trails, but the directions are clearly visible. It is good to start early to allow time to enjoy the views.

Buy

*Oltutaşı (Oltu stone in Turkish) — This is a kind of amber which is extracted only in Oltu, a town near Erzurum. It is mostly chipped into jewelry, with different levels of quality and correspondingly different levels of prices. Look around in Erzurum. Taşhan is the best place to shop for Oltutaşı and it is also an interesting traditional building.

*Silver — In jewelry shops in the center or on Taşmağazalar street, fancy authentic silver jewelry can be found.

Eat

Stockbreeding is widespread in the region, and there is little chance to cultivate vegetables and fruits in this high and cold land. Therefore traditional food is mainly dependent on meat.

The city is also known for different types of local cheese that is hard to find elsewhere in Turkey.

Kadayıf dolması A must-taste local dessert of Erzurum cuisine. It is made from kadayıf, a sweet pastry that is lots of thin fibres of flour put together. Walnuts are stuffed in the kadayıf and the stuffed kadayıf is first fried, then cooled and finally ready to serve with addition of a sweet sauce. It may be sampled in virtually every restaurant in Erzurum, but some of the best can be tried in a specialist restaurant, Muammer Usta 

Döner Typical Turkish döner is really made well and should be tasted in Hacı Baba Restaurant on Emniyet Caddesi. 

Cağ kebap local kebab of Erzurum, that you can have in Gelgor Restaurant or Ye Gör restaurant. It is made with lamb meat and the preperation is like döner, but unlike döner, instead of a vertical axis, the meat is cooked on a horizontal axis.

Güzelyurt Restaurant A very nice old restaurant right in the city center on Cumhuriyet Caddesi. You can have a good Turkish meal with some Turkish raki and enjoy the atmosphere. 

Hmmburger — A very tiny small hamburger place. Hamburgers are really delicious.

Coffeebox — A local coffeeshop, with various pasta options and nice coffees.

Drink

Sleep
*

*. Four stars hotel. 220 rooms. TV satellite. +90 442 232 00 10

*Fantastic, sparkling rooms for this price. Complete with satellite TV (only Al-Jazeera in English), large bathroom and free WiFi.

* Rooms seemed a bit more cosy than in the Yeni Cinar Hotel. Private bathroom and free WiFi.

* Small room without private bathroom. Free WiFi.

*On the road to the Yeni Cinar Otel. Very helpful and friendly non-english speaking staff. 

Contact

The area code of Erzurum is 442. Dial +90 442 when calling from out of Turkey.

Cope
Stay Safe
Avoid eating or smoking publicly during ramadan. There are reported cases of harassments and attacks by the locals. 

Consulates

Get out

* , (bus 20TL, 3 hours, October 2013), , , and are nearby and further eastward destinations. Buses run by Star Ağrı Doğubeyazıt heading for (25 TL, 4 hrs) depart daily at noon, 3PM, and 5PM on weekdays and at noon, and 3PM in weekends.

* If the Seljuk sights in Erzurum did not satisfy you sufficiently, you may try with its on your way to west. Two daily trains from Erzurum call at town's station.

* Buses to Diyarbaikir take 6 and some odd hrs (from 50TL tourist price you can bargain down to 35TL) 

* Ilica (small town nearby, 20 minutes by public B1 bus) has excellent renovated thermal SPA complex (hamam plus saunas), admission to common area is 8-12 TL, private rooms may be provided as well, but they may ask for marriage certificate for couples.