Friedrichshafen is located at the northeastern corner of (Bodensee), near the lake's widest point in the German federal-state of . 

Understand
This mostly modern city was almost completely rebuilt after the bombing of World War II. It has one of the longest waterfront promenades of any town along the lake. It also has a nice view of Austria and Switzerland and the alps across the lake on a clear day. In addition, the town's other highlights are three interesting museums and the dome-capped Schlosskirche, the premier remaining reminder of Friedrichshafen's baroque past.

Get in

By plane
Friedrichshafen's small international airport () with direct flights from , , , , . From the airport's train station (Friedrichshafen Flughafen), there are regular commuter trains to Friedrichshafen (or in the opposite direction to Ravensburg and an hourly service to Ulm). A cab from the airport to downtown will cost between € 10-15, depending on where you go.

You could also consider flying to Zurich/Switzerland and take one of the hourly trains to Romanshorn and take the ferry over the Lake of Constance. Since the last ferry in the offseason period leaves around 19:30h this is not an option for late arrivals.

Another option is to fly to Allgäu Airport Memmingen () and take the train from to Friedrichshafen. The train ride takes between 2 and 3 hours.

By train

There is a regular train service from Stuttgart and Ulm to Friedrichshafen. Another train line runs along the Lake of Constance (though mainly inland and not very scenic) from Lindau via Friedrichshafen to Radolfzell, Schafhausen and Bale. The main train station is called Friedrichshafen Stadt, but there is also a small train station very close to the ferry terminal called Friedrichshafen Hafen. Both train stations are within walking distance of the city center. In the summertime, the trains to and from Friedrichshafen might be crowded with groups of cyclists (making the long-distance travel to the lake on the train).

By bus

Flixbus offer frequent services to Munich from €8, with Zurich and Berlin, also served directly. Travel times to Munich are shorter by bus than train and don't involve a connection. 

By car

22km (14 miles) West of , 20km (12 miles) South of 

By ferry

A 45-minute car ferry service links Friedrichshafen to Romanshorn, Switzerland. From there, you can board express trains to Swiss cities like , , and . Fares start at €9.20 one way and €17.10 return on foot. Sailings are from around 6am till 8pm and depart hourly, with variations throughout the year.

A 50-minute catamaran service (pedestrians and cyclists only) links Friedrichshafen and . Standard adult fares are €10.50 one way, €21 on return, with discounts at off-peak times of the year. Sailings are hourly from around 6am till 7pm. You can then enter Switzerland from . Speedboat Website

Get around

The town of Friedrichshafen covers a fairly large area along the lakeside and the hinterland. There is public transportation, esp. a fairly priced night-bus system, but the best way to get around is by bike or car. During the high season in summer, roads can get quite crowded and traffic jams getting in and out of Friedrichshafen are frequent. In particular on the B31 (Lindau-Friedrichshafen-Immenstaad-Hagnau-Meersburg-Überlingen).

There are plenty of opportunities to rent bikes in Friedrichshafen.

See

*Dornier Museum Everybody can be a pioneer – this is the central message of the Dornier Museum Friedrichshafen. Situated next to Friedrichshafen airport, the museum opened in the summer of 2009, offering 100 years of aviation and aerospace history as a fascinating experience. The extraordinary architecture accommodates almost 400 exhibits on 5000 sqm, including 12 original aircraft, 7 exhibits from space travel and a full-size model. Pioneering spirit at your fingertips – for all those who are interested in technology and history, for families as well as all friends of aviation. There is a joint Dornier & Zepplin Museum entrance ticket for EUR 16.50. From the city center, you can walk here in around 45 minutes, or take the 18 bus or the DB bus (EUR 2.10 for a single).

*Schulmuseum At the Schulmuseum Friedrichshafen(school museum) it´s like going back to school. During your visit, you will find out how schools developed and what classrooms looked like in 1850, 1900, and 1930. Historic teaching materials and quaint exhibits like old slate pencil boxes, satchels, and the big cardboard cones filled with sweets and little presents received on the first day of school, bring back fond memories of long-gone schooldays. On the two-seater school bench, you can try out writing on slates. Negative aspects of former school life are represented too, for example how discipline and obedience were enforced on pupils by caning, shaming them on a wooden donkey or making them kneel on a three-sided piece of wood.

*Zeppelin Museum Situated in the historic harbor station building this museum presents the world‘s largest collection on the subject of airship history, construction, and travel. Under the same roof, you can visit an important collection of art dating from the late Middle Ages to the present day. The main attraction is the 33m long reconstruction of part of LZ 129 Hindenburg in its original size, which visitors can board just as the original passengers did in the 30s. The authentically fitted passenger rooms give an impression of how people traveled during the period of the “silver giants”. Two entire stories of the Zeppelin Museum are dedicated to different aspects of Zeppelin history and technology. In addition to the permanent exhibition, the museum organizes special events and temporary exhibitions.

*Schlosskirche The Schlosskirche (palace church) with its two 55 m high domed towers made from Rorschach sandstone is the landmark of Friedrichshafen. It was built by Christian Thumb from 1695 to 1701 and belongs to the famous Upper Swabian baroque buildings. Since 1812 it has been a protestant church. In 1944 it was partly destroyed by air raids, reconstructed from 1947 to 1951, and then given back to the protestant community.

Do

* Cycling - Rent a bike or bring your own and cycle along the lake to Meersburg (in the west) or Lindau (in the east). It is also fairly popular to do a tour around the entire lake in one (sportive with shortcuts), two (reasonable), or three or more leisure days.

* Canoeing - There are probably more scenic locations along the lake where you can do canoeing, but there is a canoe rental in Friedrichshafen and they also organize tours on one of the small tributaries into the Lake of Constance. Canoe rental

* Climbing - Besides an indoor climbing facility by the DAV (Deutscher Alpenverein)for its members and affiliates see website for details, there is a "adventure park" in nearby Immenstaad (about 12km from Friedrichshafen) that is more geared to families, children or groups on a team-building exercise.

* You can board the Zeppelin airship and get a bird's eye view of the lake and the surrounding area, depending on the tour. Tours last between 30 minutes and 2 hours.

Buy
Bodensee Center Friedrichshafen (shopping mall)

Eat
*Lukullum
*Restaurant in the Zeppelinmuseum
*Bangkok am See
*Zum Spital Keller
...

Drink
Cafebar Belushi

Sleep

Whether you're planning a weekend off, taking part in an event in the international exhibition center, or looking for the ideal campsite for your holiday - here you'll find all you need to know. The Tourist-Information also offers the opportunity of booking online for your trip to Friedrichshafen. 

*Pension Wurster, Georgstr. 14, 88046 Friedrichshafen, +49 7541 72694 (PensionWursterFN@t-online.de, fax: +49 7541 33970). A pleasant, well-kept place that's just a short walk away from downtown Friedrichshafen. A double room with a shower, WC and TV costs € 50.

* Graf-Zeppelin-Jugendherberge Friedrichshafen (Youth Hostel), Lindauer Str. 3, 88046 Friedrichshafen, +49 7541 72404. 

Get out
* 
*