The Galapagos Islands are a small archipelago of islands and part of in the eastern . The islands are quite remote and isolated, lying some 1000 km (620 miles) west of the South American continent. The Galapagos archipelago consists of 13 main islands and 6 smaller islets, a total land mass of about 7900 sq km (4900 sq ml).

The Galapagos National Park comprises about 97% percent of the land mass of the islands. Less than 1% of the islands is permanently inhabited and another roughly 3% is privately owned land mostly inherited by the descendants of subsistence farmers that first permanently settled the islands during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

40 nautical miles of shore extends the Galapagos Marine Reserve which covers some 138000 sq km (85800 sq ml) a world renown safe haven for a myriad of endemic and native marine organisms protected from industrial fishing.

Understand
 

The Galápagos archipelago is world-renowned for its unique and fearless - much of which was inspiration for Charles Darwin's Theory of Natural Selection. The islands are therefore very popular amongst natural historians, both professional and amateur. Giant tortoises, sea lions, penguins, marine iguanas and different bird species can all be seen and approached. The landscape of the islands is relatively barren and volcanic, but beautiful nonetheless. The highest mountain amongst the islands is Volcán Wolf on Isla Isabela, 1707 m (5600ft) high.

The Galápagos were claimed by newly-independent in 1832, a mere three years before Darwin's visit on the Beagle. During the 19th and early 20th centuries, the islands were inhabited by very few settlers and were used as a penal colony, the last closing in 1959 when the islands were declared a national park. The Galapagos were subsequently listed as a in 1978.

Strict controls on tourist access are maintained in an effort to protect the natural habitats and all visitors must be accompanied by a national park-certified naturalist tour guide.

Climate

The Galapagos Islands have a highly variable climate, as does 's mainland. 
There are two seasons in the archipelago: 

The hot season (December to June) is when humidity is high and average temperatures are in the 80's °F (26-30 °C). There may be occasional showers, but the days are generally warm and sunny. Vegetation is blossoming during this time, turning the islands a vivid shade of green and increasing wildlife activity on land. Seas are generally calm and warmer than the second half of the year.

The dry season (June to December) sees cooler winds and currents, occasionally bringing with them a light misty-type drizzle called "garúa." Temperatures average in the 70's °F (20-24 °C) during the day and may get even cooler at night. The islands become rather arid during this time, but sea creatures are bustling more than ever with the arrival of nutrient-rich currents and upwellings. Winds can occasionally cause choppy seas, especially out in open water between the islands. 

Each month brings unique climate variations and wildlife viewing opportunities, but the most important thing to remember is that the Galapagos Islands are a year-round destination. No matter when you choose to go, there will always be something to see. 

Peak season for cruise tours is typically December and the summer months of June, July and August. February to May and September to November are typically regarded as low season. For divers peak season is from July - November when whale sharks can be found at Wolf & Darwin.

The Islands
,]]

* (airport and military outpost, not permanently inhabited)
*
* & 
*
*
* (permanently inhabited)
*
* (small airfield, permanently inhabited)
*
* North Seymour
*
*
*
* (airport, permanently inhabited)
* (permanently inhabited)
*
*
*

Towns

*
*
*
* Puerto Velasco Ibarra

Get in

Visiting the Galapagos is not cheap, owing to travel restrictions and the remote nature of the archipelago. The only way to get in the islands from the main land is by plane from or airports. Flights travel to the Galapagos in the morning and return in the afternoon, typically requiring a forced overnight on the continent in each direction.

By plane

 Island (on the right) and the (on the left), the Itabaca Channel is the waterway in the middle where water taxis take people in between and to waiting boats off shore waiting for multi day cruises.]]

Flights to the Galapagos are relatively easy to arrange and depart from (UIO) and (GYE) on a daily basis to (SCY) and (GPS). At the airport is 1 kilometer from the center of the capital of the Galapagos Province. is about two hours by public transport from , the largest town of the Galapagos, on the central island of Santa Cruz.

AVIANCA and LATAM operate flights to the Galapagos. The price varies a bit between companies, for foreigners around $457 from in low season / $505-$512 in high season (July, August and December) and less from , $419 low season to $522 in high season. There is a 13% discount on TAME flights and a 20% discount on AVIANCA flights if you have an ISIC student card. 

Note: In the case of Galapagos cruise tours, visitors can opt to have their airfare included in the price of their tour package, sometimes even for a considerable discount. Booking your flight directly with a reputable tour operator also guarantees that your cruise won't depart without you (in the event that your flight gets delayed, etc.), as is policy.

It's not possible to buy a one way ticket without proof of transportation from the islands. It's easy however to change the date of your return ticket or to switch your departure to another island.

Step by step procedures at NEW Quito airport (Mariscal Sucre International Airport in Tababela)

Procedure for flying from NEW Quito airport to Galapagos (as of April 2014):

1. Begin at the domestic ("nacional") terminal. Go to the far end of the domestic terminal.

2. Next to some ticket ("boleto") booths (TAME, LAN etc.) there is a booth where you obtain your $20 INGALA Transit Control Card. After you buy your $20 INGALA card, look for a smaller door to your immediate right. A pre-registry is needed in 

3. Go through the smaller door and have your bags checked for banned agricultural products. They basically scan your bags. You need to do this before checking in and getting your tickets in Step 4.

NOTE: There is a separate $100 park entrance fee to pay when you land in Galapagos. Make sure you have cash for that as they will not accept Visa. Be aware that when booking your cruise or journey to Galapagos with certain tour operators, you can often have this fee, as well as the INGALA, included and paid for as part of your tour. 

4. Now you proceed to the ticket counter and do the typical ticket counter things.

5. Then go through security opposite the ticket counter. They are only looking for metal. So you don't need to take off your shoes (unless they contain metal), remove your computer from your bag, or empty your water bottle.

By private boat

Special arrangements have to be made if traveling to the islands aboard a private yacht. Arrival preparations have to be made 60 days prior under the representation of a local agent. Customs can be cleared in Puerto Baquerizo Moreno and Puerto Ayora, although private boats can arrive into any of the 5 ports in Galapagos while in transit and remain at that port for a maximum of 21 days. Yachts wishing to visit more than one site or cruise the islands may do so but only by special permit from the national park and by working with a licensed yacht agency.

There are cargo boats that travel to the Galapagos each week. However these boats are not allowed to take travelers on board.

Get around
By boat
By far the cheapest way to travel between towns is by boat.

Many small companies with offices in every larger town operate small speed boats (apx. 25 passengers) every morning and afternoon to and from in island and in island, and to and from in island and in . Note that there is no regular direct boat service between San Cristobal Island and Isabela Island.

There is no regular public service to island even though some companies will offer some transportation to and from seasonally from Santa Cruz Island.

During the dry season (May-December) the two to two and a half hour boat ride can be particularly rough due to choppier seas, this in combination with the high speed of the boats (~20kts) makes trying moving around in the boat unadvisable or impossible since most boats have barely enough space for all passengers to sit down (take sea sickness medication half an hour before embarking if needed).
Most boats offer only partial sun cover so dress accordingly, pre-apply sun cream and bring plenty of water as the small plastic water bottle that you get handed over half way through the trip might not be enough.

Inter island transportation is a government sponsored oligopoly and so all one-way tickets cost $30 independent of which company you buy from. Beware these small boats are about 10 feet by 30 feet and sea swells are larger on the open water. Dangerous tilting of small vessels with 25+ people crammed in at high speeds and insufficient life vests on board make this the most dangerous experience on the Galápagos Islands. Do not trust travel agencies when they tell you it will be a large boat with airplane row seats. You will end up on the very small vessel no matter when you arrive at the pier. Extremely dangerous situation that pier officials ignore will cause fatalities at some point. 

As you embark and disembark via aquatic taxi you might be required to pay an extra $0.50 to $1 to the taxi driver.
Only on Isabela there is a one time landing fee or "pier tax" of $20 for foreign visitors.

Its very important to ask for a proper receipt (in case of any claims) and a ticket in exchange for your money. Despite recent improvements there has been instances in which "reservations" are not honored, trips are overbooked, or items have been stolen from stowed luggage. None of these occurrences are typical in any way but its better to take precautions.

Operators usually ask passengers to identify themselves at the pier with a representative after the mandatory luggage inspections, half an hour before departure.

 By plane 
EMETEBE Airlines and Fly Galapagos are non-schedule air-taxi services that offer flights to and from in island, north of island, and in island.
These air services make up tentative schedules for which you can buy tickets for. And so, schedules can be modified so as to fit more flights in case of high demand or worst case scenario flights might be cancelled or re scheduled.
This is definitely a more comfortable transportation option despite not being the most reliable and still it is more expensive.

Flight times are between 30 and 40 minutes from point to point. Transfer to the airport from Puerto Ayora adds 1 hour by taxi or up to 2 hours by public bus. Some flights are operated as combi flights and might stop in an intermediate destination adding one to one and a half hours to travel time.

Flights usually range $160-$170 each way or $260 round trip.

Note that baggage allowance is quite small. 12kg total of check and carry on. As of late 2018 overweight costs $4.40 per Kg.
Flying with standard Airline luggage (10kg carry on + 23kg check) will cost an additional $92.40.

As of 2018 there is sale offices for both companies in town in Puerto Villamil and Puerto Ayora. In Puerto Baquerizo Moreno Emetebe's sales are done at their hangar at the airport and Fly Galapagos has an office in town. Representatives are available for sale and costumer service at the airports only close to departure times.

On land
while in the National Park
The Galalapagos National Park comprises about 97% of the land mass of the islands. Landing on most of the almost 100 visitor sites requires being part of an organized group with an approved itinerary and a GNP Licensed Naturalist Guide for every 16 people visiting.

The only exception to this rule are the Public Access sites which are usually in buffer zones between the National Park and inhabited areas. Even though there is no requirement for a Naturalist Guide you still have to stay in designated pathways and respect the natural environment and fellow visitors as in any other part of the National Park. Swimming, snorkeling and surfing might be allowed but be careful as most public access beaches don't have lifeguards on duty.
while in inhabited areas
All distances within settlements in the Galapagos can be easily walked. You can easily walk across towns in 30 minutes. For longer distances like between the main towns and the small settlements in the highlands (longer distances+fast elevation gain) taxis (mostly white pick up trucks, except in Isabela) can easily be hailed down on the side of the road or called for from lodgings and restaurants. Set prices start at $1.5 and cabs can be taken up to half day charters to public access sites around the islands.
For intermediate distances, increased mobility and fun downhill excursions around the highlands bikes can be rented at different shops in town. Haggling is not common in Galapagos but its still a good idea to ask at different shops to get a feeling of what the average prices are.

See

On each island, the number of visitors are limited and there are only a small number of official landing and visitor sites. You must follow the instructions of your guide to protect the wildlife and you are not allowed off the marked paths. This is not a problem as the animals are so tame they will sit right on the path or cross it without caring about mere tourists.

The Charles Darwin foundation administers several research stations throughout the islands, including a large station in that is worth visiting for its animal and natural history exhibits, the Galapagos Interpretation Center in and the Tortoise Breeding Center are the most interesting of the breeding centers in .

Bartolome Island
A very small island teemed with great views and wildlife next to its neighbour San Salvador (James) island. The most photographed view of the islands is found here, the famous Pinnacle Rock and the distant islands. A wooden staircase allows us to gradually ascend to the top of this large cone, without adding physical damage (erosion) to the path itself. This small island offers plenty of rewarding activities. 

Wildlife highlights: Being a young island, it only allows pioneer species to conquer and thrive here. Geology and scenery are fascinating. Pinnacle Rock is by all means the best photographic attraction.

Do

 Cruises 

Galapagos cruises are the only option for experiencing the majority of the remote islands and endemic, iconic wildlife. 

Keep in mind that the word "cruise" in Galapagos should not be confused with the traditional, "colossally-sized" cruise ships you often see in the Caribbean or Mediterranean. In fact, Galapagos vessels are among some of the smallest cruises in the world. Why? The Galapagos National Park limits all vessels in Galapagos to a maximum capacity of 100 passengers (50 cabins) per boat (though the vast majority of the 65 cruise ships in Galapagos hold no more than 20 passengers). Compare that number to your typical cruise liner, with its thousands of cabins, and you can easily see just how much smaller Expedition Vessels in Galapagos really are.

And although the Galapagos Islands are a beautiful and once-in-a-lifetime destination, keep in mind that no matter what boat you opt for, most of your cruise will be spent exploring the islands (as opposed to spending the majority of your time onboard). Remember: the Galapagos Islands are an Expedition Destination.

Some people deliberate whether they should go for a small yacht or a larger, multi-guided Expedition Vessel. Both have their own unique set of advantages and disadvantages. 

Galapagos Yachts & Recreational Vessels:

For those who prefer a more intimate experience on board and on the islands, you might consider choosing a small yacht. Small yachts in Galapagos typically consist of motor yachts that offer personalized service, with one Naturalist Guide catering up to 16 guests at a time. They have the added benefit of being more versatile during a cruise, allowing the crew to stop to observe marine life, or to easily alter their course as they seek to get closer to dolphin pods or whales. The comfort level on small ships ranges from tourist to luxury class. 

Smaller yachts are often seen as having less of an impact on the fragile Galapagos environment due to the number of passengers they carry. Keep in mind, however, that they often aren't the only yacht to set at anchor at each visitor site.

For those looking to experience a greater level of sociability, amenities, stability and spaciousness aboard their vessel, then the larger ships are perhaps the best way to go. These are some of the largest vessels in Galapagos and are limited to carrying up to 100 passengers. 

Larger ships often times offer more space and comfort when it comes to the vessel itself. They also offer a greater variety of services and amenities. Not to mention, they have a higher number of Naturalist Guides on board, meaning they a.) offer a wider range of simultaneous activities throughout each day and b.) have smaller excursion groups. Multi-guided Expedition Vessels also have the added benefit of offering different languages for different groups. 

In some cases, luxury ships (both large and small) even have a dedicated Hotel Manager and Medical Officer on board. 

Consider chartering any one of these vessels if you are a family, a group of students, a corporation, a club, on a honeymoon or even just a solo traveler. The Galapagos are pretty much open to any and all groups of people wishing to explore the Galapagos Islands.

The following is a shortlist of the sights and activities you’ll get to experience aboard cruises in the Galapagos:
*Witnessing a vast majority of the iconic, must-see species of the Galapagos, be they: Galapagos albatrosses, blue-footed boobies, Nazca boobies, red-footed boobies, flightless cormorants, American flamingos, frigatebirds (great and magnificent), Galapagos hawks, land iguanas, marine iguanas, Santa Fe land iguanas, Galapagos penguins, sea lions, fur seals and Galapagos giant tortoises. 
*Climbing up the hill on Bartolome Island for that classic Galapagos postcard view.
*Exploring numerous, volcanically-active and geologically-fascinating islands throughout the archipelago.
*Partaking in numerous activities throughout the archipelago, such as: snorkeling, coastal explorations, glass-bottom boat rides, biking, guided land excursions, and more!
*Getting a taste of the island life over at Puerto Ayora and/or San Cristobal, along with the scientific initiatives at each of these cities (Charles Darwin Research Station and the San Cristobal Interpretation Center, respectively). Both of these centers have breeding and rearing programs.

Cruise Tips

Don’t forget that all vessels, big or small, are required to have at least one certified naturalist guide for every 16 passengers (or less) that they have aboard. Something else is that every single vessel has a fixed itinerary for the year which is established and approved by the Galapagos National Park (so as to control the number of tourists arriving on each island). Itineraries can range anywhere between 2 to 15 days, depending on how much time and money you have. Be aware, however, that you lose a day-and-a-half just flying into and out of the Galapagos, meaning anything under a 5-day itinerary is borderline not worth it. 

Another question people ask is when they should go to the Galapagos Islands. Both the availability of space and the weather in the Galapagos (see Climate) may affect when you choose to go to the Islands. Most boats fill up months, or even a year or two ahead of time for the months of June, July, August, December and early January. During other times of the year, availability is higher. Still, there is no foolproof way to predict how many people will come; it is best to simply come whenever it is most convenient for you. Remember: the Galapagos are a year-round destination. 

Booking a cruise with a tour company in your home country or in Ecuador (via the internet) is usually the most convenient way of going about securing your place aboard. There are many tour companies selling Galapagos cruises, but it is always recommended that you look for tour companies that are reputable (preferably with numerous years of experience and positive reviews) and that have dedicated experts that can answer all of your questions about Galapagos. Remember: the Enchanted Islands are a once-in-a-lifetime destination, and it is ill-advised that visitors “cut corners” when deciding on who to travel with.

When looking for a tour consider the following:

*Number of passengers. The national park restricts the size of the boats allowed to navigate throughout the islands to a maximum of 100 passengers per vessel. Large vessel or small vessel, steps are always being taken to lower visitor impact on each site. That’s why, regardless of ship size, passengers are divided into groups of 16 (maximum), with one Naturalist Guide per group. These go ashore in small, low-impact inflatable dinghies (often referred to as pangas in Spanish). Also, be aware that smaller, single-guided boats often share the site with other smaller boats (in order to fill up the maximum quota of visitors at that site). This means that smaller vessels often won’t have visitor sites to themselves the same way larger boats do. 
*Itinerary. The National Park approves all cruise itineraries. Each itinerary is (ideally) designed to have a mixture of different habitats while showcasing the unique diversity of wildlife found throughout the archipelago. Itineraries will often be divided by region (Northern, Western, Southern, Central, etc.) and can last anywhere between 4-8 days (or twice that, if combined back-to-back). Keep in mind that not all ships reach all of the islands you might want to visit, nor do they focus as much on revealing the wildlife you might interested in spotting. Always be sure to ask your tour operator about what each itinerary offers you in terms of island and wildlife coverage. 
*Availability. Most of the best cruises are booked up months in advance, so it is best to book early. For Christmas bookings, you might want to start looking at least 12-18 months ahead of time to have a greater number of vessels and/or itineraries available to choose from.
*Activities. Visits to the islands are only permitted during the twelve hours of daylight in Galapagos (6 a.m. to 6 p.m.). Typically, a cruise will have two excursions each day: one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Both excursions will often involve a combination of shore and water excursions. Walks are generally done at a slow pace and offer plenty of time for interpretation and photos. Landings on the shore may be dry or wet, depending on the visitor site. Some trails might also be rocky and on uneven terrain, making them somewhat difficult for older people and completely inaccessible for people with disabilities (i.e. wheelchair, crutches, etc.). In general, however, the walks are easy for the majority of visitors in decent shape. Water excursions may include snorkeling, kayaking, panga rides (coastal explorations aboard dinghies) as well as rides in a glass-bottom boat, depending on your cruise. Keep in mind that smaller vessels offer only one activity for each half of the day (due to the National Park rule of one guide per group of guests). Larger vessels, on the other hand, have the added benefit of offering a variety of simultaneous activities thanks to the presence of multiple guides onboard, meaning you won’t be stuck with just one option per half of the day. 
*Additional costs. Few tours include the $100 park entrance fee or the cost of a flight from the mainland to the islands (from $450-$530 from Guayaquil or Quito) as well as the $20 INGALA Transit Control Card (for immigration control purposes). Additionally, less expensive boats will charge for beverages, use of snorkel equipment, wetsuits and/or kayaks.
*Time spent on the islands. The cruise length includes the day you arrive and the day you depart the Galapagos. Flights typically arrive to the islands around noon time or in the early afternoon and leave the islands in the morning. It’s important to keep in mind that this means you virtually lose 1.5 days flying into and out of Galapagos, meaning a 3-day itinerary is, realistically, more like a 1.5-day itinerary. On your first day you will typically have 1 excursion and on the day you leave you may or may not have an excursion, depending on how early your flight leaves. Additionally, nearly all cruises are required to visit the town of Puerto Ayora and the Charles Darwin Research Station as part of their itinerary (so as to help the tourism economy on the islands). Many itineraries will often combine this particular visit with an exploration of the highlands of Santa Cruz, which often allows visitors to see the giant tortoises out in the wild. Shorter cruises will take advantage of this last day to have their passengers explore Santa Cruz Island and then drop them off at Baltra airport.
*Ship comfort levels. Quality of boats vary widely. You generally get what you pay for. Less expensive tours use boats that may not: i) be capable of traveling longer distance and/or as quickly between islands, ii) be as comfortable, iii) have high quality guides, iv) have very attentive crew, v) have the greatest food and/or vi) be as well-maintained.

For those trying their luck at finding good last minute prices on site, there are many agencies that can help you book a cruise either in in Galapagos or and over on the mainland. There are also last-minute cruise websites that specialize in Galapagos. Very last minute 4-day cruises can sometimes be found in Puerto Ayora for as little as $600-$700 per person. While it is possible to get a pretty cheap last-minute deal, be aware that: many budget tours may opt to spend extra time in Puerto Ayora, might not have the best boats, have questionable safety standards, mediocre services and/or might only visit the inner, non-isolated islands.

 Budget 
* Our company arranges a wide variety of cruises on different boats and catamarans. The expert team organizes honeymoon, wedding, bachelor party and family vacations in the Galapagos Islands. We can promise you the best rate in the market and promotions all year.

* This site connects you directly with the ship owners. It displays constantly updated last minute deals (within 90 days of the sailing date) with a variety of ships, including scuba diving live aboards. Find your ideal cruise, and contact the owner directly for bookings or for further questions.

* Galasam owns 4 Galapagos cruises, Millennium, Stella Maris Luxury Yacht, Majestic Humboldt Explorer for Scuba Diving, with 4 to 8 days itinerary in Galapagos islands.

* The Galapagos tours offers good rates for Galapagos cruises on Galaven II motor yacht (Tourist class), Xavier motor yacht (First Class) and Queen Beatriz Catamaran (Luxury) with 5, 6, and even 7 days itinerary in Galapagos Islands.

 Mid-range 
* Dive Darwin, Wolf & the western islands aboard the 33 m/ 109 ft Calipso Dive. Great dive deck, sundeck with jacuzzi, brand new everything. Calipso is affordable luxury liveaboard diving. 

* The TripAdvisor Galapagos destination expert works with us. We lived and worked in Galapagos for several years. We're on the boards of the Charles Darwin Foundation and the International Galapagos Tour Operators' Association. Few agencies have a more intimate knowledge of the islands and the ships. We charter the Samba 30 weeks a year - but we also work with just about all other ships - from comfort+++ to tourist superior class. We've been helping people find the right ship for their needs since 1999. 

* One of the newest vessels in Galapagos, the Santa Cruz II is a multi-guided means of exploring the islands in contemporary style. All park-approved activities are included as part of the package, as well as a wide array of services and amenities. 

* A comprehensive searchable Galapagos cruise ship database - choose from 65 ships. Find your ideal cruise ship using filters such as ship class/budget, itinerary preferences, cruise length, cabin configuration, solo / family / limited mobility friendly, balconies and more. 

* A travel guide and collection of tour operators, yachts, hotels and services in the Galapagos Islands. Find your ideal cruise ship and see real guest reviews, the site does not take bookings but refers you to the boat owner or commercial representative, perhaps the swiss army knife for Galapagos travel planning.

* Offers an excellent and intimate space for exploring the Galapagos in comfort. Traditionalists will enjoy feeling at home with a crew that has remained almost unchanged for years, leading to seamless attention to detail that will make your stay extra special. 

* M/S Samba offers 8 or 15 day cruises around the archipelago. Her Galapagos trips are oriented to live and experience an authentic adventure in a unique and incomparable natural world. You will live an unforgettable Galapagos vacation due to the dedication they place on the learning experience about the natural history of the archipelago

*The original land-based tour of the Galapagos Islands. They are small group tours, 12 guests or less and includes kayaking and beach camping on the islands.

*Full travel planning service with fixed departure options on chartered yachts, Voyagers has served over 10000 passengers in the last 5 years, the company charters several Galapagos boats and offers full programs combining a Galapagos cruise with Ecuador land programs.

* Enchanted Expeditions (formerly Angermeyer’s Enchanted Expeditions) is one of the pioneers of small boat cruises and tours to the Galapagos Islands; operating the boats M/Y Beluga which has been awarded the Smart Voyager Certificate for adhering to conservation standards and welcoming the yacht M/Y Cachalote Explorer - both 16 guests vessels offering 8 day or 15 day itineraries. 

 Splurge 

* Luxury Charters company based in Ecuador specializing in tailor-made private charters. Galapagos Luxury Charters true value is the ability to create a unique experience during your Galapagos charter, which truly will last a lifetime

* The comfort+++ portal for Cultural and Natural Heritage Tours (see above), Epicurean Galapagos represents only the highest-end half-dozen ships in the islands and the most comfortable boutique hotels on the mainland. For those who are set on the best that Galapagos has to offer. 

* Experience the nearby islands of Bartolome, North Seymour, South Plaza and Santa Fe aboard the Sea Lion Yacht. Day tours consist of a buffet-style lunch (freshly prepared onboard by a chef), professionally-trained guide(s) and numerous activities. The Sea Lion Yacht has an indoor, air-conditioned space for guests to relax, as well as a covered deck in the back to enjoy the great outdoors. 

* Galapagos Boat offers private crewed yacht charters in the Galapagos Islands. Tours feature customized itineraries and activities as well as a personal chef on board to prepare gourmet meals of choice. Charter yachts range from 145-foot Motor Yacht Grace to 84.5-foot sailing catamaran Rose of Jericho.

* Yacht La Pinta is the luxurious choice for travellers. An upscale travel experience for 48 guests that combines stylish design, spacious rooms, and gourmet cuisine with top adventure. The ship offers a wide variety of aquatic activities including snorkelling, kayaking and a glass-bottom boat. Travel comfortably with flexible, interconnected cabin arrangements and enjoy the never-ending views from your cabin or public spaces. Enjoy a dip in the hot tub and luxuriate while you explore.

* Liveaboard company offers both diving and sightseeing cruises on middle-size vessels. There's a very wide choice of itineraries and vessels, including yachts (Nemo I,II and III and Mary Anne)

* Nina and Athala are the only two luxury catamarans in the Galapagos islands. The boats are the biggest boats out of all the small yachts in Galapagos. Cabins size is comparable to big ships (17 and 19 square mts). Nina has a private balcony in all cabins.

* The Galapagos Journey fleet is run by Latin Trails, boats are built entirely in Guayaquil - Ecuador, true pride of "Guayaquileño" artisans. The Galapagos Sea Star Journey offers 4 and 5 night cruises, while the Seaman Journey offers 3, 4 and 7 night cruises visiting a variety of National Park sites always in company of a naturalist guide. Both yachts support the IGTOA conservation programs and fundraising for Galapagos Conservancy conservation programs

* An American company that specializes in 11 and 15 day trips around the islands. This company caters to photographers and provides service in luxury-class yachts with extensive itineraries.

* Ecuador based tour operator offering 3, 4 and 7 night cruises on board the luxurious catamaran M/C Galapagos Seaman Journey, cruises feature a Galapagos Park guide, cruise director and 11 crew members to pamper 16 guests throughout a natural history tour visiting the less visited excursion sites in the archipelago.

* INCA is an American company with unique itineraries on the luxury, 16-passenger small yachts M/V Integrity and M/V Reina Silvia. All INCA Galapagos adventures feature 7-night cruises including outlying islands, and most include stays at the Royal Palm Resort, Finch Bay Hotel or Galapagos Safari Camp on Santa Cruz Island. Private trips available on either yacht. Options for Amazon, Otavalo and Machu Picchu.

* An Ecuadorian company with offices in Galapagos, Quito and Florida. SWT charter the finest yachts and arrange high quality cruises. Owners are +20 year-experienced level III naturalist guides.

* Ecuador based tour operator offering 3, 4 and 7 night cruises on board the luxurious catamaran M/C Anahi. Ship owner based in Galapagos and operatating from Quito-Ecuador.

* Treasure of Galapagos first class catamaran, compiles unmatched quality and comfort for a Galapagos Cruise experience, offering 5,7,9,11 and 15 days itineraries.

* The Galapagos Odissy is a 16 passenger yacht that offers 5 and 6 day cruise programs

Land Based Tours

* Rebecca Adventure Travel offers a wide range of Land Based tours in the Galapagos Islands from 3 day to 13 day programs. These programs include transportation, guided activities, accommodation and several meals. Guests are able to explore and discover most of the highlights and points of interest within the main islands of the Galapagos: Santa Cruz, San Cristobal and Isabela Islands. These tours are also focused on enjoying the privileged nature of the Islands while participating on adventurous activities such as hiking, wildlife watching, snorkeling, kayaking, biking and more.

Experience Nature

Galapagos Tortuga

File:Lonesome George in profile.png|A tortoise of the abingdoni subspecies. It has a distinctively saddleback shaped shell that flares above the neck and limbs.
File:Chathamensis.jpg|A tortoise of the chathamensis subspecies. It has an intermediate shape: slightly saddled
File:GNigrita.jpg|A tortoise of the porteri subspecies. It has a rounded shell shaped like a dome

Gigantic Tortuga (Chelonoidis nigra) 

File:Side angle shot of a gigantic galapagos turtle on the island of santa cruz.JPG|
File:A gigantic galapagos tortuga on the island of santa cruz.JPG|
File:Galápagos tortoise - Chelonoidis nigra on the Santa Cruz Island - Galapagos.jpeg|
File:Gigantic galapagos turtle on the island of santa cruz.JPG|
File:Alvaro Sevilla Design foto de la Tortuga Galapagos Isla Santa Cruz.jpg|
File:The Galapagos tortoise in the galapagos island of santa cruz photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|
File:25-san-cristobal-tortoise.jpg|Galapagos tortoise on Island]]

Boats in Puerto Ayora

File:Boats in Puerto Ayora on the Island of Santa Cruz in the Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|
File:Sailboat in the Puerto Ayora on the Island of Santa Cruz Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|

File:Water taxi in Puerto Ayora on the Island of Santa Cruz in the Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|
File:Many Boats in Puerto Ayora on the Island of Santa Cruz Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|

Tortuga Bay, Island of Santa Cruz

File:Tortuga Bay Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG
File:Start of the Walking path to Tortuga Bay Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|Start of the Walking path to Tortuga Bay 
File:Walking path to Tortuga Bay in the Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|Walking path to Tortuga Bay with the Pacific Ocean in view
File:Walking to the Tortuga Bay in the Galapagos Island of Santa Cruz photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|End of the Walking path to Tortuga Bay in the Galapagos Island of Santa Cruz
File:Tortuga Bay - Island of Santa Cruz, Galapagos.JPG|Tortuga Bay - Island of Santa Cruz, Galapagos
File:The marine iguana (Amblyrhynchus cristatus) Galápagos Island of Santa Cruz at Tortuga Bay.JPG|Amblyrhynchus cristatus on the , Tortuga Bay.
File:Bahía Tortuga Situado en la isla de Santa Cruz Galapagos foto por Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG |Volcanic rocks & the Pacific Ocean at Tortuga Bay.
File:Iguana on the beach at Tortuga Bay Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|Marine Iguana - , on the beach at Tortuga Bay
File:Tortuga Bay on the Island of Santa Cruz, Galapagos.JPG|Tortuga Bay - Island of Santa Cruz, Galapagos
File:Lava rocks on Tortuga Bay in the Galapagos a photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|Lava rocks on Tortuga Bay in the Galapagos
File:Crab walking on Tortuga Bay in the Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|Crab walking on the beach at Tortuga Bay
File:Multi Color Crab walking on Tortuga Bay photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG| Multi Color Crab walking on the lava rocks on Tortuga Bay in the Galapagos 
File:Tortuga Bay showing Lava Rocks and Surf in the Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|Tortuga Bay in the Galapagos showing Lava Rocks and the Surf
File:A gigantic galapagos tortuga next to the walking path to Tortuga Bay photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|A gigantic galapagos tortuga - , next to the walking path to Tortuga Bay
File:Whitetip reef shark in the Galapagos Island of Santa Cruz.jpeg|Whitetip reef shark - , in the Galapagos Island of Santa Cruz 
File:Tortuga Bay Galapagos Island of Santa Cruz.JPG|s - in the water at Tortuga Bay
File:Bahía Tortuga Playa en la ila de Santa Cruz Galapagos foto por Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|Tortuga Bay, Galapagos Island of Santa Cruz 

Galapagos Islands

Image:Bartoleme Island.jpg|View from Bartolomé Island, Galápagos Islands
File:Darwinarch.jpg|Darwin's Arch at Darwin Island in the Galapagos
File:Opuntia echios - Santa Fe, Galapagos.jpg|Prickly pear cactus and Swallow-tailed Gulls on Santa Fe Island
File:Floreana4.jpg|Floreana (Charles or Santa María) Island in the Galapagos
File:Galapagos2007--01--07-13-07.JPG|Tourists with sea lions at the beach at San Cristóbal Island
File:Rabida Island - panorama.jpg|Rábida Island
File:La Cumbre - ISS.JPG|Fernandina Island, viewed from the , July 2002
File:A Galapagos Land Iguana on the North Seymour Island in the Galapagos photo by Alvaro Sevilla Design.JPG|A Galapagos Land Iguana on the North Seymour Island in the Galapagos
File:Marine-Iguana-Espanola.jpg|Highly colored individual of the venustissimus subspecies endemic to Espanola Island, Galapagos
File:Sally Lightfoot Crab.jpg|(Grapsus grapsus) Santa Cruz Island, Galapagos Islands
File:Spheniscus mendiculus juvenile.jpg|, (Spheniscus mendiculus) 
File:Prince-Philips-steps.jpg|Hiking up Prince Philip's steps on Genovesa Island, Galapagos 

Snorkeling & Scuba Diving

Snorkeling and diving are very popular activities as the sea life in Galapagos is incredibly rich and colorful. And the best part? They’re just as fearless as the creatures on land, especially sea lions and sea turtles!

Snorkeling equipment is often provided by tour operators and cruises (sometimes for free or sometimes for an added fee). Worth bringing if you’re going snorkeling is a waterproof camera. Remember to wear at least a T-shirt and sunscreen if you’re snorkeling, as it's easy to get sunburned under the strong Galapagos sun. Snorkeling offers a way to be in the water with fish, sea turtles, sea lions, white-tip reef sharks and many other creatures, making this a great option for those who don't have a SCUBA diving license. The older, farther islands to the west often have cooler water temperatures, meaning wetsuits might make for a more comfortable experience in the water (again: many cruise ships offer wetsuits, often times for an additional, nominal fee).

Diving in the Galapagos is incredible, as noted by Rodale's Scuba Diving Magazine. Darwin and Wolf Islands have been ranked as the best dive destination in the world for several years in the categories of healthiest marine environment, best big animal dive, and best advanced diving. Still, the Galapagos is not necessarily the right place for beginners or novices. Currents, surge, cold water, and sometimes poor visibility and depths make it a challenge for novices. Certification courses are available in both Santa Cruz and San Cristobal for those looking to learn, and there are several dive sites that are relatively beginner-friendly.

There are 2 ways to dive in the Galapagos Islands:

# Daily dives with a local tour operators on the islands of Santa Cruz, Isabela and San Cristobal.
# Galapagos liveaboard cruise ships. Liveaboard cruise ships are the only way for visitors to reach the islands of Darwin and Wolf.

These 2 sites are the reason most divers come to Galapagos.

Two of the world's premier diving destinations, Darwin Island and Wolf Island, are accessible only via live-aboard. These islands present challenging currents and are not suitable for beginners, but offer amazing opportunities to see huge schools of hammerhead sharks, Galapagos sharks, Silky sharks and whale sharks in season (July-Nov), in addition to other pelagic life like giant mantas, eagle rays, sting rays, huge schools of jack and tuna, sea turtles, sea lions and more. 

Note that park regulations may change unexpectedly; in 2007, many divers were caught unaware as the National Park withdrew diving permits from quite a few cruise ships without notice, leaving many divers without dive cruises they had booked far in advance. For this reason, travelers are advised to get the most up-to-date information possible when planning a dive trip to the Galapagos Islands. As of 2010, the National Park is now regulating land-based diving for the first time and few of the many shops operating have the new permits necessary. It is best to ask if an operator has a dive permit, otherwise you may be turned back by Park Rangers and not permitted to dive. As of 2011, the National Park no longer permits dive liveaboards to offer land visits, except for the Highlands of Santa Cruz which is on all itineraries.

A liveaboard cruise offers guests a great amount of underwater wildlife, but meager terrestrial encounters (remember: these types of vessels only explore the seas, rather than the islands themselves).

 Day Tours aboard Yachts 
The Galapagos National Park has made new options available for land-based travel in and around the archipelago. 

From San Cristobal Island, visitors now have the option of navigating to visitor sites like Española Island, Punta Pitt and Kicker Rock.

From , visitors can book day trips to the uninhabited islands of North Seymour, , and Bartolome. Advance reservations are usually required so plan ahead. However, there is a chance you’'ll be able to find space due as people often make last-minute cancellations the night before.

Fishing
You can fish in the Reserve, for marlin, tuna, wahoo and many other species but only if you are using an operator and boat that have the requisite "Artisanal Vivencial Fishing" licences issued by the Galapagos National Park. "Sport Fishing", as such, is prohibited. The Galapagos National Park publishes a list of Vivencial Fishing licence-holders and their boats but, unfortunately, they do not keep the list up to date. 

When Vivencial Fishing, you can keep a limited quantity of fish for personal consumption but all marlin must be released unharmed. 

Vivencial Fishing was conceived with the purpose of providing local fishermen with an ecologically sustainable alternative to commercial fishing. However, there is constant pressure, both political and commercial, to legalize "Sport Fishing" and open the market to better financed and better connected outsiders.

 Hiking 
Hiking is often included as part of organized cruises or tours of the highlands. Although you will often see fewer animals during these tours, you will usually gain a greater understanding of the difference in terrain and vegetation as well as the formation of the islands. Hiking is restricted in all National Park land, however several sights, like the Wall of Tears on and Cerro Tijeras on can be hiked independently.

 Biking 
Biking provides quicker access to far sites from the ports. Bike rentals are available on , and for around $15/day. 

 Surfing 
The Galapagos provides some good waves and many locals make it a daily activity. Boards can be rented by the day or month at port towns. In general sites are marked with a place to rest surf boards as to not damage the land. The following are beaches that allow surfing:
* Punta Carola 
* La Loberia 
* Tongo Reef 
* Tortuga Bay 
* Playa Ratonera 
* Isabela has a more continuous sandy shoreline that provides open surfing

* Surfgalapagos.com knows where the waves are and unlike everybody thinks waves are not only in San Cristobal with north swell, there are south swell waves in Santa Cruz and Isabela islands as well .

* Lavawave Surf Adventures www.lavawavesurf.com offers single and multi-day surf trips, and other activities, from San Cristobal

 Volunteering 
To minimize the impact of sightseeing on the unique ecosystem and to mitigate issues with introduced species, several organizations provide conservation based volunteering. 
* Hacienda Tranquila works on envionmental, community and social issues. Volunteers stay on the grounds and cook for themsevles. The hacienda is owned and managed by locals.
* Hacienda Esperanza works to conserve the environment and promote sustainable technologies. Volunteers are provided room and board as part of volunteering. The hacienda is owned and managed by locals.
* Jatun Sachu works to conserve the Galapagos and covers a larger area. Volunteers are provided room and board as part of volunteering.

 Kayaking 
Kayaking allows you to navigate more of the water without a boat. Kayaks can be rented at Tortuga Bay in and the port at to navigate the nearby beaches. Fish and sea turtles can often be seen while kayaking, however conditions should be checked before renting.

 Horseback Riding 
Horseback riding can be organized to allow you to see the highlands at greater depths. Tours are roughly $50. Additional tours may be found through inquiring with taxis or local tour agencies.

Buy

Eat

Sleep

There are hotels and other accommodation in the towns of , , and , however if you really want to see lots of good wildlife, you will need to combine your stay on these islands with daily boat tours to other islands.

Hotels and hostels are available on San Cristóbal, Santa Cruz, Isabela, and Florena from $25-$500+, while hotels along the water are generally full especially in Santa Cruz. During peak season (Christmas & Easter weeks) as well as during special events all hotels are frequently sold out well in advance. However, if you are traveling at other times of the year you may be able to find availability by just showing up.

Stay safe

In general, crime is not a problem in the Galapagos. Misdemeanors may occur in the towns, and occasionally fisherman will stage strikes or demonstrations that affect tourists, but for the most part, there is little to be concerned about. It should be noted, however, that some items that have been reported missing have been found in the crews' quarters! As most boats do not have lockable cabins, it might be advisable to keep your items locked away in bags in your cabins. 

The animal life in the islands is mostly docile with the exception of larger sea lions. Bulls, in particular, will vigorously protect their harems, and can inflict dangerous and potentially deadly bites. Do not snorkel close to sea lion colonies. If a bull sea lion approaches you, swim away from the nearest colony. Although the bulls can be dangerous, swimming with juvenile sea lions can be one of the most exciting parts of a trip.

In addition to sea lions, there is a slight danger from sharks. In general sharks will not attack unless provoked, although attacks can sometimes occur in murky water when sharks mistake humans for other animals. However, by exercising simple common sense, experiences will be almost always be positive.

Be careful with the tap water, especially in Puerto Ayora. It is not recommended to drink it or brush your teeth with it.

Respect

The park is strictly regulated. Outside of the towns visitors must be accompanied by guides, and visitors are only allowed on land from sunrise until sunset. Itineraries must be registered with the park prior to embarking on a trip, and animals should never be disturbed; while the wildlife in the Galapagos will usually ignore your presence, a general rule of thumb is that if an animal notices your presence then you are too close. Two meters is generally given as a minimum distance to keep away from animals; you will find that if you are calm and respectful that many animals will walk right up to investigate you.

One of the greatest dangers to the islands is introduced species. The park service is trying to eliminate goats, rats, cats, dogs, and introduced plant species on many of the islands, but it is a difficult battle; after evolving for thousands of years without predators, the Galapagos wildlife is not adapted to handle these new species. When traveling to the islands, do not bring any plant or animal life with you, and be sure to always clean your footwear when traveling between islands to avoid accidentally transferring seeds.

Illegal fishing is another threat to the park. Although park officials may deny it, illegal fishing for sharks and sea cucumbers occurs on a massive scale. The number of fishermen has increased rapidly over the last few years, while the number of fish have plunged. Due to ongoing tensions between fisherman, tourism, and science the level of enforcement of fishing laws can vary greatly, but even when policies are put in place to limit fishing enforcement is difficult due to the resources required to patrol the vast park area.

Another big threat to the park is the growing population. Although new rules make it impossible for people arriving from the mainland to live and work on the islands, the rules are hardly enforced, resulting in many people immigrating from the mainland to make quick money on the islands.

Conservation 

Though the first protective legislation for the Galápagos was enacted in 1930 and supplemented in 1936, it was not until the late 1950s that positive action was taken to control what was happening to the native flora and fauna. In 1955, the International Union for the Conservation of Nature organized a fact-finding mission to the Galápagos. Two years later, in 1957, UNESCO, in cooperation with the government of Ecuador, sent another expedition to study the conservation situation and choose a site for a research station.
In 1959, the centenary year of Charles Darwin's publication of The Origin of Species, the Ecuadorian government declared 97.5% of the archipelago's land area a national park, excepting areas already colonized. The Charles Darwin Foundation (CDF) was founded the same year. The core responsibility of CDF, an international nongovernmental organization (NGO) constituted in Belgium, is to conduct research and provide the research findings to the government for effective management of Galápagos.

In 1986, the 70,000 square kilometers (27,000 sq mi.) of ocean surrounding the islands was declared a marine reserve, second in size only to Australia's Great Barrier Reef. In 1990, the archipelago became a whale sanctuary. UNESCO recognized the islands in 1978 as a World Heritage Site and in 1985, as a biosphere reserve.

Rules

The codified park rules are:

# To visit the National park you must always be accompanied by a certified Galapagos National park guide.
# Galapagos is a unique and fragile environment. Take only photographs and video. Professional shooting needs authorization from the National Park.
# Please stay within the limits of the walking trails, for your safety and that of the flora and fauna.
# To avoid affecting the wildlife's natural behavior please avoid getting closer than two meters to the animals.
# Camping is only allowed in specific sites. If you wish to camp, you must first obtain a permit from the Galapagos National Park.
# Help conservation by cooperating with the authorities in their inspection, monitoring and control duties. Report any anomalies to the National Park.
# Do not introduce foreign organisms to the islands, as these can have a negative impact on the ecosystem.
# Please do not buy souvenirs which are made from black coral, sea shells, sea lion teeth, tortoise shell, volcanic rock, or endemic woods.
# Galapagos animals have their own feeding behavior. Never feed the animals. Feeding them can be detrimental to their health.
# Galapagos landscapes are beautiful and unique. Do not spoil them by writing or etching rocks or trees.
# Do not litter while on the islands. Always dispose of rubbish in a safe and appropriate way.
# Smoking or making camp fires in the national park areas is strictly forbidden and can cause devastating fires.
# Fishing is strictly forbidden, except on those boats specifically authorised by the Galapagos National Park.
# Jet skiing, submarines, water skiing, and aerial tourism are all strictly forbidden. 
# Do not disturb the animals. They can harm you.