Haiku is an old plantation town located on the island of .

Understand
Haiku is a great little community which stretches several miles between Hookipa Beach Park, the world's top windsurfing location, & Jaw's, famous for it's 60 foot waves surfed only by tow-in and by the world's best. 

The area sits at the edge of Maui's tropical rainforest, along the North Shore coastline and through portions of Maui's cooler upcountry region. Here you will find waterfalls with fresh swimming pools of clear blue water, beautiful daily rainbows, green rolling hills, unbelievable lush tropical landscapes, all surrounded by large ranches and yes even pineapple and sugar cane fields. 

Haiku has much to offer those who are willing to take a trek off the beaten path, to find the Hawaii of old, since there are no resorts within miles. It's quiet, serene and peaceful. This truly is a journey, where you will lose your heart to Haiku and the island of Maui. Not only because of its beauty & picturesque landscape, or the fact that Haiku is really one of the remaining working plantation towns with historical buildings, or due to the wonderful outdoor activities like hiking wonderful trails with great bird watching or biking the volcano, but mainly due to the type of people who make Haiku their home. 

Here visitors will find the "locals" are warm, welcoming and friendly with a mix of eco farmers, long-time local families, new age wellness, spiritual leaders, healers & artisans. Don't forget to stay at one of the area's bed and breakfasts, and oh my gosh the food vendors are a treat for the taste buds. Haiku is little known but has so much to offer visitors and locals alike, yet it's only minutes to all the main attractions Maui has to offer.

Get in

Get around

See
See Jaws, or go to Hookipa for a windsurf lesson.

Do
Haiku has a merchants association, and often there are local festivals or events. Eco-fest August 7th, Earth Day are two ongoing yearly events. You can reach them at 808-575-7500 for any info on current events and happenings. Often there are merchant coupons etc available.

Buy
Make a purchase at the Haiku Thrift shop and support the local foster children.

Eat
*Maui Kombucha Raw Cafe features some original & creative Kombucha flavors and great Raw Vegan Cuisine! 

*Great diner for breakfast, lunch, dinner, pizza, spirits and coffee. Full bar and deserts. 

Drink

Sleep
* Maui's original and historic bed and breakfast located north shore Maui and in Haiku , near beaches, rainforest, pineapple and sugar production nearby, rural plantation town.

*offers two vacation rentals, twenty minutes from the airport along Maui's north coast, conveniently located mid-way between the deep tropical jungles of Hana and the lively tourist centers of Lahaina and Wailea. Minimum 3 night stay

*15 Miles from the airport and a half mile from the main road to Hana. Offers cottages, apartments, studios and even a meditation hut. 

*Located in a 4-acre foliage farm overlooking ocean bluffs, offers a more secluded yet "enchanting" stay. Prides it-self on having sustainable hospitality. Offers a B&B, studios, and cottages. 

Get out