Hoedspruit lies in the Valley of the Olifants in Big 5 Country close to the and surrounded by Big 5 Game Lodges and Private Nature Reserves like , , , and . It is quite possible to fly into Hoedspruit, and travel straight to the local private game reserves without venturing near to Hoedspruit town.

Get in

 By plane 

Hoedspruit Eastgate airport is a a left turn from the R40 about 7km south of the town. You have to go through a gate into the reserve, but if you look like you are on the way to a flight the guard will wave you through. There are no signposted to the airport from Hoedspruit.

The airstrip in the centre of town isn't the airport, and has no commercial scheduled flights.

Get around

The town itself is small, and would be easy to walk around. However, the attractions of the area don't lie in the town itself, and public transport is limited. So you almost certainly need to hire a car or be on an arranged tour or transfer.

There are various private transfer companies such as Eastgate Safaris.

There are a couple of car hire companies in Hoedspruit such as Avis and Europcar.

It is sensible to pre-arrange your car-hire before you arrive. There are many companies on-line which will help you to arrange your car hire:

* Avis 
* Europcar 

See

Do

Buy
Over the past six years Hoedspruit has grown and now has a number of shopping centres. 

There is a tourist shopping centre called the Kamogelo Centre just on the right as you turn from the R40 into Hoedspruit. There are jewellers, pubs, restaurants, travel agents and souvenir shops. Fuel and other supplies are readily available.

Eat

Drink

Sleep
* Self catering bush camp near Hoedspruit that can sleep up to 8 adults near the Blyde River Canyon mouth. Explore the Blyde River Canyon, the Panorama Route and the Kruger National Park from here.
*5 Star lodge and spa situated near Hoedspruit in Limpopo. With an abundance of wildlife, mountain forests and savannah grasslands
*4 Star Standard Lodge each of the luxurious tented accommodations and the deluxe chalets has its own terrace for privacy and its own view of the waterhole which is frequented by animals. You stay in a luxury accommodation but feel close to nature with the African bush right outside your door.

Get out