Huizhou is a city in .

Understand 
The sight of Huizhou to the average traveller invariably arouses surprise. Some 40 miles north of Shenzhen, in verdant, tropical countryside, a common reaction is "Where did this place come from?" Until comparatively recently (the 1980's) Huizhou was a sleepy Guangdong town on the Pearl River Delta. It has since exploded with industry, attracting investment from Japanese, Korean, European and American companies. It is one of the most architecturally pleasing small cities in all of Guangdong, and one of the very richest. CIA reports citing it as the de-facto HQ for all organized crime in Hong Kong and Guangdong may go some way to explaining the many sumptuous housing developments here, as well as the plethora of Porsches, five-star hotels and other indicators of high-end living. Huizhou is where the Triad crime bosses come to dialogue and chill. Something of an anomaly within mainland China, this is a city that answers to no-one and those who live here have definite reasons for doing so.

Huizhou is well served by highways linking it with , and . Shenzhen and the outskirts of Hong Kong are just a 90-minute bus ride away. The city has its own railway station linking it with many cities around China. There are plans afoot to link Huizhou by high-speed underground train with Shenzhen, which will effectively provide the city with a rapid-transit link to downtown Hong Kong.

By air

Huizhou Pingtan Airport () is situated around 20km from Huizhou city centre and is served by domestic flights from , , , etc.

From Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport (), you can take the Intercity Bus to Huizhou. The eariest bus is at 07:10 and the journey takes around 1.5 hours (depending on traffic). As of July 2017, a one-way ticket costs ¥70. More information is available on the Shenzhen Airport website (a more detailed timetable is available on the Chinese website version: 

Trans-Island (環島) operates coach services between Hong Kong International Airport () and Huizhou via the Lok Ma Chau/Huanggang border crossing point (timetable: As of July 2017, a one-way ticket costs HKD170/RMB150. Eternal East Bus (永東) also operates coach services between Hong Kong International Airport and Huizhou via the Sha Tau Kok/Shatoujiao border crossing point (timetable: As of July 2017, a one-way ticket costs HKD250 and a return ticket costs HKD440.

By bus

Trans-Island (環島) operates coach services between (Mong Kok) and Huizhou (pick-up/drop-off points: Kande International Hotel, Kempinski Hotel and Crowne Plaza) via the Lok Ma Chau/Huanggang border crossing point (timetable: As of July 2017, a one-way ticket costs HKD60/RMB50.

Eternal East Bus (永東) also operates coach services between Hong Kong and Huizhou via the Sha Tau Kok/Shatoujiao border crossing point (timetable: As of July 2017, a one-way ticket costs HKD80 and a return ticket costs HKD140.

By train

Huizhou railway station is served by trains from (21 hr journey), (1 hr 20 min journey), (1 hr journey), East (1 hr 40 min journey), East (45 min journey) etc.

Get around 
Huizhou has a comprehensive, clean and cheap bus system. Taxis are everywhere. Flagfall for regular taxis is 7RMB (about 1 US dollar) or for the more opulent Kande Hotel Taxis which operate throughout the city, 8RMB.

See 
The beautiful, seventeenth century West Lake, complete with pagoda and gardens.
*Bay ( Sunda Liao Bay ) is located in Huidong County Ping Town South, is located south of the Tropic of cancer, the South China Sea in the east of Dayawan, Banghai mountain, hill sea facies block, Haitian blend.
*The hot springs recreation area to the marine culture as the theme, more than 72 kinds of size, function is a open-air hot spring pool, dotted in the coastal garden : a warm and romantic couples pool house; there are all kinds of fitness adjustable feeding health spa, in the health area of sea turtles in the stomach bubble Long Quan, also can hide in the big gourd enjoy traditional Chinese medicine bath, also can be in the big pot enjoy tea bath; and the spa area is more popular, is the good place with beauty.

Do

Buy

Eat 
Huizhou has no shortage of Japanese and western restaurants. Traditional Chinese food can be sampled on every corner. Hong Kong/Canton food is for obvious reasons especially popular with the locals. For those self-catering, Park'n'Shop, Vanguard and Walmart have a wide selection of western foods.

Drink 
*KrakHaus Brewery is Huizhou's first craft beer brewpub, offering the widest selection of beers on tap and styles in Huizhou with 12 beers on tap. KrakHaus brews are made by a Canadian brewmaster using all imported ingredients for authentic lagers, ales, and IPA's.
*American Retro is Huizhou's best foreign owned bar and restaurant. They have a full live stage with local and foreign acts performing regularly and a play a diverse selection of Western music. They also serve gourmet style American burgers with fries. It's also where you can meet Huizhou's expat crowd.

Sleep
*Over. The. Top.
*The Jinhai Resort (Huidong Xunliao Jinhaiwan Dujiajiudian) is located in Songyuan Bay at the foot of a mountain by the sea. This Huizhou resort features sandy beach. 
Guests have plenty of activities to keep them busy with yachting, shell picking, diving, beach volleyball, fishing, bonfire and karaoke.

*
*

Stay safe

Huizhou is not plagued by the sorts of petty crime found in other Chinese cities. This is a privileged enclave and its rich are well protected. Migrant pickpockets tend to hang around the central bus station, but this place is so heavily policed that their efforts seem pointless. Huizhou is also a seat of regional government, so the zero tolerance for street crime policy in more intense here. In addition, it hosts large Japanese, Korean and western expatriate communities, so there is strong government incentive to keep a lid on antics by vagabonds from surrounding areas. When the powers that be in Huizhou tell you that they will stop at nothing to keep their elite city safe, they really, really, REALLY mean it. Violent attacks against foreigners are unheard of.

Contact

Get out