Idaho Falls is a city in . It is the county seat of Bonneville County and the largest city in Eastern Idaho. It has a population of about 50,000 and the metro area contains about 115,000 people.

Get in

By plane

Idaho Falls Regional Airport (IDA) is located just northwest of Idaho Falls. It has service to on Delta Connection, and on United Express, , , , and on Allegiant Air. 

Often the cost of flying in/out of Idaho Falls is not economical. For this reason, many residents of Idaho Falls will drive to the Salt Lake International Airport(SLC). is about 213 miles to the south, but during the winter months the duration of this trip could significantly lengthen due to poor visibility and road conditions. Typically, this short drive will take about 3 hours, however, due to weather and Salt Lake City traffic this drive could easily take an additional hour.

By bus
 Salt Lake Express offers four round-trips per day to Salt Lake City (both Downtown and the airport) and intermediate points on its Rexburg - SLC route.

By car

Idaho Falls can be easily reached by I-15 (North / South) or by Highway 20 (East / West). The border is about 120 miles south, the border is about 75 miles north, the border is about 72 miles to the east, and the border is about 334 miles to the west.

Get around

If you are coming into Idaho Falls via air transit, there are several rental car companies that provide service to the Idaho Falls area. Most of these companies have representatives at the Idaho Falls airport to assist anyone looking to rent a vehicle.

There is currently no mass transit in Idaho Falls (though a microtransit program is in the works). However, Idaho Falls is small and the majority of the hotels are located centrally enough that a small walk will get you to most destinations, but the distance to some locations would warrant a taxi service. There is fair competition in the taxi business and service is very good for a town this size. You can generally get a ride anywhere in town and even Ammon, which borders Idaho Falls, for under $15(Idaho Falls city limits, $10) It is more economical to rent a car if you have several destinations over the duration of a day. If you have less than 5-6 stops, taxis are excellent. SafeRide and Easy Way Taxi offer 24/7 service.

See
* Dedicated to the history of Idaho and receives many famous traveling exhibits.
* Home to a large population of animals from six continents.

Do
* A six mile path situated next to the Snake River, one of the most beautiful sites in Idaho Falls.

Buy
The Grand Teton Mall is located a ways from downtown near Ammon. It is the home of a couple of department stores such as JC Penny, Dillards, and Dick’s Sporting Goods, along with smaller stores.

Downtown Idaho Falls has had a resurgence in the last few years and is home to many local businesses and restaurants. It is very close to the Falls themselves and the Greenbelt. From May-Oct the Farmers Market is held here.

There are two Walmarts in Idaho Falls.

Eat

Despite Idaho Falls' small town environment, there are numerous locations that serve outstanding cuisine, and since most of them are locally owned there is a great customer appreciation found at each of them. Restaurants close to the river include:

The Sandpiper: The Sandpiper serves anything from Rainbow Trout to Lobster (Flown fresh into Idaho Falls) to steak. The Sandpiper is considered by many of the locals to be the best restaurant in town. For the locals The Sandpiper can seem a little pricey, but for those visiting from out of town their menu will not seem outrageously priced.

Jakers: Jakers specialty is steak, but you should also try their seafood dishes. 

Smitty's: Smitty's is probably the most popular restaurant in town when it comes to breakfast. Nothing fancy is served at Smitty's, but you can count on the traditional breakfast dishes being prepared to perfection.
Some more common restaurants that are close to the river area are Outback Steakhouse, Chilis, Applebees, Olive Garden, and Ruby's Steakhouse. Even more restaurants are located across town near the Grand Teton Mall. These restaurants include Sizzler, Café Rio, TGI Friday, Texas Roadhouse, Perkins, IHOP, Wingers, Johnny Carino's, Red Robin, Chuckarama, and Bajio.

Scotty’s: A classic American Drive-In known for its milkshakes and fry sauce (an Intermountain West Original). The Great Scott hamburger is based on McDonald’s Big Mac but with better tasting meat, sauce, and buns. Currently there is no indoor seating at Scotty’s, meaning you’ll have to eat in your car, or at the picnic tables outside, however given Idaho Fall’s climate this might not always be an option.

Papa Tom’s: Warm and Cozy pizza parlor, a favorite among locals. It is almost guaranteed it’ll be packed on a Friday or Saturday night. The pizza’s sauce has a unique spicy but not hot flavor. There is an assortment of arcade games as well as foosball and billiards in the back of the restaurant. There is a party/banquet room available for events.

Los Albertos: Small quick service Taqueria. Many people’s favorite spot for burritos or a late night snack. (Currently open until 2AM on weekdays and Sunday and 24 hours on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday). They also have a location in Ririe (A small town in Jefferson County about 25 minutes away).

Drink
*

Sleep
Most of the hotels are located near I-15 and the airport along the river.

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
*

Contact

Get out

* is about 100 miles east of Idaho Falls. Heading east out of Idaho Falls on US-26 will go right into the south entrance. This entrance is open year round.
* is about 100 miles north east of Idaho Falls. US-20 goes all the way to the west entrance. Yellowstone can also be entered through the south entrance from the Grand Tetons. Both entrances are closed from November to April.
* Targhee National Forest is about 60 miles to the north east on US-20. The Mesa Falls Scenic Byway goes through the forest and leads to the Upper and Lower lookouts of Mesa Falls.