Inuvik is a town in Canada's located at the end of the Dempster Highway.

Understand
Initially called "New Aklavik", it was renamed to Inuvik.

Due to its northern location, Inuvik experiences an average of 56 days of continuous sunlight every summer and 30 days of polar night every winter.

Get in
From the South, drive the Dempster Highway to Inuvik. Or fly in through Canadian North, Aklak, First Air, or Air North.

Flying is the preferred option for those who are not accustomed to the long-haul driving, with limited services en route, required to get to Inuvik by road. And it's pretty much the only "sane" option during the winter months.

Get around
Private vehicle, bicycle, etc.
No public transporation available. 

See

*Inuvik's Our Lady Of Victory Church, often called Igloo Church, is a famous landmark in the region. 

*The Canadian Arctic's northernmost mosque is the world's northernmost mosque.

*The Great Northern Arts Festival has been held annually for 10 days in the middle of July.

*The annual Sunrise Festival happens on the second weekend of the new year

Do

Inuvik is a great place for those with an adventurous spirit. It is one of the last places on earth that remain very much untouched by humans, and the sense of being top of the world is impossible to avoid. 

The local people are very friendly, and quite willing to show those curious enough to ask how they still, in the 21st century live off the land; in the some of the harshest conditions on the planet.

One can explore for thousands of miles in any direction, by snow mobile, boat or atv. Just be sure to have a guide go with you who is familiar with the land, as Inuvik is a very isolated town,and you want to make sure you get back. Also ensure you have sufficient supplies for your adventure, as there is nothing outside of the town to provide you with petrol, food (apart from hunting), or a warm dry bed.

Or stay in town. The local people are trying very hard to preserve their culture, and tourists showing a genuine interest will help support their goals. From soap stone carvings, to stunning beadwork, even watercolour paintings by local artists will dazzle the senses and be sure to provide you with a unique experience.

The best time to get a sense of what the town can offer is during the Great Northern Arts festival, held each year in Inuvik. It's a summer occasion, so you will experience the 24 hours of sunshine as well as see artists who come from across the north, as far way as Newfoundland, Nunavut, the Yukon, Alaska and Northwest Territories. Everyone one with the northern spirit is welcome to have bannock and caribou stew and see the best of the best in Arctic art. Some artists are even creating their pieces on site, so you can see first hand how to turn a stone into a magnificent figure of polar bears, walrus or Inuit faces.
*Great swimming pool: lanes, "lazy river," large water slide, volleyball net and basketball net. Also a canteen selling food and drinks and an arena.

Buy
Inuvialuit and Gwich'in art. 
Eat
*Great food. Muskox burgers

Drink

Sleep
*
*
*

Contact

Get out