Ivalo (Northern Sami: Avvil, Inari Sami: Avveel, Skolt Sami: Âˊvvel) is a town in . 

 Understand 
Ivalo is the administrative centre of the vast Inari municipality and most of the services of the municipality are located here. As well as almost half of the population. For most tourists Ivalo is just a place to sleep or fill resources. 

Even though Inari municipality is Sámi area, the Ivalo town is mostly Finnish. There is a very small military base close to the town so you may occasionally see some conscripts or military personnel hanging around.

Get in
By plane
Ivalo Airport () is the northernmost airport in Finland. There are scheduled flights from Helsinki by Finnair (twice a day) and Norwegian (thrice a day) depending on the season. There are also many charter flights from all over Europe during the Christmas/New Year peak tourism season. The airport has a regular bus service to (25 km, 20 min, &euro;7,50), but none to central Ivalo (17 km). Taxis to Ivalo, and Saariselkä cost around &euro;17, &euro;27 and &euro;35 respectively.

By bus
Ivalo is along highway E75 from to and the railhead at (3 hours away), and is thus served by any buses plying this route. Gluttons for punishment can even take a direct bus from , which takes around 19 hours.

One-way bus ticket from Rovaniemi to Ivalo is about 54 euros and from Helsinki to Ivalo about 110 euros.

There has been a bus connection from Ivalo to (in Russia) but it doesn't seem to work in 2019 anymore.

Get around
Since it is a small town, it is very easy to walk everywhere. There are bicycle paths along the main road.

See
Ivalo is a little town with very little to see for the typical tourist. That's why most people head straight for much more interesting destinations like or .

* Ivalojoki River is the perfect location for canoeing and fishing in the summer, and snowmobiling and cross-country skiing in the winter.

* Ivalojoki Beach Ivalo’s village centre boasts the best beach in Ivalojoki – a unique feature in these latitudes.

Do
The Ivalo River nearby was the site of a gold rush in the 1870s, and some gold panners still try their luck.

The cinema theater Aslak shows all the newest movies.

Buy
The gold rush or Sámi related souvenirs.
There is Alko in the town.

Eat
 Pubi.fi: An award-winning restaurant/pub that serves excellent hamburgers. 

 Anjan Pizza: A nice and clean pizza/kebab-restaurant. Try the reindeer pizza.

 Lauran Grilli: A burger diner. They also serve kebabs, sausage snacks and pizza.

 Bistro at K-Supermarket: Bistro style meals, pizzas and coffee.

 Restaurant Lapin YÖ: Lappish cuisine with river views.

Drink

Sleep

 Hotelli

 Ivalo

Get out
* , 30 km south from Ivalo

* , 38 km north from Ivalo

* - a cozy village in the middle of nowhere

* - one of the most popular national parks in Finland. Close to Saariselkä.

* - Tha largest national park in Finland and vast wilderness area with minimal services. Together with the Norwegian Lemmenjoki NP forms the largest completely roadless wilderness area in Europe.

* , Russia, 300 km NE from Ivalo