Jammu is the winter capital of state in .

Get in
By train

Jammu is well connected by train to points south and east. Jammu Tawi is an important railhead of the Norther Railways serving the Jammu and Kashmir State. It is the second last major rail stop heading north, the last one being Udhampur and most people only see it long enough to get from the train station to the bus stand to continue on to .

By bus

To there are several J&K SRTC buses taking 12 hours and costing Rs 150. Sumo 4wd jeep taxis also do this trip in approximately 8 hours and cost Rs 400 - 600 per person (or more if you wish to hire the whole taxi to yourself). Minibuses also run from outside Jammu bus stand and more comfortable and sometimes cheaper than Sumos. For people who prefer comfortable journeys, try to hire a Toyota Innova for yourself, although it will be very expensive.

If travelling from or , it's always better to take a train rather than travel on road because:
Drivers are very aggressive - you can find out yourself by seeing the enormous number of skid marks on the road.
Roads are in a very bad shape - Especially after Pathankot.

By plane

Jammu has an airport which desperately needs modernization but still has many flights from Delhi, Srinagar and Leh. Spice Jet, Air India and Goair have flights from Delhi.

By car

Jammu lies on the National Highway 1-A and is connected by national highway network to all parts of the country. Amritsar - 243 kms, Chandigarh - 436 kms , Delhi - 586 kms., Katra - 48 kms, Srinagar - 305 kms, Manali - 428 kms, Patnitop - 112 kms. Mansar - 60 kms.

* Jammu Car Rental services on taxiGUIDE.in - India's Premier Chauffeur Driven Car Rental Service in 75 Cities. Wide Choice of Vehicles. Assured Car & Driver Quality. Multiple payment options. 

* Book Chandigarh to Jammu cab at reasonable fare Black Taxi India™ 

Get around
Buses run around the city to reach from one point to other, though you need to ask people how to reach from one place to other. Most of the journey costs between Rs. 5 to Rs. 15. Be prepared though, they can get really crowded, and it is possible that you will have to get down while the bus is still moving. Many locals do that, best leave it to them and wait until the vehicle has completely stopped.

A bit expensive but faster and best way to travel around city is by auto rickshaw. They don't use meters rather a fixed amount is decided between the passenger and driver before the ride. Bargaining the amount is highly recommended.

The best way to explore Jammu is to get some friend drive you around. There are several places which have a good scenery, but are unfortunately not served by any kind of public transport.

See
Jammu is also known as City Of Temples, One can visit Raghunath Temple, Ranbireshwar Temple, Peer Kho Cave Temple, Bawey Wali Mata, Mahamaya Temple. Other Place of interest are Baag-e-Bahu Park, Amar Mahal Museum, Mansar Lake and Fish Aquarium at Baag-e-Bahu.

Go to various temples in and around Jammu city

Charar-e-Sharief: 
Chrar-e-Sharief is a shrine revered by both Muslims and Hindus dedicated to Sheikh Nooruddin, who was arguably the greatest mystic-saint of Kashmir.

Hari Parbat Fort: 
The Mughal fort situated on the banks of the Dal Lake of Srinagar, it is positioned on top of the Sharika Hill.

Martand Sun Temple: 
The most memorable and beautiful work of King Lalitaditya is the construction of spacious Martand temple, which the emperor got built in honor of the Sun God or Bhaskar.

Sudh Mahadev Temple: 
Situated in the town of Chanhani in the western part of the Jammu 

Raghunath Mandir: 
Situated in the heart of the city and surrounded by a group of other temples. You are guaranteed to be heckled by numerous priests who won't hesitate to grab your wallet and take cash out themselves and claim it's a donation from you to the temple. A loud and firm "Leave me alone" will help, probably.

Bahu Fort:
5kms, Situated on a rock face on the left bank of the river Tawi

Bagh-E-Bahu: 
5kms. These extensive gardens, laid around the Bahu Fort provide a pleasant view of the city. Open 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Do visit the underground aquarium.

The Dargah o Peer Budhan Ali Shah (Peer Baba):
On the backside of the Civil Airport is famous Dargah of the Muslim saint, Peer Budhan Ali Shah

Peer Kho Cave Temple: 
A cave shrine located on the Circular Road, 3.5 kms. From the heart of the town.

Ranbireshwar Temple: 
Located on Shalimar Road near the New Secretariat

Amar Mahal Palace Museum: 
A beautiful red sand stone palace, it stands amidst the most picturesque surroundings of Jammu. Has a restaurant, but don't expect food worth it's "princely" price.

Ranbir Canal: 
A small garden along the Ranbir Canal, 2kms from the heart of the town

Maha Maya Temple and City Forest: 
On the By-pass Road behind Bahu Fort, the city forest surrounds the ancient Maha Maya Temple overlooking the river Tawi.

Mubarak Mandi Palace: 
The oldest buildings in this Palace complex date to 1824.

The Old (and perhaps the only) Bus stand: 
Located near the old town, this chaotic little place is a good place to go to get cheap items targeted at low-income tourists, and you can get some good food at some old joints.

Buy
Here, the main bazaars – Vir Marg, Raghunath Bazaar and Hari Market – are famous for Kashmiri handicrafts, traditional Dogra jewellery and various dry fruits, chiefly walnuts (‘akhrot’) and almonds. Jammu is also known for the superlative quality of its ‘basmati’ rice, ‘rajma’ (red beans), ‘ampapar’ (dried and candied mango peel), ‘anardana’ (dried pomegranate seeds) and ‘barfi’ (milk sweets).

Important: In and around Jammnu the local shopkeepers will call you to show a product like Chingu blanket scheme sponsored by J&K tourism, wherein you will receive a few gifts, including bed sheet, blanket, shawl, carpet etc if you purchased the Chingu blanket, and even claim that after 21 months the 70% of the money will be returned by them, taking the old Chingu blanket from your home and giving you a thank you gift that you have chosen their product to use. The internet is flooded by this fake scheme so be sure not to get caught in to their clutches, as these are not J & K government sponsored products at all and they are making a fool of the visitors.

There are two malls in the Jammu: Wave Mall on Bathindi Road and City Square. Wave also has a cinema.

Eat

There are many good eateries in Jammu. At the higher end are the Imperial Grill, famous for its service and excellent food, along with the Bar Legend, Falak at KC Residency, The Earthen Oven in Fortune, Chinese and Indian restaurants at Hotel Asia and Hari Niwas Palace Hotel. For medium budgets and fast food KC Plaza and Premier can be tried. For the lovers of non-vegetarian cuisine Paras Ram di Hatti is a must visit place. Imperial Grill is in Bahu Plaza, whereas Fortune is on the way to KC Residency and KC Plaza on Residency Road. Asia Hotel is near Gandhi Nagar and Paras Ram Dhaba is near Panjtirthi in the old city. Hotel Ashok and Hari Niwas Palace Hotel are at the far end of Jammu, near Amar Mahal museum.
*Huge utensils to store food (and next to the bus stand) makes it ideal for travellers going in and out of Jammu. Food is tasty and 2 men do rhythmic chapati dough flattening in their fingers and putting it into 2 ovens that churn out abt 5000-6000 parathas and chapatis.

Drink

Sleep

Budget
There are lots of Dhams or Guesthouse inside the temple complex or outside the railway station. They have dormitories for Rs 60 to AC Rs 100 per person and suites. The ones opp station are managed by Vaishno Devi Shrine Board - Vaishnavi, Saraswati, and one more Dham under construction.
The ones at Shivam Temple Complex are abt 200-300 range. Lots of buses run away from Jammu Railway Station to Katra or General Bus Stand so the ones around Jammu Station would admit only families with women and children. Group of Boys and Girls get good options in Katra by above budget.
* 

Mid-range
* 
* Vardaan Jammu is located at a walking distance from Inter State Bus Terminal and 5 minutes drive from Residency Road Shopping Centre. 27 Tastefully decorated rooms, sports cafe', business centre, travel desk, meeting rooms, banquets are among the services available.

Splurge
* 
* 

Get out

* : It is a beautiful place to visit. It has beautiful scenery of mountains. Natural beauty is the main attraction for tourists.
* : It is a famous picnic spot known all over India. The best way to get there is by car. One can also go by bus.
* : Jammu division is mostly famous for Vashno Devi's temple. It is in Katra.