Kahramanmaraş, which used to be known as Maraş in the past, is a city in , located on the crossroad of , and .

Understand

Kahramanmaraş is the capital city of Kahramanmaraş Province in southeastern Turkey. The city lies on a plain at the foot of the Taurus Mountains and has a population of 400,100 as of 2010. The region is best known for its production of salep, a flour made from dried orchid tubers, and its distinctive ice cream.

Get in

By plane
Turkish Airlines operates daily direct flights from , and Anadolu Jet operates direct flights from .

By train
Toros Express in Istanbul, Eskisehir, Afyon, Konya, Adana 

By car
Adana - 2 Hours (230km)
Gaziantep - 55 minutes (80km)

By bus
Available from every city in Turkey

Get around
In the city of Kahramanmaras you can travel with the dolmus minibuses (Fare:1.25 TL), public urban buses (Halk otobüsü) (Fare: 1.15 TL) or taxi.

See

* The Castle Of Kahramanmaras
*The Covered Bazaar of Kahramanmaras
*Pinarbasi
*Ulu Mosque
*Kahramanmaras Zoo - Hanefi Mahcicek Ave. Ungut/Kahramanmaras
*Eshab-ı Kehf (Seven Sleepers) - Afşin/Kahramanmaras
*Taş Medrese - It is close to Ulu Mosque
*Dongel Caves - Kahramanmaras - Kayseri road (57km) Tekir/Kahramanmaras
*Kahramanmaras Museum - Azerbaycan Ave.

Do
*Walk around at Trabzon Ave.
*Covered Bazaar: A must see. A big bazaar, where you can buy clothes, presents etc. There are also a lot of lounges where you can sit.

Buy

Eat

Soups
Tarhana, Eşkili Soup, Döğmeli Mercimekli Soup, Yoğurtlu Döğmeli Soup and Maraş Paçası

Koftes(Burgers)

Simit Köftesi, Kısır Köftesi, Içli Köfte, Sömelek Köfte, Suluyağlı Köfte, Eşkili Köfte, Yoğurtlu Köfte, Yavan köfte, Eşkili Aya Köftesi.

Kebabs

Ice Cream - In Yasar Patiserie Trabzon Ave.

Baklava

Budget
Fare: 3.50 - 4.50 TL

 Cinaralti Kebab (Azerbaycan Ave.)

 Cumhuriyet Lokantasi (Covered Bazaar)

 Antepli Lahmacun (Binevler/Kahramanmaras)

Mid-range
Fare: 4.50 - 10.00 TL

Selale Park Café (Trabzon Ave.)

Kasap Ibrahim (Hukumet Ave.)

Kucuk Ev Kebab (Trabzon Ave.)

Yenisehir Lokantasi (Trabzon Ave.)

Turaç (Sait Zaifoglu Ave. Orman St. No: 101)

Splurge
Fare: 10.00 TL and plus

Sezal Restaurant (Hanefi Mahcicek Ave. near Kahramanmaras Zoo)

Ramada Hotel (4*) (Hanefi Mahcicek Ave. No:286 Ungut/Kahramanmaras) 

Arsan Hotel (4*) (South Highway - Gaziantep Highway Arsancenter Kahramanmaras) 

Drink
*The open-air café at Selale Park is good for a relief and some shade while watching the city during a summer day. 
*All Patiseries and Cafe's in Trabzon Ave. are attractive.

Sleep

Budget
 Arıkan Oteli (Azerbaycan Ave.)

Mid-range

Buyuk Kahramanmaras Oteli (Trabzon Ave.)

Hotel Belli (Trabzon Ave.)

Splurge
Ramada Hotel (4*) (Hanefi Mahcicek Ave. No:286 Ungut/Kahramanmaras) 

Arsan Hotel (4*) (South Highway - Gaziantep Highway Arsancenter Kahramanmaras) 

Stay safe
Kahramanmaras is potentially one of the safest cities in Turkey for its size. There are no slums or districts you should avoid. In general, you can visit any part of the city at any time of the day without taking many risks — just use your common sense. At night, though, it is wise to avoid parks, as well as the area within and around Ulu Mosque and Castle. The drug scene at Castle hangs out there during the day, but they do not care at all about tourists. Just ignore them and they will ignore you.

Get out

*Andirin
*Baskonus
*Yesilgoz
*Tekir
*Dongel Caves