Kenora is a small city in . It had a 2006 population of 15,177. Kenora is the westernmost major centre in Ontario. Surrounded by wilderness and thousands of lakes, and directly situated on the Northern tip of Lake of the Woods, Kenora is in "cottage country" and is a vacation mecca in Central Canada. Kenora's name came from the surrounding areas. Ke - Keewatin, No - Norman, Ra - Rat Portage.

Get in

By plane 

Bearskin Airlines provides air service with multiple daily flights to Kenora from Dryden, Fort Frances, and Winnipeg with same plane service from Sioux Lookout and Thunder Bay. Connections to points beyond are available. Winnipeg airport is a major air traffic hub in Central Canada and is a 2.5 hour drive away with flights available from Canadian, U.S., and international destinations. 

By car 

The Trans-Canada Highway - Highway #17 - passes through Kenora continuing on to the Manitoba border. Highway 17A is the bypass route for Kenora for through traffic. 

By rail 

ViaRail provides service on the Canadian National mainline from Toronto through Northern Ontario to Winnipeg, Manitoba and westward. The closest stop to Kenora is in Redditt, Ontario, 25 minutes North of the city. The stop in Minaki, Ontario, 45 minutes North of Kenora is also an option. There is no public transportation to either communitiy.
By bus 

Greyhound provides service to Kenora from Thunder Bay and Winnipeg, Manitoba along Highway #17, with stops in communities along the route. Excel Coach Lines also provides bus service to Red Lake and Fort Frances. The bus station is a few kilometres outside of downtown Kenora on Highway 17 East.

Get around

Kenora is a very pedestrian-friendly city and downtown area is very conducive to walking. The City of Kenora also runs a transit service on three different routes that runs 6 days a week, Monday through Saturday. Taxi service is also easily available within the city.

See

Lake of the Woods

Kenora is situated on the Northern tip of Lake of the Woods in "cottage country". It is the second largest inland lake in Ontario and a mecca for outdoor enthusiasts. The lake has over 14,000 islands and the vast majority of the waterfront is undeveloped wilderness. Renting a boat, canoe, or kayak or taking a guided tour is a great way to see the lake.

Kenora Heritage Townscape Murals

As you walk or drive down through the streets of Kenora and Keewatin, you will find dozens of large murals painted on the sides of our buildings. These murals represent significant activities or moments in our history and make Kenora what is today. There is a collection of 21 murals in the downtown area. A map and information pamphlet is available from the Tourist Information Centre.

Lake of the Woods Museum

The Lake of the Woods Museum, located at 300 Main Street South, is one of the finest small museums in Canada. The Museum was established in 1964 and seeks to promote understanding of and respect for the cultures and heritage of the Lake of the Woods area, and to engage a diverse community in discovery and learning. Today, this well-established museum is home to a varied and intriguing collection of artifacts and thematic displays and special events.

Keewatin Potholes

Located 1 block south of Highway 17 at 6th St. in Keewatin.These round, cylindrical holes in the outcrop appear to be man-made but they were formed by the action of running water during glaciation. These holes are thought to have formed from water-spun rock fragments that have slowly eroded holes in the bedrock. The Keewatin rockholes provide evidence for glaciation in the Lake of the Woods area and demonstrate that sediment-laden, high-velocity water can perform major and unusual feats of erosion.

M.S. Kenora

The M.S. Kenora is a great way for visitors to the city to experience the unsurpassed splendor of Lake of the Woods. Weighting 205 tons and accommodating a complement of up to 195 passengers, the M.S. Kenora enables tourists and residents alike to see the sights on the Lake. Originally a freight ship on Lake Winnipeg in Manitoba, it was rechristened as the M.S. Kenora in 1984. Since that time, it has delighted passengers with its comfort and the scenic vistas it cruises past. The cruise passes by Coney Island beach, through the scenic channels south of Kenora, and returning through the exciting ‘Devil’s Gap’, a channel guarded by a mythical rock bearing its name. Bald eagles and wildlife can also be sighted. Passengers can enjoy the panoramas in air-conditioned comfort or on the outdoor deck and there is a fully licensed restaurant onboard. A daily dinner cruise is offered and a Sunday brunch cruise. The spectacular scenery and nautical comfort leaves little doubt as to why the M.S. Kenora is one of the region’s most popular attractions.

Do

The possibilities for outdoor adventure are endless! For the truly adventurous, we offer wilderness camping, mountain biking, sailing, parasailing, rock climbing. For the more sedate, golf, fishing, hiking on local trails. And bring your camera! The Lake of the Woods provides a magnificent backdrop for vacation memories.

Beaches

The Kenora area is one of the few places in Canada with beautiful public beaches right in the city! You can drive 10 minutes and be at Rabbit Lake and Garrow Park, just north of town or drive just south (a block south of WalMart) and be at Anicinabe Park with a picinic area, playground and large beach. On the west side of town, you have Norman Park or Keewatin beach. Both have picnic areas and places for you to swim. Have fun! 

Fishing

The Lake of the Woods is home to variety of fish species. Many anglers consider the area to be amongst the best in the world for fishing Walleye, Muskie, and many others.

For the seasoned professional, the majority of lodges are located in the heart of fishing supremacy; some lakes in the area have even been designated as trophy waters. Accommodations offer a variety in bait and lures, as well as boat rentals complete with live wells, fish finders and navigational aids.

For those interested in guide services, the area has several!

Cycling

Cycling in the Kenora area is a do-it-yourself adventure experience. There are some very challenging trails close to town. For the sensation of exposed rugged bedrock and a wonderful view of the town and the lake saddle up and ride to the top of the Little Amik Trail. The trail takes a small loop and is moderately challenging if only approximately one kilometre long. A good warm up.

From the parking lot you can choose to go a little more hardcore to the North or take a scenic ride to the beaches to the South and West. Taking a turn to the left and past the Paper Mill will bring you to Scramble Ave. Go to the end of the street and you will find an advanced level trail which leads to Garrow Park on Rabbit Lake. Be cautious. Many riders have been injured on the rocks, roots and rivulets.

Make your way to the East end of Rabbit Lake and you’ll find a trailhead which leads to the pipeline and hydroline (beside the school board storage building). From here turning left, to the West, will bring you back toward town but you will have to conquer a few hills and swampy sections. Turning right, to the East, is the beginning of the ‘epic’ ride. Big hills, big swamps and some endurance oriented excursion grinding will give you hours of sweat and enjoyment. Don’t worry about getting lost - you are never very far from a road or highway to head home on. If you know you're going to go hard, fill your water bottles and tell someone where you plan to go. Ask at a local bike shop for more information.

Just West of Casey’s Bar & Grill you’ll find scenic Sandy Nook and even further West (just past Keewatin) on Hwy. 17, look for the Mackenzie Portage Road which leads to the moderately challenging Vernon Trails.

A 40 min. drive north on Hwy. 596 will lead you to the Minaki Yurt Adventures race trail. It is a well developed and maintained 25km course featuring some moderate to advanced level riding. They offer bike rentals, lessons, great local hospitality and unique accommodation options.

For those with a pioneering spirit and explorers enthusiasm there is great potential for discovering old logging roads and all terrain vehicle trails in the forest areas. Adventure tourists can take pleasure in the wilde ness, wildlife, landforms and the unique history of the Kenora area as one of the most rugged destinations they may ever ride a bike through.

Skiing

Mount Evergreen, located off the Airport Road, has 11 downhill runs, 2 T-Bar lifts, a Terrain Park, a large & spacious, and 20 km of beginner to expert classic and skate technique cross-country Skiing Trails. Five kilometers of the classic and skate cross-country ski trails are lit in the evening hours for nighttime use. The Rollercoaster, Two Towers, adn Matoo's Trail are amoung the best nordic ski trails in Manitoba and Northwestern Ontario.
Phone: 807-548-5100
Off Season call: 807-468-5377
Website: www.skikenora.com

Vernon Nature Trails, located down McKenzie Portage Roard, offers 5km of groomed classic technique cross-country ski trails through different area ecosystems, ranging from oak ridges, to pine forests, to deciduous woodlands.

The Club Minaki trail system, located approximately 45 minutes North of Kenora, offers 20km of classic technique cross-country ski trails. The Grey Owl and Jackpine trails are highly recommended.

Rushing River Provincial Park, 25 km southeast of Kenora, offers 10 km of groomed classic technique cross-country ski trails along scenic terrain.

Golf

Kenora Golf & Country Club
Golf Course Road, Kenora, ON
Phone 807-468-7995
Web: www.kenoragolf.com/

Beauty Bay Golf Course
Essex Road, Kenora, ON
Phone 807-548-4777

Bergman Driving Range
Phone 807-543-3562

Hunting

Hunting on the Lake of the Woods provides a serene environment with a variety of species to hunt. Traditional bow hunting and other unique hunting experiences are available. Try timber wolf hunting or the fall bear hunt; grouse and duck hunts are always favourites; and of course there is deer and moose hunting available. Many resorts offer hunting packages for the experienced gamesman or the beginner.

Canoeing & Kayaking

Kayaking and canoeing are two perfect ways to experience the truly sublime and picturesque scenery which are unique to the area. The Kenora area features over 20 major canoe routes, as well as several businesses, which offer both rentals, and lessons developed to cater to everyone from beginners to experts.
The Hardwear Company, located at 160 Main St. South, offers anywhere from half day to week long rentals of kayaks and canoes and will provide two hour lessons, off of the Harbourfront, (there is a two person minimum for all lessons). This is a beginners’ course, which teaches the layout of a kayak, how to enter and exit, how to turn, proper stroke technique, as well as how to execute safety maneuvers. The Hardwear Company can be contacted by phone at 807- 468-1226.
Another avenue people may wish to pursue is Green Adventures, which rents all the equipment needed for a kayaking, as well as offers six different tours which range in difficulty from beginner to expert. They also offer more inclusive packages which include the required gear and transportation as well as meals. For more information contact Scott Green at 807-466-7412 or visit his website www.greenadventures.ca.

Buy

Shopping in the City is a truly unique experience - you can find everything from jewelery to jigs, country crafts to computer access.

Green Adventures, 806 River Drive, phone: 807 467 8535

*Family events are planned during holidays such as Easter, Family Day, Thanksgiving.
Activities include pony rides, tractor wagon rides, draft horse sleigh rides and wagon rides, bonfires, pumpkin hunts
trail rides and equestrian lessons are provided year round.

Eat

Kenora has more than 50 restaurants offering traditional fare and ethnic treats!

Drink

There are many popular bars and pubs in the city.

Casey's Bar and Grill next to Super 8 Motel on Hwy 17 West.

Hap's Bar and Grill on Main St. with an outdoor patio facing the Harbourfront.

Shooters in the Lake of the Woods Hotel on Matheson Street. Offers live music and exotic dancers on select nights.
*Friendly, warm and clean atmosphere, featuring homemade fresh soup, bread, salads,appetizers, pizza, ribs, curry chicken and more. Deep fried pickles and jalapeño poppers and daily fresh borsch are a few favorites at 901 Westside
*Keewatin's only bar. Located centrally right beside the Keewatin Legion and the one laned bridge.

Sleep
*Anchor Inn is a nice little Inn with some cottages.
*Fisherman rates, hunting rates, group rates for hockey teams, weddings etc., December Shopping rates, March Break Promotions. email: cn272@whg.com

Contact

Tourism Kenora provides visitor information services within the Kenora region. The bureau can be reached at 1-800-535-4549 or (807)-467-4637. The Lake of the Woods Discovery Centre with visitor information is located at on Highway 17 West, a few kilometers from the downtown area. In the summer months, there is a branch office located in the Thistle Pavillion on the Harbourfront off Bernier Drive.

Get out

Kenora is only 45 minutes from the border, 2 hours from , Manitoba, 3 hours from the border and 6 hours from .