Kherson is a major city in . Kherson currently serves as the de facto administrative center for the exiled autonomous republic government. As well as the administrative center for the .

Get in

By plane

Kherson International Airport () is about 10 km from the city centre.

Airport serves scheduled flights to (twice daily, operated by Ukraine International Airlines and to (daily, operated by Turkish Airlines Both carriers provide connection flights to wide range of international destinations. There're also flights from by Lauda. Ryanair offers flights between Polish cities of and . 

You can consider also using Odessa International Airport () which is 200 km away from Kherson.

By bus

Central bus station (1 Polkovnyka Kedrovskogo st.; old street name: Budionogo st.) serves both domestic and international routes. There are buses from , , , , . Numerous bus routes connect Kherson with major Ukrainian cities as well as Kherson region destinations. Frequent private owned shuttle buses to , , Kahovka, Skadovsk, Zaliznyi Port can be found on the opposite site of bus station in from of gas station. Shuttle buses usually don't have fixed schedule and depart when full.

Suburban bus station (or Kherson-2; 22 Mayakovskogo st.) serves routes around Kherson region, including rural areas.

By train

Kherson railway station is located in the city center and is easily accessible by public transport. There are trains to , , , , , , and many others. Trains from Mykolayiv to , stops in Kherson and runs on even dates. There are also a number of suburban trains to Mykolayiv, Novovesela, Vadym, Brylivka, and Apostolove.

To travel from/to Kherson by train, be sure to buy tickets in advance. All train tickets - inscribed, while boarding the train you need to show your ID. The national train company is state-owned Ukrainian Railways "Укрзалізниця/Ukrzaliznytsya". The tickets can be booked online. For more details see page.

Get around

See
* Kherson Regional Museum [[1]
There are various regional museums in Kherson such as the Kherson Regional Museum. The museum can be found at Vulytsya Soborna, 9 (Ukrainian: Вулиця Соборна, 9). The museum contains various historical artefacts.

Do

Buy

Eat

Drink
John Howard's Whiskey Club is very popular among locals and foreigners. Discos such as Millenium, Chocolate, and Amigos are nice as well.

Sleep
The Diligence Hotel is a Western standard hotel. It has very nice accommodations. It is one block from the main city center street.

Contact

Get out