Kirkenes is a city in the region of . The municipal tourist information is at the public library downtown. Mining iron ore is resuming. The area was a major WW II site.

Understand

Get in
By road
Kirkenes is at the very end of the all-through-Norway (and half of Europe) highway E6. You can also enter by road from northern Finland (via about 7 hours), and northwestern Russia (via about 3 hours + border formalities). If you want to come from southern Norway by car, cutting through Sweden and Finland is actually faster.
Long-distance buses with connections to most of Norway.
Buses to Finland (summer only): 

By sea
Kirkenes is the northern turnaround port ( being southern) of the arguably the most beautiful sea voyage of the planet, covering most of the Norwegian coast in 5-6 days.

By air
Due to its distance from the rest of the civilized world, most people choose to arrive and depart by plane, at Høybuktmoen airport () () some 15 km outside town. Daily flights to , and others by Norwegian SAS and Wideroe Also flights to Russia and Germany (summer only). Most flights have a bus to town waiting outside 85 NOK, credit cards accepted. A taxi will set you back some NOK 300.
On certain occasions it is considerably cheaper to fly into in Finland, some 240 km away.

By Train
Although there is a railroad here, it is for ore only. Real adventurous spirits should be aware that you can connect to the Russian network in the border town of , travelling as far as , , and .

Get around
Local buses Long distance busses leave outside the main shopping center in the middle of town. Some busses only take cash, however there is an ATM inside the shopping center. is a good website to plan your travels.

See
* The midnight sun in summer
* The Aurora Borealis
* The Russian border, including the three-borders-mark, where also Finland joins in. Caution should be exercised; presume all movement is under surveillance near the border.
*The Grenselandmuseet, a museum that includes a fine exhibition of woodcuts by the Sami artist Jon Savio as well as much on the history and lifestyle of the far north of Norway.

Do
Fishing, both salt and fresh water, including salmon. Hiking.
*A number of offers, the most desired being a King Crab Safari, catch guaranteed!
* Local summer festival Kirkenes Days around the first week of August multiplies the activity level.

Buy

Eat
* King Crab: Red King crab is an invasive species in these waters. Brought to the Murmansk fjord by Soviets during the 50s and 60s. Originaly from the Bering streight. Great taste!

Drink
Try Ritz or Ofelas.

Sleep
Budget
* There is a camping site between the airport and town, up the hill after the bridge as you drive towards town. Also rents cabins. Summer only.

Mid-range
* 
* 
* 
* Has a good restaurant.
* 

Splurge
* For the dark and cold months only
* 
* 
* 

Cope
* If you plan on crossing the border into , you will probably need a visa. In theory, this should be obtainable at the Russian Consulate in Kirkenes, but you might find it worthwhile to pay any local travel agency a little extra for the job.
* If you are heading for , and feel that you need some euros, there is an ATM at the DnB bank that will hand them over.

Stay safe

Get out
* Go up the Pasvik valley for quite a change of fauna. Here you find the last bit of the enormous Russian Taiga, a pine forest that stretches all the way to Siberia. At the southern end of the valley (105 km of paved road, 15 km of dirt, then 1h15m walking) is the Tri-Border Mark, where Norway, Russia, and Finland meet. Heavy fines for trespassing into Russia! 
* At Grense Jakobselv, the open Barents Sea washes a beautiful sandy shore. Never gets above 8 celsius, though! You can also peek at the "King Oscar II" church.
* The highest peak around is "Øretoppen", at 466 meters. It is a 2-hour hike along a marked path from Ropelv, where buses go. Magnificent views in a landscape of large stones spread upon the hills.
*Visit , a Russian city famous by murals and the deepest drilled place on the Earth. 

 
}}