The twin cities of Laredo and , , which celebrated their 250th anniversary in 2005, are situated on the banks of the Rio Grande. Laredo, which has a population of 207,787, has been governed under seven national flags. Nuevo Laredo has a burgeoning population of 355,827. The twin cities are collectively referred to as Los Dos Laredos. The weather is moderate in winter months around 68째F (20째C) but sizzling in mid-summer around 100째F (39째C).

This city is the commercial hub of the , which is primarily an agricultural region. It offers entertainment, education, and cultural resources that fit well with its Hispanic heritage. Laredo is one of the fastest growing cities in the .

Non-US nationals are recommended to carry their immigration documents with them even if they do not plan on crossing the border into Neuvo Laredo, Mexico. There are check points on your way back from Laredo where they might be asked to show your immigration documents.

Non-US citizen having a valid US visa who decide to cross the border and enter Mexico should be prepared for a long wait at the CBP detention center/check post to get back into US, even with all the necessary documentation. It might not be a pleasant one, but can be minimized by crossing at off hours or by using alternative crossings, such as the Colombia bridge.

Get in

By air
 Laredo International Airport () (), has scheduled direct flights from / (80 minutes), (80 minutes), and (165 minutes) via American Eagle, United Express, and Allegiant Air.

By car
Laredo is accessible by car via Interstate 35, and US Highways 59 and 83. I-35 is the U.S. portion of the Pan American Highway that stretches from to .

By bus
Laredo is served by Greyhound and several cross border Mexican bus lines such as Turimex Internacional and Autobuses Americanos. All intercity buses depart from a central bus terminal in Downtown which is located at 610 Salinas Ave.

Get around
*El Metro, is the city's municipal bus service, offering scheduled routes as well as paratransit services. Laredo is quite spread out, so car rental is an attractive local transportation alternative. Rideshare such as Uber and Lyft are now available in the city as well.

See
Historic attractions in old Laredo include Plaza San Augustin (where various dance, music and crafts festivals take place throughout the year), the Republic of the Rio Grande Museum, and El Mercado, the old city hall.

Do
Wildlife game abound in south Texas, so Laredo is a popular destination for hunters and fishermen. Birders can spot the Great Kiskadee, White-tipped Dove, Green Jay, Scrub Jay, Red-billed Pigeon, Audubon's Oriole and possibly the White-Collared Seedeater in the region.

*Activities include picnic areas, fishing, and camping (nightly site fees $15+).

*
*A branch of the famous Austin movie theater chain which also has a full restaurant service.

Buy
Mexican souvenirs and crafts are plentiful in local marts, especially the myriad importers along San Bernardo. For example, visit Marti's for antiques, furnishings, folk art, jewelry, ceramics and local in Nuevo Laredo or San Antonio, Texas, where Marti's is now open at 310 W. Commerce, downtown, San Antonio.

*Thomas Grocery, 206 Juarez Ave, +1 956-729-7379.

Eat

*El Tesoro Club, 1000 Zaragoza, in La Posada Hotel, Tel: (956) 722-1701. Famous for its Sunday brunch. 
*El Pescador, 207 Shiloh Drive, Tel: (956) 725-8207, and 3919 San Dario, Tel: (956) 724-8958 specializes in Mexican seafood.

Also, beef is a popular item on any menu in this area.

*Sirloin Stockade5301 San Dario Ave, This is a buffet and steak restaurant in one. Many choices and you will never leave hungry.
*
*Authentic Tapas experience without traveling to Europe! Excellent menu, spirits, service. Located conveniently near the Laredo airport in a brand new, lovely building. Modest prices for excellently prepared food, many, many choices. We ate late one evening, the kitchen closed shortly after, but diners are welcome to stay at their tables long after. True hospitality. 

Drink
The drinking age in Texas, as in the rest of the US, is 21, but the drinking age in the state of Tamaulipas, as in the rest of Mexico, is 18. Many Texan high school seniors and college students from San Antonio and Austin make their way to Nuevo Laredo to drink.

Sleep

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
*Historic hotel built in 1916. Lovely Spanish colonial style, affordable, friendly, good in-house dining has two pools, one heated!, one not. 
*All Suite hotel

Stay safe
Laredo, overall, is a very safe city to work or visit. As in all other border towns, always be aware of your surroundings. Residents of Texas are allowed to carry concealed firearms after a background check, however it is illegal to transport any guns or ammunition into Mexico. Doing so can result spending time in a Mexican jail.

Get out
Day trips by car can take you to TX (less than 1 hour to the south) for hunting, fishing and nature observation/birding; and to (less than two hours to the east) a ranching heritage town, and home of the King Ranch Museum. Cross over the bridge to and visit nearby , , , and for a taste of Mexican history, environment and lifestyles.