Moline is one of the in .

Understand
Moline is located in Rock Island County, Illinois, United States, with an estimated population of 43,016 in 2007. Moline is one of the Quad Cities, along with neighboring East Moline and Rock Island in Illinois and the cities of Davenport and Bettendorf in Iowa. The corporate headquarters of Deere & Company is located in Moline, as is Quad City International Airport, Black Hawk College, and the Quad Cities campus of Western Illinois University. Moline is a retail hub for the Illinois Quad Cities, as Southpark Mall and numerous big-box shopping plazas are located in the city.
In the mid-1990s, the city undertook major efforts to revitalize its central business district, which had declined after suburban growth and retail changes after the 1950s and 1960s. Today, Moline's downtown again serves as one of the civic and recreational hubs of the Quad Cities; many events take place at the 12,000-seat i wireless Center (formerly known as The MARK of the Quad Cities) and at John Deere Commons.

Get in
Moline is located approximately 165 miles west of Chicago and midway between Minneapolis to the north and St. Louis to the South. 37.4 million people reside within a 300-mile radius of Moline, which comprises almost 13% of the nation’s population. Moline and its neighbors help form the largest urban concentration between St. Louis and Minneapolis along the Mississippi River. Major interstates I-80, I-88 and I-74 provide ready access in all directions, making the region a preferred location for logistics and distribution facilities. 
 
The Quad City International Airport, the third largest airport in Illinois is proudly located in Moline and serves the regional Quad City area. Currently, five airlines offer non-stop flights to twelve cities, including Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas-Ft. Worth, Denver, Detroit, Memphis, Minneapolis/St. Paul, Orlando, Fort Myers, Phoenix-Mesa, and Tampa, with hundreds of domestic and international connections available beyond those cities. On-site fueling and ground handling services are available. To track a flight, log onto www.qcairport.com, and click on flight tracker or click the “arrivals and departures” button for a list of on-time flight status.

Get around
See all of the Quad Cities from the Channel Cat Water Taxi, an open air boat that transports people and bicycles to Iowa and Illinois shorelines.

 The LOOP is a riverfront circulator bus that crosses two bridges in two states and services downtown Moline, Rock Island, Davenport and Bettendorf. Ride for $1 per trip, during these hours: Thursday - Saturday 5 pm - 1:30 am; Sunday 11:30 - 6 pm. Buses run approximately every 20 minutes.

See
*A fun place to learn about John Deere and climb on a Combine.

*The Deere & Company World Headquarters is located on 1,400 acres of beautifully kept land and is home to a variety of wildlife including white tail deer, ducks, geese and swans. The display floor of the World Headquarters is open to visitors 365 days a year, from 9:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. Visitors can look at displays of antique John Deere equipment, and get up close and personal with a variety of the company's new equipment offerings. They'll also find a selection of product literature.

Do

Buy

Eat

Drink

Sleep
*

Contact

Get out