Montpellier is one of the principal cities in the region in southwest .

Understand
Climate
Montpellier has a Mediterranean climate like the one found all around the Mediterranean coast of Europe. Montpellier has slightly cooler weather year-round (but mainly colder winters) than other cities in the French Riviera such as , and , since it's not protected by mountains. Winters are rainy and cold but nighttime temperatures don't usually get below freezing and daytime temperatures stay above 10°C (50°F). Cold waves do hit Montpellier occasionally and the mercury can dip below -5°C (23°F) and, in rarer cases, below -10°C (14°F). The record low is -17°C (1°F). Snow is very uncommon in the city but flurries can be seen once or twice per year. The last heavy snowfall was in February 2018. 

Summers are hot and sunny with temperatures usually ranging from 30°C (86°F) to 18-20°C (65-68°F). Heat waves don't usually affect Montpellier and temperatures above 32°C (90°F) aren't that common. The record high is 37.5°C (99.5°F). Rainfall isn't completely absent during the summer since light showers do occur sometimes. 

Get in

By plane
Montpellier Méditerranée Airport (), formerly Fréjorgues Airport, is situated to the south-east of the city.

A bus service called Navette operates at the Place de l'Europe tram stop. Cost is €1.60 or €2.40 to add an extension bus/tramway ride. Note that TaM day tickets are not accepted on the bus.

The airport is fairly well connected by way of Air France's central hub in . Ryanair flies from -Bradford (LBA), -Charleroi (CRL), -Hahn (HHN), although on a reduced timetable over the winter months. 

EasyJet runs a service from Gatwick and seasonal departures from London Luton. Transavia.com also offers direct flights - Montpellier.

A taxi to the city center should cost no more than 30 euros in the daytime. Beware that if you arrive in a busy period you may have to wait for up to 30 minutes for a taxi as they are often all taken when a flight arrives from Paris, also they only take up to four people so if you are a family of five or a small group you have to pay for two taxis. 

There are chauffeur-driven cars and vans available on the internet and if you book in advance you do not have to wait at the airport, they are less expensive than two taxis and there are several companies listed on the internet under chauffeur Montpellier. You can also request an English-speaking chauffeur.

By train
Montpellier's main train station is Montpellier St. Roch. It is serviced by a TGV connection from , 3hr 15min, , 4hr 50min and , 1hr 40 min, Valence 1h 45 min, 4-5h. It is also serviced by the AVE service to 3h. Most destinations in Southern France are also easily accessible by rail from Montpellier.
As of July 2018 Montpellier has two train stations, Montpellier St. Roch and Montpellier Sud de France. The new train station creates a bit of confusion, so carefully verify the specific station when booking travel.

By bus

There is a coach station situated in the city center, less than 500m from the main train station.

By car

From the A9 motorway, take any of the 5 exits that serve Montpellier: 
*Vendargues
*Montpellier Est
*Montpellier Sud
*Montpellier Ouest
*Saint Jean de Vedas

The A75 is free of charge between Clermont-Ferrand and Montpellier, excepting the Millau viaduct.

Park at a tramway station (eg Occitanie, Jacou) and take a tram: parking in the town center can be hard, so be sure to have your license.

By boat

The nearest seaport, situated in has ferry crossings to the , Mahgreb, and .

Get around
Montpellier is a compact city and walking across the whole city center does not take long.

By bike

The tourist information office has a map Montpellier à vélo, which shows you where the best places to go by bike are and places where it is dangerous to cycle. The city has an extensive network of cycle paths, often separated from traffic for added safety. There is also a bike path running all the way to the beaches at Palavas-les-Flots and Carnon. The ride from the city to the beach takes about an hour.

Bikes may be rented at machines (VéloMagg in various places in the city center including Virgin, the tourist office on the place de la comedie and the main TAM Velo office, located adjacent to the train station. The price is 2€ for one day. (Be careful that 150€ Euro per bike is deducted as soon as you rent a bike from the machine.)
Just remember, if you are cycling in the old center, that there are streets that are actually staircases and although they are a sight to behold (the rue du bras de fer), a glorified shopper bike will not tackle them as well as a fully suspended Cannondale.

Be advised that whereas a smart card allows a 24h/day use, only a small subset of the Velo Magg kiosks operate on Sundays, in which case it may be better to visit one of the manned offices, either adjacent to the train station or near l'Opéra.

By bus
Montpellier has a comprehensive public bus system. Many buses leave from the stops in front of the train station. Buses use the same tickets as the tram; you can purchase tickets from the automatic machines located at each tram stop, or you may purchase tickets from the driver. If you purchase a ticket from a machine, be sure to validate it in the machine when boarding. Also, be warned that bus service is limited notably on Sundays, and the last buses run before 9:00 all week except for a handful of lines.

From the Perols-Etang d'Or tram terminus:
*The "Navette des Plages" bus runs non-stop to the "Face a la Plage" beach (between Palavas les Flots and La Grande Motte). There are a couple of cafes on the beach. TaM tickets allow travel on the bus at no extra charge.
*Bus 1 of Transp'Or runs to Palavas

From Garcia Lorca tram stop:
*Bus 131 runs to Palavas-les-Flots.

L'Amigo is a night bus service that runs from the main bus stop in front of the train station to the nightclubs on the outskirts of town. 

By car
There are several parking lots in the city center. However, it is inadvisable to travel in the city center by car as it gets busy, you will get stuck in traffic, and it's not very well signposted. The city center is also a traffic-free zone! Your best bet is to park by a tram station at the end of a line such as Odysseum on line 1 or Sabines on line 2, but if you do insist on driving, parking in the Polygone shopping center will save you a lot of your precious spending money! 
Chauffeur-driven minivans with 7 passengers provide an alternative to taxis which are mostly saloon cars with 3/4 passengers max. They are competitively priced and can be hired by the day or half-day for tours of the region surrounding Montpellier. This also can be a solution if there are more than four in your group, for your airport transfers as a minivan is less expensive than two taxis. Often when you arrive at Montpellier airport there are no taxis available and you have to wait for up to thirty minutes in the baking hot sun. I used Méditerranée Transfers for my transfer from Montpellier to Marseille and was very pleased with the service and price.
Keep in mind that cabs cannot get you to locations within the pedestrianized zones in the city center, but they can get you pretty close to your destination. It may require a bit of planning in advance to identify the best drop-off place and route.
 
By tram

The Montpellier tram service features four lines: line 1 from West to East(MossonOdysseum) line 2 from South-West to North-East(Saint-Jean-de-VedasJacou) line 3 from West to South-East (JuvignacPerols/Lattes) line 4 circle line (Albert 1erSaint-Denis). A fifth is currently being built.

The trams tend to be a very pleasant way of traveling across the city, they are clean and comfortable, offering a better view of the city as a whole than traveling on buses. Trams arrive every 3-5 min at peak hours but less frequently at night, once every 15min. One major advantage of the tram is that it operates until midnight (1 am during the weekends), making much more of the city easily accessible after dark. Ticket prices are the same as for the buses and the tickets are interchangeable. 

Purchase tickets before boarding - there are multi-lingual ticket machines at each tram stop. A day pass is available and is recommended for anyone who plans to see anything outside of the center. Longer-term passes are available as well from the TaM office situated across from the train station. Be sure to validate your ticket in the machines, as being found without a valid ticket will result in an on-the-spot fine of around 30 euros). Not speaking French or being a traveler will not be accepted as an excuse.

See
Of particular interest in the old centre
* Antigone District - neo-classical architecture district
* La Cathédrale Saint-Pierre, L'Ecole de Médecine, and Le Musée d'Anatomie
* La Place de la Comédie
* La Place Royale du Peyrou
* Les Jardin des Plantes (Botanical Garden)
* L'Hôtel des Trésoriers de la Bourse 
* Musee Fabre - art museum.

Do

* Take a walk on the Esplanade one day when the weather is nice (it is most of the time). It is lined with trees, benches, a couple of outdoor restaurants, and often the tents of a market selling clothing and food and is a lovely place to spend the afternoon. Keep to the well-lit part at night unless you wish to buy drugs or be mugged or both (this has improved since a new police station was opened close by recently). The police station is right next to the tourist information building so all your tourism needs are located right next to each other.
* Visit the Parc Zoologique (zoo), 50 Avenue Agropolis The zoo has an extensive outdoor area with animals from Africa, the Americas, Asia, and Oceania, (free admission), and the indoor La Serre Amazonienne (Amazonian Rainforest. Take the tram to St Eloi then the "La Navette" bus.
*Walk through the new Antigone district. Start off from the Place de la Comédie, walking past the Ibis Montpellier Comedie hotel (the tall stepped hotel), through the Centre Commercial le Polygone (the large shopping mall), and through the entire Antigone district, until you reach the river (around 20 minutes walk). Enjoy the tremendous neo-classical architecture, the symmetries, patterns, and sheer scale. In the end, you can look back at the beautiful semi-circle buildings folding around you, and ahead of the glossy and stylish Languedoc-Roussillon regional headquarters. There are several restaurants on the banks of the river.
*Head to the nearby beaches at Palavas-les-Flots, Carnon, or La Grande-Motte. Public transport connections are available (see "By bus" section).

Learn
Alliance Francaise Montpellier, 17, rue Marceau, ☎ +33 (0)981 330 103 (info@af-montpellier.com ) Learn French in the South of France. Intensive and regular french courses for young and adult students. French and cultural discovery: cultural activities, art, historical heritage, intercultural exchanges, and guided tours. The school is placed downtown, next to the medieval monuments.

Events
There're many music events in Montpelier. The city is a home of several techno and trance music festivals like Palmarosa Festival (end of August) or Disco Tropisme (beginning of October). All festivals are one day and night events.

Buy
For upscale shoppers, the best bet is in centre-ville. There is an abundance of clothing stores, the most high-end being found on the main streets leading away from the Place de la Comedie and on the rue Foch. For those with a more modest budget, the Polygone shopping center, also near La Comedie, contains a large variety of stores, including major French chains such as Inno and FNAC. There is also a small area in the center where most of the 'offbeat' shops have typically clustered together, along with plenty of kebab shops and sandwiches. 

If you like to haggle and want a different experience, there is an enormous flea market every Sunday morning. Take the blue line tram all the way to the last stop at Mosson, and then just follow the crowd of people. The market sells just about everything under the sun, including brand-name clothing, movies (mostly pirated), and the usual assortment of household odds and ends. Haggling is the norm but the prices are generally reasonable to start with. The market (marche aux puces) is particularly well-known as a place to buy bicycles, although be sure of the quality before you buy. There have been 'some' reports of stolen bikes turning up at the market as well.

Visit Sauramps bookstore (Le Triangle, at one end of la Comedie) and the Gibert Joseph bookstore (at the Place de la Prefecture). These independent bookstores are real treasures for the city and offer a wide variety of topics and languages.
* Le Bookshop Great for language learners, this English language bookshop and café has weekly language exchanges, a book club, children's story-telling, creative writing workshops, and a host of other events. Located near the Halles Castellan in the center of town, it is run by Marit and Dario.
Numerous specialized shops may be found in the vicinity of Rue Saint-Guilhem and Rue de l'Ancien Courrier, including comics (Azimuts), gaming (Excalibur, Lud'm, Games Workshop), Japanese arcade, and takoyaki in Rue de la Friperie, and medieval crafts and goods in Rue des Soeurs Noires (Le Prince de Saint Gilles).

Eat
Montpellier is very cosmopolitan for a city of its size and has a wide variety of ethnic cuisines available, in addition to traditional French food. The center features a plethora of over-the-counter sandwich shops and similar places specializing in kebabs (nearly as many of these as there are hair salons and real estate agencies). If you're looking for the classic French cafe experience, try any one of the many bistros near La Place de la Comedie. For a good coffee in a more relaxed atmosphere, there's also a nice cafe near the Louis Blanc tramway stop.
* Cheap and delicious. The ambiance is bright, clean, and welcoming. The food is fresh, typically Vietnamese, and pretty cheap. Highly recommended.

Montpellier is dotted with eateries ranging from very touristy to truly authentic. Geography plays a large role here: the matrix of restaurants in the town square generally cater to visitors who are optimizing for convenience, but not for price or quality so much. Head away from the city center -north, south, west, but generally not east--for a more genuine experience.
* 
* 

Drink
France is the country for wine and the Languedoc Roussillon region produces more annually than the whole of Australia! There are too many varieties to name here (it deserves its own wiki) but as a pointer for red try a mid-priced pic st loup The white for the local seafood and especially the oysters is picpoul de Pinet, no need for lemon juice! During the summer months, many people stick to rose, but a lot of restaurants also serve chilled red wine. For sweet-tooths, the neighboring towns of Lunel and Frontignan produce good quality muscat and have their own appelations.

The apéritif liquor of the south of France is Pastis, which, while not for everyone, is a definite part of the local culture. Pastis should normally be served onto a single ice cube and then diluted to taste. There are, however, several bizarre permutations of this drink that can be concocted using grenadine, mint syrup, and orgeat (almond and rose flower)

Bars
There are hundreds of bars/cafes spread throughout the city center. Many serve cocktails and at least some food. Note that many bars have a "Happy Hour" period in the evening where drink prices are reduced.

*There are clusters of bars with large outdoor areas in the Place de la Comedie, and the Place Castellane further west.
* 
* 
* Guinness, Kilkenny and Strongbow cider on tap. Owned by the same family as O'Carolan's up near place Sainte Anne.
* Enjoy the terrasse at this bar, one of the gay headquarters of the town.
* 
*Popular bar in a pleasant square near the university, with an extensive selection of European beers and lower prices than most other bars.

Clubs
* Dance music, and affordable drinks, located near the train station in the center of town. Student-friendly.
* 
* Opens after the bars close, and features an indoor smoking room and a lower-level dance floor that can be viewed on gold-framed monitors from the upper-level bar.
* Open every night except for Mondays, multi cultural club. Free entry and cheap drinks. on weekends the Latin music room is open (salsa, reggaeton, bachata, etc.).

Sleep
* Hotel in the center of town, offering 69 rooms, free WI-FI, flat screen & Canal+, bathroom.
* 
* 

Get out
*Historic village of St Guilhem le Desert or cross by foot the famous devils' bridge (Pont de diable) and visit the pottery museum in the village of St Jean de Fos. There are several companies offering these tours on the internet under chauffeur-driven minivans Montpellier.
*
*
*
*