Moscow (: Москва) is the largest city and capital of . An iconic, global city, and as the largest European metropolis, Moscow has played a central role in the development of Russia and the world. For many, the sight of the Kremlin complex in the centre of the city is still loaded with symbolism and history. Moscow was the capital of the former and signs of its previous life are still very visible. Yet, there is more to Russia and its capital than just memories of the USSR. Architectural gems from the time of the Russian Empire are still dotted throughout Moscow, whilst signs of modern Tsars (or at least people with similar levels of wealth) abound. During the recent years the city underwent major renovations and now it is one of the most modern European cities.

Understand 
Moscow is the financial and political center of Russia and the countries formerly comprising the Soviet Union. It has a population of around 13 million and an area of 2,511km², after an expansion in 2012. One-tenth of all Russian citizens live in the Moscow metropolitan area. Moscow is the most populous city in Europe. Moscow is in the UTC+3 time zone; there is no daylight saving time.

The Moskva River bends its way through the city with most of the sites of tourist interest on the northern bank of the river. The other major waterway is the Yauza River, which flows into the Moskva east of the Kremlin. 

Much of Moscow's geography is defined by the 3 'Ring Roads' that circle the city at various distances from the center, roughly following the outline of the walls that used to surround Moscow. With Red Square and the Kremlin forming the very center, the innermost ring road is the Boulevard Ring (Bulvarnoye Koltso), built in the 1820s where the 16th-century walls used to be. It runs from the Christ the Saviour Cathedral in southwest central Moscow, to the mouth of the Yauza in southeast central Moscow.

The next ring road, the Garden Ring (Sadovoe Koltso), derives its name from the fact that landowners near the road in Tsarist times were obligated to maintain gardens to make the road attractive. In Soviet times, the road was widened, and there are now no gardens there.

The Third Ring Road, completed in 2004, is not much use for tourists but is a heavily used motorway which absorbs a bit of Moscow's traffic. It roughly follows the outline of Kamer-Kollezhsky val, the customs and passport boundary of Moscow between 1742 and 1852. The outer edge of Moscow is largely defined by the Moscow Ring Road (widely known by its abbreviation: MKAD-Moskovskaya koltsevaya Automobil Naya Dorota), a motorway which is 108km long and encircles the entire city (similar to London's M25 and Paris' Périphérique).

Climate

Moscow has a humid continental climate with freezing winters and warm summers, with rainfall evenly distributed throughout the year, measuring 707mm on average. Winters are cold with the average February temperature being -6.7°C (19.9°F) with low temperatures around -10°C (14°F) and highs around -4°C (24°F). Lows do occasionally reach -20°C (-4°F) and during cold waves from Siberia it can plunge to -30°C (-22°F). On the other hand, when the wind blows from the west, high temperatures may rise above freezing and they can reach 5°C (41°F), allowing rain to fall 3.5 days each winter, on average. 
Although snow coverage usually forms by the beginning of November and melts by the end of March or early April, significant alternations may happen depending on the year. Freezing conditions usually continue to persist in March and sometimes last until mid-April. The last snowfall is around 15th April. In May the Russian capital is reached by the first gusts of warm weather and temperatures cease to fall below freezing. However sudden snowfalls are still possible, with the last one being on 7th May 2014 which lasted for about an hour. Summers are warm with an average July temperature 19.2°C, with highs around 25°C (77°F) and lows around 15°C (59°F). The area is affected by heat waves and this may cause high temperatures to rise above 30°C (86°F), but these periods are usually short. Nights with below 10°C (50°F) lows may also occur. Autumn is characterized by rapidly falling temperatures and the first snowfall is around 25th October.

Get in
See for visa requirements to Russia.

By plane 
Moscow () has four airports:

Sheremetyevo International Airport
 Sheremetyevo International Airport, (), +7 495 232-6565, is 32km northwest of the centre of Moscow, in the city of . There are 6 terminals: A (business charter aviation), B (Aeroflot domestic flights), C (closed for renovations), D, E, and F. Terminals D, E, and F are south of the runway and are connected to each other by walkway. Most Aeroflot international flights operate to/from Terminal D. Sheremetyevo International Airport serves approximately 33 million passengers per year.

The airport has plenty of ATMs and currency exchange offices, duty free shops, a hairdresser, a pharmacy, and several overpriced cafes and basic restaurants. Unlimited free WiFi is available. There is also a hotel on the 5th floor of the AeroExpress terminal. 

If you have a layover at Sheremetyevo Airport, you may stay at the Hotel Novotel Moscow Sheremetyevo Airport even if you do not have a Russian visa. Go to the 'Transfer/Transit Without Visa' desk upon arrival. You'll be escorted to the hotel in a private bus and stay in a corridor with personal security guard. Rooms are spacious and comfortable. You'll be picked up by Aeroflot staff about one hour prior to departure and the bus will bring you directly to the departure gate. The hotel offers rates for stays during the day as well as overnight rates.

To travel between the airport and the city:
* Aeroexpress is the only rail link to the airport. Trains operate between the airport and the Belorussky Railway Terminal in the northwest section of the city centre. Trains depart every 30 or 60 minutes from 5:00AM to 12:30AM. The journey takes 35 minutes and costs RUB500 one-way if you buy your ticket at the airport or RUB450 if you buy your ticket in advance (4 to 90 days) online or via mobile app (November 2018). The intermediary stop at the Okruzhnaya station allows quite an easy transfer to the circular commuter train line (Em-Tse-Ka, see more details in the Get Around section below). Keep your paper or mobile ticket for the entire Aeroexpress journey. From the Belorussky Railway Terminal, the journey to the city center takes an additional 20 minutes by metro.

* Bus #851 (RUB55 for a 90 minute transfer ticket purchased from the driver) and Bus #949 (RUB75) operate service between the terminals and the Rechnoy Vokzal Metro Station, at the northwest terminus of Metro Line 2 (dark green). In the terminal D the ticket machine that accepts credit cards too, is located right at the bus stop. If taking the regular bus, the driver hands you a red card, which you scan in order to get past the metal turning gate. The majority of drivers don't speak any English, so don't depend on them for assistance. Once you get off the bus, continue by foot a few steps in the direction the bus was going in, and you'll see the metro station on your right in the first opening between the buildings. When returning to the airport, after leaving the Rechnoy Vokzal metro station, cross the street, go around the fence on the other side of the street and look for the bus under the orange-colored shopping center.

* Bus #817 (RUB55 for a 90 minute transfer ticket purchased from the driver) or Bus #948 (RUB75) operate service between the terminals and the Planernaya Metro Station, at the northwest terminus of Metro Line 7 (purple). The journey by bus to the metro stations takes approximately 40 minutes and the journey to the city centre by metro takes an additional 40 minutes. Buses operate from approximately 5:30AM to 00:45AM.

* Night Bus H1 operates every 30 minutes after the other buses have stopped. The bus operates between the airport and the Leninskiy Prospect Metro Station.

* Fixed Price Official Taxis are available, with the price based on the destination neighborhood. A fixed price official taxi costs RUB1,800 to the city centre. Note that there is a toll of RUB100 for taking the highway to/from Sheremetyevo Airport.

* Taxi apps are available, with the price based on the destination neighborhood. Prices on Uber are fixed at rates of RUB850-1,000, before surge pricing, depending on distance. Transfers to the other Moscow airports cost a fixed rate, before surge pricing, of RUB1,500.

* Driving past the toll bar should be avoided whenever possible as there are fees to do so. In addition to entry charge of RUB100/hour (rounded up to the next hour), after entering the toll bar, there is an extra charge from RUB100/hour to RUB300/hour, depending on the distance from the entrance and the comfort of parking—with an unofficial option of an unlimited-time stay for RUB300. However, there are unofficial parking lots near the airport, with daily rates starting at RUB200.

Domodedovo Airport

 Domodedovo International Airport, (), +7 495 933-6666, is 45km southeast of the centre of Moscow. It carries slightly more passengers than Sheremetyevo International Airport on an annual basis. The airport is the base of S7 Siberian Airlines. Free WiFi is available throughout the airport. There are plenty of overpriced cafes, bars, restaurants, and shops in the airport. Even if you are only changing planes in Domodedovo, a visa may be required as some flights operate a point-to-point service. Check with your airline before travelling.

To travel between the airport and the city:
* Aeroexpress trains operate between the airport and the Paveletsky Railway Terminal in the southeast section of the city centre. Trains depart every 30 minutes from 6:00AM to 12:30AM. The journey takes 50 minutes and costs RUB500 one-way if you buy your ticket at the airport or RUB450 if you buy your ticket in advance (4 to 90 days) online or via mobile app (November 2018). Keep your paper or mobile ticket for the entire Aeroexpress journey. From the Paveletsky Railway Terminal, the journey to the city center takes an additional 20 minutes by metro.

* Commuter trains are a cheaper method of traveling between the airport and the Paveletsky Railway Terminal. The journey by commuter train takes 75 minutes and costs RUB132 (November 2018).

* Express bus #308 operates around the clock between the airport and the Domodedovskaya Metro Station near the southeastern end of Metro Line 2 (dark green). There is plenty of space on the buses for luggage. The buses operate every 15 minutes, but every 40 minutes between midnight and 6:00AM. The trip takes 30 minutes and costs RUB120. From the Domodedovskaya Metro Station, the journey to the center takes another 40 minutes by metro. If you travel at night, keep in mind that the Domodedovskaya Metro Station opens at 5:40 AM. When headed towards the airport, at Domodedovskaya Metro station, take the exit to the south (downtown side) turn right in the underpass, and follow it to the end, then take the stairs. There are crude stencilled signs of Bus 308 on the pillars to guide you. When you get to street level you will see a tall building across the street with blue words reading "ОРЕХОВО-БОРИСОВО СЕВЕРНОЕ". The bus stop is next to this building. 

* Fixed Price Official Taxis are available, with the price based on the destination neighborhood. A fixed price official taxi costs RUB1,650 to the city centre. Be careful not to go to the taxi stand (Yellow) at the exit of the terminal, they will charge you minimum of 2200 Rub and up to 6500 Rub for a drive to the city center. Go directly outside where taxi are waiting for clients.

* Taxi apps are available, with the price based on the destination neighborhood. Prices on Uber are fixed at rates of RUB850-1,000, before surge pricing, depending on distance. Transfers to the other Moscow airports cost a fixed rate, before surge pricing, of RUB1,500.

Vnukovo International Airport
 Vnukovo International Airport, (), +7 495 436-7196, is 30km southwest from the centre of Moscow. Vnukovo International Airport serves approximately 12 million passengers per year.

To travel between the airport and the city:
* Aeroexpress trains operate between the airport and the Kievsky Railway Terminal in the southwest section of the city centre. Trains depart every 30 or 60 minutes from 6:00AM to midnight. The journey takes 40 minutes and costs RUB500 one-way if you buy your ticket at the airport or RUB450 if you buy your ticket in advance (4 to 90 days) online or via mobile app (November 2018). Keep your paper or mobile ticket for the entire Aeroexpress journey. From the Kievsky Railway Terminal, the journey to the city center takes an additional 20 minutes by metro.

* Bus #32 operates between the airport terminal and the newly opened (August 2018) Novopederelkino Metro Station, at the southwestern end of Metro Line 8A (Yellow). Working hours are from 5:15AM to 1:20AM with ~15 minutes interval. The bus journey takes 25-40 minutes and costs RUB55 paid by cash to the driver. From the metro stations, the journey to the city center takes an additional 40-45 minutes. 

* Bus #611 and #911 operates between the airport terminal and the Yugo-Zapadnaya, Troparyovo and Salaryevo Metro Stations, at the southwestern end of Metro Line 1 (Red). Working hours are from 5:15AM to 1:20AM with ~15 minutes interval. The bus journey takes 35-40 minutes and costs RUB55 paid by cash to the driver. From the metro stations, the journey to the city center takes an additional 40 minutes. 

* Taxi apps are available, with the price based on the destination neighborhood. Prices on Uber are fixed at rates of RUB850-1,000, before surge pricing, depending on distance. Transfers to the other Moscow airports cost a fixed rate, before surge pricing, of RUB1,500.

Zhukovsky International Airport
 Zhukovsky International Airport, (), +7 495 228 96-00. The newest Moscow airport was opened in 2016. 40km southeast from the centre of Moscow. Flights to , , , , , , Turkey (, ), China (Guandzhou, Jinan, Xian), Kyrgyzstan (, ), Tajikistan (, Kurgan-Tube, , Kulob).

To travel between airport and the city: 
* Shuttle bus (RUB100) or shared taxi #2 or #6 to Otdykh (Отдых) train station, then by a commuter train either to Vykhino metro station (RUB66/32 min by a regular train or RUB132/20 min by an express train) or Kazanskiy Railway Station (Казанский вокзал) (RUB110/58 min by a regular train or RUB166/42 min by an express train). 
* Express bus #441э to Kotelniki metro station (RUB85/30-60 min depending on traffic).

By train 

Moscow is the largest Russian railway hub, with ten terminals and connections to all parts of and far into and . Due to its hub status, Moscow's train stations are always crowded, and pickpocketing is an issue, however police patrols and CCTV cameras are abundant, and violent crime is unlikely. Train travel is the predominant mode of intercity transportation for the majority of Russians.

All long-distance trains are operated by Russian Railways and its subsidiaries. Tickets can be bought either at stations or online. Some international train operators also serve Moscow. For domestic trains, you can show the ticket officer your online boarding pass; however, international trains require a printed ticket. There are often counters with English-speaking personnel at each station. Sometimes the English-speaking counters are marked, and sometimes you will be directed by the first person you speak to another counter with an English speaker.

From Saint Petersburg
 can be reached in 4 hours via the high-speed Sapsan trains. There are 15 depatures daily from Saint Petersburg at 05:30, 06:40, 06:50, 09:00, 09:10, 11:00, 11:10, 13:00, 15:00, 15:10, 17:00, 17:10, 19:00, 19:10 and 21:00, with some trains stopping at , Vyshniy Volochek, Bologoe, and Okulovka. Fares vary and are cheaper if bought well in advance but usually are in the range of RUB2,300-6,000.

There are also about 15 overnight trains that travel between Moscow and Saint Petersburg. These overnight trains are generally cheaper than the Sapsan, including a couple of modern and well-equipped two-storey trains. The most famous is the luxurious Red Arrow (Красная стрела), a train painted in bright red that departs Saint Petersburg daily at 23:55 while the song Hymn to the Great City plays on its loudspeakers.

From Europe
The Paris-Moscow Express is a weekly train service that makes the 2-night 3,217km journey between Paris and Moscow. The train makes stops in , , and . The train includes 4-bed compartments (€245), 2-bed compartments (€345), and luxury compartments (€798).

The Strizh is an overnight train to (22 hours; from RUB11,000). It runs on Fri and Sun to Berlin, the return journeys are on Sat and Mon correspondingly. The train's main stops are , , , , , .

The Polonez is a daily direct overnight train to (19 hours; from RUB9,000), via . The Tolstoy is a daily direct overnight train to (13 hours), via . There are also weekly trains to and , via and a weekly train to . You will need a Belarussian visa to ride trains that go via .

If you want to visit Moscow by train, you need to check out visa requirements for Belarus. The is no border between the countries, but you still need to follow the formalities. It is important to note that travel that originates or terminates in Belarus with the exception of air travel is prohibited to foreigners. Only Russian and Belarusian citizens are allowed to cross the Belarus-Russia land border with some exceptions. Rail travel that originates or terminates west of Belarus should be fine, but the rules are somewhat vague. During some large sporting events, the land border is open to foreigners.

From Eastern Russia and Asia

Tickets for the Trans-Siberian Railway sell out and it is best to buy tickets well in advance. Tickets are sold by the operator as well as via agencies and resellers.

The main line of the Trans-Siberian Railway runs between Moscow and , the biggest Russian city on the Pacific Coast. The Rossiya train leaves Moscow every other day at 13:20, while the slower but cheaper trains #44 or #100 leave every day around midnight. Major stops include (24-31 hours; RUB2,000-9,000), (35-48 hours), (46-54 hours), (54-66 hours), (68-81 hours; RUB4,700-23,000), (75-89 hours), and (7 days; RUB10,000-34,000).

The other routes of the Trans-Siberian Railway, between Moscow and China, are more popular among tourists. There are two weekly trains to/from (US$500-1,200), the Trans-Mongolian (Train #4) via and the Trans-Manchurian (Vostok/Train #20) via . Both journeys take six nights but the ride via offers more scenery.

Train stations in Moscow

Moscow has 10 train stations, all of which are located near metro stations close to the center of Moscow. Be sure to note the station from which your train is departing, which will be indicated on the ticket, or online. Three stations (Leningradsky, Yaroslavsky, and Kazansky) are located on one huge Komsomolskaya square, informally known as the "Three Stations' Square". A running joke among Moscow taxi drivers ever since the Soviet times was to be able to pick up a fare from one of them to the other, taking the unwary tourist on an elaborate ride in circles, but it is almost impossible in the 2020s when map and taxi mobile apps are available. Be prepared for enormous queues trying to enter or exit the Metro at peak times, as people are getting off or on the commuter trains.

{| width='100%' border='1' cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0
! #
! Train Station 
! Nearby Metro Station(s)
! Destinations of Interest to Tourists

|- 
| 1
| Belorussky (Белорусский вокзал)
| Belorusskaya
| , , , , , , , , , , , , , (10h), , , Aeroexpress trains from/to Sheremetyevo International Airport.

|- 
| 2
| Kazansky (Каза́нский вокзал)
| Komsomolskaya
| , , , , , , (11h, RUB2500 2nd class), , , , , , Mordovia, , , , , , , , . 

|- 
| 3
| Kiyevsky (Киевский вокзал)
| Kiyevskaya
| , , Aeroexpress trains from/to Vnukovo International Airport.

|-
| 4
| Kursky (Ку́рский вокзал)
| Kurskaya, Chkalovskaya
| , , , , , , , , the .

|-
| 5
| Leningradsky (Ленингра́дский вокзал)
| Komsomolskaya
| , , , , , , , , , .

|-
| 6
| Paveletsky (Павелецкий вокзал)
| Paveletskaya
| , , , , , , Aeroexpress trains from/to Domodedovo Airport.

|-
| 7
| Rizhsky (Рижский вокзал)
| Rizhskaya
| , , .

|-
| 8
| Savyolovsky (Савёловский вокзал)
| Savyolovskaya
| Local destinations only (, Tver Oblast))

|-
| 9
| Yaroslavsky (Яросла́вский вокзал)
| Komsomolskaya
| (express, twice a day, 3h, RUB450-550), (numerous commuter trains, 1 h 30, 176RUB, or express, twice a day, 1h, RUB325), (14 per day, 4h, RUB550-830), , trains to , the , , and .

|-
| 10
| Vostochniy/Eastern (Восточный вокзал)
| Cherkizovskaya, MCC Lokomotiv
| (), , , , , , , , , , , , , , , (mostly transit long-distance trains).

|}

By car 
Some entry points to Moscow over the Ring Road and into the city feature rotating roadblocks, where from time to time teams of traffic police may stop a vehicle, especially if it is not featuring Moscow plates. You may be stopped and questioned but you'll be allowed to proceed if you have all the proper documents.

From Europe
Foreign cars, especially expensive cars, might attract unwelcome attention, and there is cumbersome paperwork involved to enter Russia by car.

The direct way to drive from , , or is along the E30 road, although it requires having permission to enter Belarus. If you can't enter Belarus, an alternative is to go via Latvia using the E22 from .

The E18 provides easy access from through and . This route is also known as Russian Federal Highway M-10. Traffic on the M-10 is heavy.

By bus 
It is generally easier to travel to/from Europe or other parts of Russia via plane or train so most visitors to Moscow will not use the intercity buses.

 Lux Express operates coach service between Moscow and various cities in . Buses arrive to and depart from the Stantsiya Tushinskaya Bus Station next to the Tushinskaya Metro Station on Metro Line 7 (purple) in the northeastern section of Moscow. Destinations include (14 hours, €49), (15 hours, €55), (16.5 hours, €55), (18 hours, €66-73), (26 hours, €80-92), (34 hours, €78), (36 hours, €95-112), (36 hours, €97), and (40 hours, €97-109).

Many domestic intercity buses stop at the Moscow Intercity Bus Terminal, next to the Shchelkovskaya Metro Station at the eastern terminus of Metro Line 3 (dark blue). Buses to the popular tourist destination of operate from this station.

There are also several small bus stops and stations with buses to/from small towns that are not commonly visited by tourists.

By boat
There is no scheduled passenger service to Moscow by boat; however, cruise ships do provide service to the Northern River Terminal, on the Moscow Canal near the Khimki Reservoir. The pier is not convenient to the city and it can take over 2 hours to reach the city centre by car. 

A system of navigable channels and locks connects the Moskva River with the Volga River, which is further connected to the , White Sea, the Azov, the Black Sea, and the Caspian Sea. In the Soviet times this allowed the official propaganda to refer to Moscow as "a port on the five seas".

By bicycle
Moscow is the easternmost destination of the . Eurovelo Route 2, the Capitals Route, is a 5,500 km route starting in , , passing through , , , and before terminating in Moscow.

Get around 

Walking
Be wary of bicyclists on the sidewalk weaving through pedestrians. Their numbers are growing steadily and no regulations are enforced. Always walk in a straight line and look over your shoulder if you move to the left or right.

By public transport
While central Moscow is best explored on foot, it's easiest to use public transportation to cover larger distances. The metro is comprehensive, boasts some great architecture, and is relatively cheap.

The easiest way to pay for metro fares is to buy a red paper ticket with a number of pre-loaded trips from the ticket booth. These tickets work on the buses and trolleys too. Fares depend on the number of trips purchased; an 11-trip card costs RUB320 (RUB29 per trip). 

The cheapest way to use the public transportation system is to purchase a plastic Troika re-loadable smart-card. The card costs RUB50 and can be redeemed for cash at the end of your trip. You can "top up" your balance at any metro station. For each trip taken, RUB36 will be deducted from your card, and you are entitled to change to a bus, tram, trolleybus, monorail or the cicrular city train line (МЦК, Em-Tse-Ka, see below) for additional RUB20 within the next 90 minutes. Troika also can be used to pay an Aeroexpress ticket to one of the airports, Velobike bike sharing, the entrance to Tretiakov Gallery and some other museums and parks. Alternatively, red cards can be purchased at metro stations at a cost of RUB55 per trip or RUB747 for 20 trips. The red cards expire after 90 days. 

By metro

The Metro is open from 5:30AM-1:00AM. Station entrances are closed at 1:00AM, and at this time the last trains depart from all of the termini stations. After 1:00AM, many locals will enter the train station using the exits, which are still open. Service on the ring line runs until 1:30AM, although entrances are closed at 1:00AM. The down escalators are also shut off at 1:00AM.

There is signage in the Metro stations in English and the Latin alphabet, but these signs are not everywhere. Next stop's announcements inside the cars are made both in Russian and English. Each train carriage has a map in Latin script and there is one near the entrance to each station. Note the direction of the train before you alight. It is worth printing or saving to your phone a map of the metro system in both Cyrillic and Latin letters to take with you. All trains in the system have free WiFi onboard.

Note that 2 or 3 stations may be connected as transfer points but will each have a different name. There are 2 stations called Smolenskaya and 2 stations called Arbatskaya, but the station pairs are not connected to each other despite having the same name. Some of the stations are very deep underground, and transfer times between certain metro lines can take a lot of time. In the city centre, it can save time to go directly to the above-ground entrance of the line you want to take rather than to enter at a connecting station and transfer underground. On the escalators, stand on the right and walk on the left.

Some of the train stations include beautiful architecture and it is worth taking a guided tour of the metro system. The most interesting stations in terms of decor are Komsomolskaya (ring line), Novoslobodskaya (ring line), Kievskaya (ring line), Kropotkinskaya (Line #1 - red), Kievskaya (Line #3 - dark blue), Arbatskaya (Line #3 - dark blue), Ploschad' Revolyutsii (Line #3 - dark blue), Mayakovskaya (Line #2 - dark green). Also look at the architecture of the ground entrance building of Arbatskaya (Line #4 - light blue) and Krasnye Vorota (Line #1 - red). History buffs may appreciate that Metro Line #4 (light blue) has the oldest stations, opened in 1935.

The Vorob'evy gory Metro Station on Line #1 (red) is unique in that it is on a bridge crossing the Moscow River. This bridge also carries auto traffic road on another level. There is a beautiful view through the transparent sides of the station. A great observing point around Moscow is located nearby on Vorob'evy hills, next to the main building of Lomonosov Moscow State University.
 
There are a couple of unique trains operating through the system and you will be lucky if you get to ride them. Aquarelle (Watercolor) is a train that includes an art gallery. The train operates daily on Blue Line. The Sokolniki Retro Train is a train modeled after the original 1930s trains and it occasionally is placed into service, usually around a major anniversary of the metro system. During important Russian milestones some trains are thematically decorated.

The metro is relatively safe, although pickpockets are a problem, as they are in any environment where a lot of people are pressed together. Opportunistic petty crime, such as snatching someone's mobile phone and jumping out just as the doors are closing, is also commonplace. Take the usual precautions at night. There is no train guard or conductor, so the first car near the driver may be the safest. Every car is equipped with an intercom to the driver's cabin; they are beige boxes with a grill and a black button near doors, and mostly work, unless visibly vandalized.

By bus and trolleybus/electrobus
Every large street in the city is served by at least one bus and one trolleybus, which necessitate an abundance of trolley wires in the city. Since the end of 2018 trolleybuses are sometimes replaced by new comfortable KAMAZ electrobuses. Most Moscow buses and trolleybuses operate 05:30AM-01:00AM; however, there are a few routes that operate during the night.

Buses, trolleybuses, and electrobuses use exclusive public transport lanes whenever possible, are fast, punctual, and frequent until the late evening.

A trolleybus route map is available online. A useful mobile app called Yandex Transport helps you locate a nearest bus, trolleybus or tram on the line. The red tickets for the metro can be used on the buses and trolleys too.

By tram
There are several tram routes, although trams are not common in the city centre. A map and a schedule of the tram routes are available online.

By marshrutka
Marshrutka is a jitney-like mode of transport similar to a minibus. They follow similar routes as many bus lines and have a similar numbering system. Depending on the route, the fare is either paid in cash to the driver upon entering (usually RUB50) or is paid via a Troika card. They generally are faster and more efficient than buses, although the drivers are much more reckless. If you need to get off, you have to shout: "Остановите здесь!" (Astanaviti zdes, meaning "Stop here!") as loudly as possible so that the driver can hear. There is a saying "Тише скажешь – дальше выйдешь", meaning "If you speak quietly, you will travel far".

In 2016 most marshrutkas have been removed from the city. Almost all remaining minibuses are now a part of Moscow municipal public transportation system, and their only difference from regular buses is passenger capacity.

By commuter rail
МЦК (reads as Em-Tse-Ka) is the latest and highly effective addition to the Moscow transit system. It was open to the public in 2016. The circular rail line (Okruzhnaya) that exists since the 1900's, is operational again as a mean of transport after the decades of purely freight use. It operates modern, spacious and quiet Lastochka (Swallow) regional-class trains built by Siemens. Although the historical placement of stations at the circular line doesn't always allow the smooth change to metro lines, it is worth considering, if you need to commute from one of a distant districts to another without going through the city center, with its overcrowded main connecting metro stations during the peak hour.

Local commuter trains (electrichkas) operate between the Moscow train stations and the suburbs of Moscow Oblast, but are of little for seeing the tourist attractions. Schedules can be accessed online at rasp.yandex.ru or via Yandex.Elektrichki (Яндекс.Электрички) app.

By monorail

Moscow Monorail is a 4.7km monorail line with 6 stations.
It is slower, less frequent, and has shorter operating hours when compared with the metro (every 15 min at peak hours, 25 min rest of the time). However, the view is picturesque. It is useful to get to the Ostankino Tower, or to get to the VDNKh exhibition centre from Metro Line #9 (silver).

By taxi and rideshare

Fares
Rates for UberX are the cheapest among rideshare and taxi services. Non-surge rates are RUB50 base fare + RUB8 per minute + RUB8 per kilometer, with a RUB100 minimum. 

It is possible to negotiate the price with taxis drivers and not use the meter. Taxi fares within the Garden Ring are generally under RUB250. When negotiating with a street taxi, if you don't like the amount one guy is charging, you'll doubtlessly find another driver in a minute or two. Try to get an idea if the drivers know where they are going as many will pretend they know how to get to your destination just to get your business. Smartphone-based apps eliminate this problem since the drivers follow a GPS and the rates are fixed.

Taxi operators
The best solution is to use taxi hailing apps, such as Uber, Gett (known to travelers from Israel, UK and USA), Yandex.Taxi (the largest local taxi aggregator or so far, and it's also Uber's local parent company), Citimobil, Rutaxi, Taxi Maxim. They all have an English version of the interface and provide choice of payment options - cash or card.

There are several taxi services operating in Moscow, one of those noticeable on the streets being The New Yellow Taxi (Novoye Zholtoye Taxi). The cars are mainly yellow Skoda Octavia. They will charge the minimum rate of RUB400 no matter the distance.

If you're not good in Russian, there are several English-speaking taxi services operating in Moscow, the most notable being LingoTaxi. Prices are generally higher but booking by phone is easier.

By car
Using a car in Moscow can be very time consuming and stressful. Traffic jams never seem to clear until the night. When there are no traffic jams, driving by car is the fastest way to go around Moscow, as there were made a lot of new roads and freeways. Be careful, as russian roads are dangerous, being designed for a fast but not safe driving. There are a lot of migrants from regions where aggressive driving is common. Some drivers will not think twice before cutting you off at the first opportunity.

One bright spot is the relative dearth of the large 18-wheeler trucks on Moscow roads. Sometimes, all traffic on major thoroughfares may be blocked by police to allow government officials to blow through unimpeded, sirens blaring. There is very little parking. Parking illegally can lead to a hefty fine of RUB2500 and your car being towed. If you are driving to Moscow, park as soon as you can at a safe place such as your hotel and use public transit.

Parking is usually not free and the costs can be found online. Expect to pay RUB80/hour for the parking within the Boulevard Ring and the district, RUB60/hour - between Boulevard Ring and Garden Ring, RUB40/hour between Garnen Ring and Third Transport Ring. Payment is available through SMS (Russian SIM-cards only), mobile app or at parking columns (usually accepting credit cards only). You have to pay for the full hour upfront, unused money will be sent back to your account.

However, if you have driven in or before, then it's not that hard to get accustomed to Moscow traffic. Just don't try to drive across the city during rush hours or you can be stuck for as long as 3 hours in traffic jams. Check one of the many traffic jam information websites before you start your journey. Avoid driving the bus lanes even unintentionally, as it turns out to be very costly due to a large amount of cameras. The most popular sites are Yandex Probki and Rambler Probki. Use Yandex.Navigator app to better navigate, avoid jams and be informed about radars and cameras. In general, taking the metro may actually be faster than driving. 

Roads are almost empty during holidays at the beginning of January and May as well as during weekends and the summer.

Gas stations: BP, Lukoil, Gazpromneft, Rosneft gas stations all have good quality gasoline.

By ship

Boats are not the best way to move around the city fast, but they do offer great scenery. Just like most old Russian cities founded at big rivers, Moscow has been initially designed to impress newcomers from the water.

* Stolichnaya Sudokhodnaya Kompania (Capital River Boat Tour Company) offers several scenic routes geared for tourists with prices in the range of RUB400-800. A pass is included in some hop-on-hop-off tours.

* Flotilla Radisson Royal offers several year-round cruises with prices in the range of RUB650-2,000. Unlike other tourist boats, these boats can move on ice very smoothly so that the waiter can easily pour champagne in crystal glasses on a table. There are huge panoramic windows to protect against the wind. The food is overpriced. The trips depart from either Hotel Ukraina or Gorky Park.

* A few hydrofoil passenger ships operate service from the North River Terminal to Bukhta Radosti (Bay of Joy), a popular picnic and barbeque spot with many cafes. This terminal is not close to the city center; the closest metro station is Rechnoi Vokzal.

By bicycle
 Velobike operates a bike sharing network that has over 2,700 bicycles available at over 300 bike stations throughout city. To use it, you first have to register on the web site or via the mobile app. Membership rates are RUB150 per day or RUB500 for a month. Usage fees, which are in addition to membership fees, vary, but the first 30 minutes are free. This is intentional to encourage people to use the system for short place-to-place trips; however, after riding for 30 minutes, you can dock your bike into a station, wait 2 minutes, and then take the bike out again to restart the timer. The service is only operational in the spring and summer months. After docking the bike you should get an text message confirmation. If you do not get a confirmation, you should call the company; otherwise, you will be fined.

Before opting for a bicycle it's good to remember that Moscow belongs to the prestigious club of cities built on seven hills. You can use openstreetmap to check whether your planned route is uphill or downhill or just remember that the lowest parts of the city are the rivers - if you cycle away from the river, it is probably uphill.

By hop-on-hop-off bus
The hop-on-hop-off bus is a convenient way for tourists to see the major sights quickly and efficiently. The buses feature English-speaking guides to answer any questions. A 1 day pass costs US$24 for adults and US$15 for children.

See

Museums and religious buildings 

* Red Square - The heart of Moscow and the first destination for most visitors to the city. Surrounded by St. Basil's Cathedral, the State History Museum, Lenin's Mausoleum and one of the Kremlin's long brick walls. The cobbles that make up the square are black and not red; the name comes from another gloss of the Russian word "krasniy", meaning "beautiful". Metro: Ohotnii Ryad, Teatralnaya or Ploshad Revolutsii. Red Square can be closed during the big events, such as Victory parade, Military Orchestra tattoo and others.
** Lenin Mausoleum - in the centre of the Red Square. Walk past the embalmed body of Vladimir Lenin (who actually did not want any monuments to be built for him) and join the debate: is it really him? You must leave all cameras, phones and bags in the luggage office. Free admission. Open 10AM-1PM Tu, W, Th, Sa; closed on Su, M, F. 
** St Basil Cathedral - in the south part of Red Square. Built in 1555-61. Inside is a museum, although it looks best from the outside, but if you have the time, take a peek inside.
** The Monument to Minin and Pozharsky is a bronze statue on Red Square in Moscow, Russia, in front of Saint Basil's Cathedral. It was built in 1818. It reminds of the events in 1612 when Polish invasion occured in Russia and 1613 when Romanov dynasty was established.

* An ancient city and citadel, the former residence of Russian Tsars and Soviet rulers is still used today. Includes the Armoury Collection of royal clothing and chariots, the Diamond Fund, several churches, the Patriarch Palace and the Bell Tower (open only in the summer). Guided tours fill up fast and should be booked early.
The Cathedral square with three 15th-16th century historical cathedrals is the main site to visit inside the Kremlin. The Assumption Cathedral (1479) was the main place of worship for Moscow, and the place of coronation for all the Tsars. The gilded Cathedral of the Annunciation was a domestic royal church; it has several unique icons by Andrey Rublev. The Cathedral of the Archangel Michael is the final resting place of the first Russian princes and tsars. Everyday at 12:00 there is a Ceremonial mounting parade of Horse Guard and Foot Guard of the Presidential Regiment at the square.
There are also several separate museums in the Kremlin, with the most famous ones being the Armoury Chamber, a unique treasury-museum displaying the wealth accumulated by Russian rulers from the 12th which houses royal treasures (extra RUB1000), and the Diamond Fund.
You can also visit the Kremlin Palace, with the offices for the Prime Minister and the ministers (only with private tours); and the Tsar Bell, world's largest bell (extra RUB350). Photography is prohibited in virtually all exhibits.
* The official residence of the Russian President. A historic palace with rooms dating back to the 16th century. The exterior can be seen as part of a visit to the Kremlin Museum Complex. The interior is only open to the public by group tour two or three times a month and must be booked in advance.
* Tretyakov Gallery – One of Russia's greatest museums, this is probably the one to choose if you only want to visit one museum in Moscow. In contrast to the worldwide collection of the Pushkin Museum, the Tretyakov is mostly a collection of Russian art. It has the best collection of Russian icons and many of the most famous pieces of modern Russian artists like Ilya Repin. Metro: Tretyakovskaya or Novokuznetskaya. There are two Tretyakov museums: the classic one and the 20th Century one. The 20th Century one is in the Artist's House Cultural Center across from Gorky Park. They charge separate entry fees.

* Pushkin Museum (ulitsa Volkhonka, 12) is dedicated to Western art and has one of the world's most significant Impressionist and Post-Impressionist collections, along with some Old Masters. The Impressionists and Post-Impressionists were rather unfortunately relocated to an annex in 2007 across the street from the main building. Metro: Kropotkinskaya.

* Novodevichy Convent – Both a convent and a fortress, Novodevichy was built in the early 1500s and has remained nearly intact since the 17th century, making it one of the best preserved historical complexes in Moscow. The adjacent Novodevichy Cemetery is one of Russia's most famous cemeteries. Famous people buried there include Anton Chekhov, Nickolai Gogol, Konstantine Stanislavski, Nikita Khrushchev, Raisa Gorbachev (the former President's wife), and Boris Yeltsin. Metro: Sportivnaya. Open from 9am until 5pm. If you want to locate the graves of famous people, a large map by the main entrance lists many of the most significant - in Cyrillic writing only, but each name also features their birth/death years and occupation which makes the searching easier. Stanislavski (213 on the map) and Chekhov (249) are buried next to each other, and Yeltsin's grave is a large colourful design of the Russian flag.

* Built to commemorate the birth of Ivan the Terrible, Kolomenskoye's Church of the Ascension upended the Byzantine style with its wooden conical tower, and proved to be a milestone in the history of Russian ecclesiastical architecture. Since 1994, it has enjoyed a spot on the . Metro: Kolomenskaya or Kashirskaya, then walk through Kolomenskoye park.

* Contemporary paintings by Soviet and Russian artists.

* Kremlin in Izmailovo (Izmaylovsky Kremlin) - 890-y Proyektiruemyy pr-d (metro: Partizanskaya) - The complex called “Kremlin in Izmailovo” is located on the bank of Serebryano-Vinogradny pond. City holidays, fairs and festivals take place in Izmaylovsky Kremlin. It has inside it various small museums (russian dresses, bells, history of vodka, etc.); there you can find also a wooden temple: Santifier Nikolay's Temple. If you are nearby, it worth a visit.

* Great new space full of old soviet fun! Go hunting, shoot torpedoes, drive cars, check your strength and much more... Price includes 15 15 kopek coins to enjoy the games. It also features a cozy cafe/burger place. Fill out the survey and leave them your e-mail address for 3 additional coins. Free tour in Russian included in the price if you specifically ask for it.

* Exhibits art of the 20th and 21st centuries.

* Garage Museum of Contemporary Art is an independent platform for new thinking locating in Gorky Park. Through an extensive program of exhibitions, research, education, and publishing, Garage reflects on current developments in Russian and international culture, creating opportunities for public dialogue and the production of new work and ideas. Founded in 2008 by Dasha Zhukova in Moscow, the institution is building a unique research archive focusing on the development of contemporary art in Russia while pioneering diverse educational projects for families and professionals that are the first of their kind in the country. These provide the foundation from which experimental exhibitions, events, and screenings are initiated.

* VDNKh, aka VVTs. The Russian acronym "VDNKh" stood for "Exhibit of the People's Economic Achievements". It has been since renamed "All-Russian Exhibition Centre" ("Vserossiyskiy Vystavochniy Tsentr"). However, it is popularly known by the Soviet abbreviations. Previously this was a massive exhibit of the advances and progress of the USSR. Now it is largely a marketplace for everything from computers to bicycles. However, many of the monuments and fountains here make the area a nice place to stroll. Bicycles and roller skates rent is available.

* Christ the Saviour Cathedral – This cathedral, the tallest Orthodox church in the world (the largest being the Temple of St. Sava in ), was blown up on orders from Stalin in 1931, with the view of building the gargantuan Palace of the Soviets, to be crowned by a 100 m high statue of Lenin. The project ran into engineering and geological difficulties (the area used to be a swamp), then the War intervened, and the place was ceded to a year-round open-air swimming pool. The pool was razed and the cathedral rebuilt only after the fall of the Soviet Union, in the mid-nineties. There is an extensive museum underneath the cathedral documenting its history (the original was started in 1839 and consecrated in 1883). Metro: Kropotkinskaya.

* Garden of Fallen Monuments – Where many infamous statues in Moscow were placed after the Soviet collapse. See Dzherzinsky, Stalin, Brezhnev, and others. Adjacent to the New Tretyakov Museum, which houses 20th century art. After the Pushkin Museum and the Tretyakov Gallery, this is worth seeing. Metro: Oktyabrskaya.

* One of the largest libraries in the world. Anyone (Russian or foreign) over 18 can view electronic media for free, other items may be viewed by purchasing a "Reader's Card" (a photo id to gain access to physical materials). Previously received a copy of every book, musical score, and map published in the USSR, it now only receives a copy of every Russian book. The military reading room receives over 15,000 readers a year.

* Decomissioned cold war era soviet underground military nuclear bunker; now a museum. Entrance by guided tour in Russian.

* Jewish Museum and Tolerance Center - ulitsa Obraztsova, 26 building 1. Newly opened in Nov 2012. Located in the famous building of Bakhmetievsky Garage designed by Konstantin Melnikov and Vladimir Shukhov, the two classics of the Russian Constructivism. One of the most technologically advanced museums in Russia, this institution tells the history of Russian Jews primarily through interactive media. Metro: Maryina Roshcha.

* Decent-sized museum filled with militaria and exhibitions from the last few centuries of Russian warfare. The best bits are in the park at the back though (head downstairs and out) where there is an impressive collection of armoury - mostly WW2 and Soviet era including a couple of SU-27s, and SS-20 launcher, a bunch of tanks and an armoured loco. English is close to non-existent though.

* Museum covering some of the history of the battle, in Russian and a large painting showing the scene of the battle.

* A beautiful reserve in the southern part of Moscow, its nucleus being the largest palatial ensemble in Russia. Constructed between 1775 and 1796 to be the residence of Catherine the Great, the ensemble was abondoned after her death and turned into ruins during following centuries. A decision had been reached in 1984 to completely restore Tsaritsyno architectural and park ensemble. Majority of the architectural monuments have already undergone restoration, Grand Palace having completed by 2007. Exhibitions and expositions of the museum demonstrate various pages of Tsaritsyno history and rich collections of arts and crafts. Metro: Tsaritsyno, Orekhovo.

* The Lumiere Brothers Center for Photography is a private exhibition organization located in the former chocolate factory Red October in Moscow. Since its foundation in 2010, the center aims to explore and promote Russian and foreign photography, support emerging Russian artists and explore beyond the medium. The center's exhibitions were shown at the State Russian Museum in St-Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk museum center, Cherepovets museum association, Kazan city hall, and Ekaterinburg museum of Fine Arts. The center's exhibition programme aims to explore and present photography to a wider audience. The program has been built around the center’s collection and collaborations with archives, contemporary photographers, private collectors and photography associations. Metro: Kripotkinskaya, Polyanka.

Famous streets
* Varvarka Street / Kitai-Gorod and Ulitsa Varvarka – Varvarka is one of the oldest streets in Moscow. If you are going to spend just a few days in the Russian capital, then you definitely need to walk along this street. Varvarka Street is located in Kitay-gorod and embraces many historical aspects. It is a part of the trading quarter near the Kremlin which is surrounded by the Kitay-gorod defensive wall. Varvarka Street is rich in cathedrals that were visited by the Russian tsars on their way from the Kremlin. This street welcomed the victorious army and became the battlefield in several wars. Varvarka Street begins right behind the Pokrovsky Cathedral situated on Red Square near the Spasskaya Tower of the Moscow Kremlin which is better known as Saint Basil’s Cathedral. Varvarka Street is quite short and can be walked through in ten minutes. The first building is the Church of the Martyr Barbara belonging to classic style (1804). The second building is the Church of Maxim the Blessed (1699). Later the church got its bell tower (1829). In the 19th century, bell towers were usually attached to ancient churches so that they would be seen in urban areas. While walking further on Varvarka Street you will see several buildings which form the architectural ensemble of the Znamensky Monastery (since 1631). See the Chambers of the Romanov boyars (since the 16th century). It is believed that the first Romanov tsar spent there his early years. Then you will come across the beautiful Church of Saint George on Pskov Hill (1626). A bell tower was built-on near the church. The left side of Varvarka Street begins with the Middle Trading Rows (1893). At the end of the steet step down to the subway (Metro) and look to the left just at the end of the stairway. You can see the basement of ancient "Varvarskaya tower" - the entrance to the Kitay-gorod and mystic place of ancient Moscow. 

* Old Arbat Street – Walk down this kitschy street and don't forget to look at the small by-streets around the Arbat. They allow you to feel the "old Moscow spirit". Arbat is full of souvenir vendors, tourist cafes, lousy restaurants, artists, etc. The prices of the souvenirs vary from reasonable to ripoff, but vendors are open to negotiation. Metro: Smolenskaya (both blue lines), Arbatskaya (both blue lines, from Dark Blue line take west exit). However, moscovites themselves dont really like this street, as there are too many tourists and, to be honest, there are a lot of other beautiful streets to walk around.

* New Arbat Street – Located near Old Arbat Street, this street offers a contrast from the touristy pedestrian-only thoroughfare. New Arbat is perhaps where Moscow's rich are the most visible, as some of Moscow's most expensive restaurants and nightclubs are located here. There are some reasonably priced cafes, however. The street is lavishly lit up at night and is always very lively. Also, check out Dom Knigi (House of Books) on New Arbat. It's not as impressive as the St. Petersburg store, but probably the best bet for books in Moscow. Metro: Arbatskaya (both blue lines, take west exit for Dark Blue line).

* Tverskaya Street – This street starts from the Kremlin itself and runs northwest in the direction of (hence the name) and . For that reason the road was a very important thoroughfare in Tsarist Russia. It is now Moscow's most fashionable street, with several prestigious boutiques. It is also lined with cafes, restaurants, coffeehouses, a couple of theaters, and several hotels, including two locations of the Marriott. Most of the street's architecture doesn't actually have much history to it, though along the way you will find Russia's first, and the world's busiest, McDonalds. The statue of Pushkin at Pushkinskaya Square is a very popular meeting point. Walk its length. From Red Square to Belorusski Train Station is about one hour and is a great way to see the most famous street in Moscow. Take a peek inside the Yeliseev Grocery Store, Moscow's answer to Harrod's food halls, to see the restored ornate interior. Metro south to north: Ohotnii Ryad/Teatralnaya, Tverskaya/Pushkinskaya/Chehovskaya (Puskinskaya Square), Mayakovskaya (Triumfalnaya Square, sometimes called second Theatre square, containing Chaikovskii Concert Hall, Satire Theatre and nearby Mossovet Theatre), Belorusskaya.

* Pyatnitskaya street
Pyatnitskaya is one the oldest streets of Zamoskvorechye district, which is located on the other side from Kremlin of Moscow river. It is named after the 16th century church that was destroyed by bolsheviks in 1934. Novokuznetskaya metro station entrance was build there instead. During Ivan the terrible times this street and its surroundings became a home for archers. Ever since the names of the lanes around refer to this historical fact. After the 1698 riot Peter the Great issued a decree to transfer the possessions of the archery to merchants.
Today Pyatnitskaya is a very beautiful historical street, that represents the view of old pretty, but not the most rich district of Moscow. There are a lot of cafes and restaurants where tourists as well as locals like to spend their free time. If you like architecture, this streets is a perfect place to enjoy it. You can find one of the few buildings of famous russian art nouveau architect Lev Kekushev (Pyatnitskaya, 33-35), but the most eye-catching building is, of course, St Clement's Church.

* Bolshaya Ordynka street
The oldest street of Zamoskvorechye. It was named in times of mongol-tatar invasion of Rus'. From this street the road to Mongol Empire began. Ordynka - from word Orda, which is horde - the name of mongolians in medieval period Russia.
Today it is one of the few streets where you can see the old two-storied Moscow - the old city that was almost completely destroyed during USSR. 
It was always and still remains the big road from city centre, so its more transit than neighbour Pyatnitskaya street with more cars and much less cafes. One of the most interesting places in this street is a unique art nouveau church hidden behind the fence and trees not far from Tretyakovskaya metro station (Bolshaya Ordynka, 34). Unique - because that style of religious architecture was new in the beginning of 20th century and, unfortunately, had no chances to blossom, as very soon the bolsheviks came to power and no more new churches of this style were build since that time. However, this is not the only church in this street.

* Boulevard ring

* Maroseyka-Pokrovka streets

* Petrovka street

Viewpoints
* Vorobyovy Gory – The best place for a view of Moscow from the ground. Near the main Moscow State University building, there is a popular lookout point where one can see much of the city on clear days. Metro: A walk from either metro Universitet or Vorobyovy Gory. As alternative, trolleybus #7 (only before about 21:30) can also take you from/to Kievskaya, Leninskii prospect or Oktyabrskaya metro 

* 540 meters tall, with an observation deck 340 meters above ground.

Other Famous Places
* Luzhkov Bridge – Luzhkov Bridge appeared in Moscow when Yuriy Luzhkov was the mayor of Moscow.Another name is Tretyakov’s Bridge because this bridge is a part of architectural ensemble of Tretyakov Gallery. Around 2007, the first metal love tree appeared here, since then it's now a famous place for newly married couple, they come here and put metal locks together to a tree here to swear their bondage. Close to Tretyakovskaya metro station.

* One of the world's tallest statues is also one of its most hated.

* Memorial Museum of Cosmonautics - also known as the Memorial Museum of Astronautics (in English) or Memorial Museum of Space Exploration) is a museum in Moscow, dedicated to space exploration. It is located within the base of the Monument to the Conquerors of Space in the north-east of the city. The museum contains a wide variety of Soviet and Russian space-related exhibits and models which explore the history of flight; astronomy; space exploration; space technology; and space in the arts. According to the Russian tourist board, the museum's collection holds approximately 85,000 different items and receives approximately 300,000 visitors yearly. Russian Space Dogs, Belka and Strelka and Yuri Gagarin's space suit as well as the vessel that we he traveled in. They also have information on NASA and Michael Collins space suit.

* Sparrow Hills, the highest point in the city for a panoramic view of Moscow.

* Cathedral of Christ the Saviour: The Cathedral of Christ the Saviour is a Russian Orthodox cathedral in Moscow, Russia, on the northern bank of the Moskva River, a few hundred metres southwest of the Kremlin. With an overall height of 103 metres (338 ft), it is the tallest Orthodox Christian church in the world. Christ the Saviour Cathedral – This cathedral, the tallest Orthodox church in the world (the largest being the Temple of St. Sava in Belgrade), was blown up on orders from Stalin in 1931, with the view of building the gargantuan Palace of the Soviets, to be crowned by a 100 m high statue of Lenin. The project ran into engineering and geological difficulties (the area used to be a swamp), then the War intervened, and the place was ceded to a year-round open-air swimming pool. The pool was razed and the cathedral rebuilt only after the fall of the Soviet Union, in the mid-nineties. There is an extensive museum underneath the cathedral documenting its history (the original was started in 1839 and consecrated in 1883). Metro: Kropotkinskaya.

* Church of the Ascension (Церковь Вознесения Господня). Built to commemorate the birth of Ivan the Terrible, Kolomenskoye's Church of the Ascension upended the Byzantine style with its wooden conical tower, and proved to be a milestone in the history of Russian ecclesiastical architecture. Since 1994, it has enjoyed a spot on the UNESCO World Heritage list. Metro: Kolomenskaya or Kashirskaya, then walk through Kolomenskoye park.

* Lomonosov Moscow State University (MGU): Lomonosov Moscow State University (MGU) was established in 1755 and has more than 40,000 students (graduate and postgraduate). It is considered one of the oldest universities in Moscow and is part of "Stalin's Seven Sisters," a group of Moscow skyscrapers built in the Stalinist style of architecture.

* Novospassky Monastery This monastery complex dates back to the 12th century and is surrounded by thick walls originally built to protect Moscow from foreign invaders. Basement of the cathedral is the tomb of the Romanovs, the last kings of Russia. In addition, the monastery has a miraculous icon of the Mother of God "Vsetsaritsa", which helps in case of cancer. Look skyward to see the sunlight catch the gold and blue domes. The bell towers are stunning and the feeling of awe is all around. At the time, this monastery's importance was second only after the Kremlin churches, mainly - the Assumption Cathedral. It was considered famiy church for the Romanovs' Royal dynasty, although it began before their ascension to the throne, even under the Zakhar'ins, the ancestors of Romanovs. They even arranged a family necropolis here, and then this fashion was picked up by other famous boyar surnames from the first range. To the elitarism of the monastery contributed its relative remoteness from the center of Moscow - formally it was not Zamoskvorechye, but in fact Krutitsky hill, on which stood the monastery, was even further. The wealth of the monastery had played with it a bad joke. When the Bolsheviks came to power, they destroyed and looted most of the monastery and took out the main values, and in the monastery itself they set up a concentration camp and placed other penitentiaries nearby. Here teven tortures and executions took place. Now the monastery was transferred to the Russia Orthodox Church and partially restored. The former luxury does not exist already, but, however, here remained still much to see and admire. Very tall bell tower (81 meters) , adjacent to each other Spaso-Preobrazhensky, Pokrovsky and Znamensky cathedrals, outer walls with towers (originally the monastery was built also as a fortress to protect the city), the famous Romanov's cross Address: Krest'yanskaya Ploshchad', 10, Moskva

* House With Animals: Its front wall is striped with a menagerie of fantastic beasts and magnificent monsters. This striking building in is nicknamed for the fantastic animals that frolic amid a swath of its front-facing wall—familiar critters like owls and ducks alongside make-believe beasts from chimeras to dragons. Fittingly, the locals have taken to calling the building the “House with Animals,” as its terracotta bas-relief is crammed with a collection of curious creatures. Against the backdrop of soft blue-green paint, the white figures look as though they belong in a gallery rather than on the streets of Moscow, and they’re sure to stop any passerby. The closest metro station is Chistye Prudy.

* Monument to the Conquerors of Space: Moscow's imposing monument to the space age.
 
* Miniature Moscow: Back in the tiny USSR. The key element of the exhibition is detailed interactive scale-model of Moscow. It is 368 sq. m and shows 20 000 buildings withing Sadovoye Ring. Light shows and exhibitions are hold daily im the pavillion. Created in 1977 by 300 workers for the 60th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution, Miniature Moscow is a very detailed depiction of the USSR’s capital. The 400-foot model is a scaled piece of propaganda by Russian diorama artist Efim Deshalyt that was designed to be visited, admired and ultimately exhibiting that the Soviet Union’s capital was more magnificent than any Western capital. Hours: 11:00 am - 7:00 pm. Address: Mira Ave., 119 | VDNKh, Sirenevaya alley, pavillion Maket Moskvy

* Laika Monument (Pamyatnik Sobake Layke): It took over half a century but a Russian monument to a famous and tragic space pup finally stands in Moscow. Strangely, the famous mongrel did not receive her own monument in the Russian capital until 2008. The (surprisingly small) monument that now stands near a military research station is shaped like an abstract rocket that morphs into a hand, cradling Laika towards the stars. If only her actual fate had been so peaceful. Address: Petrovsko-Razumovskaya Alley, 12A, Moscow 127083

* Hotel Ukraina (Radisson Royal Hotel): The tallest hotel in Europe. Address: Kutuzovsky Ave, 2/1, стр. 1, Moskva

* Sokol: An early-20th-century "dacha" village of quaint cottages curiously located in a modern part of Moscow. If you happen to stumble across Sokol while exploring Moscow, you’d be forgiven for thinking you’d somehow left the city. The quaint dachas (Russian country cottages) that dot the tree-lined streets make this neighborhood look more like a rural village than an urban settlement.

* Public Museum of the Moscow Metro: Hidden in a metro shop under a shopping mall, this small museum tells the story of one of the world's largest urban transit systems. It's not the easiest place to find either, once you've got to the top of the escalator and just before you exit the station there is a door on your right with a museum sign next to it. It doesn't look right but let yourself in and then go up 4 flights of stars and you have arrived!! It is free to enter and to be honest I walked around the small rooms in about 30mins. It's only a 10-15 minute ride out of Moscow from the center on the red line. Free entry, good display, great for young ones and old, they have a virtual drive Metro train. Come up esculator and put doors and it is straight ahead. Address: 36 , Khamovnicheskiy Val, Str, Moskva, Russia, 119048. Near: Vystavochnaya Metro station on the light blue Metro line. Hours:Tuesday - Saturday 1pm–4am / Sunday Closed / Monday Closed

* Old English Court: The "Mystery and Company of Merchant Adventurers" - an Elizabethan era hangout in Moscow. The Old English Yard is not a name for a landmark one would expect to encounter in the very center of Russian capital. Tucked away, beyond the far side of the Red Square this unimposing building is overlooked by most of the visitors. However, old English yard hides a fascinating history. Hours Tue – Wed 10:00 am - 6:00 pm Thu 11:00 am - 9:00 pm Fri – Sun 10:00 am - 6:00 pm. Address: Varvarka St., 4, Moscow 109012

* Borodino Panorama / Muzey-Panorama Borodinskaya Bitva: A 360 degree battlefield experience. The highlight of the museum is the panorama Borodino created by Russian battle-painter Franz Roubaud in 1912. The museum exposition is dedicated to the Russian victory over Napoleon's Great Army in 1812. The panorama was commissioned in 1912 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Borodino with Napoleon. Current museum opened in 1962. Centerpiece of the museum is the 360 degree painting of the Battle of Borodino on Sept 7, 1812. The painting is 115m long and 15m high. It was the deadliest battle in the Napoleonic Wars with over 70-80,000 casualties in 1 day. Metro stations: Park Pobedy, Kutuzovskaya. Address: Kutuzovskiy Ave., 38 | Metro Kutuzovskaya or Park Pobedy, Moscow 121170

* Garden of Fallen Monuments (Fallen Monument Park)– Where many infamous statues in Moscow were placed after the Soviet collapse. See Dzherzinsky, Stalin, Brezhnev, and others. Adjacent to the New Tretyakov Museum, which houses 20th century art. After the Pushkin Museum and the Tretyakov Gallery, this is worth seeing. Metro: Oktyabrskaya. Everyday open 24 hours. With the fall of the USSR, the thousands of Soviet statues were destroyed or dispersed. Some ended up here in the Fallen Monument Park. Also known as Art Muzeon or Park of the Fallen Heroes, the park has mutilated busts of Stalin, as well as those of Lenin and a statue of Dzerzhinsky, the founder of what became the KGB. There’s a massive Soviet emblem, and clusters of modern art contrasting with the very non-conceptual Communist monuments. There is a small charge to enter the park. Due to development in the area, its future is currently uncertain. Know Before You Go: Take the 5 (brown line) to Oktyabrskaya and exit to Main Street. Turn left and cross the street and continue downhill until you're across from Gorky Park and keep going further down the street. Address: 10/4, Ulitsa Krymskiy Val / at New Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow 119049

* The Tretyakov Gallery / The State Tretyakov Gallery With the largest collection of Russian art in the world, the gallery is a wonderful way of seeing the culture of Russia develop through its art. highly recommend to take a guided tour. It takes 5h to see the whole exhibition so better to come before afternoon. This is a large art museum filled with Russian Art from various ages up to early 20th century. Well worth your time and easily accessed from Metro. As a bonus there is a square outside of the Metro that offers several places for a meal including McDonalds. The museum is a lot bigger than it looks and offers a comprehensive history of Russian Art. We had a guided tour and I would highly recommend getting one - as the guides are passionate about the gallery and bring the paintings to life. (Ruble 500 ) Metro ride from Red Square and the neighbourhood is quite pleasant as well. Arrive early as it is very busy and the line to enter is always long. We arrived when it first opened and had to wait 20 minutes to get in and when we left over three hours later the line was just as long. We know why and after you go, you will as well. Also the park is a great place to stroll around. Address: Lavrushinskiy ln, 10, Moscow 119017, Russia. Hours: Sun - Sat 10:00 am - 9:00 pm.
Note that the main building houses the collection of "classic" era -- from old slavonic icons to the end of XIX century. The modern art section (also very impressive) is separate, located in the Central House of Artists (next to the Garden of Fallen Monuments and the Gorky Park; metro Oktyabrskaya); admission is also separate.

* VDNKH:This magnificent park in the north of Moscow features more than 250 Soviet-era palaces and pavilions, impressive arches and numerous fountains, Vostok rocket and the Soviet aircraft. Space museum The museum traces the history of space exploration: the first satellite (in Russian "Sputnik"). Space museum traces the history of space exploration: the first satellite (in Russian “Sputnik”) launched in 1957, the first dogs in space, the first human flights, first spacewalk, missions to Moon, Mars and Venus. Standard Communist era tour of Moscow.

* State Museum-Reserve Tsaritsyno: A beautiful reserve in the southern part of Moscow, its nucleus being the largest palatial ensemble in Russia. Constructed between 1775 and 1796 to be the residence of Catherine the Great, the ensemble was abondoned after her death and turned into ruins during following centuries. A decision had been reached in 1984 to completely restore Tsaritsyno architectural and park ensemble. Majority of the architectural monuments have already undergone restoration, Grand Palace having completed by 2007. Exhibitions and expositions of the museum demonstrate various pages of Tsaritsyno history and rich collections of arts and crafts. Metro: Tsaritsyno, Orekhovo

Day Trips 
* The Central Air Force Museum - The Central Air Force Museum, or CMAF as it's also known, is located about 25 miles east of the Yaroslavsky Railway Station in Moscow. It is approximately 1 mile south of the train station in Monino. There are infrequent signs to the museum if you walk. The best way to get there is either by taxi or by using a map with a GPS. If you start out in Moscow, take the Metro to Komsomolskaya station. You have to walk over to the railway terminal and buy a ticket for the local train service to Monino. The ticket booth is outside the main ticket building. Look for the windows (3) that have hand-written signs near them with time tables (in Russian). Just ask for a ticket to Monino. There is service every 20-30 minutes, except for the middle of the day (1.5 hour gap). There are both local and express trains. The express trains are more like intercity/international trains (with individual seats) and they are painted differently. There is no notable time difference between them though - for both types it takes about 1h 15m to get to Monino. Monino is a commuter suburb of Moscow. It mainly just has high-rise apartment buildings and a few shops near the train station. Walk south from the station until you hit the museum boundary. Then walk around the east side so you don't go several miles around the wrong way. Admission was only about R250 (~$4 or so). The museum itself is a very interesting contrast in modern and old-style Russian. Some parts of it are very new while other parts were probably designed in the 60s-70s. There are several dozen aircraft outside in various states of repair. Some are set up like the A&S in Washington. Others (I saw a Mig-29 in the grass) are fairly neglected. There is a large indoor hangar with many WWII aircraft and displays that get wet from a leaky roof. Overall this is a place to visit mainly if you enjoy aviation, especially since it is off the beaten path. I spent 2 1/2 hours there, which was enough to see the indoor and outdoor displays. If you enjoy military aircraft, plan on 2-3 hours. Some of the plaques are in English, but not most. The Monino Central Air Force Museum is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on every day of the week except for Mondays and Tuesdays.

* Sergiev Posad - Sergiev Posad is a picturesque town 75km to the northeast of Moscow. The town is famous for the 14th century Trinity Monastery of St. Sergius , one of the most important centers of the Orthodox religion and a major destination of pilgrims. Sergiev Posad is the only town of the Golden Ring located near Moscow. The Trinity Monastery of St. Sergius was founded in the early 14th century by one of the most venerated saints of Russia St. Sergius. For centuries, Russian czars and common people set out on pilgrimage to the monastery. Today the Trinity Monastery of St. Sergius is home to over 300 monks. The monastery houses a theological college, spiritual academy and an icon painting school. The Trinity cathedral, built in the early 15th century is one of the oldest churches in Moscow Region. You'll see other fascinating buildings of the monastery. The Assumption Cathedral commissioned by Ivan the Terrible rises in the center of the complex. Its blue domes with golden stars are seen from afar. The elegant baroque bell tower was built in the 18th century. Today it houses the biggest working bell in Russia. The Chapel Over the Well standing nearby was built over a spring discovered in 1644. Pilgrims come here with empty bottles to fill with holy water. Sergiev Posad is the birthplace of matryoshka, known in the west as the Russian doll. You can see some rare nesting dolls and other wooden toys and dolls in the town's Toy Museum (upon request) or do some matryoshka shopping in the market square near the monastery gates. Matryoshka painting master class might be added upon request.

* Vladimir and Suzdal - Vladimir is most famous for its three 12th century monuments : the five-domed Assumption Cathedral with magnificent frescoes of Andrey Rublev, the warrior-like cathedral of St. Demetrius notable for its unique carvings and the Golden Gate, which used to be a tower over the city's main gate. A real wonder of the trip is an ancient Russian town Suzdal. It was once the capital of Rostov-Suzdal principality. This town is like a museum under the open sky, its medieval monuments can tell you its old story. This place is very quiet for there are no train stations or industries. Gazing at its blue river, wooden houses, picturesque meadows you may feel that time has stopped here. The tour of the central part of Vladimir includes Assumption cathedral interior (it is open), St Demetrius cathedral (outside), Golden Gates (outside). Sightseeing tour of Suzdal includes the Museum of Wooden Architecture, famous for beautiful 19th century wooden houses of wealthy peasants, St Euthimius monastery where you can listen to bell ringing (or Intersession convent), Suzdal Kremlin and trading square where you can buy something from locals. Driving back to Vladimir to take 17.59 train back to Moscow which arrives at 19.40. In summer time it is possible to stay a bit longer and go to Bogolyubovo famous for the beautiful Pokrova-on-the-Nerl church which is located in the meadows. 20.15 – 22.00 Train back to Moscow.

* Yaroslavl - Yaroslavl is a picturesque town on the Volga River, famous for its beautiful 17th century churches, parks and gardens, luxury merchants' mansions and the oldest drama theatre of Russia. It will appear a real highlight of the Golden Ring. Yarolslavl is one of the oldest Russian towns, founded in the 9th century by Prince Yaroslav the Wise. In 2010 Yaroslavl celebrated its millennium. For the beauty and unique character Yaroslavl is nicknamed the 'Florence of the North." During the private tour you will explore the charming historic centre which is the UNESCO World Heritage site, learn about the city turbulent history. 17th century is the golden age of the Yaroslavl. During that period 35 stone temples were built by wealthy merchants or city authorities. The best Russian masters of mural paintings worked in Yaroslavl, making each church a unique monument of the Russian art. A real wonder is the Church of Elijah the Prophet. Its architectural forms, tiles and brick decorations dazzle the eye and the murals might appear a real encyclopedia of evangelical and biblical scenes. 7.35 am (3.18h) train to Yaroslavl. During your walking tour of Yaroslavl you will visit Transfiguration monastery, the oldest monastery in Yaroslavl. If you would like to capture some great views, you might climb the bell tower (optional at the extra cost). You will continue by walking along the embankment to see the stunning views of the Volga river. You will have a stop at the Church of Elijah the Prophet, one of the masterpieces of Yaroslavl architects which can be visited only during the summer time. You can drive to a local village to discover a unique museum of Russian dolls. You'll see its rare collection of dolls, learn about the life in a village, get involved in a doll making master class and have a Russia tea accompanied with pirozhki (Russian pastries). catch 19.34 train back to Moscow which arrives at 22.53. In Yaroslavl you might climb on top of the bell tower of the Transfiguration monastery, which gives an impressive view of the city center, however it might appear rather tiring to climb the stairs. 

* Bogdarnya - You can drive there for 3 hours. Besides rural views with the winding Klyazma river and vast meadows you might enjoy numerous countryside activities like horse-riding, fishing, mushroom and berries picking (in summer), cheese or meat master classes to name a few. We included some of them, others might be added upon your request.

* Bogolyubovo - You can drive to Bogolyubovo famous for the ancient Pokrova-on-the-Nerl Church of the 12 century located on the Nerl river among picturesque meadows. It is a 15 minute walk the church and 15 minute walk back but it is absolutely worth doing on a good day.

* Kostroma - You can go by car. The town is located at the confluence of the Volga and the Kostroma Rivers. During the tour you will visit the Ipatiev Monastery , once the shelter of Mikhail Romanov, the first tsar of the Romanov Dynasty. He was offered the Russian throne in 1613 thus ending the Time of Troubles and Polish Intervention in Russian. You will also see the Trinity Cathedral, known for its frescos as well as walk through the central part of Kostroma to admire 18th century architecture of provincial town.

* Pereslavl Zalessky - Drive to Pereslavl Zalessky, the town known since the 12th century. Sightseeing of Red Square and the remparts This town is famous for some unique museums like Museum of Iron, Museum of Kettle, Botik Museum ( This museum contains the only surviving boat from Peter the Great amusement flotilla)

* Rostov - Kremlin of Rostov, a walk along Nero lake, Rostov enamel exhibition. 7.35 am train to Rostov the Great. Rostov Kremlin tour, stunning panoramic views from the top of the bell tower, the exhibition of Finift (painted enamel).

* Yuryev-Polskoy - Drive to Yuryev-Polskoy, the town founded in the 12 century by Yuri Dolgoruky (founder of Moscow). The chief landmark of the town is St. George Church, brilliant example of pre-Mongolian architecture. During the tour you will also visit the grounds of the walled Archangel Michael Monastery, as well as enjoy picturesque views from the bell tower.

* Serpukhov — an old city to the south of Moscow, which has its own kremlin, Vysotsky Monastery, and Vladychny Convent

Do
Moscow has many attractions. English-language newspapers like The Moscow Times, Element, Moscow News and others can help navigate towards English-language friendly attractions and services.
It's really easy and safe to walk and drive everywhere in Moscow. 

Theatre
Moscow has several world-class theatres (Bolshoi, Maly, Moscow Art Theatre, to name a few), and it is definitely worth planning a visit to one of them, although it is neither easy, nor cheap.

* The grand theatre, one of the most famous in the world, in the center of the city. Includes ballet, opera, and classical music performances. Tickets usually sell out well in advance. You do not need to dress up to attend. The historic theatre also offers English tours Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 12:15pm.

* 

* 

Moscow has two circuses, the Nikulin circus on Tsvetnoi Bulvar (metro Tsvetnoi Bulvar), and the new circus near the University. Tickets can be bought for as little as RUB200, and even these seats are good. Touts may be selling tickets outside and can save you a lot of queueing, and they'll speak more English than the ticket office. Sometimes they are selling tickets at the cover price, and sometime at twice the price. Ask and make sure before parting with your cash.

The Obraztsov Puppet Theatre at the very north part of the Garden Ring has performances during the winter in the evening. Everything is in Russian and meant for children, but the stories are simple and quite understandable even if you don't understand Russian. There is a small box in front of the building where a puppet appears every hour and does a performance. At 12 midday all of the puppets appear for a short but entertaining appearance.

Banyas

Make sure you visit a Russian bathhouse (banya) while in Moscow, as it's an important Russian tradition and Russians, especially aged 40+, go at least once a week. Have a hot steam, followed by a good whipping with birch branches. While its not the most pleasant experience, the benefits you'll receive afterward will enable you to understand why Russians are loyal to their banya.

* The oldest and most famous Banya in Moscow, it looks like a palace with enormous halls, marble stairs, and frescos. The restaurant serves drinks for the complete after-banya experience. 90-minute guided tours are available on Tuesday evenings.

* Has a famous steam room with horseradish-flavored steam. Wide selection of brooms from birch tree, tatarian maple, lime tree, and eucalyptus. Prices are cheaper than other banyas.

* 120 years old but recently renovated.

* Famous for its traditionally-Russian massage with brooms soaked in mead where cold water is poured on you to get the blood flowing!

Ice skating
Like any city with snowy winters, Moscow is a great place to go ice skating. 

* Gorky Park is most famous but overcrowded and ice is not always in ideal condition; 
* Bosco rink on a Red Square is glamorous and easy, although bit costly and not too favoured by advanced skaters. 
* Luzhniki has arguably the best ice, although service can be tough and open hours are not always convenient. 
* The winter rinks at Chistye Prudy or Izmaylovsky Park are other alternatives.

Other
* Water Park affiliated with Maxima Hotels (discounts for guests). There are 7 high thrills (90-120m in length) and a pleasant surprise for extremers – Tsunami trill – unique in Russia. There are also 4-line thrills – Multislide and a special area for kids – a small tropical town with shallow pool.
Kva-Kva Lagoone offers hydromassage. There’s also pure Russian bath, Finnish sauna, Turkish bath (hamam) and Kva-Kva SPA-salon.

* 

* The oldest and the biggest zoo in Russia, has over 1000 animal species.

* Russian cooking classes are widely available. Learn how to cook “borsh“, “pelmeni”, “uha”, “kelubyaka”, etc. Neither experience nor deep cooking knowledge are required. The one thing you really need is a good mood, willing to communicate and to actively take part in the cooking. Everybody gets involved. The classes are conducted in English by friendly locals.

* All the activities you can imagine in the Russian skies: skydiving, hot air ballon, helicopter excursions, mig-29 flights, cosmonaut training center excursions.

Parks and gardens

* That is one perfect urban public park to get off from the bustle of such megapolis as it is Moscow. It is located between the building of the Moscow Manege and the Kremlin. There are three separates gardens within it, named Upper Garden, Middle Garden and Lower Garden. You can look from the foothill of the Kremlin walls, downward to the outlines of Moscow city. Very nice paths, alleys, fountains, the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, the monument of running horses, historical monuments to some glorious moments of Russian past and many other interesting things you can find here.
The Garden was built upon the order of the Tsar Alexander I after the Napoleonic Wars. 

* The most well known of Moscow's many parks, Gorky Park is one of the trendiest places in the city due to its cafes, places to stroll, an open-air cinema theatre, free Wi-Fi, and contemporary public art projects. In winter, it's a popular place to ice skate and it hosts an ice sculpture competition. You can rent a boat or bicycle.

* Victory Park – This massive memorial to WWII was built for the 50-year anniversary of V-E day in 1995. On weekends, it is very popular with newlyweds. The park now has its own metro station of the same name (Park Pobedy, on the Dark Blue line). There is also a museum to WWII worth visiting if you like military history.

* This former imperial estate is now a very popular weekend destination for Muscovites. It is a vast collection of churches and other buildings from the 16 and 17th centuries, including some wooden architecture that was transported here by the Soviet government from .

* A popular recreational park, which also hosts an exhibition centre. The place to go to experience the Russian nature without going far away from the centre. This is the place to experience Shashlik (Russian/Geogeian kebab) at a very low price (compared with other places) they can be found selling under huge tents all over the park. The park has an amusement park for the kids so they don't get bored. For the want to be hunter there are two Tirs bibi gun shooting ranges with only $1.40 per five shots. If you have a lot of time explore the forest deeper in the park you will find hard-to-find-in-America Birch trees and many people picking mushrooms (a national hobby) if you want to taste real russian spirt this is the best sample. The area is now infested with many high class hotels , such as Holiday Inn and others. One might like to try the goring church of the Jesus Christ, adjacent to park. 

* There is only one pond left, but it is squared with buildings so it is quite peaceful here despite hectic Sadovoye Ring nearby. Here you can take a nice walk and enjoy the mysterious atmosphere, for which the area is famous - due to the novel of Mikhail Bulgakov Master and Margaret (Master i Margarita), which is well-known for its combination of demonology, mysticism, humour, satire, art and love as well as wonderful depictions of Moscow of the thirties. Some moscovites are eager to take a seat on a bench with their back to Malaya Bronnaya street, as it is a reference to the novel.

* One of the few paid-entrance parks in Moscow. Small but very cozy; very carefully maintained; popular for photo sessions on weddings and babies.

* Small and well-maintained; excellent for making photos.

* It is a landscape urban park located adjacent to Red Square on the site of the former Rossiya Hotel. See picturesque view of the Kremlin, 
which visitors can admire "Zaryadye" from the "floating bridge" over the Moskva River. The "floating bridge" in the park "Zaryadye" is a thin air structure in the form of the letter "V" with a large outward extension of the console above the water. It towers over the embankment and seems to hover over the Moscow River. The bridge is unique in Russia: it has a 70-meter console without a single support. The bearing structure of the bridge was made of concrete, and the decorative elements were made of metal. The deck is wooden; the construction withstands a load of 240 tons, corresponding to 3-4 thousand people. In one of the pavilions of the Media centre, viewers are shown films about cultural monuments, protected areas and historical places of Russia. In the cinema, three rows of chairs will be located on a movable platform in front of a concave screen, its shape creating a panoramic image. The only digital media hall in Russia with a cylindrical screen and an interactive image will take viewers during the formation of Moscow. Ice cave Stylized pavilion with an interactive exhibition will tell visitors about the history of development of the Far North. Concert Hall The Philharmonic project is one of the most difficult in the park. On the one hand, the building will be "dug up" into the hill and it 
will be possible to walk along the roof. Only the glass facade will remain open. The amphitheater adjoins to the philharmonic society. It will be covered with a dome, the so-called glass bark, to protect park visitors from the rain. This is the world's largest translucent structure that will keep the warm climate under it even in winter. Attraction Flight over Russia To see all the beauty and breadth of Russia, to visit the Far North, to admire the Ural mountains and the Caucasus ridges, visitors to the 4D-attraction "Flight over Russia" will be able to find themselves in the Far East and the Baltic Sea.

Learn

Moscow remains the educational centre of Russia and the former USSR. There are 222 institutes of higher education, including 60 state universities & 90 colleges. Some of these offer a wide-spectrum of programs, but most are centred around a specific field. This is a hold-over from the days of the USSR, when Soviet-wide there were only a handful of wide-spectrum "universities" mostly with fundamental educational programs and research (mathematics and mechanics, all branches of physics, chemistry, biology, etc.) and a large number of narrow-specialization "institutes" focusing on applied science such as different fields of engineering (mostly in Moscow and Saint Petersburg). Moscow offers some of the best business/management, science, & arts schools in the world. Moscow is also a popular destination for foreign students to learn Russian.

*Russian language courses for everyone from beginners to advanced students at MGU, Moscow

:* Russian courses from 4 wks-3 semesters: Pre-university Russian (to prepare for a Russian-language university education, teaches jargon/vocabulary for 6 fields), preparation to be a teacher of Russian, & 6 levels of Russian for fun. 

* Specializes in Aviation-related science & engineering. Courses in Russian, but the school has "Pre-school" Russian courses & a tolerance for some English.

* As the name suggests, this school offers Medical & Pharmacological degrees exclusively. It claims to be the oldest medical school in Russia and once to be a medical department of Lomonosov Moscow State University. Courses in Russian, but Russian courses for English-speakers offered. First 2-3 years courses can be in English, afterwards in clinical years mainly in the Russian language. 

Work
You will need a work visa which is not an easy process. The visa needs to be arranged well in advance of travelling.
It is possible to work in Moscow, you just need to find a good company to support you.

Buy
Credit card acceptance is widespread. ATMs are plentiful, display in English and accept the major card networks such as Visa/Plus and MasterCard/Cirrus. Currency exchange offices are plentiful in the city, but be sure to count your change and note that the advertised rates sometimes don't include an added commission or only apply to large exchanges. Be sure to break your RUB5,000 and RUB1,000 notes where you can since the smaller merchants, street vendors and even many metro clerks often refuse them. 

Shopping Malls

Large shopping malls are common near metro stations. 

* A one-stop souvenir venue with hundreds of vendors selling everything from matryoshka dolls to fur hats to lacquer boxes to expensive jewelry. The ground level is where souvenirs are sold. Because some vendors only show up on weekends, the best selections are on Saturday, from 10am to 6pm or Sunday from 10am to around 3, but it's open every day of the week.

* Opened in 2014, at 390,000 square meters, this is Europe's largest shopping mall. There are more than 500 shops, a cinema with 17 halls, winter garden, and a 4-level aquarium with tropical fish. The stores were initially slow to open due to the weak economy but it is now fairly busy. Don't expect to find anything of particular interest here, it is full of mainstream shops and brands that you could easily find in any other large shopping mall anywhere else in the world. And if you were thinking you might find a bargain, think again, compared for example with Western Europe or North America, prices are steep. Most interesting is probably roaming around the supermarket, where you'll be able to find all kinds of Russian foods and an impressive selection of vodka, despite it being a French chain (Auchan). The aquarium is impressive but it's certainly not worth visiting Aviapark specifically to see it.

* Opened in 2006. Many international brand-name shops e.g. Marks and Spencer, Next, Levi's, Calvin Klein, and Swatch can be found here. There is also a multi-screen cinema, food gallery, supermarket, and opticians.

* Underground shopping mall with shops with lots of internationally known brands.

* A very large modern mall conveniently located next to Kursky railway station with plenty of brand shops, restaurants, a cinema, and a vast food court. A great location to spend some time while awaiting your train, but make sure you can return to the station in time!

* Once filled with Soviet-era goods of mediocre quality, it is now a mall with international labels and hyper-expensive boutiques. Even if you don't buy anything, it's highly recommended you go inside and look at the architecture.

* Has stores selling toys, books, DVDs, and souvenirs. Again, even if you do not buy anything, its worth going to explore this building.

* A luxury shopping centre that includes international stores such as Chanel, Porsche, Cartier, VIP cinema, trendy restaurants, spas.

Eat 

Dining establishments in Moscow range from food stalls near metro stations to quick canteen-style 'Stolovaya' eateries to American-style fast food chains to overpriced restaurants catering to tourists to high-end restaurants where you can spend RUB10,000.

Restaurants and cafes promising "European and Caucasus cuisine" generally cater to tourists and are usually bad; seek a restaurant that specializes in a single region instead (Georgian, Russian, Italian, French, etc.).

Many small restaurants offer lunch specials costing RUB200-250. These deals are valid from 12:00 to 15:00 and include a cup of soup or an appetizer, a small portion of the main dish of the day, bread and a non-alcoholic beverage.

Tipping
For information on tipping in restaurants, see .

Ethnic food
Authentic ethnic food from countries of the nearby is common in Moscow. Turkish food, including Döner kebab are very popular in Moscow. Other Asian cuisines including Vietnamese, Thai, and Chinese are becoming increasing more common.
* Located at the ground floor of a huge furniture store, it looks like a gigantic food court filled with Asian, Caucasian, Italian, seafood, burger and healthy snack stalls. They also have a couple of bars. A rare decent place to eat well for 500-600RUB. 

Budget

Fast Food Chains
Free-standing kiosks serving sausages, meat pies, or kebobs are plentiful, although the origins of the meat served is questionable and the food has been known to occasionally make people sick. McDonalds and KFC have locations near almost every shopping mall. It is common to pay extra for condiments.

* Kroshka-Kartoshka – These green kiosks sell microwave-baked potatoes as well as toasted sandwiches and a few drinks. Hot and filling, but rather expensive for a potato.

* Teremok – These brown-colored kiosks sell large blinchiki, Russian crepes that come with a variety of fillings. Very tasty and authentic. Make sure to try the Kvass, a traditional Russian drink made from rye bread.

* Kruzhka – Serves cheap food and mugs of beer. 20 locations around Moscow. The menu is relatively simple, consisting mainly of types of kebab and shawarma, with fries. Sports events are on often shown on televisions or a big screen.

* Prime Star – Specializing in natural food such as sandwiches and salads. RUB400 for a cold soup, salad, and beverage.

Canteen-style cafeterias
In these cafeterias, you take a tray, move along a counter with food (either taking the dishes yourself or asking the staff to give you a bowl of soup, a plate of vegetables, etc.) and pay at the cash register at the end of the counter. These self-serve establishments have decent quality food, no waiting time, and good prices. Canteen chains include Café Moo-Moo (30 locations) and Grabli (Грабли).

Mid-range

* Indian restaurant with panoramic view over the city. The cuisine is authentic; arguably it's the best Indian restaurant in Moscow.

* Great authentic Armenian food.

* Well outskirts—but worth a dedicated trip. Non-Europeanized authentic Chinese restaurant. with therefore generous portions, each main can typically fill a couple. Both run entirely by and where 80% of clients are Chinese. Try turtle soup; eggplants in caramel sauce. Loud karaoke weekend evenings. No credit cards.

* Ukrainian chain restaurant with a interior decorated like a Ukrainian house.

* Cuisine from the Caucus region. Large menu with pictures, good choice of Russian beer and vodka at reasonable prices.

* A chain of Italian restaurants. Relatively inexpensive but quite popular among locals and expatriates working in Moscow.

* Russian cuisine with some unusual dishes such as bear and elk, in a medieval setting.

* Ancient Russian cuisine including game.

* Trendy place for 30-year-olds and up; one of the most moderate-priced French cuisine places. Very friendly to children: weekend drawing classes etc with proficient mentors.

* Gastropub named after the legendary Manchester United footballer & playboy is trying to satisfy adult hipster sport fans with high quality food, wide range of beers and cocktails, broadcasts and weekend techno/house parties. Located inside Gostiny Dvor, the medieval trading area turned contemporary mall just east of the Kremlin, the 19th century exposed-brick interior has three floors, and a variety of atmosphere.

* More than a dozen soup varieties.

* A small chain of American-style diners, where you can still try Russian borsch or pelmeni. Popular among Moscow expats and the Moscow middle-class crowd for quality food and fast service.

* A popular chain of Vietnamese restaurants.

Splurge

* French restaurant with an attached and much cheaper bar/cafe which also serves good food. Good wine list. French/English/Russian spoken.

* Specifically a Siberian restaurant, with a menu featuring the freshest river-fish from Siberia's vast rivers and lakes, game dishes from the riches of the taiga forests, pickles and preserves featuring mushrooms and berries. Good food, good service.

* Northern cuisine, specializing in seafood.

* Stylish Japanese atmosphere.

* Has a cafe and restaurant (cafe is cheaper). A fake 19th century mansion (built in 1999) that pretends to be a tourist attraction, not just a place to eat. The legend goes that so many foreigners were asking for the restaurant with this name that they finally opened one. With a stretch of imagination the food might pass for what it purports to be, the aristocratic Russian cuisine from the Czarist times.

* French restaurant with live music from a harp. Great ambiance but the service can be slow.

* Genuine Italian restaurant frequented by Italians.

* The restaurant is a great little find but do not be fooled by the word cafe. It is quite trendy inside and can be busy in the evening. Overall, the food is absolutely delicious.

* Astonishing interiors in fusion style. Combining an old fireplace with fretted designer furniture and an active bar in the middle of the hall with a 360 degree panorama view of the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Ukraina hotel. You get an outstanding view on the Garden Ring, the New Arbat and the river Moscow through the windows.

Drink

Bars

* Probably the widest choice of beers in the city in the regular menu, plus seasonal extra beer listings, new region every season.

* British-style pub. Wide choice of UK beers. Large food menu. Beers and food are reasonable priced.

* A large bar with furniture and artwork, including a portrait of Vladimir Putin, made out of clay.

* First English pub opened in Moscow, existing since 2003. It is not so easy to find it - look for the entrance with the territory of the Alexander Garden, opposite to the eternal flame.

* A craft beer bar overlooking the former KGB headquarters.

* 

* Great choice of wines and snacks in a cozy basement right across Cofemania, with a special person who sit downs to talk (and recommend a drink or two) with you if you're alone.

* Boasts quite a long cocktail list, including all-time favorites like Screwdrivers, Cosmopolitans and Manhattans. The bar is packed on Fri and Sat nights.

* A truly incredible selection of draught and bottled craft beers. A young crowd and a great place to try a fantastic variety of every possible kind of beer.

* Belgian beer restaurant, a rare women-friendly beer place. Table games. Parking; outdoor terrace (open until 11PM; booking required).

Clubs

* The interior, menu and drinks are quite simple. Musical performances every weekend. During the winter, the small yard is used as a skating rink.

* A great alternative bar with lots of cheap drinks. With great music, a hip and funky crowd, as well as a relatively relaxed door control. A great place to dance all night and have fun. Also very good value-for-money place to eat.

Cafes
Moscow has several café chains with great coffee. Moscow also has a good selection of tea saloons. High-quality infusion teas such as Newby, are widely available in cafes, both in packets and loose. Also most coffee shops serve invented in Moscow coffee drink called Raf.

Asking to add boiling water to the tea you ordered earlier is a practice that some cafes don't welcome, but normally it's acceptable.

* This bakery is known for its award-winning coffee. A great place to have a hearty breakfast, a delicious and reasonable priced «business lunch» or an outstanding dessert. Every spot provides free wi-fi and has a special menu for kids.

* For a late night nibble or a quick morning pick me up, Volkonsky is one of the better places in Moscow that doubles as a bakery/coffee shop. Great ambiance and a neighborhood feel.

Sleep 

With the exception of some high-end hotels, all hotels and hostels offer free WiFi and many have computer terminals. Almost all accept credit cards. Hotels and hostels will usually provide a visa invitation and registration for an additional fee.

Budget
Hostels

* The oldest and well-known hostel in Moscow. Recently renovated. One of the most popular place for backpackers. Decent bathrooms and very friendly staff. 

* A nice clean hostel. The owner, Dennis, is really helpful. UNFORTUNATELY CLOSED. Everybody moved to Godzillas hostel

* A cozy, clean, and a fun place to stay. All of the staff speaks English, with some speaking other languages too. CLOSED

* Nice, clean and really cozy hostel.

* Old building with large rooms and high ceilings.

* 

* 

* 

Mid-range
* This large 30-storeyed hotel is built on the site of the old village "Izmailovo", which was the suburban estate of Russian Tsars (and some medieval buildings still stand there, about 15 min walk from the hotel). Peter the Great spent there his childhood. "Alfa", as well as four other neighbouring hotels with similar architecture, was built in 1980 for the Olympic games. The project authors were awarded with the State prize. Standard rooms are of good quality with all the necessary facilities available, and the ones on upper floors reveal a panoramic view of the Park and Petrovskii lakes. Four modern high-speed elevators serve the upper floors. A sport and sushi bar, Italian and Georgian restaurants are available on the ground floor.

* 159 exquisite rooms and suites are equipped with the latest multi-media technology and offer state-of-the-art business services.

* 

* All rooms have air-conditioner, a plasma TV with cable, a telephone, and private toilet and shower. Some of its amenities include dry cleaning/laundry and massage service.

* Can be noisy during conferences.

* All rooms have air-conditioning, a cable TV, and an en-suite toilet and bath. Some of its amenities are restaurant and bar, a business center, and a beauty parlor.

* Furnished rooms, all of which have a cable TV, a mini-bar, and a telephone. Some of its amenities are dry cleaning/laundry and room service.

* 92 individually decorated rooms and suites. Cable & satellite TV channels. Sauna and jacuzzi, laundry, dry-cleaning and valet services, and 24 hours room service.

* 

* Accor hotels. Stylish décor and good food.

* Luxury budget hotel.

* A/C rooms equipped with tv with satellite channels and shower with bathtub. Includes business center, bar, restaurant, conference room and fitness room/gym.

* In an area that was once part of the Great Silk Road. It offers cozy rooms, all of which have air-conditioner, cable TV, mini-bar, and refrigerator. Includes restaurant and bar and fitness room/gym.

* In a wood-park zone which is only a 15-minute ride equally distant both from the international airport “Sheremetievo-2” and the centre. The hotel's accommodation facilities encompass 29 single rooms, 119 two-person and 10 two-room luxe, All of them are nicety furnished with Italian furniture and equipped with satellite TV.

* Rooms have LCD TV with local and international channels. Includes restaurant and bar, and room service.

* Located in a 19th-century building. Satellite TV and a private bathroom. Some rooms have a separate bedrooms and living room. Breakfast available. Room service is available and packed lunches can be organised for day trips. A tour desk offers advice on what to see and do in Moscow. Other facilities include a 24-hour reception, safety deposit box and free newspapers.

* Relatively cheap and modest accommodation.

Splurge
* Spacious rooms, good service and a buffet breakfast.

* Disappointing service for a 5 star hotel, although the amenities and breakfast served daily are commendable. Views from the rooms are fantastic, and the hotel is located near all the main tourist sites.

* This landmark Moscow hotel offers a contemporary selection of rooms and suites - with panoramic views over the historic city centre, featuring complimentary Wi-Fi.

* Traditional Art Nouveau-style hotel. Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable, with plasma TVs, minibars and more.

* 5-star.

* Located in historic downtown Moscow, a boutique hotel designed in Art Deco is the right choice for demanding quests. Spa by Algotherm, indoor pool, sauna and Turkish baths. Award-winning restaurant "Numbers". Spacious rooms, 84 suits. Suitable for weddings.

* Friendly staff and beautiful building.

* Built in 2007 with 19th century styling for an old world style, look and feel. The staff are fluent in English and are helpful and professional.

* Standing out among Moscow hotels, this accommodation provides a central capital city location near the Kremlin and the main thoroughfares to Sheremetyevo International Airport.

* Top notch hotel. A stunning bar on the 34th floor has a complete 360 degree view of Moscow and the cocktail and wine list is extremely impressive.

Stay safe

Moscow enjoys a relatively low crime rate. However, Moscow is a large metropolis so common sense should be used. Avoid dark alleys - like you would anywhere else. 

Keep in mind that all the drugs are strictly prohibited. Any quantity of prohibited substances can lead to a jail. 

Keep an eye out for pickpockets on metro, in train stations, airports, sightseeing places, and other crowded areas; avoid going on dark deserted streets at night.

The police may demand to see your papers to check if you have been registered within 7 business days of your arrival into Moscow. Always remember that if you stay in a hotel then you are automatically registered and will be handed a confirmation paper at a time of check-in, so don't worry in this case. The police are usually looking for illegal migrants from Central Asia and unless you fit this profile, you are unlikely to be questioned.

In winter months, streets in Moscow can get very slippery. Take a pair of grippy shoes or, even better, boots (to prevent twisted ankles) and a waterproof raincoat. Take care as ice patches are often hard to spot, even when they appear to have been cleared or melted. Wearing non-grippy shoes could result in injury.

Downtown Moscow is very brightly lit, and a lot of the wide roads have underground pedestrian walkways. Those are well lit too - so you shouldn't worry about going down inside them. But of course, like anywhere else, do use common sense, and keep an eye out for pickpockets. Use the pedestrian crossings to cross the street, as traffic can get pretty crazy often times. Furthermore, racism and homophobia is prevalent in Moscow and other major cities.

Beware of Taxi scams. These are pretty common, especially close to the airports, railway stations, tourist sights, bars and clubs. Do not get into the car unless you agreed on price before. DO NOT hope for taxi meters, this can lead you into a bigger scam. The safest way is using UBER, Yandex or similar apps. If not possible, try to arrange the price before. Also using this cars can be dangerous. Taxi drivers are often quite reckless drivers, however if you politely ask the driver to slow down there is a chance that they will do that. It is also not advised to ride with unnoficial "nelegalniye" (illegal) taxis as they are often old cars which may lack essential safety standards like seatbelts, which together with the fact that their drivers are often very reckless and often use their phone while driving, creates a big risk of getting in an accident.You might also be surprised to see some cars driving with their music volume all the way up and their windows rolled down, unfortunately this is quite normal and there is no law against it. Also keep in mind that in very heavy traffic (which is basically every morning and evening) some crazy drivers (applies to all kinds of vehicles) may attempt to bypass the traffic by driving through the opposite lane or on the sidewalk.

As is the case everywhere else in Russia, driving in Moscow is a pretty crazy experience. Even though laws have been made tougher and fines bigger, the majority of drivers on the road got their drivers licence using bribery. Because of this, you will notice a lot of people doing things like suddenly swerving accross 6 lanes of traffic, speeding by a lot, aggressively cutting you off, drifting (usually people with old modified Japanese cars or expensive Porsches,BMWs or Mercedes, usually at night), running red lights (including the almost-traditional Russian practice of flying through a red light at a busy intersection), not yielding to pedestrians and etc. It is advised that if you are going to drive in Moscow that you get yourself a dashcam, as if you get in an accident with a local person (mind you, even a tiny markless bump is still considered a vehicular accident by Russian law) the traffic police will most likely be biased in their favour.

Contact

For information on using telephones and buying SIM cards in Russia, see .

Wireless Internet

 Beeline WiFi operates the largest network of both paid and free WiFi access points. If there is a charge, you can pay online via credit card.

 iTourer Pocket hotspot for rent. Take at arrival the hotspot with realy unlimited Gigabytes and speed and be online ewerywhere in Russia. You can book on wifiinrussia.com

 Power WiFi Provides a rental service. For 2$ per day one gets powerbank for travellers (7 800 mAh) with integrated WiFi router (3/4G connection for up to 5 devices) and a concierge app, ☎ +7 705 333 30 00 (info@powerwifi.co).

There is a large network of free WiFi hotspots in the city centre; check your device in the middle of a busy area and you may find one.

Many cafes and restaurants offer WiFi, although it is often at an additional charge. Most bookstores offer free WiFi, including Dom Knigi on New Arbat Street or "Respublika" bookstore on Tverskaya near Mayakovskaya Metro Station.

Many establishments that offer free WiFi, such as the Metro system, McDonalds, and Domodedovo airport, require you to verify an authorization code sent via text message before gaining access.

Cope

Embassies
Moscow is one of the global diplomatic capitals, competing with , , , and . Most countries have embassies in the city.

{| 
|-
| style="vertical-align:top;width:50%;" |
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
| style="vertical-align:top;width:50%;" |
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
|}

Get out
Since Moscow is the biggest transportation centre in Russia and one of main the points of entry for the foreign tourists, it is a convenient starting point for exploring much of European Russia. Even travelling through Moscow to Ukraine and some Caucasian and Central Asian countries (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Uzbekistan etc.) could be cheaper than direct flights from Europe/North America. Travel deals to Moscow are not rare and ticket prices are often pretty low within the former USSR.

* - 13 different overnight trains leave Moscow for the 7 hr (or thereabouts) journey, arriving the next morning. You can either take the sleeper trains, which is a very interesting experience. Russians have a "train" culture, so it's very possible that you will meet your bunk mates and have a meal and drink with them. You can also take the high-speed Sapsan trains - they take about 4 hours, and the vistas rushing by are very lovely. You might even consider paying the extra money for a first class sleeper cabin which has two comfortable beds. Included in the price is a small snack for supper and breakfast. There is also an attendant for each carriage who is willing to make tea in classic metal and glass tea glasses. Very civilized way to travel.

* - One of the finest of 's usadbas (estates) is only a short elektrichka ride away from Moscow and makes a fine day excursion.

* - Old cities and towns rich in historical buildings, situated in the heartland of Muscovy Russia. There are many tourist companies organizing guided tours, but travellers with rudimentary knowledge of Cyrillic alphabet can do it independently. Many guidebooks are available in English.

*Kubinka Tank Museum - One of finest armour collections in the world. About one hour west of the city, accessible by local train (eletrichka) or REKS express train trains with Dachshund on the train cars), and take cab (200 rubel for one way) or marshrutka N59 to the "Tankoviy Muzey" bus stop (only RUB30but after the arriving to the bus stop you should to walk 600 meters on foot along the road until you reach museum checkpoint) from the train station. Earlier access was restricted, previously visitors had apply for a permit. Only a photocopy of the visa and the passport is required for the entrance (at least for EU citizens). The fee is RUB1500 + RUB300 for photo for foreigners. Entrance for kids under 6 years old is free. Definitely worth the bother for any self-respecting tank buff.

*Leninskiye Gorki - An old country estate, expropriated by the Communist authorities after 1917 and used by V. Lenin as his country residence when he became ill. Large museum, although pretty decrepit now.

* battlefield - This is the site of the famous Battle of Borodino. Museum and national historic site Commuter trains from Belorussky Station; 2-3 daily, travel time about 2 hours.

* - home of the Central Air Force Museum.

* - a historical area of famous 1380 Kulikovo battle against mongol invaders

*Melikhovo (Chekhov's country house south of Moscow)

* - Famous old Orthodox monastery (Troitse-Sergieva Lavra). Commuter trains from Yaroslavsky Station, several daily; travel time about 1 1/2 hours.

* - A nice medieval town (about 2 hrs from Moscow) with a number of very interesting churches and monasteries

* (Leo Tolstoi's country house close to Tula)

* - A small town in Moscow Region hosting the House-Museum of Pyotr Tchaikovsky

*Peredelkino - a dacha complex just southwest of Moscow with museum-houses of many prominent Russian poets and writers (e.g. Pasternak, Yevtushenko, Okudzhava, Chukovsky)

*New Jerusalem Resurrection Monastery - A monastery-fortress (male, working) with a number of museums inside and next to the walls: Wooden architecture museum, local history museum, Art and History museum etc. The monastery was founded in 1656 by Tzar Alexis II and Patriarch Nikon (his "cell", a three-storey house stands in the park outside the monastery walls) to resemble the original Jerusalem. The place is roughly between Novoierusalimskaya (15 min on foot) and Istra (15 min by bus) elektrichka stations, around 60 km from Moscow.

*Savvino-Storozhevskiy monastery - A beautiful monastery with interesting history, closely connected to Russian Tzars. Commuter trains from Belorussky station to , several daily; travel time about an hour, but the terminus of the elektrichka is 2 miles from the town, which boasts a number of historically significant churches itself, and about 3 miles from the monastery, which is on a nearby hill. 

* - A town about 65 km North from Moscow (trains from Savelovsky station, several daily, travel time 1 1/2 hours), on Moscow Channel, with old churches, interesting sculptures in the streets and a number of museums. Hot air balloon flights over Dmitrov area are possible.

*Snegiri - Settlement about 40 km from Moscow (Volokolamskoe hwy) that boasts a monument to the Defense of Moscow during WW2, with a good collection of tanks, and a museum. Trains from Rizhsky Station, several daily, travel time about an hour.

* - A very worthwhile day trip to one of the oldest Russian cities with an ancient fortress. Buses and trains leave from Belorussky Railway Terminal several times a day, cost from 800 RUB and take about 5.5 hours.

* Balakovo - about a 1000 km south-east from Moscow, a jewel on Volga river with nice natural sceneries, wonderful and cheap food, warm and hospital people. 21hrs train will take you directly from Moscow to Balakovo. Many Moscow inhabitants prefer to spend summer camping on the island Pustynniy Ostrov near Balakovo to enjoy warm beaches, fresh fish and vegetables, as well as to get rest in a quiet place after noisy Moscow life.