Nanded is a city in .

Understand
Nanded (Marathi: नांदेड), is the second largest city in region of Maharashtra state of India. Nanded is also district headquarter of Nanded District in Marathwada region or [[Nanded, Maharashtra|Nanded revenue division. It is known as an important holy place for the Sikh faith.

Get in
By plane
* Nanded is connected with three flights in a week for Mumbai. The nearest international airport is Hyderabad(284km). Nanded has the dubious distinction of having Marathwada region's first airport. But due to negligence, it was not developed. It was inaugurated on 4 October 2008 by Union Aviation Minister Praful Patel and Maharashtra Chief Minister Ashokrao Chavan. Kingfisher Airlines has started the first commercial flight from Nanded airport operating between Mumbai-Nanded-Latur. The flight operates thrice a week on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Go Air also started its services from Amritsar-New Delhi-Mumbai-Nanded-Nagpur.

By train
Nanded is well connected by railway. Direct trains are available to Nanded from Mumbai, Aurangabad, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Nagpur, Patna, Delhi, Pune, Sriganganagar, Rajasthan, and Amritsar. 

By bus 
Nanded is 650km east of Mumbai by road and about a six-hour drive from Aurangabad and Hyderabad and an 11-hour drive from Pune. Several passenger bus services operate from Nanded providing easy overnight connectivity with almost every major city in Maharashtra. These buses are reasonably priced and fairly punctual. The comfort level differs significantly from operator to operator.

Get around

See
*Kaleshwar temple. It is a Shiva temple, on the banks of the river Godavari. It is actually in the village Vishnupuri, on the outskirts of Nanded.
*Namaskar Square, Railway Station Rd, Hyder Bagh, Dashmesh Nagar, Harsh Nagar, Nanded, Maharashtra 431601.
*Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji Museum, 5847+9Q8, Hingoli Gate Flyover, Vazirabad, Nanded, Maharashtra 431601, ph.+91 8779833855.

Do
* 

Events
* Every year thousands of Sikhs, from all over the country flock to Nanded to pay respects to Takht Sachkhand Shri Hazur Abchalnagar Sahib. The Gurudwara trust is gearing up for the tercentenary celebrations, scheduled for October. It is about 10 mins away from the railway station.

Buy
* The biggest mall in the city. Eat, shop, and watch movies.

Eat
* 

Drink

Sleep
* 
* Is that just 10-minute run from the central bus stand or railway station. Restaurant in the city and the best one for Indian, continental and Chinese food and also the best accommodation. 

Contact

Get out