Pangnirtung is a hamlet on in , . It serves as one of the starting points for trekkers departing for the in - the other being .

Get in
First Air and Canadian North offer daily scheduled flights to Pangnirtung from .

Get around

See

Do
There are two trails suitable for day hikes. 

* The Ikuvik Trail starts on the east bank of the Duval River and leads to the peak of Mount Duval (671m above sea level). As the terrain is rocky most of the way, there is no real path. Follow the stone markers (inukshuks) along the Duval River and then turn to a V-shaped notch in the ridge and then pick either a direct path straight to the peak or a longer, less steep one around the south side of the mountain.

* The Ukama Trail follows the west bank of the Duval River for about three miles to the mouth of an unnamed stream (elevation 300m). At the end of the trail, climb uphill (about 40m elevation) to reach a plateau with good views of the terrain. From there, you can choose to follow Duval River as it turns eastward, to follow the stream to small lake fed by glacier melt, or to continue climbing southeast to enjoy excellent views of the Duval River valley and the mountains surrounding it.

Buy
There is a Co-Op store in Pangnirtung, where you can buy groceries, supplies, ammunition, clothing, and some outdoors equipment. There is a dedicated section selling art, jewellery, accessories and other items made by local artisans.

Eat
The only public eating establishment in town is a fast food court at Northern Store supermarket.

Drink
Pangnirtung is a dry town. No alcohol is sold in town and guests at the Auyuittuq Lodge are prohibited from bringing alcohol to the hotel.

Sleep
The only lodging in town is Auyuittuq Lodge 867-473-8955. It has 11 double rooms with shared bathrooms. Single travelers may find themselves sharing a room with a stranger in time of high demand.

The lodge serves breakfast (6.30-9.30am), lunch (12-1pm), and dinner (6-7pm on weekdays, 5-6pm on weekends) to guests. It is not open to the public.

There is an official camp site (without any facilities) near the mouth of the Duval River.

Contact

Get out