Paros is a major island of the group and is frequented by summer tourists heading toward and .

Regions

Cities
* the island's port town and capital.
*
*
*
*Marpissa
* is an old fishing village marked by tourism but not too overwhelmed with a clear focus on harbor activities (e.g. fishing, island trips, etc.). The village is characterized by its Venetian port and its many fish restaurants. The architecture of the area is also incredible. A local bar scene welcoming to international tourists is growing as visitor numbers increase to Paros.
*

Other destinations

Understand 

Paros is a Greek island in the group, neighboring , and is one of the most popular holiday destinations for visitors to the Greek islands. Paros is the second largest island of the . It has an area of 196 square kilometers and a coastline 120km long. 
The island has the advantage of being located centrally in the Cyclades near , , and . Most of the ferries to and make a stop first at Paros.

The island is the third in popularity of the group. First are and .

Paros is considered as one of the most beautiful islands of the . It is characterized by the many beaches and also the charming villages.

The island Paros has been occupied since 4,000 years ago. Also, Paros is known as the heroine Manto Mavrogenous, and she is honored, revered, and worshiped until this day. You can still find her house near the Ekatontapiliani church, which has become a historical monument.

The climate of Paros is characterized by hot, dry summers and mild winters. Like in most of the Aegean islands it hardly ever rains during summer but rain showers can be expected between October and April. Temperatures in July and August range from 30ºC (86ºF) during the day to 22ºC (72ºF) at night. The Cyclades are famous for the constant wind (called meltemi) in July and August that mitigates the heat a bit. 
In the whole period mid-May through mid-October, it's usually warm and sunny enough to enjoy the beaches.

In Paros, most of the population can speak English except the older generation. In many bars, pubs, restaurants, and shops there is somebody who speaks English, Italian, or German.

Get in

By plane
There are daily air services from and only. Olympic Air is the main carrier, but there are also flights by Sky Express. Paros Airport (Αεροδρόμιο Πάρου), ph.+30 2284090500, 

By boat
Ferries and highspeed catamaran services run daily from , and - Crete island. The high speeds take half the time but cost twice as much. 

Many travelers probably don’t even consider Rafina a possible departure port, if they are heading to one of the , but if you are arriving at the airport of Athens you are often better off taking a ferry from Rafina than traveling to Athens and getting a ferry from Piraeus.

The ferry landing is haunted by dozens of room-hawkers and is manic. If you arrive during high wind and/or at night, it can all be a bit overwhelming. Know where you're going, book ahead or turn right and head for the nearby bus terminal to the right of the ferry terminal exit for regular bus shuttles across the island.

Ferry schedules for your service

Get around

By bus
Bus services operate between the towns with very frequent departures in season. The main bus station is in Parikia, very near the port. The second hub is Naousa. There are five lines well distributed to cover every part of the island.

It is possible to buy your bus ticket from the bus driver (have exact change ready), but you can also buy your bus tickets before boarding the bus. Tickets are sold at Parikia and Naousa Terminal Stations and also in selected stores, mini markets, and kiosks that have the special sign in Parikia, Naousa, Lefkes, Prodromos, Marmara, Marpisa, Piso Livadi, Drios, Aliki, Punda, Voutakos and Antiparos. One way ticket price is €1.80; a bit more for longer distances. The price for a daily ticket for all lines is €9.

By car or by motorbike
Car hire is readily available in all towns and is relatively cheap out of the season. Also, there is a possibility of rental motorbikes, ATVs, or bicycles.
*ML motorland cars & motorbikes rental is located in Naoussa.
*ParosEuropeanRent cars & motorbikes rental is located in Parikia.

See

*Lefkes village is untouched by the touristic wave. It is in the middle of the island with many nice tavernas and beautiful alleys. From Lefkes you can take a very nice walk at the old stones of the Byzantine Route down to Prodromos.
*Panagia Ekatontapiliani church which means the church of 100 doors, in Parikia (very close to the harbor) a 4th-century monument, rebuilt after the earthquake of 1773. The original church was built by St. Helen, the mother of St. Constantine, according to the legend.
*Old town of Parikia is considered to be the biggest on the Cyclades island. 

Do 
* Visit as many beaches as you can, don't stay in one every day. Every beach has a different feeling. Try Farangas, Parasporos, Krios, Kato yalos, Agia Irini, Logaras is very nice for families.
* Paros has a hiking trail network of 35 km. Part of them are organized and well marked, others are old and exciting awaiting you there on Paros.
* 
* 
* Paros is also famous for its watersports, specifically wind and kitesurfing. The eastern coastal town of Drios with neighboring beaches of "chryssi akti" translated golden beach and "tserdakia" known as the new golden beach are the most popular surfing destinations. The latter was the site of many PWA IFCA international windsurfing championships as well as other international events.

Events
Dozens of events-festivals are held each year on Paros, particularly in the summer months. There are festivals to suit the tastes of every visitor to the island. Mainly in the summer months, visitors to Paros will have the opportunity to celebrate with the residents of the island at one of many festivals. On 23 June is the well-known Kleidonas festival. It is celebrated with solemnity and fires in Aliki, Naoussa, and Prodromos. On 23 August is celebrated the Festival of the Pirates marks the anniversary of the pirate raid on Naoussa. 

Buy

Eat
Island cuisine is based on the products of the sea and land. It is rich in fish, vegetables, salads, and legumes - meat is secondary. The food is cooked in olive oil and accompanied by local wine. Paros has a very good fresh cheese named Myzithra: perfect with oregano, olive oil, and small tomatoes.

Stay safe
Paros is generally a safe island.

Be aware of rental scams, especially with agencies working only with motorbikes and ATVs. Using these types of vehicles is very common on Paros and there are a lot of rental agencies. Some of them are ready to cheat. They will offer faulty motorbikes or ATVs for a lower price, but in case of an accident, they will demand that the customer pays for the whole cost of damage. They are offering only basic insurance but will present it like full insurance. Also, there is a big possibility of serious injuries.

It is possible to recognize these rental agencies by observing them aggressively attracting tourists and offering lower prices than others. Employees in front of these types of agencies will be loud and ready to promise everything until the contract is signed. It is necessary to check the vehicle before making any decision. Their vehicles are in most cases dusty, dirty, and look old.

Get out 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
*