Piura is the capital city of the region of Piura in northern . It´s a bit bustly and not overly beautiful, yet still has an attractive air, and is a great place to gobble down some tasty Peruvian cuisine.

Get in

By air

The airport () has flights to and . Airlines come and go frequently, LAN seems to have the strongest hold. TACA also has cheap flights to Lima. Flights leave around 6:30am, 2:00pm, and another later in the evening.

By bus
Countless companies (eg Oltursa, Flores, Ronco, Tourismo Dias) serve from Piura with their individual terminals congregating near Plaza Francisco Bolognesi roundabout on Av Bolognesi or Loreto Norte. National buses run along the Panamerican Highway from to via Piura (~20 hours) & some to the border with Ecuador. See Transportes Loja below for the much easier La Tina border crossing into Ecuador.

Ormeño connect directly from Lima to Guayaquil daily & Quito weekly via Piura. 

Transportes Loja operate from Piura to Loja in Ecuador 3 times daily leaving at 0930am, 1300pm & 2130pm (Apr '15), ~9 hours. Buses no longer depart from Av Sanchez Cerro, but share Ronco's terminal on Loreto Norte near the roundabout with Av Bolognesi, find the ticket office towards the rear of the terminal.

CIFA has buses to Guayaquil with connections to Cuenca via a change in Machala. Their "Especial" service is a double decker bus with sleeper seats on the lower floor. (from Cuenca, 10 hours).

Turismo Dias offers a daily direct connection with Cajamarca for 45 Soles semi-cama (Apr '15) ~8 hours)

Transportes Linea and Oltursa have frequent buses to Chiclayo, and to . 

ITTSA has luxury buses to:
Trujillo 6 hours (Semi-cama/Sofa-Cama),
Chiclayo 2.5 hours,
Lima 15 hours.

Bus lines that run to the north include El Dorado, EPPO, and El Sol. There are frequent combis north to .

Check AndesTransit for current information on Piura bus services to national and international destinations.

Get around

If you enjoy beaches, you have to visit Mancora, Colán, Yacila, Punta Sal, Organos and Nunura (for surfers). Also for surfers you will find Lobitos beach a pretty attractive option.

See

In the city of Piura there is wonderful colonial architecture, gorgeous plazas and parks, a large market, and several museums like the Museo Municipal Vicús and Casa Museo Gran Almirante Grau (Jirón Tacna 662).

Do

Buy
*Has cinemas, a food court, shops, a department store and ATMs.

Eat

The city of Piura is among the best places to eat in Perú. Try ceviche; fish and other types of seafood are always fresh. Another options are leche de tigre (tiger´s milk, obviously is not made of a tiger), seco de chabelo, jalea, etc. Food is not particularly spicy in the Mexican sense, though there is a good deal of hot onion and citrus juice in ceviche. In Piura city you can visit El Caracol azul restaurant, La Santitos, Cafe Capuchino or Manos Morenas restaurant. Other good options are: La tomasita and La isla. Carbon Burger, of which there are multiple destinations, offers highly affordable and well-reviewed hamburgers in a fast-food setting. 

For those seeking to splurge a little, Tao, an Asian Fusion restaurant near Real Plaza, offers sushi, Thai, and other great options. It also offers a plethora of vegetarian options.

If you want to eat traditional food, you can visit Catacaos city or Sullana city (have a care in Sullana); both have great restaurants, particularly those of Don Carlos in Sullana. In the mountains around Ayabaca it is possible to find restaurants where they serve cuy (Guinea Pig), as well as food with more chili (aji).

*This vegetarian bakery and restaurant bakes great breads, and offers healthy breakfast & meals. Granola, yogurt, fresh fruit juices, and friendly help.

*Fantastic ceviche and other local specialties abound at this old favorite.
*Good vegetarian food for between 8-15. Wide ranging menu, includes fruit yogurts, soups, etc.
*good atmosphere, seafood, desserts and friendly service
Pizzeria Trattoria La Nonna Pizzas, starters, pasta, desserts in a very nice place with very good atmosphere and Italian music, in the center of the old town.

Drink

Sleep

Near to the cinema/plaza del sol shopping centre there are plenty of budget options for S/15-30 (eg. Hostal California)

* S/30 Single Room or S/45 Double Room with TV, fan, Wi-fi. Table Tennis, Table Football, kitchen facilities and outdoor courtyard. Very pleasant family run hostel set in a nicely decorated colonial house with period features as well as lovely outdoor area with large bird cage. Near to the centre. Beds were slightly squeeky but comfortable enough.

* This hotel has 3 levels and located in Grau Avenue (one of the main ones in the city). It takes 5 minutes to get to the main plaza by car.
Services include ensuite, air conditioning, TV cable, in-room telephone, internet, breakfast/lunch and a cafeteria in the ground floor. There is a shopping mall 5 minute walk from the hotel. They are normally happy to advise you on tours and transport options to and from the airport and around Piura.

* S/55 single room with fan + heavy charge on cards. Mini breakfast included in price but rooms are basic and the building rather deteriorated. Close to Plaza de Armas. WiFi included but reception is dodgy in some rooms on upper floors.

* S/52 a night for single room with fan, more for AC, free 1 Mbps WiFi+computers, no charge on cards, nice and clean rooms. Located in Ovalo Bolognesi, close to most bus offices, and in what some would call a medium safe area but still just 5 minutes walk from Plaza de Armas. Has restaurant with fast food and room service.

Other hotels and hostels exist, including ritzier places where you can pay American prices if you want. For example:

The Rio Verde is quite nice, located in a residential neighborhood, at about US$85 per night.

Costa del Sol has a location in town at about US$65 per night.
*A decent budget option, ask for a room facing the interior shafts, street traffic is hectic in the area.
*Has reasonable rooms (old but clean) with private bathroom, TV and wifi. Good hot showers. For 10 Soles per person you can use a nearby swimming pool. Also offers breakfast for 7-15 Soles.

Stay safe

Be careful when changing money with the street changers. They are known to rip off tourists, for example by tampering with their calculators to display a wrong amount, or by exchanging one of your bills with a fake one and giving it back to you, claiming it is broken. Better use official money exchange (though it can be difficult to find one open on Sundays) or even banks. Or, if you are on your way south through Peru, wait for Arequipa, which has plenty of money exchanges with great rates.

Get out

The city of hosts the oldest church in South America, but has no priest and therefore is only used on Sundays for mass. The beach by this quiet town is much more relaxed than in Mancora. There are bungalows maintained by a retired Belgian man who also runs a restaurant for his guests. Rooms are very cheap at S/20 per night, but food is about the same price. To access Colán, one must get off at where the main highway intersects the road into the city and catch a moto or colectivo into town.

In is the famous statue of Sr. Cautivo, one of the most powerful saints in Peru. Every October thousands of pilgrims walk from as far as Lima and Ecuador to adore this miraculously created image of Jesus, which allegedly was carved by artisans who disappeared from a sealed room after completing the figure, accepting no payment. Ayabaca is also close to Bosque de Cuyas, one of the most accessible remnants of cloud forest on the western slopes of the Andes. To see the forest, which hosts over 140 species of birds in a mere 600 hectares, it is best to employ a guide for S/12 per day from the village of Yacupampa, about 5 minutes from Ayabaca in mototaxi. Lodging can be had in several hotels (S/15 - S/30 per night) around the main plaza in Ayabaca.

International busses to from the CIFA Bus terminal leave at 10 am., 6 pm., 8:30 pm. and 10:30 pm. and cost between 20-25 USD.