Port Harcourt is a gulf city in the state of Rivers in and is quickly becoming the capital for the blooming oil industry in the country. Most speak English, they speak Ijaw, Ikwerre and Ogoni language.

Understand
Port Harcourt is second largest southern city of Nigeria. The city is enriched with raw oil which attracts thousands of potential businesses to invest and trade locally. Port Harcourt is one of the most beautiful West African cities, blessed with deep sea ports and natural sandy beaches. It was named as Port Harcourt by Sir Lewis Viscount Harcourt back in 1913.

Get in

By plane
* Port Harcourt International Airport, PHC. There are now direct flights from Europe operated by Air France and Lufthansa. It is also less than an hour in the air if you fly in via Lagos or Abuja. Port Harcourt International Airport serves thousands of expats who travel to Port Harcourt and surrounding cities. Popular airlines are Lufthansa, KLM, Arik Air, and Medview. These Nigerian Airlines offer very generous baggage allowance of up to 72 kg in economy class. They operate direct flights from London to Lagos and the connecting flight to Port Harcourt. Other airlines are Airfrance, Virgin Atlantic, and British Airways.

By train
* From .

By car

By bus

By boat
* From by ferry.

Get around

See

Borikiri Market.
Port Harcourt Zoo.
Izumini River - An hours drive outside of the city

Do

Learn
There are many private and public schools in Port Harcourt. In the villages of the Ogoni people, there are private and community schools.

Work

Buy

Fabrics. Traditional carvings and paintings. Hand tooled leather boxes and trunks of all shapes and sizes.

Eat
Rice, egusi soup with garri or fufu, pounded yam, papper soup, ogbono soup.

Budget
Suya - A kind of spicy meat kebab. Available at the side of any road cooked over charcoal. Wash it down with a Coke, called locally a mineral, or a bottle of the local Guiness or Maltina.

Mid-range

Splurge

Drink
There is great night life here.

Try Cheers Bar in GRA every Sunday! Place is absolutely packed with guys and girls being treated to awesome music by Nick and Smart. Food is great, service is friendly and the beers are cold!

Also on weekends Wine Bar, Bunga Villa (as the locals call it) and Aristo House are great!

If you get the chance try out Tuscany, the smoking area is great and although the dance floor is small the vibe is electric! 

Sometimes locals may laugh at the way foreigners dance, this is by no means laughing to mock and cause offence, but rather joy in the difference that you bring to the situation, so don't be offended just smile back, chances are after a few drinks you will be dancing with the very people who were laughing.

Sleep

Budget

Mid-range
Mina Hotels is a relatively nice and clean place - the rooms are quite large and do not have that "wet" and old smell other hotels in this price range usually have. Prices start at around 40-50 USD/night (2005 winter).

* A locally ownd hotel, centrally located and has recently undergone renovations.

Splurge
Le Méridien and Novotel are the two hotels in town which offer high-quality accommodation.

* 

* 

*Offering an outdoor pool, amazingly furnished rooms, restaurant, bar and fitness centre.

Stay safe

Contact
You will hardly be able to find your way in Nigeria - especially in Port Harcourt - unless you have been provided earlier direction.

Stay safe

Port Harcourt is the centre of oil business in Nigeria. Some people have a strong feeling that the oil is "stolen" from them by local government in cooperation with foreign companies. There are frequent riots, worker strikes and regular reports of kidnapping.

Some bars and clubs, nevertheless, seem relatively safe even during the night.

Cope

Get out