Qiqihar is a city in Province.

Understand
Qiqihar was founded as a walled city in 1691, and for a period the military government of Heilongjiang was based here. For many years, only Manchus were allowed to live in the city, but gradually it transformed to be dominated by Hans. The establishment of the Chinese Eastern Railway in 1903 and later other lines made the city a transportation hub. From 1931 to 1945 it was an important military base for the Japanese occupation, which helped the city grow in size and importance.

The population of the city is 1.5 million and of the prefecture 6.1 million. The city consists of Longsha District (龙沙区), Tiefeng District (铁锋区), and Jianhua District (建华区), whereas the prefecture further includes 4 districts, 8 counties, and 1 city.

Get in

By plane
Flights are available from , and (Pudong).

By train

* Bei'an - takes about 3-4 hours 
* Beijing - takes about 16 hours 
* Hailar - takes about 10 hours
* Harbin - takes about 1 1/2 hours

By bus

Get around

By bus
Qiqihar has a bus network 

By taxi

See
* 
* 
* 
* The reserve is home to lots of birds including cranes. Best visited in April-June, but July-September is possible. See main article for more information.

Do

*Look at cranes

There is a national park located in the suburbs of Qiqihar. It is a beautiful grassland with marshes here and there. Qiqihar is famous for its cranes. At a specific time each morning, the park authorities let cranes out of their cages to fly and roam around the park. It's a beautiful sight, make sure you get there early enough to be there when they open the gates.

*Listen to bird songs in the morning

At the coordinates: 47.308044,123.949783 in the morning around sunrise, a group of gentlemen get together and hang bird cages from trees. The birds sing back and forth to each other, it's truly a beautiful experience. There's a roundabout with a park of sorts in the center of it. There's a large statue in the middle - the guys meet around the statue and hang the cages from the trees inside this roundabout.

Buy

Eat
*Qiqihar Barbecue. A local delicacy, the best shop is called Color Life B-B-Q in downtown Qiqihar.

Drink
Harbin beer and peach juice!! Both are very tasty and refreshing!

Sleep
* 

Get out