Raipur is the capital of .

Get in

By plane

Raipur Airport (IATA: RPR, ICAO: VARP). Situated in Mana, 20km south of Raipur City 
Latitude:21.18
Longitude:81.73

Raipur Airport is served following operators:

* Air India () 
* Indigo (, , , , , , , , , , ) 
* Vistara (, )

To travel between the airport and the city, it is better to book a taxi in advance. The charges of travels counters in the airport are quite high. The taxi wallahs outside the airport also seem to be linked to the counter inside the airport and charge the same rates.

By train
By train, Raipur is accessible from major cities like Mumbai, Kolkata, New Delhi, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Nagpur, Bhubneshwar, Bhopal, Pune, Jamshedpur, Ambikapur.

By car

Jagdalpur is 300 km from Raipur with a very good road connection that takes takes five hours.

* Raipur Car Rental services on taxiGUIDE.in - a Chauffeur Driven service.

By bus
Raipur is well conected by bus services with Nagpur, Amravati, mandla, Jagdalpur, Ambikapur, Sambalpur.

Get around
The BRTS bus service connects the city from Airport, Naya Raipur, Railway Station and the neighbouring cities of Bhilai and Durg. With a very nominal charge and clean buses, BRTS is a good option to get into the city and travel. There are other city buses which connects the important spots. Autos, E-Rickshaws and app based cabs are available which are decently priced. Shared autos ply so one can look for them to save few more bucks.

 See 
Urja Park at Mana road, Nandanvan Zoo (cum garden) at Bhilai Road and Banjari Mata Mandir at Bilaspur Road

 Do 
Go to the chattisgarh mall.

As the raipur is hub for cloth u can purchase best garments in very cheap price at pandri market.dealer of whole chattisgarh are found in one place at pandri marke near new bus stand.

Eat

Cheaper Options:

1) Chowpaty in front of Salem English School.
2) Have some desi ghee tikki at Phool chowk
3) Wada and imarti at Sadar Bazaar.
4) madrasi & mezbaan restaurant at malviya road & baijnath para resp. are special for non veg.
5) Excellent Thali at Mahaveer Thali Jail Road

Drink
Ten Downing Street (TDS), Megneto Mall

Sleep

Budget

Mid-range
*Hotel Chimambara International VIP Crossing, PO Ravigram, Raipur 4920001. Tel (0771) 2444401-09; Fax (0771) 2444410; Email hotelchidambara@yahoo.co.in. A basic business hotel, AC, close to the airport. Rs. 1500-Rs. 2500.

*Hotel Royale Ambience Shri Guru Gobind Singh Chowk, Fafadih, Station Rd, +91 771 4016001-03. A deluxe business hotel, AC, close to the railway station.

Splurge
* Hotel Babylon International
* Hotel Celebration
*Hotel Mayura, Hotel Mahindra, Hotel Babylon and Hotel Picadely are 3-4 star hotels having good facilities.

Get out
*