Reno, the "Biggest Little City in the World" is located in the beautiful north-west region of the State of , right at the base of the Sierra Nevada mountain range' and about an hour from Lake Tahoe' a destination with something to offer for everyone. Reno is the second largest tourist destination in . Activities available in Reno include gaming, family entertainment, outdoor activities, festivals, museums, fantastic cuisine, shows for everyone, art and culture. . This is it, the gateway to the old west. Reno is where the historic Johnson-Jeffries fight happened, where Marylin Monroe and Clark Gable made "the Misfits" in 1961, and where the railroad tumbles down out of the mountains from California to cross the Truckee River and begin the long journey east. It's difficult to walk the streets of Reno without seeing the history in this dynamic city. 

Understand

Most Renoites consider the start of it all to be 1859, when Charles Fuller built a log bridge across the Truckee River and started charging to cross over it on the way to the Gold Rush in California or coming back to Nevada for the "Washoe Rush" in . Fuller set up shelter for weary travelers to rest. He served meals at a price, and created an opportunity for prospectors to exchange stories and information.

The town site of Reno, named after Civil War General Jesse Reno, was established on May 13, 1868.

Since its beginning, Reno has spread across much of the Truckee Meadows. Reno and Sparks (a smaller adjacent city) now spread across this small valley separating the Sierra Nevada mountains to the West and Nevada's expansive desert areas to the East. 

The profiteering characteristic of the founders may have occasionally plagued the course of Reno's subsequent generations. Some Renoites claim Nevadans are simply of a freer nature. Others think the city has repeated the steps of the goldrush era founders. Certainly, the choices made today are what will determine the true nature of the community. Regardless, Reno enjoys a pretty decent quality of life with 4 seasons, winter and summer fun, a major university, and plenty of other entertainment.

}}

Reno is at the western edge of the , a zone stretching to that does not drain to the sea - water is carried away by evaporation only. Precipitation is little, with a yearly average of approximately 7 inches a year, with much of that occurring in the winter in the form of snow. July is the warmest month, with an average daytime high of 91°F; and January is the coldest month, with an average nighttime low of 19°F.

Reno is in northwestern Nevada, at the base of the Sierra Nevada mountains, and serves as the urban center for a region including nearby Carson City and the Carson Valley, Lake Tahoe, Pyramid Lake, and historic mining town Virginia City, home of the Comstock Lode. Along with the city of Sparks, Reno is located in the Truckee Meadows, and together they form the Reno-Sparks Metropolitan Area.

Competition in the last years of the 20th century slowed down the gambling business in Reno considerably. Given that its downtown centered around these activities for a good 50 years, the downtown area suffered. Today, downtown is improving with projects like a baseball and entertainment district and several condo projects. Growth in the area has continued due to its livability. Reno is working hard to build a different kind of city for a greater variety of tastes, and keeping that in mind will help the visitor see the town through the right kind of eyes.

Get in

By car

From Northern California
As both Reno and the Sierra Nevada are popular weekend destinations for Northern Californians, traffic can be bad coming to Reno on Friday evening, and leaving Reno on Sunday evening, especially in the ski season.

The most direct route to Reno from Sacramento is via Interstate 80 over Donner Summit (7239 feet or 2206m). This route sees a great deal of snowfall during the winter, and will shut down for periods of up to a day several times during a typical winter. Northern California residents also use US-395 in Susanville, this highway stays at a lower elevation and has less problems of traffic and weather. Residents living in the Redding and Chico areas of California find this route safer and quicker. If you plan on crossing this or any other pass in the Sierra Nevada in the winter, keep an eye on the weather forecast, and always carry tire chains if you do not have four-wheel drive.

An alternative route is US-50 over Echo Summit (7330 feet). This route follows the American River up from the Sacramento valley, and then drops into the Lake Tahoe Basin. From there you can continue on US-50 into , and from there head north to Reno on US 395, or continue around the lake to Incline Village and drop into Reno on the Mount Rose Highway. This route is two lanes only for much of the way, and traffic can be heavy both in the winter and the summer, and winter maintenance is not as good as on Interstate 80.

Passes across the Sierra south of US-50, aside from CA 88, are not maintained in the winter (from approximately November until May.) And when they are open they are out of the way and potentially dangerous.

From Southern California
The most direct route to Reno is via US-395. This route takes you up the Owens Valley to , past , into and thence to Reno. The portion between Bishop and Carson City crosses three passes as high as 8,143 ft (2,482 m) that may have moderately heavy snowfall during winter storms. In that event it would be better to take US-6 from Bishop over Montgomery Pass to US-95 (north) which stays in much lower valleys with less snow. At Schurz beyond Walker Lake take 95(Alt) north to Fernley, then I-80 west to Reno.

From 
Don't be fooled by the fact that Reno and Las Vegas are in the same state - there's about an 8 hour drive separating them. Incidentally, Nevada is one of only two of the contiguous 48 states that does not have an interstate connecting its two largest metro areas. From Las Vegas, take the road US-95 north to Fallon, then US-50 west to Fernley, and then I-80 West to Reno. If you love the desert, you'll have a blast. If you're not a fan of desert landscapes, boredom is a serious risk on this trip. Winter weather will generally not be a large problem on this trip, but don't count on being able to find food or fuel easily outside the towns of Beatty, Tonopah, Hawthorne, Fallon, and Fernley. So make sure the gas tank has fuel between long stretches!

During the summer, the heat along US-95 can be hard on you and on your vehicle in the daytime. A much more comfortable alternative to having your car suffer is to drive during the night. Many of the dark stretches between the small towns along US-95 reveal numerous shooting stars and other astral phenomena that you might miss during the baking sun. Keep in mind that you need to reserve caution when driving at night due to the visibility limitations from the hills and the mountains. Be sure to have a lot of rest before undertaking this trip at nighttime and keep speeds reasonable.

From the East
The most travelled route to Reno from the east is Interstate 80. I-80 follows the old Emigrant trail along the Humboldt river for most of the way across Nevada, and thus the grades are generally easy. However, it does this at the expense of swinging well north of the direct route to Reno. US-50 ("The Loneliest Highway in America") is more direct, but it crosses several large mountain ranges and thus has some tight curves, steep grades and a few switchbacks. Don't count on finding food or fuel along US 50 outside of the major towns (Ely, Eureka, Austin, Fallon and Fernley).

By train
The which runs between and , stops once a day in both directions in Reno. The station is full service, including an indoor waiting room and checked bag service. The station is in the middle of downtown Reno, and is within walking distance of all the downtown casinos.

Amtrak California also operates a shuttle buses between Reno and which connects to the Capitol Corridor, serving Northern California, and the San Joaquins, serving the Central Valley and points south, rail routes.

By bus
Greyhound Lines maintains a depot in Reno and buses go daily to and from Northern California. However, service to Chicago and points east was recently discontinued.

There are buses between Reno and that are operated by NDOT and the Washoe County Regional Transportation Commission 

 Flixbus There is a daily route via Downtown (5th Street, by the bus station), , and (SFO). Check the website for details. Prices are in the $10-$30 range.

Megabus recently discontinued service to and and no longer serves Reno.

By plane
The Reno-Tahoe International Airport () is served by most major domestic airlines, including Alaska, American, Delta, Southwest, United, and US Airways. For the lowest fares, try to avoid flying into Reno on Friday, and out of Reno on Sunday. Frontier has ceased operation in Reno. Southwest Airlines features non-stop service to Chicago(Midway), Denver, Phoenix, Las Vegas, San Diego and Los Angeles. Alaska offers non-stop service to Seattle, Portland and San Jose.

The airport offers free wireless for anyone wanting to surf the internet or do some work, and a vast number of slot machines for those with other interests.

Get around

By car
Reno is served by two freeways: I-80 running east-west, and US 395, running north-south. Circling the valley of the Truckee Meadows is the McCarran Blvd ring road. The primary business artery is Virginia Street, which runs north-south through downtown Reno. Major east-west routes include Moana Lane, Plumb Lane, Mill Street, Second Street, Fourth Street, and Sixth Street. Major routes running north-south in Reno include Keystone Avenue, Lakeside Drive, Wells Avenue, and Kietzke Lane.

Car Rental
Nearly all national car rental agencies serve the Reno-Tahoe International Airport. A list is available at RNO's website 

Note that several agencies do not have fleets within the airport property. Most notably, Enterprise's fleet is located 1 mile away from the terminal. However, the terminal includes an Enterprise service counter, they offer free shuttle service during business hours, and taxi vouchers and a pickup hotline for drop-offs after hours.

By bus
Reno's transit system, called RTC RIDE is operated by the Regional Transportation Commission of Washoe County The busiest route, the #1 bus, was recently replaced with two new services, RTC RAPID, a priority express bus making limited stops, and RTC CONNECT, the local. RAPID runs 15 minutes or better headways most of the day through Downtown Reno (a good place to start is the RTC 4th Street Station at 4th and Lake which opened Oct 31st 2010) and down South Virginia Street (the major north-south street) to Meadowood Mall RTC RAPID should serve any tourist well for most shopping, dining, and gambling needs. 

Other routes to know about are the #11, which runs between downtown Reno and downtown Sparks, and the free, yellow Sierra Spirit circulator bus (7AM – 7PM), which connects various downtown destinations along the Virginia Street corridor down to the Truckee River to the south and the University of Nevada, Reno, to the north. In downtown Reno, all buses stop at or near the RTC 4th Street Station at 4th and Lake St, where you can also find The Bus Book. 

Fares may be paid on the bus by cash (exact change) or by pass. All RTC RIDE passes are available from the Pass Vending Machines (as of March 28th 2011 all day passes are $4 at the Station, if you buy them on the bus they are $5. One trip fare is $2, but asking for a transfer allows travel on any bus in any direction for 1 1/2 hrs from the time of purchase. All major casinos have a bus stop for easy access.) , available at RTC 4th Street Station and Meadowood Mall, and may be purchased with cash, coin, debit or credit cards (cash only if purchased on the bus).

By taxi
Reno’s taxis are plentiful, efficient, and comfortable. At the airport, downtown or near any major casino they should be very easy to come by, in other places expect to call to arrange pick-up. Don’t drink and drive.

* 
* Radio dispatched to insure prompt service.
* 

See
Reno is an interesting city, with plenty to see and do day and night; many attractions which should be considered “must-see” are located 30 - 60 minutes outside of town by car. Therefore, renting a car is a good idea when visiting Reno.

In-City
* Nevada Museum of Art. The current Nevada Museum of Art building was designed by Will Bruder and opened in 2003. It plays host to national and international touring exhibits in addition to smaller exhibits of regional significance. Located in the financial district on Liberty Street, south downtown. It is a beautiful building, architecturally.

* Wingfield Park. Located along the Truckee River just a few blocks from the casino core, Wingfield Park features an amphitheatre with regular performances during the summer months, a kayak park open year round, and many pleasant spots to sit and watch the world go by any day of the week, at pretty much any time of the day. Home of annual events the Reno River Festival, held in May, and the Artown Festival, July 1 – 31.

* Reno Central Library. Reno’s library was designed by an architect who wanted to set it in a park. There was not enough land available for both a park and a library, so he brought the park inside the building. This library is an excellent example of inspired architecture from the 60s that actually stands the test of time and is worth a visit just to see the innovative treatment of the periodicals section in the basement.

* California Avenue. This area of small shops and restaurants is located a short walk from the downtown casino core and provides a pleasant setting for a meal.

* University of Nevada, Reno An ideal location for a pleasant stroll, the layout of the University campus was inspired by Jefferson’s University of Virginia. Visitors will find a parklike setting with a variety of architectural styles, and the Fleischmann Planetarium. Guided walking tours are available by reservation at 775-784-4700. 

* Rancho San Rafael Park. A few blocks west of the north end of the University, this 570-acre county park is home to the Arboretum, as well as the Wilbur D. May Museum and the Great Basin Adventure children’s attraction (seasonal). This is the home of the Reno Balloon Races, held in late summer/early fall annually.

* South Wells Avenue. A local neighborhood with a decidedly Latino flavor, this neighborhood features unique shopping and dining and generally winds down in early evening hours. Served hourly by the #19 bus from downtown. 

* Victorian Square. This is the center of downtown Sparks and features casinos, restaurants, a movie theater, and several redevelopment projects currently under construction. Home to the “Best in the West” Rib Cookoff every summer.

* Idlewild Park. A nice stroll from downtown along Riverside Drive, Idlewild Park features Reno’s Municipal Rose Garden, as well as a seasonal kiddie park, a driving range (the exercise kind, not the golf kind), a skate park, and various walking trails. Located on the south bank of the Truckee River.

Casinos
No entry on Reno would be complete without an overview of the various casinos in the city. In addition to gambling, these properties provide a variety of dining and entertainment opportunities and should not be overlooked.

* Silver Legacy. This is the newest hotel/casino to be constructed in Reno, and was completed in 1995. It includes a cheesy “mint press” “churning out” souvenir coins as well as numerous dining options including several lounges, an oyster bar, a steakhouse, coffeeshop, rum bar with dueling pianos, and more. Owned through a joint venture by Gary Carano of the Eldorado and Circus Circus corp. Buffet is about a 6/10 scale for quality. 4/10 scale for price ($20 pp).

* Eldorado. Connected to Silver Legacy via skywalks, the Eldorado is a pink neon masterpiece featuring a variety of dining options including the world cuisine Tivoli Gardens café, The Brew Brothers brewpub (with live music on Friday and Saturday nights), a steakhouse, seafood restaurant, La Strada Italian Restaurant, and more. Buffet is one of the better values in Reno, 8/10 scale for quality and hotness, 8/10 scale for price ($13 pp).

* Circus Circus. Also connected to Silver Legacy is the Circus Circus. While this casino does not come highly recommended for its dining options, its Circus acts and midway arcade are great attractions for families so if you’re traveling with children, they should not be missed.

* Reno Nugget. Not to be confused with John Ascuaga’s Nugget in Sparks, the Reno Nugget is a tiny casino on Virginia Street and features a great bar with strong drinks as well as a classic “greasy spoon” diner serving up the famous “Awful Awful” burger, which is a rather large burger served with a monstrous basket of seasoned fries.

* Harrah’s Reno. Reno is the birthplace of Harrah’s and closed 03/17/2020.

* Club Cal*Neva. The last downtown casino to be covered here, this property features affordable gambling of all types and a variety of cheap dining options. This is the classic “Reno-style” casino and should not be missed, especially for those who like to gamble.

* Atlantis. This tropical themed casino resort features a variety of dining options including a pizza café with a real Italian pizza oven, a good buffet, and steakhouse. Located across the street from the convention center, south of downtown. Well served by the #1 bus. Buffet is one of the best in Reno in price vs quality. ($ 13)

* Peppermill. If you’ve been to Vegas and seen the Peppermill on The Strip, you might just have to do a double-take when viewing Reno’s Peppermill. This is a large, well-appointed hotel/casino, with all the dining and entertainment options you would expect. South of downtown, well served by the #1 bus.

* Grand Sierra Resort. This is Reno’s largest hotel/casino, located just up Terminal Way from the airport. It features a set of high-end luxury condos (starting at $245k and up to $1.1M) which can be rented separately from the hotel through Reno Luxury Resort or Indy's Hotel Condos at Grand Sierra Resort. The Hotel features a pool and nightclub that was operated by Nikki Beach, and many decently appointed standard guest rooms. You will find a whole host of dining options including a Charlie Palmer Steak, Dolce Enoteca e Ristorante, and a shoppiing mall, movie theater, seasonal swimming pool, video arcade, bowling alley and more. Well served by the #14 bus, though driving or taking a cab is recommended.

* John Ascuaga’s Nugget. This is a big hotel-casino/resort located in Sparks’ Victorian Square only minutes from the Reno-Tahoe International Airport. It features a great coffee shop, Rosie's Café, as well as the upscale Basque-themed Restaurante Orozko, Trader Dick's Polynesian restaurant, The Steakhouse Grill, John's Oyster Bar, the newly remodeled Rotisserie Buffet, Gabe's Pub & Deli, and Starbucks Coffee. Also regular live, weekly music performances from local and national touring acts. Buffet is good at 7/10 but price is average at $13.

Events
Tourism is the main focus of Reno, and a number of yearly tourism events are held in the Reno-Sparks area, mostly during the summer months.

Yearly events
* Held every September just north of Reno, the National Championship Air Races have become an 
institution for northern Nevada and aviation enthusiasts from around the world. Each year, the event draws 200,000 visitors to the Reno-Stead Airport, attracting more than 86,000 unique fans. The event features six racing classes, a large display of static aircraft and several military and civil flight demonstrations.Note: The Reno-Stead Airport is a small regional airport located about 10 miles north of Reno. This airport has nothing to do with the Reno-Tahoe International Airport, the main commercial airport for the Reno-Tahoe area.
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
Highlights:

Artown Opening NightPerla BatallaWingfield ParkJune 30
Pink Martini with March Fourth Marching BandRobert Z. Hawkins AmpitheaterJuly 4
Pops on the RiverWingfield ParkJuly 16
Doc Severinsen and the San Miguel FiveRobert Z. Hawkins AmpitheaterJuly 17
Open Door: India.Arie and Idan Raichel Robert Z. Hawkins AmphitheaterJuly 19
Coeur D’Alene Art AuctionSilver Legacy Resort Casino Grand Exposition HallJuly 22 – 23
Stephen Petronio’s UNDERLANDGrand Sierra ResortJuly 30
Artown Closing Night: Playing For ChangeWingfield ParkJuly 31
World Music SeriesWednesdaysWingfield Park
Discover The ArtsWeekdays throughout July

* The Nevada State Fair returns to Reno - August, 2014
Information at www.NevadaStateFair.org
* 
* 

Do

Gamble
Casinos are Reno's most common visitor attraction. 

Mountain Biking
The open desert terrain that surrounds much of Reno, especially to the Northwest, offers some fantastic mountain biking. Peavine mountain has many networks of trails that are a biker's paradise, most of it singletrack, and most of it technical. Many cyclists start near Rancho San Rafael Park to access the Peavine trails. Be careful, however, as there are often gun-happy residents shooting away, not always sober, farther out in the government lands; also be sure to bring plenty of water, as the desert heat can be quite oppressive. Find more information in books such as Mountain Biking Reno & Carson City: Best Trails by R. W. Miskimins. Nearby areas, like offer even more for the mountain biker, such as Tahoe's famous Flume Trail.

Road Biking
There exists a rather good bike trail along the Truckee River which extends from the eastern fringes of Sparks to the western limits of Reno and beyond. The section inside city limits is fun and easy for bikers of any skill level, but is actually only a section of the Tahoe-Pyramid Bikeway which--when completed--will run from Lake Tahoe all the way to Pyramid Lake: 116 miles in total.

Burning Man
Reno is the closest major city to and the corresponding Burning Man festival. Many burners pass through Reno on the way to Black Rock City, and many Reno businesses cater to burners by stocking extra water and camping supplies during the Burning Man week. Some hotels offer Burning Man discounts for travellers staying overnight in Reno.

Ski
Reno is within two hours of an incredible number of ski resorts. Here is a short list.

* Mt Rose Mount Rose Highway. This resort is at elevation 8200 feet and has a great layout and an impressive array of terrain for its no more than 1500 feet of rise off the base. Good powder here.

* Heavenly The Mountains above the Carson Valley, up Highway 207. Lake Views on one side (you’re literally skiing above the casinos at the south end of the lake) and the desert valleys and pow pow on the other side. Huge amount of terrain and claims to have the West's largest snowmaking system for those dry years. 

* Sugar Bowl I-80 to just above Donner Lake. Two base areas with a little village in between and an extensive network of terrain.

* Diamond Peak Incline Village, North Lake Tahoe. Ski right above Lake Tahoe on a well laid-out network of runs. They have carpetloader lifts, so be prepared for a strange boarding experience. Small resort, family-friendly.

* Squaw Valley I-80 West to Truckee, then Highway 89 South. This legendary resort is home of the legendary KT22 and hosted the 1960 Winter Olympics.

Kayak
Reno offers a kayak park at Wingfield Park. Equipment rentals and outdoor adventures can be booked nearby.

Buy
Exploring the Truckee River Arts District will give you firsthand experience of Downtown Reno's recent urban renaissance. There are two main shopping and dining hubs in the district:
* The "Riverwalk" area. The North end of Reno's Riverwalk District meanders along Reno 's beautiful Truckee River . Most of the retail activity on this end is situated along First Street between Lake St. (east) and Arlington St. (west). This end of the district has galleries, coffee shops, great dining including a brewery and a French restaurant and even a movie theater. Reno 's renowned Truckee River Whitewater Park runs directly through this area offering visitors even more adventurous outdoor activities - situated directly in the urban setting of downtown Reno . Kayak and raft rentals from Tahoe Whitewater Tours (800.442.7238) are conveniently available at Wingfield Park, located at the 1st and Arlington Street area. 
* The "CalAve" area. CalAve is the section of the Truckee River Arts District that runs along California Avenue. This area forms the southernmost border of the district and is quickly becoming Reno 's pre-eminent neighborhood retail, restaurant, entertainment and business district. CALAVE is a must-see with highlights such as The Chocolate Bar - a trendy place to sip both alcoholic and nonalcoholic chocolate drinks while sampling addictive confections like their Chili-Infused Truffles. Enjoy a slice of Blue Moon's famous gourmet pizza or enjoy wine, cheeses and other lunch specialties at the Cheese Board. The retail options on CalAve will satisfy the serious shopper offering a variety of upscale clothing, shoe and home decor shops.

Eat
One thing Renoites know is food! Check out some of these great spots:

* 

* 

* Home of the Awful Awful, one of the best burgers in the state.

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* Comes up high on a google search for "Best breakfast in Reno", and is really fantastic.

*

*Parking in rear

*
*Possibly the best Mexican food in Reno

Drink
* Zephyr Lounge, 1074 South Virginia St, +1 775 324-9853.
* Flowing Tide Pub
** 10580 North McCarran Blvd, +1 775 747-7707 (High Tide)
** 465 South Meadows Parkway, +1 775 284-7707 (Low Tide)
* Filthy McNasty's Irish Pub - 1718 Holcomb Ave, Phone +1 775 622-3208. Fun bar. Nice regulars. Strong drinks. 
* Sierra Tap House Truckee Riverwalk
* Se7en West Street Market.
*5 Star Saloon is the longest-running LGBT bar in Nevada since 1971. Dancing at weekends; karaoke and other events mid-week, open daily. 
*25,000 square feet w. 3 full bars, 33 VIP tables, 9 intricate skylights, $2 million lighting system. Adult indoor pool partially covered by a glass dance floor creates the illusion of dancing on water.

Sleep
* 
* 
* Days Inn, 701 East 7th Street, +1 775-786-4070, 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 500m from Reno Airport.

In addition, most major Reno casinos are hotel/casino resorts. See for a link to a list of casino resorts.

Cope
Some have complained that the city police officers are "way over the top", on a type of power-trip in Reno. Thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, if you were to check the 'City of Reno's' records over time are people from another state being penalized with fraud ticketing practice by: "The Reno Police Dept." Follow the law, don't speed, be smart about alcohol consumption and you will be fine.

Consulates

* 

Get out

Regionally, Reno features a variety of attractions which are hard to beat. These attractions are best experienced during the spring, summer, and early fall, as wintertime in the area most of them closed. Reno gets cold in the winter, so if you’re visiting in the winter, look to ski resorts to entertain you during the day.

* There are several world-class ski areas within a one-hour drive of Reno, including Squaw Valley (home of the 1960 Winter Olympics), Heavenly and Alpine Meadows. 
* The eastern entrance to is 150 miles south (on US395 to California 120; allow three hours+), and is generally much less crowded than the western entrances. Excellent dayhiking and backpacking are found around Tuolomne Meadows and Dana Pass before descending into more crowded Yosemite Valley. 

* Washoe Valley: Bowers Mansion & Davis Creek Park. Washoe Valley is a picturesque valley located about 20 minutes south of Reno by car (I-580) and features two great regional parks not to be missed: Davis Creek and Bowers Mansion. Davis Creek is nestled among a pine forest and includes a great pond for winter ice skating (conditions permitting) as well as fantastic access to the Sierra Nevada mountains (the park is located on the eastern slope). It features campsites, showers and trailheads. Bowers Mansion is a large, popular picnic park with a swimming pool open June through August, as well as the eponymous mansion. Paid tours of this grand historic home are available on weekends only from 10am to 3pm, May through September, and are well worth it – telling the tale of the boom and bust fortunes of Nevada's first mining millionaires. Washoe Valley is also home to Washoe Lake State Park. In years when the lake is full, this park features a boat landing and some of the best windsurfing to be found, plus campsites, and some fantastic scenery.

* . The home of the Comstock Lode, this was once the largest city between Denver and San Francisco. It is a historic landmark district and can be accessed from Reno via Geiger Grade (Hwy 341, east from Mt Rose Junction south of town) or Mound House just east of Carson City (also via Hwy 341) If you are not comfortable with mountain driving it may be worth your time to go through Carson City. Worth it to have a drink at one of its storied saloons (the author prefers Bucket of Blood, others abound), to wander its historic C Street, wander through its cemetery, and if you’re a train buff, to ride the V&T tourist train (and learn more about the ongoing efforts to recreate the original route of this historic short-line railroad).

* . From its founding this town was intended to be Nevada’s capital city. The historic Carson City mint is now home to the Nevada State Museum, with exhibits dealing with everything from prehistoric native life to the Old West mining boom to the current day. The State Capitol Complex is an ideal location for a stroll and a look inside the political history and workings of the state, especially in springtimes of odd-numbered years, when the Legislature is in session. A tour of historic homes and the personalities behind them can be taken by following the blue lines on the sidewalks, beginning from downtown. The Brewery Arts Center features theater, live music, and visual arts offerings throughout the week.

* . Shared with California, this alpine lake features crystal clear cold water, and a variety of attractions including the MS Dixie paddlewheel trawler, Vikingsholm Castle, and the South Lake Tahoe/Stateline casino and tourist center. Other notable things to see and do include the picturesque California town of King’s Beach, in addition to beaches and parks at Crystal Bay, Zephyr Cove, and more. 45 minutes from Reno via Hwy 431, the Mount Rose Highway; with a less treacherous drive through Carson City via Highway 50 West taking an hour and a half.

* Pyramid Lake. The second largest terminus lake in North America, this desert lake features a variety of interesting rock formations and is home to endangered but large Lahontan Cutthroat Trout. A high holy site to the native Paiute Indians, it is contained entirely within the Paiute Reservation. Fishing, boating and swimming are available, though caution is advised for the latter two (random windstorms and undercurrents belie the relatively placid appearance the lake usually assumes). Roughly an hour north of town, on Pyramid Highway, SR 428.

* U.S. Route 50 eastward across Nevada, nicknamed the Loneliest Highway crosses semi-desert mountains and valleys and passes through historic mining towns Austin, Eureka and , then at the Utah line, the entrance to .