Rosario is a city in province, Argentina. 

Understand

Argentina's third largest city, Rosario is home to more than a million people. 

As the socialist, liberal hub of the country, you will find an eclectic mix of street performers, activists, artists, and party-goers in this port town.

Get in

By plane
There are daily flights (50 min) from Buenos Aires Aeroparque Airport and Ezeiza Airport, although still the more convenient way to get into the city by is to hire transport at EZE Airport. It is a four hour trip. 
There are also flights from/to . Five airlines serve Rosario-Islas Malvinas International Airport. These are Aerolineas Argentinas, Austral, Gol, Sol and TAM.

By train
As of May 2015, it is still slightly cheaper to get to Rosario by train than by bus. A train from Retiro station in Buenos Aires to Rosario costs AR$175 to AR$225 (US$14-18), while bus tickets cost around AR$250 (US$20). Trains run once daily in each direction. As the train line is undergoing upgrades, check the Trenes Argentinos website. for details. There are two classes: Primera has individual, reclining seats, and Pullman, which is more expensive, also features air conditioning.

As of February 2013 traveling to Rosario by train is easily the cheapest option, as some tickets can be bought for as little as A$21 pesos or as much as A$ 70 pesos, depending on the car and time of departure. Compared with the buses that cost A$200 pesos at a minimum, it's a deal. However, the buses are about twice as fast so one must consider which option is the true value. Despite the rumors, you can buy tickets at the station just prior to departure without a problem. On most days there are two trains to and from Buenos Aires, but keep in mind that the trains take at least seven hours the rail condition is not very good. There will be parts of the track where you will hit bumps so hard that you might be lifted off your seat. The rail cars appear to be from the sixties or earlier and are in poor condition. There is no air conditioning and very little ventilation as only 3 small windows open; if you can get them to open. It often gets very hot and stuffy, and many people choose to start removing clothing. Sometimes peddlers come aboard to sell ice cream or pop-sicles, but otherwise there are no opportunities to buy food or water during the trek. The windows are hard to see out of because of the number of horizontal scratches from brushing against trees and such, and there are lots of cracks from the gauntlet of rock throwing children and teens you will see as you pass through the small towns. 

The ride is interesting if you look at it as an adventure and a unique experience. You are riding an awful train on tracks that are overgrown with weeds and appear to have been abandoned years ago, passing through deserted train stations falling into ruin and viewing dying railway towns with decaying factories etc. It feels like you are doing a rail tour of ghost towns. There are also several shanty towns along the route, as well as some nice suburbs, so one can view the great economic disparity that exists for Argentinians.

By car
Two freeways (autopistas) connect Rosario with Buenos Aires, Santa Fe and to Cordoba (since 2011), although there is a part st locals take the bus, a remisse (a private Taxi service), or hail one of the many taxis roaming the area.

By bus
The most convenient way of travelling in Argentina. There are many buses departing daily from the Rosario bus station to almost every city in the country. 
It is also possible to travel by bus to southern , , , and .
EGA bus lines operates a daily bus direct to Montevideo leaving at 23:50 and arriving in Montevideo 8:30 next morning. The cost is 286 pesos (Aug 2011).

See
*Monumento a la Bandera (Argentina Flag Memorial)
*House where "El Che Guevara" was born (Urquiza St. and Entre Rios St.)
*Parque Independencia (One of the biggest parks in the country)
*Rosario Central Stadium (1978 World Cup)
*Paseo del Siglo (pedestrian section of Cordoba street, from Bv. Oroño to the Flag Memorial)
*Islands (take a boat from Passenger's terminal near Flag Memorial)
*Paseo del Caminante (Near La Florida beach)
*Parque España
*It has a great variety of museums from art to science and natural history
*City Center (is the largest casino in South America)
*Historical journey through the boulevards, appreciating the city's architectural wealth

Do
Rosario is swimming with things to do for both tourists and locals! The city provides an adventurous variety of services, such as kayaking, city tours on bike, skydiving, horseback riding, sailboat rides, Spanish classes, dance classes in both Folklore and Tango, guitar and drum classes, as well as Capoeira.

Visit the beach at the river's edge, locally referred to as La Florida, to enjoy a cold drink on a summer's day, or cross the river to the island and spend a day at the beach. Either way you will find a wide variety of bars and restaurants with a spectacular view of the ! Note that the water is quite muddy, so don't expect good swimming.

Also known for its nightlife, which amazingly starts around 2AM (with luck) and ends as the sun is coming up, Rosario has a large variety of night clubs and discos to dance the night away!

Rosario is also known as the Salsa Capital of Argentina. Wednesdays and Sundays are the most popular days at Willie Dixon's, a local salsa club.

Learn

Rosario is quickly growing as a tourist centre. It is becoming a good option for foreign visitors wanting to learn Spanish, as it is less than 400 km from Buenos Aires and, as the third largest city in the country, has a good range of cultural, social, and leisure activities. The city has over 15 public and private educational institutions offering Spanish lessons, including the local university, the National University of Rosario 

Buy
Many of the goods sold in “el centro” (Rosario's central shopping area) are much like that in any mall. Goods that might interest travelers include leather handbags, wallets, belts, and accessories. A must-see shop in that area is Raices, where travelers can pick up a purse or mate set. 

Also note that, despite the difference in currency exchange, apparel, shoes, handbags and similar items are not that much cheaper than in the United States. If you're looking for a bargain, stick to the street vendors and artisans posted up around El Centro and the park surrounding the Argentine Flag Monument.

Eat

Budget
Try the "Rincon" Vegetarian restaurant (Mitre St. between Córdoba St. and Santa Fe St.). For $AR 11 you get an all you can eat buffet with all sorts of innovative vegetarian goodies. Good if you want a break from steak. CLOSED AS OF JANUARY 2018

One of the best spots in the city is a little vegetarian restaurant called Sana Sana, nestled on Alvear between Guemes and Brown. The head chef, Nacho, is an unbelievable wizard in the kitchen, transforming humble vegetables into heavenly meals. For 35 pesos, Monday through Friday, you can try their lunch special which includes a drink, the meal of the day, and a dessert. You won't be disappointed! CLOSED AS OF JANUARY 2018

Mid-range
* Room 302, offers Thai-Argentine fusion dishes and is one of the trendiest restaurants in town. Great music and ambiance is managed by its well known chef Alejo Uribe. 3 de Febrero 893, phone: (0341)447-5667 (gay-friendly)

* Alexandros Greek Tavern: Located on Corrientes 1673, Alexandros is a great Greek restaurant with a lively atmosphere. On weekends there is usually a dance show starting at 10 featuring a belly dancer; other acts include a trio of very talented Greek dancers who perform an array Greek dances, including tsamiko to zeimbekiko. Have the soublaki platter and smash some plates while you watch some of the best Greek dancing in the world!

Splurge

When dining out at the local hot spots and eateries, make sure to make a reservation. Much like the US and elsewhere in the world, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are busy nights and you may need a reservation. 

Recommended for a great asado, empanadas and wine dinner: "La Estancia" (Av. Pellegrini and España St.).

Drink
If you love wine, you can go just about anywhere (including any grocery on any corner). 

For beer lovers, there is only one place to go in Rosario: Fenicia. This bar is owned and operated by two California boys that make a mean cheeseburger and an even better craft beer. Get there before nine and the drafts are two for one.

Rosario is known for having big nightclub nights all week long. Ask around to find out where the hip place is for the night you want to go out and don't plan to be home until the morning. It is also famous for having a disproportionately large woman/man ratio (more women!)

Sleep

In Rosario, there are two types of Hostels: First, there are the conventional backpacker hostels full of young travelers from all over the world. Second, there are the the more down to earth hostels designed to have a relaxing and more mature environment. Or, you can always choose the variety of hotels in Rosario that have always distinguished the city. 

In the center of the city, you will find:

*Punto Clave Hostel - Ituzaingó 246, , Tel.: "+54" 481-9569. A cheap and travellers friendly hostel, with plenty of nice areas to hang out and breakfast is included. The dorms are clean and have airconditioning. There's also a swimming pool and a roof terrace to enjoy the sun. It's only a few blocks away from the river and the important avenue with plenty options to eat and drink. Around the corner there's also a big supermarket. If you ask the owner, Nacho, you can have a nice 'asado' together with the other travellers in the hostel, a nice way to make new friends!

*Anamundana Hostel " phone="(00 54 341) 424 3077" Montevideo 1248 This is a very comfortable and pleasant hostel with a charming atmosphere and friendly hosts. Anamunda is in the main part of downtown and one block away from its most important avenue (restaurant and bars strip]. A place to have fun and meet people. Hola members receive a 10% discount. 

*Hostel Lourdes- An early 1900's upstairs building, just two blocks away from the city's center. Here, you will find a folkloric appeal and a down to earth personalized touch.

*Cool Raul Hostel 1670 San Lorenzo. A great hostel with a relaxed atmosphere and super friendly hosts right near the main shopping strip. A fun, chill place to meet people and hang out. Minihostels members receive a 10% discount. 

* Offers guests ten apartment units.

* Hostel Allegro Piu, Crespo 978, tel. +54 437-5972 ; 430-0848, Close to terminal. Big, clean, good facilities and boring.

*If you are planning on staying in Rosario for more than a week, you may want to inquire about home-stays. This is a wonderful way to become completely immersed in the Argentine Culture. It is a safe way of staying, as each family is chosen carefully and provides you the comfort of an "adoptive" family. For more information contact: mailto:info@spanishinrosario.com info@spanishinrosario.com.

Contact

Stay safe

Cope

Get out