Sarnia is a city in . With a population of around 90,000 it is the largest city in Lambton County. It is on the south shore of Lake Huron where it empties into the St Clair river, about 100km west of and 100km north east of .

Historically home to Ojibwe of the Three Fires Confederacy this area didn't see much European settlement until the discovery of oil in what is now nearby Oil Springs, home of the first commercial oil well in the world. Sarnia's location made it the perfect transportation hub for local industry and its now the perfect base for exploring Lambton County's many recreational and historical sites.

Get in
By car 
Sarnia is located across the Blue Water Bridge from Port Huron, Michigan. Sarnia is the western terminus of Highway 402 (Sarnia-London).

By train
VIA Rail runs two trains a day from Toronto to Sarnia. All trains arrive at Sarnia station located at 125 Green St.

By plane
Sarnia Chris Hadfield Airport offers several connecting flights per day to and from Toronto Pearson International Airport.

Get around
By car
It would be best to have a car. Traffic is usually very light, and the roads are in good condition.

By foot/bike 
Sarnia has a walkable downtown (Front St. area).

By bus
Sarnia Transit operates a bus system throughout town Fare is $2.25 for single ride. Monthly passes are avaliable at various government offices throughout the city.

Do
In the warmer months go under the Bluewater bridge for fresh cut fries and to watch the boats in the St. Clair River.

Located on Lake Huron, there are many public-access beaches along the shore. Canatara Park has a large public beach with plenty of parking, although it is known to be somewhat rocky and the water is colder, due to the current of the St. Clair River.
Beaches in Bright's Grove (the most North-East end of Sarnia) are generally sandier and warmer, and there are large areas of public access, notably at Mike Weir Park (the largest public park on Lake Huron, it has a large sandy beach, with parking, playground, baseball diamonds, and sheltered picnic areas) and Kenwick Park (which has tennis courts, a basketball court, playground and sheltered picnic area)

If you have children, The Animal farm in Canatara Park is a hit. This attraction is free of charge and the animals come right out to greet you. It's very safe and the whole family will have a ball. 

Canatara Park also has a great beach, hiking trails, and a big park for barbecues or family picnics, sports fields, and a lot of bird wildlife.

Buy
* The largest mall in the area with a fantastic Canadian tire store and many clothing boutiques to meet most styles.

Eat
Sarnia has a rich variety of restaurants and cuisine from around the world, there is something to suit every taste. It even boasts its own signature dish that is famous Canada-wide, fresh, thick cut fries known either as Bridge Fries or Chip Truck Chips. Sarnia's fries have been listed as the best in Canada and even the world several times so every visitor should give them a try.

* Popular spot on the weekends for more upscale cuisine in a modern atmosphere. They have a limited menu so everything they offer is a specialty.

* #1 restaurant in Point Edward on TripAdvisor and considered by many to be the best place to get Sarnia's famous Bridge Fries. They're busy in the summer with their take-out style burger's and fries, along with a great selection of homemade Ice Cream.

*. A cute little Italian restaurant in Point Edward that is a hit with the locals. Savlatore's is within a 4 minute walk of the Bluewater Bridge.

*, located in the east end, and , near the harbour are great for pub food, good beer and a great atmosphere. Both have a variety of daily and weekly specials as well as frequent entertainment events.

* One of Sarnia's best restaurants for quality food in an elegant environment. Located next to the Super 8. The house specialty is Prime Rib.

*Friendly Indian restaurant that can cater to most special food needs (gluten free, vegan, etc) and is rated #1 restaurant in Sarnia.

*All you can eat Japanese restaurant with great food and modern decor.

Drink
*Limbo Martini Lounge on Christina has a large menu of fun, delicious martinis. The service isn't the greatest but the drinks are.

Sleep
*Two star, pet friendly budget hotel chain option. Centrally located and offering free amenities such as WiFi and breakfast.

*The Holiday Inn in Point Edward is one of the major hotels in town and caters to both corporate and leisure travelers. The hotel is located on the waterfront and has convenient access to a marina. Amenities include free WiFi and a pool.

*This hotel has the largest golf course in Lambton County, located in Forest Ontario about a 30 minute drive from downtown Sarnia. It has a restaurant, bar, banquet hall, conference room, indoor pool, tennis court, a pro shop, and about 80 high quality rooms (newly renovated).

* Sarnia's local branch of the Quality Inn chain of hotels is the #1 rated accomodation on TripAdvisor. Located just off the 402, near downtown Sarnia and the bridge to USA. Contains about 50 rooms that include several free amenities such as WiFi and breakfast.

Contact
Phone
Sarnia, ON is serviced by Bell Canada for landline telephones, and is covered by the major Canadian celluar companies (Bell, Telus and Rogers).
Newspapers and Periodicals
The Sarnia Observer is the local daily newspaper serving Sarnia and Lambton county. Other national newspapers are avaliable (Globe and Mail, National Post)

Get out
*, lies across the St. Clair River.
* is located 100 kilometers away and is the closest major city to Sarnia.

 becomes 
| directionr1=E
| majorr1= 
| minorr1=Strathroy
}}