Shannon is a town in , .

Get in

Shannon is situated in the heart of Ireland's beautiful .

By plane

The town of Shannon is well served by Shannon Airport which is the second biggest airport in the Republic of Ireland after airport. Shannon Airport is well connected with the UK, Europe and the United States and is one of the very few international airports with US border preclearance. 

In terms of scheduled passenger airlines, Aer Lingus, Belavia, Centralwings, United Airlines Delta Air Lines Ryanair and US Airways are the main carriers with Ryanair accounting for up to 60% of the total aircraft movements at Shannon Airport.

Recently there has been much controversy after Aer Lingus moved their London Heathrow (LHR) slots from Shannon Airport (SNN) to Belfast International (BFS)

By bus

The town of Shannon is mainly served by Bus Eireann A single adult fare from Dublin to Shannon with Bus Eireann costs €14.90 with return tickets available from €20.50 depending on the day of the week. 

Shannon Airport is well served by Bus Eireann with a total of 136 buses serving the airport on a daily basis. From Shannon Airport, and with changes in either Cork, Ennis, Galway or Limerick, most locations within Ireland are accessible.

Among the other major bus operators to Shannon Airport are JJ Kavanagh & Sons which connects Shannon Airport to Limerick and Dublin.

By train

While the town of Shannon is not served by a train station, it is possible to travel to Limerick by train, and then either connect to Shannon by bus or taxi. Limerick is directly connected to Dublin, Cork, Waterford and Rosslare by Irish Rail 

By car

The town of Shannon is relatively well connected with the rest of Ireland due to its close proximity to the city of which is within 20 kilometers of Shannon. Recently, major upgrades along the N7 (Dublin - Limerick), the N18 (Galway - Limerick) and the N20 (Cork - Limerick) have improved the accessibility of Shannon immensely.

Car rental
Car rental companies in Shannon all have locations at Shannon Airport. Go to the Airport's website for current listings: Look for information under the "To & From the Airport" section.

Get around

See

Do
*Fort lach

Buy
*Shannon Irish Design Store 

Eat
*

Drink
*The Shannon Knights 
*

Sleep
*The Oakwood Arms Hotel, Shannon, Co. Clare, Ireland. Tel =353 61 361500 
* Sophistication and classic style are the hallmarks of the renowned Bunratty Castle Hotel, which is part of the Blarney Group Hotels. The Hotel has been restored to its rightful position as one of the most intimate and charming hotels in the west of Ireland. It embodies the highest of traditional values, with spacious rooms, glorious dining and a spa of exquisite indulgence.

*The Bunratty Shannon Shamrock Hotel is nestled in the heart of Bunratty Village. Adjacent to the famous Bunratty Castle, this hotel has rooms and luxury self catering holiday homes. Guests can avail of our state of the art leisure centre, award winning restaurant and Shamrock bar. Only 10 Minutes From Shannon Airport & Limerick City. Special Room Only Rates From €49 Per Night.

*Bridge Side B&B Sixmilebridge Tel: +353 (0)61 369633 The Bridge House is a family run bed and breakfast, close to Shannon Airport.

*Bunratty Castle Mews Bunratty Tel: +353 (0)61 369766 Bunratty Castle Mews is a family run bed and breakfast in the Village of Bunratty, adjacent to Bunratty Castle and Durty Nelly's Pub.
*This hostel located in Ennis is at 20 minutes from Shannon by car (Thanks to the new motorway). Renovated hostel, very large, very clean.
*Located in Shannon International Airport near Bunratty Castle, Folk Park and Shannon Golf Club.

Get out