Sibiu is a town in southern , 282 km from .
The city's historical centre has been recently renovated in 2006 and looks spectacular.

Understand

Known in as Hermannstadt and in as Nagyszeben, Sibiu has always been the centre of Romania's German minority since medieval times. Even today, it contains Romania's largest German community, and due to initiatives by the local government, the Germanic feel of the area has been maintained. Sibiu also has a significant Hungarian minority, remnants of Transylvania's past as part of the Hungarian Empire and, later, Austria-Hungary. Despite this, Sibiu is also distinctly Romanian (95% of the population are ethnic Romanians) and manages to fuse these three cultures, as well as smaller minorities of Roma, Slovaks and Ukrainians into a city that is as wonderful as it is vibrant.

Today, Sibiu is one of Romania's cultural and tourism capitals, attracting tourists due to its wonderful medieval charm, excellent views of the surrounding landscapes, great food, and stunning parkland. Sibiu today is also doing excellently economically, having an income per capita higher than the Romanian average.

Much of the city has been reconstructed due to it being the European Capital of Culture in 2007 and has benefited greatly from the funds made available. The people in Sibiu are friendly and much of the city centre is pedestrian area. Many locals use their bikes in and outside the city.

Get in

By bus
Sibiu is well connected to and . From Cluj Napoca there are buses almost every hour, provided by Dacos, Fany and Transmixt, taking around 3.5 h. The buses are smooth-running, very comfortable and cheap.

By train

There are 3 direct IRs from Bucharest (5h 40mins) and one Re that takes 8h. From there are 7 trains daily (2.5 to 4h) and from there are no direct trains but connections through Copsa Mica , Medias or Vintu de Jos 

The train schedule changes every summer and winter so it is better to check it online. 

By plane

If you're not coming to Sibiu from another Romanian town, plane is an excellent option, as there are direct connections to Sibiu International Airport from many European cities, especially those in and . 

City bus 11, 112, 118 all go into town the cost is 3 lei per hour (2022). To find the bus stop exit the airport walk to the main street and it is on the left. There is machine at the stop to purchase a ticket with coins or 1 or 5 lei notes. 

There is also Uber and Bolt in Sibiu, so there are many ways to get to Sibiu. You can book your airport transfer to the hotel at a fixed price or you can use a regular taxi, uber or bolt. But considering the traffic the buses would be a better choice. The only way to get a taxi is to get lucky that you have one at the airport or you need to call one to come pick you up. It is recommended to call for one instead of taking one from the airport because they will try to scam you.

Tarom Romania's national carrier, as well as Lufthansa flies five times a week from Sibiu to and also five times a week to . For those with money to splurge, there are also flights three times a week to Bucharest, even though you're better off taking the train if you're coming from inside Romania. There are frequent specials, though, so look at the TAROM website before deciding one way or the other.

There are also Ryanair, Austrian, WizzAir operating a significant number of flights to different destinations just check 

Get around

Sibiu, a city of 170,000 people, seems quite large for its population, even though most tourists won't have to venture outside the conveniently-walkable city central area. In fact, try to walk as much as you can, as only in this way can you sample Sibiu's more remote gems, hidden behind lanes in the middle of the city and crooked, cobbled alleys taking you a step back in history.

Bicycle

Bike rentals are available also from the info centre at Casa Luxembourg on Piața Mică. Guides bike tours are offered to explore the surrounding area by mountain bike, but the prices are too high compared to other places. You can also rent yellow city bikes for 15 LEI at the ivelo office, tucked away behind a parking lot on Piața Unirii. Ideal to venture outside the city centre to visit Cisnădie or enjoy the Natural park Dumbrava Sibiului.

Public transport
If you do need to venture outside the medieval city limits, the local public transport operator TurSib offers reliable services. These services may be useful if you're staying in hotels, pensions or homestays outside the city centre or would like to visit some of the wonderful villages surrounding Sibiu, for a taste of Romanian country life and stunning Transylvanian scenery.

Rent-A-Car

Cars can be rented from various operators:

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

Many small tourism agencies also intermediate for renting cars. You can find such agencies scattered throughout the city centre.

See

*The old town The old medieval town is perhaps Sibiu's main attraction, and it is indeed very beautiful. Most of the buildings in the old town were built by German settlers and merchants who came to Sibiu in the late Middle Ages. Today, the buildings remain in very good conditions, and the streets are peppered with small, secluded lanes, corner cafes and wonderful churches. The old town is divided into two parts: the Upper Town, which contains most of the city's historic sights, and the Lower Town, which is home to many charming buildings and cobbled squares.

*The Citadel of Sibiu The Citadel of Sibiu was, in the Middle Ages, one of the best fortified in and today remains very well preserved. The towers and bastions of the area are well worth a visit, but most of all, make sure you visit the wonderfully charming Stairs Passage, which connects the lower part of the citadel with the upper part. If you want to splurge, dine at the Golden Barrel (Butoiul de Aur), the oldest restaurant in , which sits at the end of the Stairs Passage.

*Huet Square The Huet Square ( Piaţa Huet) is home to a jumble of Gothic buildings and is dominated by the Evangelical Cathedral, one of the most beautiful in Sibiu. Ascending the cathedral's tower offers views of the inner-working of the bell, but also offers stunning views of the city and surrounding mountains and countryside. Here, you can also find the city's only fully-German school, the Samuel von Brukenthal Gymnasium, which shows the city's proud German heritage. In fact, Huet Square stands to be the most German of all places in this city which is as much German as Romanian, and, all the same, 100% Transylvanian.

*The Brukenthal Museum Said by many to be the second best museum in Romania (after the National Art Museum in the capital Bucharest), the Brukenthal is a must see in Sibiu, containing 1090 paintings. The museum is named after Samuel Brukenthal, the governor of . There are paintings from Dutch and Flemish schools, Italian schools and, of course, German, Austrian and Romanian collections. The museum also displays Governor Brukenthal's own collection dating from the 15th-18th centuries.

*"ASTRA" Museum of Traditional Folk Civilization is part of ASTRA National Museum Complex and with over 300 buildings in an area of about one square kilometer the biggest open air museum in Europe. Not only does it have interesting and very picturesque exhibits but it also lies in a very beautiful area with a nice view of the mountains. The museum is located about 3 kilometers south of Sibiu with a good bike path connecting it all the way from the city centre through Parcul Sub Arini. It's also reachable by bus, the tram is not running anymore. The museum and the surrounding park is fine and there's a collection of about 20 different watermills or more, one more creative than the next in taking advantage of water power.

*Outlying attractions In addition to Sibiu's wonderful historical and cultural attractions, the city has a nice green area within walking/cycling distance from the city centre. Cisnădie can easily be reached through Natural park Dumbrava Sibiului on quiet roads. Paying a visit to some more outlying attractions enables you to sample the amazing Transylvanian environment. Sibiu is a good base to explore the medieval fortified churches of Transylvania. is accessible by train from Sibiu, but to see many in one day you will need your own transport or try and seek out a guide from the local travel agencies. UNESCO World Heritage sites are the villages and .

* Balea lake, a wonderfull glacier lake about 50 kilometers south east from Sibiu right off from the road to , on the spectacular Transfăgăraşan.

Events

During Summer there are so many events happening in the main square and on the road leading to the square, so make sure you visit during the weekends from Friday to Sunday. 

The International Theater Festival (TIFF) – 6th – June 15th.

Summer Classics – Music Days – Between 22 – 28 June.

Sibiu Fashion Days – Between 13 – 14 July.

Sibiu Fashion Week – Between 17 – 22 July.

Tiff Sibiu – 20 – 24 June.

Sibiu Cycling Tour – Between 4 – 8 July.

The Traveling Craftsmen – Between June 29 to August 28.

Red Bull Romaniacs – between 24 – 28 July.

Artmania Festival – 27 – 28 July.

“The Songs of the Mountains” Festival – 7-9 august.

Medieval Festival – 24 – 26 August.

The Potters’ Fair – 01 – 02 September.

Sibiu Opera Festival – 09 – 28 September.

Cibinfest – 20 -23 September.

Sibiu Open – Tennis event hold at the Tenis Club Pamira in September.

Astra Film Festival – 15 – 21 October.

Sibiu Rally Challenge – 16 -18 August

Sibiu Jazz Festival – 21-24 May

 The Christmas Fair – November 20-3rd of January and it was opened by the help received by the Vienna City Hall.

Street Food Festival – held 3 to 5 times a year in Sibiu’s Main Square.

Roma Festival – held 3 to 5 times a year in Sibiu’s Main Square.

Handmade festivals – 7 – 9 December.

Do

* Explore Sibiu and the surroundings of Sibiu. For example the bathing resort which is about 15 kilometers from Sibiu.

* Hike Fagaras Mountains and Cindrel Mountains.

* Guided bike tours around Sibiu.

* Guided enduro trips in the mountains, riding levels from tourist to hard.

* Guided or unguided offroad trips in the surrounding areas.

* Go on the Transfagarasan road, that crosses the Fagaras mountains with dramatic views.

Buy

The Erasmus Büchercafe offers a lot of interesting books, maps etc. on the region and its history. It's located a short walk from the centre on Strada Mitropoliei 30.

There are many souvenir shops in the old town. There is a House of the Arts in the Piata Mica. It is a huge building right beside the Liar's Bridge and it has all of the traditional Romanian crafts you could want.

Eat

In the old town there are many restaurants, fast foods and cafes where tourists and locals can enjoy not only good food from the local and international cuisine but also good music and cosy atmosphere. 
The Small Square (Piata Mica) became in the last few years the best place to go out in Sibiu because of the big range of restaurants, cafes and pubs which also have terraces during the summer. The quality of restaurants and the service delivered is also generally higher in the Small Square as it is more for the locals.

When staying in Sibiu you should try the local dish "Ciorbă", a sour soup which has different variants with meatballs and/or vegetables.

The food and drink available in Sibiu is of a higher standard generally than the equivalent restaurant in Bucharest and is cheap by Western European standards, though prices are comparable to Bucharest. You could expect to have a good meal for two people with drinks and 2 courses for around €25 total.

*Crama Sibiana, Str. Avram Iancu 1-3, Tel. +40-369-405371. Celler/basement restaurant offering traditional Romanian cuisine at reasonable prices.

*Crama Sibiul Vechi (The Old Sibiu Restaurant), A.Papiu Ilarian nr.3, Tel. +40-269-210461. Celler/basement restaurant offering traditional Romanian cuisine at reasonable prices.

*La Dobrun, Str. Dobrun nr. 1, Tel. +40-269-240040. Celler/basement restaurant offering traditional Romanian cuisine at reasonable prices.

* La Plăcinte, Strada Nicolae Bălcescu 24, Tel. +40 755 000 522. laplacinte.ro. Is a restaurant-chain of romania, which offers typical food. For 20-40 LEI you can get a good meal.

Drink

It's a shame, that potentially great places like Piața Mică are packed with cars combined with expensive, nouveau riche restaurants. There are some more down-to-earth places where you can enjoy Sibiu.

You can have a nice cup of coffee sitting outside watching the people on Piața Mare at Mustache Caffee. The friendly staff is very helpful.

The Vienna cafe is hidden behind the Catedrala Evanghelică on Piața Albert Huet and offers splendid views over the city, just above the Pasajul Scărilor.

*Club Liquid is a night club which plays mainstream music and was renovated in 2009. The audience is about 50 % tourists/locals. Dobrun str. 1

Sleep

Apartments
*The apartments and Studios are centrally located, 1 to 5 Minutes walking distance to Sibiu Main Square (Piata Mare) and 3-10 minutes walking distance to Sibiu Bus- and Train station. Can accommodate up to 6 guests each, at rates starting with €35/night (studios accommodate 2 to 4 guests each at €25-30/night). All apartments have private bathrooms with tub and/or shower and fully equipped kitchen; also parking, free wireless Internet.

Hostels
* Located right at the centre of Sibiu, you can visit the main touristic points in matter of minutes. Breakfast is included, and you may use the kitchen as much as you want, coffee and tea are free all day long. Laundry is available for about €2. The rooms have 6 and 8 bed dorms, a twin bed and double private rooms, they have wifi. 

* Situated right around the corner from the Big Square (Piata Mare), Hostel Centrum offers all common services including a bar area, kitchen, laundry, wifi, internet, beautiful decorations, friendly and competent owner and staff.

* Located very near the centre of Sibiu. Breakfast is not included, but you may use the kitchen as much as you want. Laundry is available for €2. Door rooms average about 7 beds per room

* Located in the heart of Sibiu in a 450 year old building looking over one of the 3 main squares. Breakfast is not included but you can use the kitchen all you want. Laundry is available for €2. Door rooms average about 10 beds per room

* Situated in a quiet area of Sibiu close to the train and bus station (5 min walk) and another 9 minutes walk from the ancient centre. Breakfast, coffee, tea and mineral water included. 2 PCs and fast wireless Internet everywhere, personal lockers & towels for free, spacious, cozy garden with wooden benches & tables and a patio curled around by wine ranks. Two bathrooms & toilets, a fully equipped kitchen and free laundry.

* On a quiet street just a few minutes walk from the centre of Sibiu, this is a great little place with lots of personal care and attention poured into it. It's very welcoming and beautifully decorated in a traditional style, with a courtyard and an adjoining restaurant/cafe which serves up quite a range of international cuisine. 2 dorms and a private double available. Best to book in advance in the high season!

* Near the train station and also not far away of the old-town (just a short climb of the hill). More hotel-style, but a good alternative in comparison to the hostels, which have almost the same prices for a dorm-bed.

Hotels

*Zanzi Guesthouse opened in 2008 in the historic center of Sibiu.

* Comfortable and modern hotel not far from the city centre. Internet is available in rooms. 

* This 13 floor, 182 room hotel is plain but well maintained. Its rooms often have nice views. It is located a two minutes from Old Town.

* A ten minute drive from the centre of Sibiu. Rooms are well equipped and well kept. Breakfast is included. Free wireless Internet available. English and German speaking owners. 

Get out 

place:Sibiu dc:title "Hermannstadt"@de .