Sundsvall is the only major town in the small province of Medelpad in southern , central . The population figure is about 55,000 but including suburbs the population is close to 100,000. It is located in a hilly area by the coast and is the centre of an industrial district (pulp and paper factories, sawmill, aluminium industry, hydroelectrical power). Sundsvall also houses one of the major campuses of the Mittuniversitetet (Mid Sweden University), which got university status in 2005.

Get in

The regional gateway is Sundsvall-Härnösand Airport located 21 km north of the city. There are daily domestic flights from , and with seasonal connections from . A airport shuttle bus connects with city center in about 45 min.

Daily X2000 fast passenger trains from Stockholm makes the journey to Sundsvall in just 3h 20m. Other daily InterCity trains arrive from and . There is also regional trains from available.

A range of long-distance buses travels along the Swedish coast makes stop-overs in Sundsvall. This is often the cheapest way of traveling, but not very fast. Most buses comes from Luleå or going south-ward to Stockholm or vice versa. A trip from Stockholm might take up to six hours.

Get around
With local busses www.dintur.se or taxi.

See
City area with old stone houses, "Stenstaden". All built around 1890 after the great fire in 1888 that destroyed the whole city.

"Kulturmagasinet", museum and library, in the city near the harbor.

Norra stadsparken (more commonly called "Norra berget") is a popular 19th century themed outdoor museum that local families often visit. It's similar to Skansen in Stockholm, and there are often organized events there.
The mountain houses a playground for children, a gift shop that sells souvenirs and old-fashioned candy and books, and a miniature 19th century "village" with a house, a well, and a horse barn of sorts. There is also a large white tower on the mountain that can be seen even in the middle of town and is seen as a landmark in Sundsvall, the tower is open to the public and offers the best views of Sundsvall possible.

Sundsvall, like many other Swedish towns has several runestones and other objects of old Norse legacy spread out among the town, often near churches.

Do
Visit the "Sundsvall Street Festival", which is held in the first week of July. A street party with a lot of great artists.

* One of four legal casinos in Sweden and the only one in the whole of . Altough far from the glamour of Monaco, you can still spend (or with some luck, win) a lot of cash here.

Buy

Eat
Sundsvall has more than 60 restaurants, bars and pubs, more than anywhere else in . Most international cusine is represented and of course Swedish traditional husmanskost. 

* Low-priced Swedish gourmet cusine, located close to city center.

* A gourmet restaurant with inspiration from the Mediterranean kitchen.

Drink

Sleep

* Built in 1891 and extensivly renovated 2002 this hotel ranks among the best in town.

* A small hostel with 16 rooms just 1.5 km from the city center.

Get out