Terrace is a city in the of , . The largest city in the region, it has a population of about 11,000, a significant portion of which is the Kitselas people, who have lived in the area for thousands of years.

Get in
By plane
There are several flights that run to and from Terrace. Central Mountain Air runs 5 flights weekly to Smithers, and six to Prince George, and Air Canada and Hawkair offer twice daily service to Vancouver. (Hawkair only has only one flight on Saturday.)

By car
Terrace sits at the intersection of the Yellowhead Highway (Highway 16) and Highway 37. The city is two hours east of Prince Rupert, an hour and a half north of Kitimat, and eight hours west of Prince George. As this is northern mountains, driving in this area is not recommended in the winter if you are not familiar with travel in such conditions.

By train
Terrace is a station on the Jasper-Prince Rupert VIA Rail line, and arrives eastbound WFSu 10:20am, and westbound MThSa 6:00pm, leaving five minutes later. There is an overnight stop in Prince George for those coming from or going to Jasper.

By bus
Greyhound offers service towards Prince Rupert, Kitimat and Prince George.

Get around
Terrace is small enough to walk around downtown, and there are seven bus routes in town including a connector to Kitimat and the airport.

See
* The Kermodei Bear: This all white relative of a black bear is the town mascot of Terrace. It is not an albino, but one with a recessive gene inherited from both parents. Sacred to the Native people of the area, sightings are exceedingly rare, and few locals have seen one.

Do
* Fish: There are many lodges, guides, and tour companies to help you catch steelhead, salmon and trout, and the Skeena is well known for its good fishing.
* Skiing: Terrace is a top destination for skiing. Shames Mountain is located 35kms west of Terrace and is well regarded for it's deep snowpack and quality skiing. Northern Escape Heli Skiing is known for deep powder heli skiing and heli boarding in the Skeena Mountains, near Terrace.

Buy
* 

Eat
* 

Drink
* 

Sleep
* 

Contact

Get out
Continue on to the coast and .