Tianjin (天津; Tiānjīn) is a municipality in .

Understand

Tianjin (Chinese: 天津; pinyin: Tiānjīn) is a metropolis in northern China and one of the five national central cities of the People's Republic of China. It is governed as a direct-controlled municipality, one of four such designations, and is, thus, under direct administration of the central government. Tianjin borders Hebei Province and Beijing Municipality, bounded to the east by the Bohai Gulf portion of the Yellow Sea.

As a dual-core city, Tianjin is divided into the old city and the Binhai New Area. Binhai New Area is a new growth pole in China, and it maintains an annual growth rate of nearly 30% of the GDP. As of the end of 2010, 285 Fortune Global 500 companies have established branch offices in Binhai. It is a base of China's advanced industry, financial reform, and innovation.

In urban population, the city ranks sixth in China and its urban land area (Binhai New Area is not included) is fifth after , , and . Tianjin's urban area is located along the Hai River, which connects to the Yellow and Yangtze Rivers via the Grand Canal in Tianjin. Tianjin was once home to foreign concessions in the late Qing Dynasty and early Kuomintang (KMT) era. The municipality incorporates the coastal region of Tanggu, home to the Binhai New Area and the Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area (TEDA).

Climate
Tianjin has a continental climate similar, though slightly warmer, to its neighbor . It features moderate rainfall measuring 511.4mm on average, each year. Extremes have ranged from -22.9°C (-9.2°F) to 40.5°C (104.9°F). Winters are freezing, influenced by the vast Siberian Anticyclone. Despite the fact that its southeastern suburbs reach the , the city often sees temperatures below -10°C (14°F) and temperatures down to -15°C (5°F) aren't very uncommon. The average January temperature is -3.4°C (25.8°F) and the average high and low temperature is 2°C (35°F) and -7.4°C (18.6°F) prespectively. Snow is uncommon, not because of temperature, but usually because of the lack of precipitation falling during these months. Spring usually arrives by the end of March or early April when temperatures start to rise above 20°C (68°F). During this part of the year Tianjin is occassionally affected by sandstorms originating in the . Summers in the city are characterised by sweltering heat and much rainfall. Temperatures usually top 30°C (86°F), but they may occassionally rise above 35°C (95°F) during heat waves. Autumn usually arrives by mid-September and it's similar to spring, albeit being slightly cooler and wetter.

 History 

The land where Tianjin is located today was created in prehistoric times by sedimentation of various rivers entering the sea at Bohai Gulf, including the Yellow River, which entered the sea in this area at one point.

The opening of the during the Sui Dynasty prompted the development of Tianjin into a trading center. Until 1404, Tianjin was called "Zhigu" (直沽), or "Straight Port". In that year, the Yongle Emperor renamed the city Tianjin, meaning "the Heavenly Ford", to indicate that the Emperor (Son of Heaven) forded the river at that point. This is because he had indeed forded the river in Tianjin when in contention for the throne with his nephew. Later, a fort was established in Tianjin, known as "Tianjin Wei" (天津卫), the Fort of Tianjin.

Tianjin was promoted to a prefecture in 1725. Tianjin County was established under the prefecture in 1731.

In 1856, Chinese soldiers boarded The Arrow, a Chinese-owned ship registered in Hong Kong flying the British flag and suspected of piracy, smuggling, and of being engaged in the opium trade. They captured 12 men and imprisoned them. In response, the British and French sent gunboats under the command of Admiral Sir Michael Seymour to capture the Taku forts (大沽砲台) near Tianjin in May 1858. At the end of the first part of the Second Opium War in June of the same year, the Treaties of Tianjin were signed, which opened Tianjin to foreign trade. The treaties were ratified by the Emperor of China in 1860, and Tianjin (known as Tientsin) was formally opened to Great Britain and France, and thus to the outside world. Between 1895 and 1900, Britain and France were joined by Japan, Germany and Russia, and even by countries without Chinese concessions such as Austria-Hungary, Italy and Belgium, in establishing self-contained concessions in Tianjin, each with its own prisons, schools, barracks and hospitals. These nations left many architectural reminders of their rule, notably churches and thousands of villas. Today those villas provide an exotic flavour to Tianjin.

The presence of foreign influence in Tianjin was not always peaceful; one of the most serious violent incidents to take place was the Tianjin Church Incident (天津教案). In June 1870, the orphanage held by the Wanghailou Church (望海楼教堂), Our Lady of Victories, in Tianjin, built by French Roman Catholic missionaries, was accused of the kidnapping and brainwashing of Chinese children. On June 21, the magistrate of Tianjin County initiated a showdown at the church that developed into violent clashes between the church's Christian supporters and non-Christian Tianjin residents. The furious protestors eventually burned down Wanghailou Church and the nearby French consulate and killed eighteen foreigners including ten French nuns, the French consul, and merchants. France and six other Western nations complained to the Qing government, which was forced to pay compensation for the incident.

In June 1900, the Boxers were able to seize control of much of Tianjin. On 26 June, European defense forces heading towards Beijing were stopped by Boxers at nearby Langfang, and were defeated and forced to turn back to Tianjin. The foreign concessions were also under siege for several weeks.

In July 1900, the Eight-Nation Alliance recaptured Tianjin. This alliance soon established the Tianjin Provisional Government, composed of representatives from each of the occupying forces (Russian, British, Japanese, German, French, American, Austro-Hungarian, and Italian). The city was governed by this council until 15 August 1902 when the city was returned to Qing control. Eminent Qing General Yuan Shikai led efforts to transform Tianjin into a modern city, establishing the first modern Chinese police force. In 1907, Yuan supervised China's first modern democratic elections for a county council.

Western nations were permitted to garrison the area to ensure open access to Bejing. The British maintained a brigade of two battalions in Tianjin, and the Italians, French, Japanese, Germans, Russians, and Austro-Hungarians maintained understrength regiments; the United States did not initially participate. During World War I, the German and Austro-Hungarian garrisons were captured and held as Prisoners of War by Allied Forces while the Bolshevik government withdrew the Russian garrison in 1918. In 1920, the remaining participating nations asked the United States to join them, and the U.S. then sent the 15th Infantry Regiment, less one battalion, to Tientsin from the Philippines.

Tianjin was established as a municipality of China (直辖市) in 1927.

Garrison duty was highly regarded by the troops. General George C Marshall, the "architect of victory" in World War II when he was the U.S. Army Chief of Staff, served at Tientsin in the 1920s as Executive Officer of the 15th Infantry. The U.S. withdrew this unit in 1938 and a U.S. presence was maintained only by the dispatch of a small U.S. Marine Corps contingent from the Embassy Guard at Bejing.

On 30 July 1937, Tianjin fell to Japan, as part of the Second Sino-Japanese War, but was not entirely occupied, as the Japanese for the most part respected foreign concessions until 1941, when the American and British concessions were occupied. In the summer of 1939, there occurred a major crisis in Anglo-Japanese relations with the Tientsin Incident. On 14 June 1939, the Imperial Japanese Army surrounded and blockaded the British concession over the refusal of the British authorities to hand over to the Japanese six Chinese who had assassinated a locally prominent Japanese collaborator, and had taken refuge in the British concession. For a time, the 1939 crisis appeared likely to cause an Anglo-Japanese war, especially when reports of the maltreatment by the Japanese Army of British subjects wishing to leave or enter the concession appeared in the British press. The crisis ended when the British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was advised by the Royal Navy and the Foreign Office that the only way to force the Japanese to lift the blockade was to send the main British battle fleet to Far Eastern waters, and that given the current crisis in Europe that it would be inappropriate to send the British fleet out of European waters, thus leading the British to finally turn over the six Chinese, who were then executed by the Japanese. During the Japanese occupation, Tianjin was ruled by the North China Executive Committee, a puppet state based in Beijing.

On 9 August 1940, all of the British troops in Tianjin were ordered to withdraw. On 14 November 1941 the American Marine unit stationed in Tianjin was ordered to leave, but before this could be accomplished, the Japanese attacked the United States. The American Marine detachment surrendered to the Japanese on 8 December 1941. Only the Italian and French concessions (the local French officials were loyal to Vichy) were allowed to remain by the Japanese. Japanese occupation lasted until 15 August 1945, the surrender of Japan marking the end of World War II.

Tianjin holds the annual Meeting of the New Champions of World Economic Forum (also called Summer Davos) from 2008.

In October 2010, the UN Climate Change Conference convened in Tianjin.

Divisions
Tianjin City consists of 13 districts and 3 counties, which are 16 county-level divisions. Each district has a unique culture and could be a large city in its own right. Within each district individual neighborhoods, some only a few blocks in size, have personalities lauded in culture and cuisine.

The 7 districts in urban Tianjin are:

The 6 districts in rural Tianjin are:

Get in

By plane

Tianjin Binhai International Airport () is located in the east of the urban area, in Dongli District, which is only 15 km (9 miles) to the east of the urban area. It is a second alternative to high-speed train, especially if wanting to reduce the added travel time and cost that comes associated with flying into Beijing -- just some 120 km (75 miles) from Tianjin.

Domestic routes include , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .

A few international routes are available, including , , , , , , , , , , , , and . However the destinations are far more than that, if Beijing Capital International Airport is taken into account, which is so near. Because the fairly short distance between the two cities, and bullet train service available, consider both cities as an arrival point.

Airport Shuttle Bus There are four routes, and the most expensive price is ¥25. No change is given on the bus, so make sure you have exact change for the fare.

The Binhaiguojijichang metro station at the end of Line 2 goes directly to the airport and takes ~20 minutes from the central station. 

Beijing Daxing International Airport
Beijing Daxing International Airport () which just recently opened is another alternative to flying into Tianjin as the airport is located 119 km (74 miles) from Tianjin. Since the airport has recently opened, the number of daily flights are still limited. The more time that goes by, there will be an increase in air itineraries in the airport’s schedule. For the time being, all the major China air carriers such as China Eastern, China Southern, China United, and Air China airlines are present at Daxing airport along with some international airlines like British Airways, Finnair, LOT Polish Airlines, and Malaysia Airlines.

As far as intercity buses are concerned, the Daxing airport bus to Tianjin runs 4 times a day and the ticket price is 75 RMB (9.5€ / 10.5$) and are currently the only real convenient public transport option to the airport from Tianjin. However there is a high speed rail line being built that will connect Tianjin to Beijing Daxing Airport (expected to open in 2022). 

By train 

Tianjin Railway Station is the largest station in the city. It was first built in 1888 and then rebuilt in 1988. The station was again renovated in 2008 in preparation for the Olympic Games. Tianjin North is another railway stations in the urban area. Tanggu station serves the seaside district of the same name. Tianjin West and Tianjin South stations serve bullet trains to Shanghai, while Tianjin West is within the urban area, Tianjin South is a further away from the city center.

Tianjin railway station is open for the bullet train to Beijing South train station. One-way tickets are ¥55 for Economy, ¥66 for Business, or ¥94 for VIP. The bullet train designation is a 'C' and takes about 33 minutes, travelling up to 300&nbsp;km/h. Some C-series trains make a stop in Wuqing, which adds 5 more minutes to the trip.

There are shuttle buses between Tianjin railway station and Tianjin airport. A ticket costs ¥15 per trip. It stops about 200&nbsp;m from the train station northern gate (back gate). When alighting from the shuttle bus, just walk along the pavement and you will reach the train station.

Should you choose to take taxi, use the official taxi stand (just follow the signage). The taxi fare from Tianjin railway station to Tianjin airport is about ¥50-65. It is not advisable to use any of the touts that offer taxi services. The official taxi stand has plenty of taxis.

If leaving the station by taxi, be prepared for a production-line approach to getting the punters into taxis. Marshals keep the queue moving so have baggage ready to stow and a destination in mind or possibly be forced to go to the back of the line and wait your turn again.

Tianjin South Railway Station handles some of the high-speed rail service to Shanghai. However, it is not near the city centre. There are some bus routes from the South Railway Station to the city, and the taxis are predominantly of the illegal variety, so plan accordingly. The recently renovated Tianjin West Station also handles the high-speed rail service to Shanghai. It can be reached via Tianjin Metro Line 1. Tianjin South serves as an intermediate station for bullet trains between Beijing South and Shanghai Hongqiao. Tianjin West is not located on the main line, but as a termini for trains between Tianjin West and Shanghai Hongqiao.

The Tianjin Railway Station is also locally called the 'East Station', due to its geographical position. In January 2007, the station began another long-term restructuring project to modernize the facility and as part of the larger Tianjin transport hub project involving Tianjin Metro lines 2, 3, and 9 as well as the Tianjin-Beijing High-speed rail.

Tianjin West Railway Station and Tianjin North Railway Station are also major railway stations in Tianjin. There is also Tanggu Railway Station is located in the important port area of Tanggu District, and TEDA Railway Station located in TEDA, to the north of Tanggu. There are several other railway stations in the city that do not handle passenger traffic.

Construction on a Beijing-Tianjin high-speed rail was completed by August 2008.

The following rail lines go through Tianjin:

Tianjin West Railway Station, Jingshan Railway, from Beijing to Shanhai Pass
Jinpu Railway, from Tianjin to Pukou District, Nanjing
Jinji Railway, from Tianjin urban area to Ji County, Tianjin
Jinba Railway, from Tianjin to Bazhou, Hebei
Starting from Aug. 1, 2008, all trains stopping at the previous Tianjin Temporary Passenger Station will now instead use the newly completed Tianjin Railway Station.

Also, the inter-city trains between Beijing and Tianjin will adopt a new numbering system: Cxxxx (C stands for interCity.). The train numbers range between C2001～C2298:

C2001～C2198: From Beijing South Station to Tianjin, non-stop.
C2201～C2268: From Beijing South Station to Tianjin, with stops at Wuqing Station (武清站) or Yizhuang Station (亦庄站);
C2271～C2298: From Beijing South Station to Tanggu Station of Tianjin.
The new C trains take only 30 min between Beijing and Tianjin, cutting the previous D train time by more than a half. The ticket price (as of Aug 2008) is ¥69 for the first-class seat and ¥58 for the second-class seat.

By car

Some spots in Tianjin, including roads and bridges, have names from Dr. Sun Yat-sen's Three Principles of the People (for example, Minquan Gate on Zhonghuan Road). Names harkening back to the era of the Republic of China on the mainland also appear (e.g. Beiyang Road). Many roads in Tianjin are named after a Chinese province or city. Also, Tianjin is unlike Beijing, in that very few roads run parallel to the major four compass directions.

Tianjin has three ring roads. Unlike Beijing, the Inner and Middle Ring Roads are not closed, traffic-controlled roadways and some often have traffic light intersections. The Outer Ring Road is the closest thing to a highway-level ring road, although traffic is often chaotic and sometimes more than chaotic.

Inner Ring Road (neihuan)

Middle Ring Road (zhonghuan)

Outer Ring Road (waihuan)

Tianjin's roads often finish in dao (道 avenue), xian (线) line, more used for highways and through routes) and lu (路 road). Jie (街 street) is rare. As Tianjin's roads are rarely in a cardinal compass direction, jing (经) roads and wei (纬) roads often appear, which attempt to run more directly north-south and east-west, respectively.

The following seven expressways of China run in or through Tianjin:

Jingjintang Expressway, from Beijing, through Tianjin's urban area, to Tanggu District / TEDA

Jinghu Expressway, from Jinjing Gonglu Bridge to Shanghai (together with Jingjintang Expressway, this is the expressway from Beijing to Shanghai)

Jingshen Expressway, through Baodi District on its way from Beijing to Shenyang

Tangjin Expressway, from Tanggu District, Tianjin, to Tangshan, Hebei—known in Tianjin as the Jintang Expressway

Baojin Expressway, from Beichen District, Tianjin, to Baoding, Hebei—known in Tianjin as the Jinbao Expressway

Jinbin Expressway, from Zhangguizhuang Bridge to Hujiayuan Bridge, both within Tianjin

Jinji Expressway, from central Tianjin to Jixian County

The following six China National Highways pass through Tianjin:

China National Highway 102, through Ji County, Tianjin on its way from to 

China National Highway 103, from Beijing, through Tianjin's urban area, to District

China National Highway 104, from Beijing, through Tianjin Municipality, to 

China National Highway 105, from Beijing, through Tianjin Municipality, to 

China National Highway 112, circular highway around Beijing, passes through Tianjin Municipality

China National Highway 205, from , , through Tianjin Municipality, to 

::The expressways to Beijing are sometimes closed due to dense smog in the Autumn and Spring so allow extra time if planning on using them during this period.

::Group-share taxis from Tianjin (to Beijing, or vice-versa) run ¥50-60 per seat (4 seats in total), but these may be illegal taxis.

::Car rental information is available via +86 13102107700 or 

By bus
Tianjin is well connected with other cities via bus. The price from Beijing is about ¥30.

There are also two school bus lines linking Nankai and Tianjin Universities and Tsinghua University. They depart daily at 3:45PM and 4:45PM from Tsinghua's North-West Gate.

By boat

Tianjin is connected to as well , , by passenger boat.

, - is served by a weekly China Express Line ferry, departing Kobe at 11:00 on Fridays and arriving in Tianjin at 14:00 on Sundays. It takes 51 hours to do the nearly 2,000&nbsp;km (1,242&nbsp;mi) crossing between the two cities. Tianjin Office Tel.:+86 22-2420-5777

The port is named Xingang (新港), which is about 45&nbsp;km east to downtown Tianjin. The district Xingang located is named Tanggu. Tianjin Metro Line 9 (also known as the Light Rail by locals) connects Tanggu to downtown Tianjin. A train ride from Tanggu or TEDA metro stations to Tianjin's central railway station takes 40 minutes.

There is also a few direct high-speed trains serve Tanggu Railway Station every day, make a stop in Tianjin's central station before continue to Beijing South. A single trip from Tanggu to Beijing South Station takes just under an hour. Both Tanggu metro station and railway station are about 15 minutes away from the sea port by cab and should not cost you more than ¥20–¥30 by meter.

Get around

By bus

Founded in 1904, the Tianjin bus system was the first in China, and the metro was second in the nation (1970) and today the city is well served by public transportation. Within the city, traveling on a bus line that is less than 12&nbsp;km (7&nbsp;mi) will cost ¥1.5, while ¥1 will cover a journey on any line over 12&nbsp;km, even if you travel less than 12&nbsp;km (7&nbsp;mi) but on a line that is over this distance, the cost is still ¥1. It's well worth your time to look up popular bus routes. Buses are comfortable and clean.

By taxi

Taxis are abundant. The minimum cost for 3&nbsp;kilometers is ¥8 (plus ¥1 mandatory fuel surcharge), and ¥1.7 per kilometer thereafter. Taxis also charge for the time while the vehicle is stationary at ¥1.7 for every five minutes (cost is exempt for less than five minutes). It is strongly recommended to avoid taxis not waiting in the proper queue at popular places for tourists (such as a railway station). See note in the Get in-By train section above about how to avoid train station taxis. The same advice applies at tourist stops, it is best to walk a few blocks to a regular street to catch a metered taxi. Ride with illegal taxis at your own risk.

There are Tianjin tourist maps with destinations written in Chinese characters and English. Pointing at where you want to go will get you a long way with taxi drivers. It might be a good idea to take a magnifying glass along as many of the drivers have trouble with the small font.

You can rent a taxi driver for the day or even for just a few hours. The drivers are happy to wait, and the cost for two hours would be less than ¥100. 

Another caution about taxis is that there are toll roads in some parts of China. In a taxi, you will be expected to pay the base fare plus the toll fee. The driver pays the toll and receives a receipt at the toll booth. At your destination, you ask for the receipt(s) and pay that amount plus the base fare. If you are going a long way, you may also be asked to pay for the return toll fee. That is a legitimate request, although you could argue that the driver will pick up another fare to pay for the toll anyway. You may or may not succeed with the driver. Tipping isn't common practice, as in most Chinese cities.

By metro
Tianjin Metro and Binhai Mass Transit

Tianjing Metro is operated by two differing companies. In all, there are four lines (1, 2, 3, and 9. There is also a tram, the TEDA Modern Guided Rail Tram.

There are two rapid transit operators in Tianjin:

* Tianjin Metro. Presently operating three lines. 
{| cellpadding="5" style="margin:0 auto; text-align:left;" class="wikitable"
|-
! style="width:300px;" colspan="2"| Number & Name
! Terminals
! Opening Year
|-
| style="background:#f00;"| 1
| style="width:280px;"|
| Shuanglin – Liuyuan
| 1981
|-
| style="background:#6E00A5"| 2
| style="width:280px;"|
| Caozhuang – Konggangjingjiqu
| 2012
|-
| style="background:#6E00A5"| 3
| style="width:280px;"|
|
| 2012
|}
* BMT. Currently operates 33 stations, 19 of which are on Line 9.

{| cellpadding="5" style="margin:0 auto; text-align:left;" class="wikitable"
|-
! style="width:300px;" colspan="2"| Number & Name
! Terminals
! Interchange
! Opening Year
|-
| style="background:#FF5084"| 9
| style="width:280px;"|
| Tianjin Railway Station – Donghai Lu
| 9
| 2004
|-
| style="background:gray"| T
| style="width:280px;"|
| TEDA – North of College District
| B1
| 2007
|}

By light rail
A light-rail line runs between the urban area of Zhongshanmen to the seaside area Donghailu in TEDA.

See

Buildings

* Fifth Avenue (Wudadao) is located in the south of the downtown Tianjin, a parallel street from east to west named under five cities of southwest China, namely Chongqing, Changde, Dali, Munan and Machang. Local Tianjinese call it the "Fifth Avenue", together with over 230 buildings of all kinds from the architecture of Britain, France, Italy, Germany and Spain, as well as over 50 houses ever been lived by celebrities. Colourful architecture style range from the Renaissance, Greek, Gothic, Romantic, Eclectic, and Carson, which constitute a true fun of art.
The second part is the residential area, with the first small Western-style residential area for foreign people who opened up concessions, whose residence next to the office area, close to Jiefang Road, around the former Italian concession in the east of Marco Polo Plaza. In the 20th century, due to the current situation, Tianjin's position in China had become very special and important. On one hand, social and political unrest made concessions a haven for ousted politicians and businessmen, on the other hand, Tianjin, had geographically profits for transporation and duty-free customs, was full of opportunities. Various dignitaries and rich people lived in Tianjin. Living in a small Western-style house was more comfortable and convenient than a traditional courtyard and the Fifth Avenue was located in a prime location of the British concession, thus people rushed in to build their houses here. The neighbourhood became Tianjin's rich area at that time. Tianjin was undoubtedly the first in term of the size of rich area among the affluent cities in modern China.

* Tianjin Ancient Culture Street was opened on New Year´s Day in 1986, the overall construction has the folk architectural styple of Qing dynasty, with Tin Hau (Matsu Temple) located in the centre of the whole street. There are nearly hundreds of stores along the street, among them Yangliuqing painting gallery and painted clay sculpture of Clay Figure Zhang are most famous, as well as calligraphy and painting brushes(文房四宝) of Four Treasures and Spring Church, cultural antiques of Sui Man Chai and cloisonne (景泰蓝), double-sided embroidery (双面绣), jade carvings (牙玉雕), art ceramics (艺术陶瓷), Chinese and Western musical instruments and gold and silver jewelry from other dozens of famous artists and craftmen. All goods are genuine, affordable and with good quality.

* The Concessions in Tianjin were concession territories ceded by the Chinese imperial Qing Dynasty to the great powers in Tianjin.
Tianjin's position at the intersection of the Grand Canal and the Peiho River connecting Beijing to the Bohai Bay made it one of the premier ports of northern China. Foreign trade was approved there for the British and French by the 1860 Peking Convention. Its importance increased even further when it was connected to the Tangshan coal fields by the Kaiping Tramway, the railroad that eventually connected all of northern China and Manchuria. Between 1895 and 1900, the two original powers were joined by Japan, Germany, Russia, and by Austria-Hungary, Italy and Belgium – countries without concessions elsewhere in China – in establishing self-contained concessions each with their own prisons, schools, barracks and hospitals. The European settlements covered 5 square miles (13 km2) in all, the riverfront being governed by foreign powers.
** Austro-Hungarian concession (1901–1917)
During the Boxer rebellion and its aftermath 1899-1901, Austria-Hungary participated in the Eight-Nation Alliance and helped in suppressing the rising. However, Austria-Hungary together with Italy sent the smallest force of any of the combatant nations. Four cruisers and 296 Hungarian enlisted soldiers were dispatched.
** Belgian concession (1902–1931)
The former Belgian Concession was established in 1902. Located on the eastern bank of the Hai River (Hai He), the Belgian government and business community did not invest in concession development, therefore there were not many buildings constructed in this area, and those that were built are no longer extant.
** British concession (1860–1943)
The British concession, in which the trade centres, was situated on the right bank of the Hai River below the native city, occupying some 200 acres (0.81 km²). It was held on a lease in perpetuity granted by the Chinese government to the British Crown, which sublet plots to private owners in the same way as was done at Hankou. The local management was entrusted to a municipal council organized on lines similar to those in Shanghai. The seat of government was the stately Gordon Hall, situated on Victoria Road (now Jiefang Lu).
** French concession (1860–1946)
The former French concession was established in 1860. After more than 100 years, almost every prominent building in the original concession is still extant, including the French Consulate, the Municipal Council, the French Club, the Catholic Cathedral, the French Garden and many others. Many of the bank buildings along the financial street (currently Jiefang Lu, formerly the Rue de France) are still in existence today.
** German concession (1899–1917)
Germany by the late 1870s was on a course of extensive economic involvement in several Chinese provinces, among them the Tientsin area. The German enclave south of the Hai River was situated between the British and one of the Japanese concessions. In July 1877 xenophobic groups threatened the life and property of German merchants in Tientsin. Local unrest intensified, mainly due to poor harvests and resulting famine, and Tientsin business interests requested armed protection. The German admiralty then dispatched the corvette SMS Luise to China. This initial show of support eventually evolved into a permanent presence in Chinese waters by initially modest German naval forces.
** Italian concession (1901–1947)
On September 7, 1901, a concession in Tientsin was ceded to the Kingdom of Italy (Regno d'Italia) by the Qing Dynasty of China. On June 7, 1902, the concession was taken into Italian possession and administered by an Italian consul. After World War I the Austro-Hungarian section was added to the Italian, doubling its size. It became the headquarters of the Italian Legione Redenta (an "Italian legio" made of irredentist troops in the defeated Austro-Hungarian empire), that fought in 1919 against Lenin's Soviet troops in Siberia and Manchuria.
** Japanese concession (1888–1945)
The former Japanese concession was established in 1888. The Japanese army occupied the entire city of Tientsin from 1937 until their defeat in 1945.
** Russian concession (1903–1920)
The former Russian concession was established in 1903. The former Russian concession in Tientsin (1903–1920), originally an area of more than 398 hectares, was never completed. Located on the eastern bank of Hai He River along a bend in the river, it was originally divided into two districts (east and west). In 1920 the Beiyang government of the Republic of China retook the land and concession from the Russian SFSR. In 1924, the Soviet Union renounced its claim on the concession.
** American concession
The United States never requested or received extraterritorial rights in Tianjin. A de facto concession was administered from 1869 until 1880, principally under the aegis of the British mission. Ultimately, the American concession territory became part of the British Concession in 1902. The United States maintained a permanent garrison at Tientsin from January 1921, by the 15th Infantry, US Army until 1938 and by the US Marine Corps until December 8, 1941, the day after Pearl Harbor was attacked by Japan.

*The brand new Tianjin Binhai Library went viral on the internet in late 2017 for its modernistic atrium. It's quite a trek from Tianjin (around 1 hour on the metro) as it is in the neighbouring Binhai Area. The Google maps location for it is wrong as of April 2018, so if you want to see it, search for 天津滨海图书馆 in Baidu maps. The library in inside a cultural centre that is currently (April 2018) still being built. SLR cameras aren't allowed inside, but there are free lockers for these, and smartphones are allowed inside.

* Tianjin Eye is a 120-metre (394 ft) tall giant Ferris wheel built above the Yongle Bridge (formerly Chihai Bridge) which straddles the Hai River. It is claimed to be the only such wheel to have been constructed over a bridge. Tianjin Eye has 64 exterior transparent capsules, ideal for 360º sightseeing. The ride takes about 40 minutes. It is able to see within a radius of 40 km on the top on a clear day. Avoid taking the ride in the evening. There isn't much of a view after sunset and you will likely be disappointed. 

* Tianjin Italian Town is also known as the Italian Concession which was built in 1902. The Italian Town was finished in 2005. It covers the area from Coast area to the Victory Road. Across the river from Italian Town lies the Ancient Culture Street, Peace Shopping and Pedestrian Street, Tianjin Financial Road, Little White CBD (小白楼) and Tianjin Municipal Government. Owning the unique location, the Italian Town is merged with different cultures. Here you can find the celebrities’ residences, chic bars, international restaurants, western art deco, etc. Among those buildings, the most famous are Liang Qichao’s Yinbin Room, Residence of Feng Guozhang, Residence of Cao Yu, Residence of Hua Shikui, First Worker Cultural Palace and Italian Military Camp.

Although the Italian Town is named after a street, actually it is a small town. The center of the town is the Macro Polo Plaza. The layout of the street is shaped like a chess board. Both sides of the street are decorated with lamp lights and green trees. In addition, the well preserved fences and other ancient buildings make the town full of Italian aroma.

The Free Path is the only pedestrian street in the Italian Town and most of the buildings are restaurants and bars which attracts many tourists. Most restaurateurs are from Apennines Peninsula. Here one can not only taste the real pizza, Italian pasta and other Italian aperitives, besides, he can also enjoy the Italian performances and other Italian clothes and handicraft exhibitions. There are 24-hour bars, cafés, restaurants, art museum and cinemas, attracting tourists from all over the world.

* It is a modern supertall skyscraper located in the Heping Business District of Tianjin, China, on the banks of the Hai River. The mixed-use tower is 336.9 metres (1,105 ft) tall and contains 74 floors above ground and 4 below, with an observation deck at 305.2 metres (1,001 ft). The area of the glass unitized curtain wall, manufactured by Jangho Group, is 215,000m². It is notable as the first office building in Tianjin to be equipped with double decker elevators.

* The monastery was first built in the Ming Dynasty, but has been heavily rebuilt and renovated since and consists now of the West Monestary from 1669 and the East Monastery from 1940. It is the largest and oldest in town covering 10,600 m² (114,000 ft²). The temple houses Tianjin Buddhist Institute and exhibits quite many ancient statues.The Dabei Buddhist Monastery is made up of two parts: old monastery and new monastery. The old monastery refers to the three great halls in the west yard. The construction of the old monastery was start in the beginning of Qing Dynasty, and was renovated in the eighth ruling year of Kangxi Emperor in Qing Dynasty. The east yard features in the new monasterys. The statue of Sakyamuni oblated in the Daxiong Palace from the east yard was created in Ming Dynasty. The whole Sakyamuni Statue is 7 meters high, 6 tons weight, with 9,999 small Buddha carved on the lotus throne. Inside the Great Compassion hall, a 3.6-meters-high-mud-statue of Thousand-hand Kwan-yin is oblate.

The monastery was once famous for holding a skull relic of Xuanzang, however, the relic was presented to India in 1956 when it was taken to Nalanda - allegedly by the Dalai Lama - and presented to India. The relic is now in the Patna museum. And from then on, Great Compassion monastery takes the image of Xuanzang Master instead of the spirit bones for the worship of the Buddhist.

There are memorials for Xuanzang Master and Hongyi Master in the east yard, while the west yard becomes an office for Cultural Relic Palace, Abbot Palace and Chinese Buddhism Association Tianjin Branch. In the Cultural Relic Palace of the west yard, there many collections from every dynasties since Wei and Jin Period including hundreds of Buddha statues which are made of various materials from bronze, iron, stone to wood.

Vegetarian Food
Dabei Great Monastery is the only monastery in Tianjin providing vegetarian food, so it's a good new for the vegetarian visitors. Food made by the famous Tianjin Dabei Buddhist Monastery Vegetarian Food Corporation are served in the monastery, which includes Longevity Perch present basket, soybean vegetarian, muti-vitamins-calcium noodles, deepfreeze eight precious vegetarian steamed-buns and vegetarian dumplings etc.

* 

* 

* The Hai River at Tianjin is formed by the confluence of five rivers, the Southern Canal, Ziya River, Daqing River, Yongding River, and the Northern Canal. The southern and northern canals are parts of the Grand Canal. The Southern Canal is joined by the Wei River at Linqing. The Northern Canal joins with the Bai He (or Chaobai River) at Tongzhou. The Northern Canal (sharing a channel with Bai He) is also the only waterway from the sea to Beijing. Therefore, early Westerners also called the Hai He the Bai He.

At Tianjin, through the Grand Canal, the Hai connects with the Yellow and Yangtze rivers. The construction of the Grand Canal greatly altered the rivers of the Hai He basin. Previously, the Wei, Ziya Yongding and Bai Rivers flowed separately to the sea. The Grand Canal cut through the lower reaches of these rivers and fused them into one outlet to the sea, in the form of the current Hai He.

**History
During the Boxer Rebellion, Imperial Chinese forces deployed a weapon called "electric mines" on June 15, at the Peiho river before the Battle of Dagu Forts (1900), to prevent the western Eight-Nation Alliance from sending ships to attack. This was reported by American military intelligence in the United States. War Dept. by the United States. Adjutant-General's Office. Military Information Division.

Like the Yellow River, the Hai is exceedingly muddy because of the powdery soil through which it flows. The silt carried by the water deposits in the lower reaches, sometimes causing flooding. The waters from the five major tributaries only have one shallow outlet to the sea, which makes such floods stronger. Because China's capital (and second largest city), Beijing, and the third largest city, Tianjin, both lie in the Hai He Basin, Hai He floods cause a significant loss. To alleviate flooding, reservoirs have been built and artificial channels dug to divert excess water directly into the sea. For example, the Chaobai river is diverted to the Chaobai Xin river and no longer joins with the Northern Canal.

* An important Temple of Confucius. Early Qing Dynasty temple with a hall to honour Confucius and other halls for prayers.

* Built in 1644 and constructed in wood. The mosque is still in use by the Tianjin Muslim community. Access for tourists to the interiour is limited.

* This church really stands out as architectural eye-candy. Constructed in 1917 by French Jesuit missionaries, this Tianjin landmark features three massive green domes making it easy to spot miles away. The façade adds to the building's novel appearance with a series of orange and brown horizontal stripes. The interior, damaged during the Cultural Revolution, was beautifully refurbished in the later half of the Twentieth Century. Today it is fully embraced as one of Tianjin's greatest buildings. Morning church services are held daily. An English language mass is held at 11:30. There is also an interesting market behind the church.

* The tower was originally built in the Ming Dynasty, but was destroyed during the culture revolution. The Drum Tower was rebuilt in 2001 and now actually houses a bell and not drums. The tower is home to varying exhibitions.

* The Tianjin Radio and Television Tower is a 415.2 m (1,362 ft) tower in Tianjin, China used primarily for communication. It was built in 1991 at a cost of $45 million. Approximately two-thirds up the tower is an observation pod with floor space 253m (830 feet) (used mostly for communication equipment). The fourth largest tower in the world. But this one might be the most spectacular as it is surrounded by water.

Parks
* It is the largest urban park and recreation area in Tianjin. The recreation area of the Tianjin Water Park has one of the city's highest ferris wheels. Visitors are also encouraged to travel on the lakes via rowing boats and high speed water shuttles. The park changes its theme according to season, for example, during spring there is the Tulip Show, and in autumn there is the Chrysanthemum Show.

* This park could easily elevate to shrine status, especially during spring when the trees and flowers begin to bloom with incomparable color. Ponds and pavilions linked by 29 arch bridges suffuse the entire park with a keen sense of serenity, making it the ideal spot for a quick city escape. The park's main feature, the Zhiyuan Pagoda, extends 244 feet high. It can be scaled by either stairs or elevator. Carved murals on the pagoda's inside walls are worthy of attention too.

* 

* 

* 

* The Tianjin Zoo is located in Nankai District, Tianjin, China, as the south-most part of the Water Park complex. Construction began in 1975 and it was opened to the public on January 1st, 1980. It houses approximately 3,000 animals of 200 species.

* 

* A large buidling where you can see a wide variety of fish and mammals from both the Northern and Southern polar regions such as, Penguins, Polar Bears, Whales, Seals, Wolves, a wide variety of marine life, etc. You can also check out the Dolphin performances that they have scheduled a few times a day. Click for bus routes near you 

Museums
* Tianjin Museum has modern exhibition halls with an area of 11,000 square meters as well as cultural and leisure facilities with multiple functions. It looks like a swan spreading its wings to fly from the lake surface. 
The Tianjin Museum has an extensive collection of ancient Chinese fine arts and exhibits on Tianjin's history. There are nearly 200,000 collections of art and relics, including calligraphy, paintings, bronzeware, ceramics, jadeware, seals, inkstone, Jiagu (bones or tortoise shells with inscriptions of the Shang Dynasty), coins, historic documents and relics of modern times.

* 

* 

* 

* The museum holds more than 1,000 historical pictures and a great deal of historical data, recording the history of Sino-foreign relationship for more than 400 years, from the middle of 16th century to the middle of 20th century. These pictures represent 15 countries, including Australia, Belgium, Britain, Canada, France, Holland, ndia, Italy, Israel, Japan, Germany, Russia, Switzerland, Israel and the US. There are also approximately 400 contemporary photographs.

* 

* Jingyuan Garden with a history of 80 years is a famous residence combining both Chinese and European architecture style. It is now one of the heritage sites under city protection and the important historic architecture under the protection the city of Tianjin.

Built in 1921, Jingyuan Garden, also named Qianyuan Garden, was the private residence of Lu Zongyu, minister-counselor to Japan appointed by the Northern Warlords’ Government. Later it was named by Puyi, the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty on July 1929 when he settled here with his wives. “Jing” means stillness in English and the garden was named by the emperor who tried to strengthen himself with noble spirit by living in a peaceful environment.

Jingyuan Garden with an area of 3360 square meters consists of three sets of courtyards, the front yard, the back yard and the side yard. The main building is a two-storied Spanish architecture. The first floor serves as a living room, a dining room, guest rooms and a kitchen, while the second floor as bedrooms, a library and a chamber. The exterior walls and balconies with projecting brims were used to add more room to the building.

In front of the garden will be built a garden, in which enormous poplars, pagoda trees and cloves are planted and some ponds and pavilions are constructed. Besides, a reception office, a kitchen, a garage and a tennis court will be built on the northeast side of the garden.

Jingyuan Garden integrates different architecture styles, such as Japanese and Spanish. The structure and material of gates are of typical Japanese style, simple and plain, while the low pitched roof and the detailed decoration are of obvious Spanish architecture style.

The garden is now displayed following its original arrangements of furniture and adornments. And there also exhibit some paper materials and photos related with the daily life and political life of Pu Yi, the last emperor.

* Early modern Chinese writer whose stories have been adapted into such films as Ang Li's "Lust, Caution". Zhang Ailing lived here during her early childhood years.

* 

* The three-story museum is dedicated to the memory of premier Zhou En-lai and his wife, Deng Yingchao, and features photos, documents and dioramas of significant events in their lives. The museum is located near the Tianjin Water Park.

* A large museum featuring the life of Huo Yuanjia (a historical figure played by Jet Li in the film "Fearless") and his contributions to China and Kungfu. The museum also displays a wide variety of weapons he collected. Just outside the museum is the tomb of Huo Yuanjia himself. Also surrounding the museum and residence is where you can find a professional wushu/kung fu school.

* Opened in 1997 this museum celebrates the Communist's victory over Kuomintang in January 1949. The clash involved more than one million soldiers and was one of four major battles fought between the two sides. Three major halls (Prelude, War History and Special Subjects) present vivid battle accounts through films, photos and paintings. There are also tanks, cannons and armored cars leftover from the war on display too. And in being true to form with all other Communist themed museums there are several statues of some of the party's most prominent leaders.

* The China House is a priceless building decorated with about 4,000 pieces of ancient porcelain, 400 pieces of jade stone carving, 20 tons of crystal and agate and million pieces of ancient Chinese ceramic chips. China house museum is a private museum which belongs to the Tianjin Yueweixian Cultural Industry and Investment group. It is built with more than 700,000,000 pieces of Chinese porcelain; 15000 ancient porcelain bows, dishes, and vases; 300 ancient porcelain-cat pillows; 300 stone lions; 300 marble sculptures; more 20 tons natural crystal, etc. Inside the museum there are 4 floors, filled with Chinese acient furniture, woodcarving, etc. All the exhibits are collected by the chairman of the museum, . 

The Porcelain House is located in a bustling area, close to the former residence of Zhang Xueliang, an instigator of the Xi’an incident and a patriotic hero in China. Originally a 100-year -old French style villa, the residence is a five-storied building with a total area of 3,000 square metres. Porcelain used to decorate the house can date back to the Han Dynasty. Visitors can almost find every type of porcelain from the house, which combines traditional Chinese architecture and western architecture.

On the roof of the house is embedded a 768-metre-long dragon relief made by over ten thousand pieces of porcelain and an eye-catching English word, ‘China’, with some Chinese characters and the flag of China on both sides. Inside the house there are many famous paintings comprised by ceramic chips, including the world famous painting, Mona Lisa. Besides, the walls of the house are named the ‘peace wall’, consisting of 635 vases made during Republic China and the late Qing Dynasty.

Streets and areas
* Street not only lined with shops and cafes but also with interesting architecture, including lots of copies of Qing Dynasty buildings. Some of the most interesting buildings are Tianhou Palace (天后宫; Tiānhòugōng; Mazu temple), Yuhuang Cabinet (玉皇阁; Yùhuánggé; Ming Dynasty building) and Tongqingli (large residential building). This street is worth a visit even if it is very touristy.
**Tianhou Palace (天后宫; Tiānhòugōng; Mazu temple), temple dedicated to the goddess Mazu and biggest in the North China region.

* Ancient cultural street full of cheap and tasty cafes.

* Running north-south a couple of streets back from the River Hai, this street is where colonial banks built their branches in Tianjin during the treaty-port era and will definitely be of interest to those interested in colonial architecture or history. Many of the buildings have been retained and are well-preserved, giving the street a distinctly European feel. No longer the central business district, it isn't a very busy street, with noticably less car and pedestrian traffic than other parts of the city, making it a good place to spend a couple of hours wandering. Most of the buildings now house local Chinese banks so feel free to have a look inside (though staff may object to photography) at the interiors, many of which feature original wooden panelling and stained glass. Also on the street is the 'Chinese Muesum of Finance' which is home to several interesting financial artifacts, including the only share certificate in existance featuring a picture of Mao Zedong. 

* One of the busiest shopping precincts in Tianjin.

* Lined with large English style homes, another cultural street in Tianjin.

* Binjiang Dao is Tianjin's main thoroughfare and shopping area. Ask some of the locals and they will try and compare it with the glitz and glamour of Shanghai's Nanjing Lu, possibly the most famous shopping area in the whole of China. With that in mind, it may seem that the people of Tianjin are making one hell of a claim. However, whilst Tianjin may still have quite a way to go in becoming the Shanghai of the north, Binjian does not deserve to be left in the shadows.
Making a serious comparison with Nanjing Lu may well be folly, but Binjiang does have several similar qualities. First, and possibly most striking, is the architecture. Like Shanghai, Tianjin also grew around a large colonial presence from Europe and America. Evidence of this is still relatively clear, if you can avert your eyes from the mesmerizing glare of neon signs, you will see that many of the buildings to which they are attached are of classical European design. Two glorious examples of this are the Xinhua bookstore and the city's main post office. Scratch away their rather boring modern-day uses and remove their bulky signs, and you discover two wonderful old buildings.

* The 183 km² Binhai New Area holds three administrative areas: Tanggu, Hangu and Dagang, as well as some towns.

Stadiums
* The stadium hosted games for the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup and Football preliminaries at the 2008 Summer Olympics. It covers 78,000 square meters and has a capacity of 60,000. It as a length of 380 meters, a width of 270 meters, and a height of 53 meters. The stadium is nicknamed "The Water Drop" because the outside of the venue was designed to resemble a drop of water. The stadium cost nearly 1,500,000,000 Yuan to build. The architects were AXS Satow.

* It is a professional football stadium in Tianjin, China, home of Tianjin Teda F.C. The stadium holds 37,450 people and was built in 2004. The stadium is located in the Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area (TEDA), and was designed by Peddle Thorp Architects, an Australian architecture firm.

Further away
* It is a small section of the Great Wall of China located in the north of Ji County, Tianjin municipality, approximately 78 miles (126 km) north of urban Tianjin city. The site lies on a steep and abrupt mountain ridge.

Huangya Pass was originally built over 1400 years ago in the Northern Qi Dynasty and reinforced with brick walls in the Ming Dynasty. In 1984, major repair work has been performed on over 3 kilometres of the wall including on 20 water towers and 1 water pass. The pass is a major tourist attraction within Tianjin and was listed as a site of relics protection in 1986.

**Overwhelming: With its walls and towers built on mountain ridge with an average altitude of 738 meters, the Huangyaguan is really overwhelming. To the east there is the cliff, and the west, crags. It winds its way across mountains like a dragon. Guarding a stronghold, it has been the north entrance of Jinxian.

**Striking: On the mountains with peaks rising one higher than another, the Great wall jumps its way up and down as a linkage between the cliff and crags. Since the mountain is sloppy, the steps are very high. In some sections, it looks like that the wall is running straight up or down. When you look down, you will feel dizzy at the sight.

Scenic: On Huangyaguan, you will be able to enjoy both mountain scenery and waterfalls and springs.

Old: With a history of over 1400 years, the ancient walls was first build in Beiqi, and reserved well until today. In Ming Dynasty, it was added with walls made of bricks.

How to get there: There are tourist bus available every weekend at the Northeast Bus Station of Tianjin and there are also buses available from the Tianjin Railway Station, but fewer. Worth a visit for its water run-off controls, well-preserved towers, challenging hiking and striking scenery.

* It is a market town located in the western suburbs of the municipality of Tianjin. Despite its relatively small size, it has been named since 2006 in the "World famous historical and cultural market towns".

It is best known in China for creating nianhua or Yangliuqing woodcuts. For more than 400 years, Yangliuqing has in effect specialised in the creation of these woodcuts for the New Year, using vivid colour schemes to portray traditional scenes of children's games often interwoven with auspiciouse objects.

* The temple is of historical as well as architectural significance. Its oldest surviving buildings are two timber-frame structures, the front gate and the central hall (pavilion) that houses a colossal clay statue of the goddess Guanyin (Avalokiteśvara). Both structures date back to the Liao Dynasty and are among the oldest surviving wooden buildings in China.

* The first fort was built during the reign of the Ming Jiajing Emperor between 1522 and 1527. Its purpose was to protect Tianjin from attack by wokou sea raiders.

Later, in 1816, the Qing government built the first two forts on both sides of the Haihe estuary in response to increased concerns about seaborne threats from the West. By 1841, in response to the First Opium War, the defensive system in Dagukou was reinforced into a system of five big forts, 13 earthen batteries, and 13 earthworks. In 1851, Imperial Commissioner Sengge Rinchen carried out a comprehensive renovation of the forts, building 6 large forts: two on the south of the estuary, called "Wēi" (威-Might) and "Zhèn"(震-Thunder, Tremor, Quake), three to the north, "Hǎi"(海-sea), "Mén"(门-gate) "Gāo" (高-high), and the sixth, the "Shitoufeng" (石头缝-Stone Seam) Fort, was built on a small ridge on the northern shore. Each fort had 3 large guns and 20 small caliber guns. Forts were constructed of wood, brick and an external curtain of two feet of concrete, the layering designed to avoid spalling and minimize artillery rounds' penetration. The forts were around 10 to 15m high, which located as they were in an exceedingly flat landscape, provided a critical vantage point.

* It is a mountain in Ji County, Tianjin Municipality, People's Republic of China. It is located 120 kilometres (75 mi) from Tianjin and 90 kilometres (56 mi) from Beijing. It has an area of 20 square kilometers and its highest peak is 858 meters above the sea level.

* 

* 

*The Chaoyin Temple was built on 1404 (Ming Dynasty). It used to be called Nanhaidasi Temple or Shuangshan Temple. It faces the Hai River Mouth at Dagu and is one the few temples that faces east. It is the only cultural relics in the south of Tanggu District that opens to outside world.

* The master plan of Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city was jointly developed by the China Academy of Urban Planning and Design, the Tianjin Urban Planning and Design Institute, and the Singapore planning team led by the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Singapore. The intention is for development to take place around a central core of conserved ecological wetlands and rehabilitated water bodies. The main centre of the Eco-city will be located on the southern bank of a historical thousand-year-old river course, which has been planned for a variety of uses, including commercial, cultural and recreational ones.

Culture

People from urban Tianjin speak Tianjin dialect, which comes under the Mandarin subdivision of spoken Chinese. Despite its proximity to Beijing, Tianjin dialect sounds quite different from Beijing dialect, which provides the basis for Putonghua, the official spoken language of the People's Republic of China.

Tianjin is a respected home base of Beijing opera, one of the most prestigious forms of Chinese opera.

Tianjin is famous for its Xiangsheng (相声) stand up comic crosstalk and comedians including Guo Degang and Ma Sanli. Ma Sanli (马三立) (1914–2003), an ethnic Hui and longtime resident of Tianjin, is renowned for his xiangsheng, a hugely popular form of Chinese entertainment similar to comedy. Ma Sanli delivered some of his xiangsheng in the Tianjin dialect. Tianjin, along with Beijing, is a center for the art of xiangsheng.

Yangliuqing (Green Willows), a town about 15 km west of Tianjin's urban area and the seat of Tianjin's Xiqing District, is famous for its popular Chinese New Year-themed, traditional-style, Yangliuqing colourful wash paintings (杨柳青年画). Tianjin is also famous for Zhang's clay figurines (泥人张) which are a type of colourful figurine depicting a variety of vivid characters, and Tianjin's Wei's kites (风筝魏), which can be folded to a fraction of their full sizes, are noted for portability.

Worship

Tianjin has a Buddhist Temple of Great Compassion, a Catholic St. Joseph’s Cathedral (Laoxikai Church), a Catholic Our Lady of Victory Church (Wanghailou Church), a Tianjin Jewish Synagogue and a Roman Catholic Diocese of Tianjin.

Do
There are a number of attractions of interest to the foreign travelers, in particular the colonial architectures and streetscapes that are a vestige of Tianjin's legacy as a treaty port. The architecture is concentrated in three main areas: Wu Da Dao(五大道), Jiefang Road North(解放北路) and the Italian Town(意大利风情旅游区) located to the west of the train station (see the previous section). All of these areas are fairly compact and flat, lending themselves well to walking tours.

* Have a Jiangzi, Jianbing Guozi and Lao Doufu breakfast in Dafulai
* Spend a summer afternoon on the Race Course Road (Machang Dao)
* Listen an opera or comic Xiangsheng in New Guyi Street
* Recall the celebrities teahouse on Xinhua Road
* Interact with the common Tianjineses in Yanyue Teahouse
* Listen a comic by Guodegang in Deyunshe
* Taste the famous Kissling and its Brasserie
* Feel a traditional large banquet of rich Tianjinese and see the rickshaw in Restaurant 1928
* Go to the Chenggui Restaurant in a rainy evening
* Have a seafood meal in Youpeng
* Taste the old Tianjin in Red Flag Restaurant
* Live in the history of the Astor Hotel
* Expose yourself to the Hanging Garden of the Renaissance Hotel

Learn
Mandarin and is most often spoken in Tianjin. Learning a few of the city bus routes for popular destinations may be useful.

Colleges and universities

Under the National Ministry of Education:

* Nankai University (南开大学) (founded 1919，one of the most prestigious universities in China) 
* Tianjin University (天津大学) (founded 1895, oldest university in China) 

Under the municipal government:

* Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts (天津美术学院) 
* Tianjin Agricultural College (天津农学院) 
* Tianjin Conservatory of Music (天津音乐学院) 
* Tianjin Foreign Studies University (天津外国语大学) 
* Tianjin Institute of Physical Education (天津体育学院) 
* Tianjin Medical University (天津医科大学) 
* Tianjin Normal University (天津师范大学) 
* Tianjin Polytechnic University (天津理工大学) 
* Tianjin University of Commerce (天津商业大学) 
* Tianjin University of Finance & Economics (天津财经大学) 
* Tianjin University of Science & Technology (天津科技大学) 
* Tianjin University of Technology (天津工业大学) 
* Tianjin University of Technology and Education (天津职业技术师范学院) 
* Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (天津中医药大学) 
* Tianjin Urban Construction Institute (天津城市建设学院)

Under the government of Hebei Province:

* Hebei University of Technology (河北工业大学) (founded 1903, the earliest institute of technology in China) 

Under the national Civil Aviation Authority:

* Civil Aviation University of China (中国民航大学) 

Foreign institutions:

* The Florida International University Tianjin Center, opened in 2006 as a cooperative venture between the municipal government and the Miami-based university. 
* The Great Wall MBA Program, Oklahoma City University Meinders School of Business, established in 1986 on the campus of Tianjin University of Finance & Economics.
Note: Institutions without full-time bachelor programs are not listed.

Work

* There are many opportunities for English speakers to work as an "English Language Instructor" in Tianjin.
* There is an international consulting company called BOXINVES managed by foreigners that provide free assistance to find a full or part time job, and offer internship programs in their group of companies in China.

Buy

Tianjin has both modern shopping malls and distinctive traditional stores, for shopping delight. Binjiang Dao Business Street and Heping Lu Business Street are the busiest and most prosperous shopping centres in Tianjin. Most of the top shopping malls or department stores can be found on these two streets. Optionally, buy a good translator. Also, most restaurants have a picture menu where you can point and order. You could also learn the hand gestures for numbers that sellers and buyers occasionally use for negotiating. Always carry a pen and paper too.

There are other large shopping districts where only local people shop. You will be a novelty in those areas, but you do not need to be nervous. You will probably get some great deals because even the inflated tourist prices in Tianjin are half what what they are in Beijing. Add in some friendly bargaining, and you will feel like the Champion Shopper of the World!

* The most famous shopping district. You'll find many big malls here with smaller Chinese stores as well as international brands like Zara, H&M, Nike, etc. There's a few other stores around Nanjing Road nearby, as well as a market behind the Xikai Church. The major shopping centres will all have food courts in the basement levels.
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* Has a lot of souvenirs and trinkets, but you must know (or learn) how to . A small silk handbag is worth ¥12-20; a set of 4-6 chopstick sets is worth about ¥50-60 in Beijing and about ¥35-45 in Tianjin; large dolls are worth about ¥80-120 depending on how excited you seem to the seller.

Tianjin is famous for the following products:

* Buy from the best at the many authentic Chinese tea houses in Tianjin.

* Tianjin is famous for its high quality ceramics. These are a great souvenir to take home.

* Biggest antiques market in China, this is a place that is a must see on any travelers list. Shenyang Dao Antique Market is filled with all kinds of shops selling porcelain items, paintings, gold, silver, copper, jade, etc.

Eat

Tianjin cuisine places a heavy focus on seafood, due to Tianjin's proximity to the sea. Prominent menus include the Eight Great Bowls (八大碗), a combination of eight mainly meat dishes. It can be further classified into several varieties, including the rough (粗), smooth (细), and high (高). The Four Great Stews (四大扒) actually refers to a very large number of stews, including chicken, duck, seafood, beef, and mutton.

Tianjin also has several famous snack items. Goubuli Baozi (狗不理包子) is a famous and traditional brand of Baozi(steamed stuffed bun) that is famous throughout China. Guifaxiang Mahua (桂发祥麻花) is a traditional brand of mahua (fried dough twist). Erduoyan Zhagao (耳朵眼炸糕) is a traditional brand of Zhagao, or fried rice cakes.

Tianjinese, don't leave without trying
The most famous restaurants in Tianjin include:

* Steamed buns restaurant also serving other dishes.

* Different flower tea with fruits and some fruits tea etc 

* 

* 

Other options include:
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

Budget
* 

* 

* 

Mid-range
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

Splurge
* 

* 

* 

* Fine dining available at one of three top quality restaurants available onsite.

* Great Indian food, cooked in a traditional Indian tandoor clay oven by Indian chefs.

Seafood
* 

* 

Japanese
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

Korean
* 

Western
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* An excellent place to eat simple western food like hamburgers, fries, and pizzas. During the day, it is a nice and quiet place to study while you eat lunch. At night time, it's a very lively place for foreign expats to get drunk. Free Wi-Fi is available.

* Western food with good reputation.

* A great inexpensive Thai restaurant offering a wide selection of beers. A great place to visit during the Thai Water Splashing festival in the spring!

* At Aulare, you can experience Latin, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian and South and Central American flavors.

Southeast Asia
* Well decorated Thai restaurant where the environment is cozy and modern. All food is authentically made by a Thai chef, without MSG or artificial additives. They've got a beautiful yard and nice terrace with a good view.

Barbecue
* 

* 

* Does exactly what it says on the tin and has an enthusiastic, if slightly kitschy Filipino band providing live music as you munch.

International
* Featuring international cuisine and foreign student clientele close to the Nankai University campus, which has a whole range of dishes such as pasta, pizza, salad, etc.

Bakery
* 

* 

Drink

There are a number of expat bars catering to the visiting business community, most of which can be a little expensive (more than ¥25 for a small bottle of beer) so if you like something a bit more laid back and comfortable.

As far as clubs go, Tianjin is a big university city both for Chinese and foreign students so there are lots of places for dancing. The music policy tends to be mostly Western and Chinese dance, pop and hip hop/R&B, so if you have more alternative tastes in music the clubs are possibly not for you.

* 

* 

* 

* Basement of Olympic Hotel, rather nice environment with good service.

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* Good Western food, cheap beer and table football. There is also a newly constructed Number 10 Downing Street themed private dining room for hire at the back. Also provides free internet access.

* More up-market and therefore slightly more pricey but a good place to hang out nonetheless. Thet have a good selection of draught beers and live music.

* Very similar to pubs you might find in an English suburban town except the clientele are predominately Chinese. There is also a very kitsch Filipino band in residence here. Great fun and unpretentious. Has recently received some very poor reviews by expats in Tianjin.

* Was popular 2-3 years ago, but soon went down because of the DJ's who played there.

*An American owned coffee house providing coffees, teas and pastries, as well as regular art and cultural events.
* Steaks, pizza, hamburgers, cold beer & other drinks. A good family and foreigners' meeting place. Cable TV via Hong Kong and Slingbox from America. Is the only place in Tianjin that shows NFL football playoffs, and hosts a Super Bowl party.

Sleep

*Tianjin Saixiang Hotel was opened in August, 2008. A 5-star luxury business hotel ideally located as the symbolized architecture in the centre of Tianjin New Technology Industrial Park-Huayuan Area. Hotel stands with committee of THIP and much closer to Tianjin Nankai University, Tianjin University, Toyota Motor Technical Center(China) Co., Ltd, and many international companies and high-education institutes. The hotel is surrounded by beautiful environment and conveniently access to your destination. 
Budget

*Tianjin HOPEWAY BUSINESS HOTEL featuring free WiFi and a restaurant, Hopeway Hotel offers accommodation in Tianjin.

Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen TV. Certain units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day. You will find a kettle in the room. All rooms are fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower. For your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.

You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.

Binjiang Avenue shopping street is 4.2 km from Hopeway Hotel, while Five Main Avenues is 4.4 km away. The nearest airport is Tianjin Binhai International Airport, 9 km from Hopeway Hotel.

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* A courtyard-style hotel.

* 

* 

Mid range
*Tianjin Saixiang Hotel was opened in August, 2008. A 5-star luxury business hotel ideally located as the symbolized architecture in the centre of Tianjin New Technology Industrial Park-Huayuan Area. Hotel stands with committee of THIP and much closer to Tianjin Nankai University, Tianjin University, Toyota Motor Technical Center(China) Co., Ltd, and many international companies and high-education institutes. The hotel is surrounded by beautiful environment and conveniently access to your destination. 

Tianjin Saixiang Hotel has total of 370 luxury guest rooms with different size from 36sqm to 306sqm, featuring a Chinese, Western, Japanese food and Lobby Lounge, Executive Lounge. There are nine multi-functional convention rooms with 60sqm to 850 sqm to ensure your events successful by offering advanced equipments and personalized services. The hotel also has many recreation and entertainment facilities such as indoor Swimming Pool, Gymnasium, Squash Court, Tennis Court, Ping Pong, KTV and SPA.
* Regarded as a major national historical relic preservation project. It combines British classic architectural style with modern amenities. It is comprised of two wings, be sure to check out one of the rooms in the old wing for a true Old World experience. The lobby can pass as a history museum lined with murals, plaques and other interesting finds.

* You will not be able to miss this hotel, which looks like two beached cruise ships moored up against a lake. Has a good variety of features and amenities, but its location is a bit out of the way.

* Four star hotel located in an ideal location, within easy access to the business and entertainment areas. The hotel provides Chinese and Western cuisine as well as offering a gym, jacuzzi and gift shop.

* Built in 1922, the rooms have high ceilings and a bit of a classic feel. In-room internet is ¥10 per day. Staff English ability is a bit low.

* 

* Literally directly across the street from The Eye.

* 

* 

* Close to the Central Business District and surrounded by streets with restaurants, shops and entertainment. Offes Studio to 3-Bedroom serviced apartment units with state-of-the-art facilities and a range of personalized services.

* Located in the financial area hub.

* 

Splurge

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* Offering deluxe accommodations and superior facilities, it has a pool, fitness centre and meeting facilities.

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* International 5 star hotel that is nicely decorated and equipped with modern facilities. All rooms are equipped with air-conditioning, satellite TV, IDD telephone, internet access, mini bar and 24-hour room service.

* 

* The property offers 224 luxurious apartments fitted with air-conditioning, a fully equipped kitchen, separate living and dining areas, high-speed in-room Wi-Fi, and home entertainment systems.

Stay safe
Tianjin is known to be as safe as any city in China. Safety is really not a big issue in Tianjin.

Generally you do not have to be too concerned about personal safety in China if you just follow the basics you would at home. Girls generally say they are happy to walk anywhere in the main city areas where there are lights. But if you come out of a night club drunk, you are an obvious target.

1) If you are going to a nightclub, it's best advised to avoid loud and anti-social behaviour. Chinese really don't appreciate this sort of behaviour. However, at places like Rainbow Bar, rowdy behaviour from foreigners is more acceptable.

2) Unlike Beijing, many tourist places, museums, temples and the Ancient Culture shopping areas close from 3-5 pm onwards.

3) There are several pedestrian bridge crossing but few tunnel crossings like Beijing. Many people cross at traffic lights or zebra crossiing. But generally especially since the roads are wide and new due to recent construction, road crossing should be done with care.

4) Follow the locals but do not take unnecessary risks.

5) Make sure your cab driver turns on the meter. Many try to take a foreigner to their destination and over charge them. If they do not turn it on either ask them to stop and get a new cab or refuse to pay at the end. Cheating Hotline: +86 22 23549000

6) Being a new train station, there is a bit of confusion when getting out of the Tianjin Station to your next connection. There is a taxi and bus hub. At the same time, there are many offering transport or day tours. It is ilegal and it is better to wait until you find a travel agency or use the public bus or meter taxi to get to your next destination. If you really want to get one, the price is generally below ￥30 to the downtown.

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Tianjin Useful Contact
 ! Number
|-
| Police || 110
|-
| Fire || 119
|-
| Telephone Numbers || 114
|-
| Weather || 121
|-
| Municipal First-Aid Center || 120
|-
| Foreign Affairs Office of Police || 7216795
|-
| Supervisory Office of Tourism Quality || 28358814, 28358812
|-
| Tianjin Binhai International Airport || 24901689
|-
| Railway Inquiry || 26180114
|-
| EMS || 185
|-
| UPS || 23246908
|-
| DHL || 24303388
|-
| FedEx || 84255183, 84255193
|}

International hospitals

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! International hospitals for foreigners in Tianjin !! 
|-
| Tianjin International SOS Clinic || This is Tianjin's premier foreign service medical clinic, offering emergency medicine, vaccinations, radiology, onsite pharmacy and foreign, English-speaking doctors with Korean and Japanese translators available. Doctors are on call 24 hours. Western prices.
|-
| Tianjin Clinic || Address: 1F Sheraton Hotel Apartment Building, Zi Ji Shan Road, He Xi District, Tianjin
Hours: Monday to Friday 9am - 6pm, Saturday 9am - 6pm 
Tel: +86 (0)22 2352 0143
|-
| Tianjin TEDA Clinic || Address: 102-C2 MSD, No.79 1st Avenue TEDA, Binhai New Area, Tianjin
Hours: Monday to Friday 9am - 5.30pm 
Tel: (022) 6537 7616 
Website: 
|-
| Liberation Army No.464 Hospital || No.464 Hospital is the government-appointed treatment center for foreign nationals, as well as the primary emergency hospital for victims of traffic accidents. 
Add: 47-1 Liqizhuang, Nankai District, Tianjin 
Tel: 022-84632888
|-
| Tianjin United Family Hospital and Clinics || United Family Healthcare (UFH) is a foreign-invested healthcare provider operating in China, with subsidiaries in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Wuxi, and Tianjin.
Add: No. 22 Tianxiaoyuan, Tanjiang Road, Hexi District, Tianjin 300221 
Emergencies (022) 5856 8555, Main Phone (022) 5856 8500

|-
| Aichi International Dental Centre || International-standard dental care in a clean, sanitary environment. Doctors are highly trained, gentle, friendly, and some speak fair English. 

No.1 Branch 
Add: 117 Qiongzhou Lu, Hexi District, Tianjin 
Tel: 022-83817666/83817927 
Opening hours: Mon-Fri: 9:00-21:00; Sat-Sun: 9:00-17:00 

No.2 Branch 
Add: 211 Cuiheng Square, Disan Jie, Tianjin TEDA 
Tel: 022-66291079
|}

Contact

Tianjin Post

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

International Banks

Though credit and debit cards are gradually becoming more widely accepted at department stores and supermarkets most stores and all attractions still operate on a cash-only basis and only the very largest or most expensive shops accept foreign credit cards. It's generally best to ensure that you have a decent amount of cash on hand when going out. ATMs are located at virtually all bank branches, and most (though not all) of the large banks now accept foreign debit or credit cards. Bank of China branches all have the ability to take cards from foreign banks, and most offer English instructions. For more advanced financial transactions (converting currency or travellers checks, for instance) the best places to go are the Bank of China branch.

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

Get out