Villahermosa is the capital city of the state of in .

Understand
Recently the city became rich because oil has been found in the area. The search for oil resulted also in the finding of artifacts of the Olmec culture.

Get in

By plane
Carlos Rovirosa Pérez International Airport (VSA) is a 15 min drive from the city and is a small international Airport with not so many connections. Some main flights are Mexico City, Merida, Monterrey, Cancun, Houston, and Panama City.

By car
The city lies at the highways 180 and 195.

By bus
Inter-city bus service is available to surrounding cities including and on Grupo ADO.

Get around
By bus

There are two main streets in Villahermosa, Av. Gregorio Mendez and Av. 27 de Febrero, these are the two main routes for public transportation.
Mini-buses and especially combis (refurbished small VW vans) are widely used by locals at a price of 5.5 pesos. Stops are fixed as well as routes. Feel free to ask (in Spanish) the driver if he is going close to your destination. You will see destinations written on the windshields.

By taxi
People also rely on a network of collective taxis. As a tourist, you should ask the driver if he is going by your destination. Prices vary by distance but a 10-15 minute ride should be around 20 pesos in a yellow taxi and 40 pesos in a white taxi.

Taxis are collective but in no way have pre-established routes. You tell the driver where you want to go and if the taxi is empty he should take you and if during the way to your destination someone else happens to go somewhere close to where you are going he will hop in the taxi and continue. It is advisable then to always try and sit in the front seat. About prices, anywhere in the city is 20 pesos in a yellow taxi, 40 pesos in a white taxi. It doesn't matter where in the city you are going. Many Taxis will stop even if they have a passenger, and ask you where you are going. If you are headed in the same direction or near the same direction as the original passenger, he will take you as well. You do not get a discount if he has a passenger, the price is the same.

Currently most taxis do not allow passengers in the front seat and don't work collective. The far for a ride in town or from the bus station to town is a more or less fixed 40 pesos per car.

See
* The museum, situated in a park, is one of the biggest tourist attractions in Villahermosa. La Venta is a swamp area north of the city. Scientists found pieces of the culture whilst drilling for oil. A lot of exhibits connected to the Olmec culture can be seen there. For example one of four really big stone heads. They also have some animals in the park. Make sure you wear long clothes and use a mosquito repellent.

* The planetarium is part of a cultural center. Also located nearby is a big shopping mall and the city hall.

Do

* The park is located at the corner of Paseo Tabasco and Av. Ruiz Cortines. The La Venta Museum is in this park. Entrance to the park itself is free, and it contains a large laguna where you can see various types of birds, raccoons, and alligators (the latter in a fenced off area).

* Yumka is a ecologic reservation with a size of 101 hectars. You can find there three ecosystems which are also present in Tabasco. Savanna, a lagoon and forest with all the animals normally living there. Every tour takes about 30 minutes. Afterwards, you can relax in a recreational area. Apparently only Spanish is spoken.

*This is an easy way to villahermosa without Driving. Adalberto Vazquez Gomez Leads The office that rents bikes, and they have special pricing for contacting them directly from the website. The tandem bikes are great!

Buy
The main shopping mall is found in the area known as Tabasco 2000 and called now Galerias. It hosts the department store Liverpool and other small shops.

You can find big malls located at Paseo Usumacinta and Periferico Carlos Pellicer Camara (Plaza Villahermosa) and another one at Avenida Ruiz Cortinez and Periferico Carlos Pellicer Camara (near Cinepolis).

Also there are many stores which sell small souvenirs from the Olmec culture.

If you go directly into the city center, west of Avenida Jose Maria Pino Suarez and north of the city's palacio, you will find a rather big pedestrian-only shopping area with lots of stores, restaurants and a few hotels. This area is called Zona Luz - Centro Historico y Commercial.

Eat
The area features a distinctive cuisine, particularly featuring seafood, and the prices are typically affordable.There are many iconic restaurants in the area, such as ":El rincon Tabasqueño". 

Aguas frescas are refreshing in the hot weather and you should try the well-known Horchata la Catedral, on Paseo Tabasco across from the Cathedral, for Esquimos or Horchata.

Budget
A lot of cheap, good mexican restaurants can be found downtown at the Avenida Pino Suarez. Also, if you are in the ADO central bus station and want to eat well-prepared food, next to it a small restaurant called Los Comales can be found.

Mid-range

Splurge

Drink
VH, Buddah Khan, Bfore, Underground

Sleep
If you are, by any chance, near the bus stop and you need a bed for the night, think twice if you want to go to the Hotel Palomino Palace nearby. It is really expensive, loud and the rooms are not very clean. Take rather a taxi into the center.

Budget
Interestingly, those budget hotels are located in the center. There are more hotels located downtown. If you don't like those ones listed here, you can find surely one which is not too expensive.

* This hotel is located at one of the busier streets in the city. Nonetheless the prices are very reasonable.

* This hotel is located right in the city center. But not at an loud street but right in the shopping district. Offer a little cheaper accommodation if you ask kindly.

Mid-range
* This place, located close to the river and downtown, offers very good service, clean rooms and a friendly staff. The rooms have air-conditioning, wireless internet and a safe.

* The suites have besides the normal stuff like a bed, a TV and a bathroom a small kitchen with a refrigerator, cooker and a microwave. All the rooms have a/c. Internet and laundry service is available.

Splurge

* Hilton Villahermosa & Conference Center. Adolfo Ruiz Cortines Ote Km 12.8, Villahermosa. Tel: 52-993-313-6800. 

* 207 rooms and suites featuring garden, swimming pool or city views, sitting area, work area with high-speed internet access and granite bath. Regency Club lounge for private check-in / checkout, dedicated concierge, free continental breakfast, evening cocktails and canapés. 

Contact
You can find some internet cafes in the city. If you need it, there is one located close to the ADO bus station under the Hotel Palomino Palace.

Stay safe

Get out

* - Campeche, part of UNESCO world heritage, has a refurbished city center. But still, around you can find the typical mexican city parts.
* - It is famous for Mayan ruins.
* - Located not too far away, another country is waiting to be explored.