Voronezh is a city in , ca. 250 km from the border, in the heart of . It is located on the Voronezh river and is an important railway junction with lines to , and . Due to its relatively large population (ca. 1.024.000), it is often considered as the capital of .

Get in

By plane

Relatively small Voronezh-Chertovitskoye International Airport () with several connections to and flights to , , etc, provided by Polet Airlines 

By train

Many trains to and from Moscow every day. The most suitable options are the day train no. 45 (less than 8 hours) and the night trains nos. 25 and 81/83. You can also travel to and from other Russian and Ukranian cities. The main station is Voronezh 1, but most of the trains going to the south via Voronezh stop only at Pridacha station, which has marshrutka connection with the city centre.

By bus

The cost of the bus from Moscow is approximately the same as the cheapest train ticket (and the latter provides more comfortable travel conditions). You can catch a bus to Voronezh near Moscow Paveletskaya train station. In Voronezh the bus stops near Pyramide (Pamyatnik) and terminates near Voronezh 1 train station.

By car

Voronezh is about 500km south of Moscow on the M4 motorway.

Get around

The public transport includes buses, marshrutkas and a small quantity of trolley-buses and trams. A funny option is the yellow buses Народный маршрут (Folk´s route). It costs nothing, and the network covers most of the city, but they are very rare.

See

Prospekt Revolyutsii, or simply Prospekt (a Russian word for avenue) is the epicenter of Voronezh's life. It has many beautiful and/or historical buildings, including the former Hotel Bristol.

The monument Kitten from Lizyukova street.

The Annunciation Cathedral (finished in 2009, 4th tallest Orthodox church in the world, being topped by probably the largest cross in Europe; surrounded by a fence with Soviet symbols).

The office of South-Eastern Railways (SERW), in Russian: YU-VE-ZHE-DE.

The Lenin Square. 

The park Koltsovskiy skver.

Monuments to such writers and poets as Koltsov, Nikitin, Mandelshtam, Esenin, Pushkin, Platonov, Bunin; to Lenin and tsar Peter the Great.

The Admiralteyskaya square with the old church where Peter the Great baptized his ships.

Akatov women's monastery.

Various Orthodox churches.

Do

Visit the Puppet Theater and the Kamerny (Russian for "chamber") Theatre.

Buy

The shopping centers include Grad (one of the largest in Russia), Mezhdunarodny (in the very centre of the city), Arena, Maximir, Yugo-Zapad, Tvoy Dom, Metro, Moskovskiy Prospekt, Armada, Solnechnyy Ray, Petrovskiy Passage, Aksioma, mbdo(gallery chizoba).

Souvenirs can also be bought on Prospekt (e.g. in Liki Voronezha shop). 
Apart from matryoshkas etc., a good local one is the Kitten from Lizyukova street.

Eat

You can find an appropriate restaurant or fast-food, but (if you don't eat everything) it requires some time. If you need a supermarket in the center of the city, you may go to the Soviet style Utyuzhok, modern Poisk shopping center or Tsentrtorg supermarket in the midway between Utyuzhok and SERW.
The well-known restaurants are:

Restaurant Plaza, European and Russian tel:+7 (473) 269–58–97

Stary Gorod, Russian and European

Irish pub

Tanuki, Japanese

Furusato, Japanese

Pivasiy, Russian

Burger Haus, German

Tiflis, Georgian and European

Praga, Russian, Czech and French

Chernogoriya, Yugoslavian

Mediterra, European

Dolce Vita, coffee

Drink

Lipetskaya Mineral Water discovered by Peter the Great (you can find it in Moscow as well, but here it would be an almost local drink). Fair vodka is produced in Voronezh and the small city of Buturlinovka. The local beer is not very good. Some grapes grow in the area, but there is no wine industry, some people make small amounts of home wine.

Sleep

2* - 5* hotels are available. 
----
Art Hotel 5* -
* 
Yar 4* -
Petrovskiy Passage 4* (in the centre) -
Sputnik 3* -
Rossiya 3* (in the centre) -
Faraon 3* -
Premium Hotel 3* -
Brno 3* 
(in the centre)
* 

Contact
Benefit Plaza Congress Hotel 4* www.benefitplaza.ru +7 (473) 269-58-99
394005, г. Воронеж, 
ул. Владимира Невского, 29
ресепшен: +7 (473) 269–58–99
ресторан: +7 (473) 269–58–97
факс: +7(473) 269-52-52
эл.почта: hotel@benefitplaza.ru
 

Get out

Local destinations

Ramon castle of Princess Oldenburgskaya.

Divnogorye reserve and cultural landscape (competed for ).

Zadonsk (an Orthodox pilgrimage destination: monastery and more).

Khrenovoe stables.

Kostenki, plenty of cultural remains of modern humans up to 50000 years old!

Voronezh reserve (beavers etc.).

Earl Venevitinov Estate.

Further destinations

, mud and balneological resort, an industrial hub, centre of an oblast.

, centre of an oblast.

, centre of an oblast.

, centre of an oblast.

, the symbol of Russian "glubinka" (provincial "depths").

Stanitsa (the State Museum-Reserve of M. Sholokhov, author of And Quiet Flows the Don).

, an old-fashioned city.

, the second largest city in Voronezh oblast (after Voronezh).

.