Warsaw (Polish: Warszawa) is the capital of and, with 1.86 million inhabitants, its largest city. It is located on the Vistula River (Polish: Wisła), roughly equidistant (350 km, 217 mi) from both the Baltic Sea (Bałtyk) in the north and the Carpathian Mountains (Karpaty) in the south.

 Districts 

 Understand 
History
The medieval capital of Poland was the southern city of Krakow, but Warsaw has been the capital of the country since 1596, and has grown to become Poland's largest city and the nation's urban and commercial center. Completely destroyed by the Nazis during World War II, the city lifted itself from the ashes. Today, almost every building in Warsaw dates to the postwar era — with what little remains of the old structures being confined largely to the restored districts of Stare Miasto (the 'old city') and Nowe Miasto ('new city'), as well as selected monuments and cemeteries, plus midwar modernist districts Ochota and Żoliborz.

Warsaw Uprising

In 1939 the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany cooperated in the invasion and occupation of Poland only to strike against one another in 1941. A thriving European capital, Warsaw was occupied by Nazi Germany from 1939, and was the scene of two major uprisings:

The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising of 1943 (by remaining inhabitants of the Jewish Warsaw Ghetto), and 

The Warsaw Uprising of 1944 (by Polish resistance forces)

After five years under Nazi occupation, in 1944 the tide of war started to turn against the Third Reich. Soviet forces were approaching from the East, and so the leaders of Polish resistance movement confronted the choice of either liberating the capital or allowing for dubious Soviet 'liberation'.

The Uprising formally began on August 1, 1944 at 5PM. Fighting continued until October 5, 1944 when the Home Army and its allied organizations surrendered. In the first days of fighting, Nazis murdered about 60,000 civilians, including women and children. In total, the Uprising claimed lives of 180,000 civilians, and 18,000 insurgents. Polish fighters were outnumbered and outgunned as they hardly received any support from the Allies(the Soviet Union denied them airfields on the territories it controlled). The Soviet Union purposely allowed the Warsaw Uprising to fail. 

Notwithstanding the terms of surrender, Nazis destroyed over 85% of Warsaw. Out of almost 1,000 historically and culturally important buildings only 64 survived. Polish soldiers were sent to concentration camps. Some of Warsaw's civilians were sent to concentration camps, others to Germany for forced labor or to different Polish cities. Once the entire city was turned into ashes, its inhabitants killed, its leaders killed or imprisoned, Soviet forces entered the city to establish a puppet government that would control postwar Poland for the next 50 years.

Post-World War II

The city was rebuilt in the immediate aftermath of the war, and the monolithic gray apartment blocks that characterize much of the city (especially its outer areas) are a relic of the Stalinist utilitarianism that dominated the rebuilding efforts. A typical example of the Stalinist architecture is the monolithic Palace of Culture (palac kultury) with its clocktower.

Since the fall of communism in 1989, Warsaw has been developing much more rapidly than Poland as a whole. You wouldn't recognize the city if you saw it ten years ago, and more changes are constantly taking place. Warsaw has long been the easiest place in Poland to find employment, and for this reason many of the Polish inhabitants of the city are first or second generation, originating from all over the country.

Warsaw has a very expansive skyline, with many recent developments occurring. An example is Varso Place. It is the tallest building in the European Union, at a height of 310m(1,020ft), being finished in May 2022.

Even though much of Warsaw seems to imitate western cities, there are many peculiarities to be found here that you will not find in western capitals. Examples include the communist-era bar mleczny (lit. 'milk bar') that remain in operation (essentially cheap cafeterias for no-frills, working-class traditional Polish dining, which have remained incredibly popular in the face of westernization). Europe's largest outdoor marketplace, once located around the old stadium, has disappeared as the new National Stadium has arisen for the Euro 2012 football championships.

Climate

Warsaw has a continental climate, with warm summers, crisp, sunny autumns and cold winters. Summers can vary from mild to quite hot. Travellers should bring light, summer clothes for the day, and an extra jacket for evenings, as they can sometimes get a little chilly. The main tourist season of Warsaw falls between May and September, from the middle of spring until the beginning of autumn, when the climate is at its most favourable. Although rainfall is generally evenly spread throughout the year, July does tend to be the wettest month according to weather statistics. Travellers would best be advised to bring heavy, water-resistant shoes with them when travelling in Warsaw in late autumn to early spring. The weather in winter varies, but it can get cold and very snowy. From December to March, the climate is at its coldest and overnight frosty weather becomes commonplace, along with some snow. The coolest months are January and February with temperatures falling a couple of degrees below zero.

Tourism

The Warsaw Convention Bureau is the official tourist information agency in Warsaw and can provide visitors with information regarding hotels, attractions, and events. They also have maps for travelers. Unfortunately, the bureau's website isn't well designed and doesn't provide all that great of information, though, it can be helpful. They operate three locations in Warsaw. 

There are a few other organizations that are useful when planning or looking for information about a trip to Warsaw. The City of Warsaw has a lot of useful information on its website and would be a good place to get some information. Destination Warsaw has some useful information, but seems to boost its members' products, restaurants, and services over others. Its main goal is the promotion of Warsaw as a destination abroad. The best source of practical tips, contacts, and current event information is the Warsaw Insider available at every concierge, tourits information and larger newsagents; the Warsaw Voice an English language weekly newspaper, also maintains a good calendar of events on its website.

A wise investment may be the Warsaw Tourist Card which can either be purchased for a 24 hour period or three days. The card will get you into museums for free or for a discount. It also doubles as a ticket for public transportation in Warsaw. You may also be able to get discounts at galleries, sports facilities, shops, restaurants, and discounted tours, car rentals, or accommodation. The card can be purchased at the tourist agency's offices around the city, some hotels, and a few other locations.

 Orientation 

As is the case with most major cities, Warsaw is situated on a river. The river's name is Vistula (Polish: Wisła) and it crosses the city on a north-south axis, dividing it into two parts, usually referred to as the left bank (Polish: lewy brzeg adj. lewobrzeżna Warszawa) and the right bank (Polish: prawy brzeg adj. prawobrzeżna Warszawa).

City center

Historically, the right bank was the first one to become populated, during the 9th or 10th century. However, the present city's central district, called lies on the left bank. The Old Town is fully contained within the borders of the city center. 

The central point of the city is located at the intersection of Al. Jerozolimskie and ul. Marszałkowska, near the entrance to the Metro Centrum subway station. It is good to know that the Palace of Culture is a landmark visible from almost any location in Warsaw. Should you ever get lost in the city, just walk toward the Palace of Culture and Science.

The quarter delimited by Al. Jerozolimskie, ul. Marszałkowska, al. Jana Pawła II, and ul. Świętokrzyska, contains Dworzec Centralny, the main railway station, and the Palace of Culture and Science.

 Get in 

 By plane 

Warsaw (all airports code: WRW) is served by a total of two airports: Chopin Airport () (also known as 'Okecie') for major airlines. Modlin Airport () was opened in July 2012 and it handles the low cost traffic. Airport () is also conveniently accessible from Warsaw.

Warsaw Frederic Chopin Airport

Chopin Airport (, ) is located in the area of Okęcie in , around 10 km south the city centre. For many years the airport used to be called just Okęcie, but this reportedly caused confusion and it was renamed.

N.B. Local people may use the name Okęcie to refer either to the airport, or to the residential area and local transportation terminal P+R Al. Krakowska which is on the other end of the airfield. Always ask for the airport (lotnisko in Polish) to avoid confusion. 

There are two terminal buildings, until 2010 marked as: Terminal 1 and Terminal 2, now both denoted as Terminal A. The terminals are very close to each other (there is a pedestrian corridor linking them on public side as well as on the secure side), but it's best to know from which terminal you will be departing. Check-in counters with numbers 100-199 are in (former) building of Terminal 1, 200-299 in Terminal 2.

The Etiuda Terminal was used by budget airlines and for charters, but now it's closed. 

 Getting to/from Chopin Airport (WAW) 

By train

The airport train station, Warszawa Lotnisko Chopina, opened on 1 June 2012. Trains depart every 10-12 minutes during peak times and every 15 minutes otherwise. Both the Szybka Kolej Miejska (SKM; Warsaw's S-Bahn-like suburban railway system) and Koleje Mazowieckie (Mazovian Railways or KML; the provincial local train operator) operate trains to and from the airport.

The SKM offers the following connections from Warszawa Lotnisko Chopina:

Line S2 through Warszawa Zachodnia, Warszawa Śródmieście (walking distance to Warszawa Centralna), Warszawa Stadion and Warszawa Wschodnia to Sulejówek Miłosna - trains every 30 minutes off-peak during day.

Line S3 through Warszawa Zachodnia, Warszawa Centralna and Warszawa Wschodnia to Legionowo Piaski. This is an "express" train which skips the local train stations between Warszawa Zachodnia and Warszawa Wschodnia, including Warszawa Stadion - trains every 30 minutes off-peak during day. 

Koleje Mazowieckie offers direct trains to Modlin, calling at Warszawa Zachodnia, Warszawa Centralna and Warszawa Wschodnia, arriving at Modlin every hour.

Regular Warsaw transport tickets issued by ZTM (the local transport operator which runs city buses, trams and the metro) are valid on SKM train services between the airport and Warsaw. There are ticket machines in the terminal as well as on board; tickets can also be bought at the ZTM counter in the public part of the arrivals hall (after customs). ZTM day passes, three-day passes and monthly tickets are also valid on Koleje Mazowieckie trains. Note that while there is no Koleje Mazowieckie ticket office at the airport, it is possible to purchase single tickets for KML services from the airport to the city center aboard the train (with a 4 PLN conductor surcharge) or at a vending machine, which is located alongside the SKM one few meters before the entrance to the platform at the airport terminal station. Taking a red SKM train can be a bit cheaper: for example, the cost of a ride to Chopin airport from Warszawa Zachodnia station equals the cost of a regular 20-min city transport ticket (3.4 PLN), while the similar KML train ticket will cost you 5.5 PLN (July 2014).

The rail station can be accessed directly through an extension to the terminal building which has been completed.

Beware of occasional thieves who like to operate on these lines.

By bus
Four bus lines operate between points in the city and the airport from 4:40am to 11:00pm. At all other times, night bus N32 runs between the city centre and the airport. Single-fare tickets for the bus cost 4.40 PLN (as of 2019) from any kiosk; or you can buy one from vending machine in the bus - they only accept cards. The driver doesn't sell tickets. You can also buy tickets from the ticket machine at the bus stop (which accept coins, notes and credit cards) or from the ZTM counter in the public area of the arrivals hall (not the Tourist Information counter, but near it).

Bus 148 operates between the airport and Rondo Wiatraczna in , on the eastern side of Warsaw. This bus passes by the Imielin metro station.

Bus 175 operates between the airport and Plac Piłsudskiego, crossing through the city center and stopping at the central railway station, Centrum metro station and the historic city center, including Nowy Świat and the University of Warsaw. The trip takes 30-45 minutes, depending on traffic. Buses operate every 7 minutes during rush hour. This bus used to have a bad reputation for pickpockets; although it's better now, caution is still advised. There are announcements for two tourist spots in English: Warszawa Centralny is announced "Central Railway Station;" and Plac Zamkowy (Castle Square) is announced "The Old Town." 

Bus 188 operates between the airport and Gocławek Wschodni in Praga Południe, passing through to the south of the city center. This bus passes by the Politechnika metro station.

Bus 331 operates between the airport and the Wilanowska metro station in . While this bus is particularly useful for passengers connecting to some of the long-distance bus services operated by Flixbus, as the bus stops at the terminal where Flixbus buses stop, this bus only operates during peak hours.

Beware of occasional thieves who like to operate on board, especially on the 175 line.

By taxi
Avoid the taxi drivers soliciting customers inside the terminal, as they severely overcharge. Instead, use one of the companies recommended by the airport authorities (Merc Taxi, MPT Radio Taxi, Ele, or Sawa Taxi). They are slightly above market average in terms of prices and stop near the exit from terminal. You can also order a taxi from another corporation by phone (there is no surcharge). A typical fare to a hotel near Warszawa Centralna station is around 40 zł at night, less in the daytime.

Official taxis must all have the city coat of arms displayed on the side, along with red-yellow markings and a vehicle number. The driver's taxi license (an orange laminated card with a picture) must also be accessible to the passenger, either on the dashboard or presented within the car. If a taxi is missing one or more of these it is best to avoid it. Most drivers availible via the Uber and Freenow apps also operate as registered taxis.

In any case, the most you should pay is 3.40 zł (up to 5.50 zł on Sundays; but typically no more than 3.40 zł) per km in the daytime plus an initial fee of no more than 9 zł. The meter should be running and display a tariff number (1 in the daytime, 2 at night and on Sunday, 3 or 4 when leaving city limits or entering 2nd zone) You are entitled to a receipt (which must specify the route used) upon request. The Polish word for receipt is rachunek. There is no obligation to tip the taxi drivers, but most won't refuse if you offer. See the Taxis section for a more in-depth explanation of taxi fares.

Warning! Some of the "official" taxi-despatchers (dressed in yellow wests) outside the terminal building deliberately points you to some "alternative" taxis some 15 meters away from the "normal" taxis. The price for this trip to Radisson Centrum hotel (which should have been 35-40 Zloty at most for a Friday night) was charged with almost 97 Zloty on the taxameter. It seems there is some kind of "deal" between at least one of these taxi despatchers and some pirate taxis in WAW airport, so if the taxi despatcher tries to point you to other taxis than the ones you are queing up for (along with the "local" Poles) then either refuse to be sent away to the other taxi or ask the price in advance. As this scam was done by people I regarded to be "official" led to the fact that I did not discover this fraud before it was too late... It has been confirmed from several sides that a taxi transfer should not cost more than 40-45 Zlotys, and it is irritating to start off your vacation being overcharged for a taxi trip. (Had this experience late SEP 2013, so quite recent)

By other means

Some hotels offer a shuttle to/from the airport, while some will send taxis for you.

Warsaw Modlin International Airport

Modlin Airport (, ) was opened in June 2012. It's located near a town Nowy Dwor Mazowiecki 40 km north from Warsaw. As of March 2014 only Ryanair operates flights to/from Modlin. From October 31, 2022, the airport began cooperation with Air Moldova, offering flights to the capital of Moldova, Chisinau. The flights to Chisinau are currently inactive as of Apr 6 2023. 

 Getting to/from Modlin Airport (WMI) 
Koleje Mazowieckie, TLK and EIC trains stop at the Modlin railway station. 

Koleje Mazowieckie company has prepared a special offer - Airport Ticket, which is addressed to passengers travelling to/from Warsaw Modlin Airport. Passengers buy a single ticket to go from the city to the airport in Modlin or return from the airport in Modlin to Warsaw. The trains are air-conditioned and have baggage racks for passengers. The trains are also adapted to the needs of disabled persons and passengers travelling with small children (they have baby changing tables). 

There are special airport busses of Koleje Mazowieckie, running every 20-30 minutes between Modlin railway station and Warsaw Modlin Airport terminal. The bus timetable is adapted to train departures/arrivals. 

By train

Koleje Mazowieckie operates direct connections between Modlin, Warszawa Centralna and Chopin Airport. From the airport terminal you need to take shuttle bus to the railway station and get on a train to Warsaw. A combined ticket for bus and train costs 19 zł.

By bus

There is a direct bus by Modlinbus from the airport terminal to the center of Warsaw (east side of Palace of Culture and Science, northern exit of Metro Centrum). Prices from 9 zł if bought online in advance.

There is also indirect bus connection by Translud - ticket costs 8 zł. Take bus no 2 or 6 from Warsaw Center (next to Domy Towarowe Centrum) to Modlin Twierdza Pętla station. Remember to tell driver of bus no 2 or 6 that you are going to the airport - he will contact with the driver of another bus which will take you from Modlin Twierdza Pętla directly to the airport. Whole trip should be less than 1,5 hour.

 By train 

Warsaw has three stations for long-distance trains:

Dworzec Centralny or Warszawa Centralna (Warsaw Central) ul. Emilii Plater

Dworzec Wschodni or Warszawa Wschodnia (Warsaw East) between ul. Kijowska and ul. Lubelska (on the right bank)

Dworzec Zachodni or Warszawa Zachodnia (Warsaw West) Al. Jerozolimskie near Rondo Zesłańców Syberyjskich

Unless you really know what you're doing, the best option is Dworzec Centralny (Warszawa Centralna) station, as it has best connections with all the places in the city. All long-distance trains pass through this station and all stop there. It is the only long-distance station underground. It isn't the last station on the route! 

Trains running eastwards start at Warszawa Zachodnia, stop at Warszawa Centralna and then at Warszawa Wschodnia, while trains heading westwards make the same trip in the opposite direction (except that they don't always stop at Warszawa Zachodnia). The same is true for arriving trains. Tourists often find it confusing that the main train station (Warszawa Centralna) is not the last station on the route.

The Berlin-Warszawa Express runs from Berlin to Warsaw daily and is quite inexpensive if booked in advance. Students get discounts as well. It's a fairly comfortable six hour trip. Schedule are available on Intercity's website and tickets can be booked through Polrail Service or on the Deutsche Bahn website.

One train per day runs to and in , with a change of trains near the border.

There are also trains to Russia - , and even direct cars to or , Belarus - , Ukraine - and direct cars to or even in Kazakhstan. There are many direct connections to central and western European cities too.

In domestic trains, reservation is obligatory on EC, EIC or TLK trains. Reservation is now included. 

There are also some iR (interRegio) trains, operated by Przewozy Regionalne. These are the cheapest trains in Poland, but often not very comfortable and slow. Only iR Szczecin-Warsaw-Szczecin (called "Mewa") and Warsaw-Rzeszow-Warsaw (called "WOŚP") are recommended - most of their carriages are equipped with air-conditioning, CCTV, power sockets for every seat and free wi-fi connection, although the price is extremely low, but there is no seat reservation.

If you don't have a reservation, you may get a better seat by boarding the train at its point of origin. During the peak, you may not be able to get a seat at all.

Suburban trains

There is no central station for suburban trains, but the most important one is Warszawa Śródmieście (close to Warszawa Centralna and Metro Centrum). Some destinations you can reach from there are , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .

Suburban trains going north depart from Warszawa Gdańska (Metro Dworzec Gdański). From there, you can go to destinations like , , and .

Some suburban trains going east depart from Warszawa Wileńska (ul. Targowa near Al. Solidarności, also a shopping mall there). Some example destinations include , , .

Warsaw Commuter Railway

WKD (Polish: Warszawska Kolej Dojazdowa) is separate train service that runs from a distinct platform at Warszawa Śródmieście WKD to , a city some 50 km west of Warsaw through , , and .

By bus
Regional and long-distance bus connections in Poland are traditionally called PKS. Once it was a legitimate abbreviation for the state-owned monopoly. Now, however, bus routes are operated by completely independent companies, some of which have chosen to retain the old PKS as a part of their name. In Warsaw, there's PKS Warszawa but PKSes from various other cities also operate. Most PKS buses arrive and depart from either of two major terminals:

* The bigger of the two, next to the railway station by the same name. Most buses arrive here. International buses like Eurolines, Ecolines, Simple Express have their main stop here.

The station signage is mostly in Polish and there is no tourist information bureau here -- you may also arrive late at night. It is an ugly place, and several miles away from the city centre, where you probably want to go -- how to get there is not immediately obvious. From the main hall of the station, go towards the side opposite where all the ticket booths are (entering from the bus apron, this is to your left), go down the stairs, turn right down a long corridor, then turn right again into another long corridor until you reach two stairwells leading upwards. These will take you to the other side of Al. Jerozolimskie, where you can take a bus: 517, E-5 (peak hours only), 127 , or 130 to Dw. Centralny (one bus stop short of Centrum). Catching the eastbound suburban train or S2 urban railway line might be the best option. During the night, buses N35 and N85 run to Dw. Centralny (main station) every 30 minutes beginning at 23:52.

* Next to the railway station of the same name. Some of the eastbound domestic lines leave from here.

* Several private buses and PKSes serving towns located south of Warsaw stop here, as well as some of the express lines of PolskiBus (lines P4 Łódź - Wrocław - Prague; P5 Częstochowa – Katowice – Bratislava - Vienna; P6 Kielce - Kraków - Zakopane; P7 Lublin; P9 Radom; P10 Ostrowiec Św. – Rzeszów). Easily accessible by subway.

* Some of the express lines of PolskiBus (lines P1 Ostróda - Gdańsk; P2 Toruń - Bydgoszcz; P3 Łódź - Poznań - Berlin; P8 Białystok; P11 Olsztyn) leave from here. Easily accesible by subway (final station in northern direction).

 By car 

Unlike most European capitals, Warsaw has no real bypass, so all transit traffic is routed through the city streets. The following streets, which constitute a circle with the radius of some 10 km (six mi) from the city centre, can be considered an ersatz ringroad: Trasa Toruńska-Trasa Armii Krajowej-al. Prymasa Tysiąclecia-Al. Jerozolimskie-ul. Łopuszańska-ul. Hynka-ul. Sasanki-ul. Marynarska-ul. Rzymowskiego-ul. Dolinka Służewiecka-ul. Sikorskiego-al. Witosa-Trasa Siekierkowska-ul. Marsa-ul. Żołnierska.

Four European "E-roads" lead to Warsaw: E30 (A2), E77 (7), E67 under the unofficial name of , (A8), and E372 (17). The E-numbers are usually displayed on signs but it is best to know the national road numbers too, which are the numbers in parentheses.

What follows is a list of streets you will find yourself on when approaching the city from different directions: 

* North-West: Wyb. Gdyńskie or "Wisłostrada" in and then in (along the left bank): 7- E77 () () () 

* North-East: ul. Radzymińska in and then al. Solidarności in 8- E67 () ()

* East and South East: ul. Płowiecka in 2|E30 (); 17-E372 ()

* West: ul. Wolska in and then in 2- E30 ()

* South-West: al. Krakowska in and then ul. Grójecka in 7 - E77- () 8 - E67 ()

The cities listed above are the ones displayed on signs in the city. The in (parentheses) show you which neighboring countries can be reached with a road. If you are coming to the city, follow the blue-on-white Centrum signs. One exception is when you are coming from the north-east: follow the Praga sign unless you are driving a lorry.

Driving distances to other cities:

In Poland - 
 190 km (118 mi);
 390 km (242 mi);
 180 km (112 mi);
 290 km (180 mi);
 210 km (130 mi);
 310 km (193 mi);
 100 km (62 mi);
 210 km (130 mi)

In other countries - 
 () 570 km (354 mi);
 () 700 km (435 mi);
 () 350 km (217 mi)

Car hire. At the Frederic Chopin airport you will find Avis, Hertz, Budget and Sixt. Telephone numbers can be found in free magazines lying around in hotel and cafe lobbies. Also refer to the individual companies websites. It is a legal requirement for you to carry your driving licence, insurance documents and the vehicle registration details at all times. If the Police stop you without them, they are likely to impose a fine.

 Get around 
 By car 

Parking
There is a paid-parking zone in the center of the city. This applies Mon-Fri 8AM-6PM. Parking costs 3.00 zł for the first hour. Subsequent hours cost more although there is no hour limit. 0.60 zł is the minimum payment. You can pay with coins (10 gr and above - after you have inserted the minimum amount, the meter will give you the exact number of minutes you pay for) or with the Warsaw City Card (not the tourist card).

 Taxis 
The maximum base fare (taryfa 1) is 3.00 zł/km and applies to journeys within the city (zone 1) on weekdays. The cheapest companies charge between 1.40 zł/km and 2.00 zł/km. Taxi drivers can charge 150% of the base fare (taryfa 2) at night or on weekends and public holidays, and 200% of the base fare (taryfa 3) for journeys into the suburbs. Watch out for blue rectangular signs saying taxi 2 strefa (Taxi Zone 2), they can charge 300% of the base fare (taryfa 4) at night and in the suburbs or on weekends and public holidays).

In addition, they can also charge you 8 zł initial fee (closing the door), 40.00 zł an hour for waiting for you if you you are not in the first zone, and for getting back to the boundary of the first zone if you left in zone 2. There are no surcharges for additional passengers (normally up to 4 should fit), or for luggage.

Uber operates in Warsaw and offers the same service, value and reliability as elsewhere in the world.

They cannot charge you for anything else. There is no obligation or custom of tipping the drivers. The driver is required to give you a receipt on request. The full route must be written on the receipt. If the route was suboptimal, the fare can then be challenged. Call the City Guard (Polish: Straż Miejska) at 986 (+48 22 986 from a mobile phone) should there be any problems.

The aforementioned prices apply only to officially registered taxis. Others (non-taxi carriers) may charge you whatever they feel like, so they are best avoided.

A legal taxi will have its number displayed on the front door under the window (black digits on white), on a TAXI sign (not TAX1 or TAKI), on a sticker with the base fare displayed on the passenger (rear) door window, and on the driver's ID card visible inside the cab. Be suspicious especially regarding the taxis close to the Plac Zamkowy (the Old Town).

Attention! Legal taxi drivers never approach you, even if they flash something that looks like professional id. Do not trust people in airport halls, at train stations, coming to you and asking if you want a taxi and grabbing your luggage to 'help you'. You may end up with ridiculously high bill or travelling around city. Safe and legal taxi drivers wait in prepared spots. Always ask one how much it will cost you before getting in (approximately). 

Warsaw train stations are not further than few kilometers from strict center of the city (Gdański and Centralny are almost in the middle). Gdański train station is connected with metro line, which will take you for around 50 cents (reduced fare, around $1 for a full fare ticket) to the strict center (around 8 minutes). Centralny is few hundred meters from metro and in strict center.

Airport Okęcie is also within city limits. 

Airport Modlin is far from the city, but taxi should have fixed price around 100 PLN to the center of Warsaw. Airport shuttle and bus connecting to direct train are available.

 Public transport 

The public transport system in Warsaw is generally well-developed, with some 200 bus routes and 30 tram lines. The route descriptions on the tram stops are easy to follow (although bus stop notices are more complex) and the tickets are cheap. It can be painfully slow, however, to travel between destinations far from the city center. 

There is also a modern underground line going from south to north on the left bank, and introduced few years ago, the Rapid Urban Railway (Polish: Szybka Kolej Miejska or SKM) which is becoming more and more popular. Travelling to districts like Włochy, Ursus, Rembertów or Wesoła by SKM instead of bus can save you a lot of time.

 Metro 

Warsaw's metro system opened in 1995 and is one of the newest underground railway systems in . Operated by Metro Warszawskie sp. z o.o. it runs daily from early morning until midnight at 3-10 minute intervals. On Friday and Saturday, Metro operates until 3 am. Trains and stations are clean and neat. The system currently consists of two lines: M1 and M2. M1 line was designed to carry commuters from the densely populated new districts at the northern and southern outskirts into the city centre. As a result, the M1 line does not go to many tourist destinations, however several stations will take you in a general vicinity of some attractions. M2 line (its initial segment of 7 stations completed in 2015) links the centre with the right bank of the river Vistula (i.e. Praga).

 Buses 

Buses operate usually from 5.00 to 23.00 (except night buses), but you should always check the schedule. The intervals can be anything from as little as 5 minutes (crowded routes during peak hours) to nearly 2 hours (certain suburban routes). Usually, you will wait 20 minutes at most.

Warsaw has well-developed night bus communication, that will take you basically to every part of city. Most buses start and finish at the back of Central Railway Station (Dworzec Centralny). They start every 30 minutes, hour by hour, at XX:15 and XX:45.

Bus route numbers consist of three digits. Only the first digit has any meaning, the latter being merely ordinal. Here's the key to understanding Warsaw bus route numbers:

:{| border="0" cellpadding="2"
! !! Normal !! Expedited !! Suburban
|-
! All-Day Service
| 1xx || 5xx || 7xx 
|-
! Certain Hours Only (Usually Peak) 
| 3xx || 4xx || 8xx 
|}

Other than that:
* Nxx are night routes.
* 2xx are local routes.
* 9xx are special routes, which operate only a few days in a year.
* E-x are express routes, which link the farthest districts to the city centre, call at very few stops and operate during peak hours only.
* Z-x are routes in place of trams.

There are a few routes that are of certain interest to tourists:
* 148, 175 and 188 operate to and from the airport.
* 180 the Warsaw Sightseeing Route between the Powązki Cemetery and .

Requesting a stop - certain bus stops are request-only (Polish: na żądanie):

* If you want to get off, press the stop (red) button. In certain old buses, the button is located above the door (and it's not red).

* If you want to get on a bus, wave your hand to attract the driver's attention.

Sometimes (all-year in air-conditioned buses and trams, October-March in every bus or tram), the doors will not open automatically. To open it, locate the button drzwi (blue) and press it. 

Night buses operate on 38 routes: N01 to N95 . The first digit indicates the area of Warsaw the bus travels to. All parts of the city are covered, but travelling to distant locations is particularly time-consuming. All buses from the centre operate at 30-minute intervals and depart from their central stop at Dw. Centralny 15 and 45 minutes after the hour, which facilitates changing.

When travelling on a night bus, it is essential to know the location of your bus stop at Dw. Centralny. There is a map that will help you.

All night bus stops except Dw. Centralny and Centrum are request stops. Signal well in advance as some night bus drivers may be too busy accelerating to notice.

There is also a map of all the night bus routes including those that do not serve the centre: 

Note that not all bus stops that have Centrum in their name are in the city center. For example, there is a bus route 525 that goes from Centrum (the real city center) through Centrum Optyki in to Centrum Zdrowia Dziecka in . This is always clear from the route map so please read it carefully.

 Trams 

Although trams are not faster than buses unless there is a heavy traffic jam, they may have some appeal for a tourist as it is easier to predict where they are going - they usually go straight ahead and only rarely turn. However, it may be worth travelling by tram in the city centre during rush hours. 

Trams have numbers below 50 (for the curious, the 50+ numbers were used by the long-lost trolley buses). Trams with numbers above 40 operate during peak hours only. A map of tram routes is available to assist you in planning your journey: 

There is a special route T operated by historic cars from pl. Narutowicza. The stops can be found here: Note: 'T' only runs in July and August.

The tram services can end as early as at 10PM, but most routes are served until midnight.

 Tickets 

Although there are many carrier companies, tickets are issued and controlled by the single Warsaw Transport Authority (Polish: Zarząd Transportu Miejskiego or ZTM) and are valid for all means of transport. Tickets for 24-hour and more are valid also in the suburban trains (usually painted in green and white) and Rapid Urban Railway within the relevant zone limits. 

Tickets can be purchased in kiosks, ticket machines and any shop that displays the Sprzedaż biletów ZTM ("WTA tickets sold here") stickers for around 3-6 Euros depending on the type of ticket. In Rapid Urban Railway (SKM) you can buy a ticket from train attendant or (in new trains) in the ticket machine. There is no extra charge for buying tickets from drivers, though they can refuse to sell you a ticket if the bus is over 3 minutes late.

Timed (24-hour or weekend) tickets are probably the simplest way of paying for public transportation, if you want to see as much as possible. If you will be taking a bus, subway, or tram at least three times in a given day, it's best to buy one of these tickets, especially as they are valid for all modes of transportation, including night buses. You may choose a 24 hour ticket, or a three day ticket. Additionally, there are one month and three month travel cards for those who are staying in Warsaw for a longer time.

 Ticket pricing 

The ticket system is quite simple, all you need to know is that you will probably travel only in the 1st zone (this even include the airport), so

* the cheapest full-fare ticket is 3.40 zł for an unlimited transfer 20-minute ride
* for a longer ride there is a "single" ticket for 4.40, valid for 75 minutes if travelling with transfers, or to the last stop on the line, if travelling without them
* a 24-hour ticket is 15 zł (valid 24 hours from validation)
* a weekend ticket is 24 zł (valid from 19 o'clock on Friday till 8 o'clock on Monday)
* a 72-hour ticket is 36 zł (valid 72 hours from validation)
* a group weekend ticket is 40 zł for a group of up to 5 people (valid from 7:00 PM on Friday till 8:00 AM on Monday)
* for a longer stay you may consider 30-day or 90-day travelcards
* ISIC (international Student ID Card) holders under 26 years are unfortunately only entitled to use 50% fare versions of the long-term, personalised tickets (30- or 90- days).
* Seniors: From 65 years you can get a one-year-ticket for 50 zł, from 70 years you ride for free (with an identity card, what shows your date of birth)

Tickets must be validated (most machines require the magnetic strip to be downward or the validation will fail saying your ticket is invalid). Note: Some onboard ticket machines sell pre-validated tickets! Be careful if you want to buy few in advance.

Note that the tickets and prices above can only be used for travel within city of Warsaw (zone 1), except the 20-minute one. For suburban travel outside Warsaw, a more expensive ticket covering zones 1 & 2 is required. Details: 

 Ticket rules and pitfalls 

Immediately validate your ticket after boarding the bus or tram (in a yellow validator), or at the subway station gate. Timed tickets only need to be activated once, on your first journey, except in the underground where using a ticket is required to open the entrance gate to the station. Exit gates open without a ticket.

Tickets are not checked by a driver. They may be randomly inspected in a station or in a bus/tram (by plain-clothed inspectors with portable ticket/card readers), so it is up to you to have a valid (activated) ticket.

If one validator is out of order, look for another. A steady yellow light means that only the plastic card reader is working. If all the validators in a bus glow red - they may be locked, likely because an inspection is underway (and you are lost...).

 See 

Most of the major sightseeing attractions are located in area, which encompasses seven districts, however, the most important district for sight seeing is likely to be considered . The other districts all have something else to offer too, but the further from Centrum you journey, the less likely you're to find much of anything that is of any major interest, although palace and Kabaty forest are interesting enough. 
Itineraries

* The Royal Road (Trakt Królewski) was originally a track linking the Royal Castle to the Royal Palace in (Pałac Królewski w Wilanowie), some 10 km farther. There are many points of interest along the route, and there's a Poster Museum (Muzeum Plakatu) in Wilanów as well.

Museums

 Warsaw Uprising Museum Interactive museum that documents the historic struggle of the Poles during WWII. The Uprising should have lasted only 3 days but lasted more than 2 months. The brief 3-D film that simulates flying over the destroyed city is powerful. ( 30 PLN, Free on Mondays)

 Center for Modern Art (Centrum Sztuki Współczesnej) 

 Royal Lazienki (Łazienki Królewskie) 

 Museum of Modern Art in Warsaw - located on Vistula bank the Museum invites to step into the world of contemporary art by Polish and international artists. 

 National Museum in Warsaw (Muzeum Narodowe w Warszawie) 

The National Museum in Warsaw is home to over 800,000 exhibits of both Polish and worldwide art. They represent all epochs from antiquity to contemporary times, including paintings, sculptures, drawings, illustrations, photographs, numismatic items and objects of applied arts.

The unique the Faras Gallery presents the only permanent European display of artefacts of the Nubian culture and art from the early-Christian period, the Medieval Art Gallery houses unique sculptures, panel paintings and artefacts from all regions historically related to Poland, the Gallery of the 20th and 21st Century presents paintings, sculptures and drawings from 20-30's and works of film, photography, performance from the last 40 years. The visitors can also see the Poland's largest painting “The Battle of Grunwald” by Jan Matejko (426 x 987 cm).

Especially cherished exhibits are paintings reclaimed after being stolen from the National Museum in Warsaw during World War II including; “Jewish Woman Selling Oranges” by Aleksander Gierymski and “The Negress” by Anna Bilińska. 

The State Ethnographical Museum in Warsaw (Państwowe Muzeum Etnograficzne w Warszawie) 

Heavens of Copernicus (Niebo Kopernika) Thanks to its equipment, quality of shows and design, the Heavens of Copernicus is one of the most modern and original planetariums in Europe. It offers sky displays, film projections, lectures and meetings.

 POLIN (Muzeum Historii Żydów Polskich) Museum of the History of Polish Jews was opened in 2013. This highly interactive museum is situated in a modernist building created by award-winning Finnish architects on the site of the former Jewish ghetto. A gem of the collection is the thoroughly restored interior of the 17th-century wooden sinagogue in Gwoździec (former Polish territory, now the western part of Ukraine). Allow at least a couple of hours to see the whole permanent exhibition.

Do

Explore

Go on a Tour of Warsaw - the Old Town and surrounding districts are sufficiently compact to allow a number of excellent walking tours through its history-filled streets. You'll see amazing things you would otherwise miss. Details are usually available from the reception desks of hostels and hotels.

Explore old Praga to get more shady (but safe) insight into old Warsaw. Find charming art cafes and galleries hidden around Ząbkowska, Targowa, Wileńska, 11 listopada, Inżynierska streets. In night, there are lot of vibrating clubs on these streets.

Warsaw Craft Beer Tour. This Warsaw Craft Beer Tour is a 3-hour walking and drinking tour through 3 of the coolest craft beer pubs that allow you to taste 9 different types of craft beer. It is great for craft beer lovers, groups, bachelor and stag parties.

 Multimedial Fountain Park 

 Copernicus Science Center. Copernicus Science Centre conducts modern science communication through interactive exhibitions addressed to different groups of recipients (adults, adolescents and children), shows and workshops on scientific themes, debates and discussions as well as activities from the borderland of science and art. The mission of the Centre is to inspire curiosity, assist the independent discovering of the world, help to learn and inspire social dialogue on science. It is one of the largest and most modern institutions of this type in Europe. 

Concerts and performances

Warsaw is home to several professional musical and play companies. Being the capital city means the Polish National Opera and the Warsaw Philharmonic (also, National Philharmonic) call Warsaw home. There are a number of other companies, including play companies and theaters that will likely be of interest to travellers.

* 
The project is dedicated to lesbian women, the group organizes parties, concerts, art exhibitions, movie seances and sport ones, women only .
Festivals

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

*Orange Warsaw Festival occurs in the beginning of June, Polish and Foreign artists

*Multi-City summer festivals like Męskie Granie and Letnie Brzmienia festivals also occur in Warsaw. Letnie Brzmienia is a festival dedicated to people above 18 years old. 

* Noc Muzeów is a fun night that sees thousands of people turn out to spend the night wandering around Varsovian museums and galleries for free. It's a great opportunity to wander around with your date of friends, as many people do, and grab an ice cream cone from one of the many cafes that stay open late. Most museums and galleries will stay open past midnight. Noc Muzeów usually occurs around mid-May.

* Five Flavours Film Festival is a yearly survey of the cinema from South and Southeast Asia, bringing premiere screenings of the newest, carefully selected titles from the region to the Polish audiences, along with classics from the Asian archives, profiles of chosen filmmakers, and national cinema retrospectives.

*Warsaw Pride Parade (Warszawska Parada Równości). The biggest and the oldest pride event in Poland occuring in June. There're also many events accompaning the event, most of them are in Polish. 

* LGBT Film Festival is a multi-city festival presenting new queer films. The festival opening use to start there (end of April), it's accommpanied by film discussion pannels, parties and live concerts. Polish movies use to have English subtitles.

Sports
Warsaw is not internationally known for its sports teams or for any of its sports venues, although that may change in 2012 as Warsaw, and Poland as a whole with , has improved their sporting infrastructure and stadiums as the hosts of the European Football Championship in 2012. Renovation of the Legia football team's stadium has finished. 

Despite all the emphasis on football, no traveller to Warsaw should be so naive as to think that football is the only sport to do in Warsaw. There is a mixture of both professional sports teams for spectators to visit and participatory sports for travelers to participate in.

* Legia Warszawa, ul. Łazienkowska 3, football team from Warsaw. 

* Polonia Warszawa, ul. Konwiktorska 6, football team from Warsaw. 

* An American football team in Warsaw. 

Learn

Universities

* The University of Warsaw is Poland's largest university and offers a large variety of courses and programs to choose from. University of Warsaw currently has some 50,000 students enrolled. 

* The biggest Polish technical university. 

* Poland's largest economics school. 

* Originally an agricultural school, this is now a rapidly expanding university. 

* This is a private school located inside the Palace of Culture of Science. Majors include Sociology, Political Science, American Studies, International Relations, and Human Rights and Genocide Studies. For those interested, some programs are conducted in English. 

* A medical college.

* 

* This is a well-known Catholic university. 

* This is a private school specializing in law and business management majors.

* This is a branch of the U.S.' Clark University. This branch offers M.A. degrees related to business management.

* A private university offering BA, MA and PhD programs in Psychology, Social Sciences and International Studies.

Polish language

* Part of the Warsaw University. 1200 zł for a standard course or 1800 zł for an intensive one. 

* 659 zł for a group course. Modern and effective teaching method. It's also e-learning platform for learning Polish online.

Work

Home to many international companies, Warsaw has an excellent job market for potential expats. Of course there are several immigration hurdles, but landing a job should not be overly difficult if you have the right skill sets. The monthly average pay in Poland in April 2019 was $1348 ($957 net), which may not sound impressive for a Westerner. Do however take the following into account: first, compared with most other Central and Eastern European economies, it's quite decent (e.g. it's $825 net in Hungary and $562 net in Russia), especially if you consider the relatively low cost of living. Second, wages in Warsaw generally tend to be 20-50% above the Polish average. Third, salaries in management, IT, and (to a lesser extent) in education are often really close to what you would earn in Western Europe or the US. 

If you're a backpacker and looking for short-term employment this may be somewhat more difficult, as you are legally required to have a work permit (that is unless you are an EU/EEA citizen, in which case registering as a foreign worker is but a formality). You could possibly find short-term work in the hospitality industry, or possibly as a tutor or an ESL teacher.

If you'd like to work in Warsaw, or Poland for that matter, but don't want to go through the hassle of finding a job opportunity, there are some employment recruiting agencies you can use in your search for a job. Just a few are:

* 

* 

Buy

ATMs (Polish: bankomat) are plentiful around Warsaw. Visa, MasterCard, Visa Electron and Maestro are widely accepted at most establishments. AmEx and Diners' Club are not as commonly accepted. Some establishments require minimum purchases of 10-50zł for credit card purchases.

Indoor shopping malls (Polish: centrum handlowe pl. centra ~, often abbreviated CH) are also plentiful in Warsaw. Usually open until 8-10PM, most malls will have a food court, restaurants, cinema and some may have a sports hall with billiards tables or a bowling alley. 

Tesco and Carrefour are the largest stores in Europe, and sell just about everything, including groceries, at low prices.

Eat

Finding an unique place to eat is easy, as there are no international chain restaurants present here, as in Western Europe. 

For those on a budget, there are many kebab shops sprinkled around Warsaw, especially in , which offer decent food and portions for the fair price of 7-13 zł a kebab. Other cheap alternatives are milk bars, which are discussed later in the section, and Vietnamese restaurants.

Don't leave Warsaw without trying out Poland's most famous dish - Pierogi, which is kind of a dumpling, with the most various stuffings (e.g. meat, cottage cheese or strawberries). You can also try an learn how to make these in one of cooking school for tourists.

Fast food

Tourists on budget will be happy to know there's no shortage of fast food in Warsaw. The most popular brand names are of course McDonald's, KFC, and Pizza Hut, but there are also a few Subway sandwich shops and even a few Burger King restaurants. The prices charged in most of these restaurants can be expensive by Polish standards.

Milk bars

A legacy of the Communist era, milk bars (Polish: bar mleczny, bary mleczne) were originally created in the 1960s to serve cheap meals based on milk products. After the fall of Communism, most of these establishments closed down but some survived and still bear the atmosphere from the old days. Almost everything inside looks, feels and smells like it did in the 1980s. Milk bars attract students and elderly people, because of the low prices (soup and the main course together may cost as little as 10.00 zł, equivalent to £2.05 in sterling). The food served by milk bars can actually be quite palatable. Even if you can afford more expensive meals, milk bars are interesting because they offer a unique Polish experience and a view of life before the restoration of democracy in Poland.

Drink
The best way to meet locals and expats and make new friends if you just arrived in town is to attend language exchange meetings organized by Tandem Warsaw International Community No matter what is your native language or the languages you've learnt, they certainly have a weekly meeting for you and keep you busy every day of the week. All meeting are free of charge and held in inexpensive places, the organization is basically an informal consumer association.

Another place where you can find your new friends is a local Pub Crawl where the local guides will show you around cool bars and clubs for a little entrance fee. Not only you will check out cool places, get free shots but also play drinking games and do some cool challenges!

Old Town and areas like pl. Trzech Krzyży, ul. Nowy Świat, ul. Chmielna, Krakowskie Przedmieście in are saturated with cafés. Coffee typically costs about 10.00 zł. Beer can cost anywhere from 5.00 zł to 15.00 zł for half a liter (the supermarket price being about 2.50-3 zł). Drink prices in clubs can go up to 50.00 zł (and possibly more). Drinking alcoholic beverages in public places is prohibited, but this is often ignored by locals with regard to public drinking in parks.

Bars

You are likely to find most bars in different areas of Warsaw center. One of the places to be for an afternoon beer is area called Pawilony in the gate at Nowy Świat 24 St (next to the Palm Tree). To also somewhat famous bar areas belong Parkingowa St with it big mural on an actual parking lot, Zbawiciela Square with the super famous Plan B where a lot of locals bring their international visitors. Old Town area is mainly visited by uninformed tourists that don't do their research and get stuck there by midnight with no idea what to do next. Area of Palace of Culture and Science got more buzzy with its two cool bars barStudio and Cafe Kulturalna and between them there is summer pop-up garden where you can enjoy a drink outside under the communist souvenir. Other cool bars are hidden in different streets and it's sometimes better to join a pub crawl, exploring the nightlife in a group of travelers between a number of bars with local guides that ensure you don't be a victim coming in to the scam bars. Besides you meet a lot of cool people that want to party on this particular night. 

In the warmer months, Warsaw's nightlife moves outdoors into the newly created area of boulevards by the Wisla river where heaps of people come every weekend. On the side of the National Stadium there is a place called Temat Rzeka (Topic River) which is a bar with famous city beach where it is legally a noman's land and only here you can drink your own alcohol. Amazing comparing to fact that it's pretty much center with an awesome view!

Clubs

Clubs are plentiful in Warsaw and are a very popular way to spend nearly every night out.

The most popular nice and chic clubs are on ul. Mazowiecka in .
Note that you will definitely be denied entrance if you wear sport shoes, no matter how expensive they are. Inconspicious black shoes will normally do the trick.

Student clubs are popular and usually moderately priced, but can be hit or miss. Normally, the centrally located Hybrydy is a good option for night out. Other student clubs, like Stodoła or Remont in , and Park in , are less predictable and quality isn't necessarily a concern for these clubs' patrons. If the point is to get drunk, then these are the place to go for a cheap drink. 
Beware of certain bouncers (for example in Park), they are not the talkative kind if they suspect you of something. 

In addition, there are clubs in and as well as several popular and down-to-earth clubs in the Praga districts.

It's a matter of knowing where to look because Warsaw has an abundance of musical and club delights, they just need to be find out. The thumb rule is stick to people born in Warsaw, who usually know what and where to go this weekend. Those, who came here during their studies or later will most likely take you to Mazowiecka like places. Not bad if you're looking for one-nighter, but you'll not meet real Varsovians there.

Warsaw is said to be one of the most tolerant cities in Poland, there're many gay clubs as Chmury, Klub Pogłos, Metropolis, Bunkier, codeRED, Babie Lato, Ada Puławska, Madame Q or famous Glam Club.

Tea and coffee

Throw stereotypes out the door. For Poles, one of the most important staples to quench their thirst is not wódka or beer, but rather tea and coffee. As such, you're likely to come across dozens and dozens of cafés. Chain-wise, Costa Coffee (named Coffe Heaven before) and W Biegu Cafe are the big players. Starbucks just setup shop in Poland, opening its first store in Warsaw in April 2009. The real treat of Warsaw, however, are small cafés that are littered about Warsaw. For the most part, a good cup of tea or coffee can be had for 5-10 zł a cup. A small tea kettle is between 20-30 zł.

Sleep

There are plenty of accomodation options in Warsaw at all budget levels. The best accomodation options are located in , , and . There are also many business travel hotels in , near the airport. 

If you are on a budget, do not assume that hostels are your only option. Booking in advance at 3/4 star hotels can yield prices only slightly higher than backpacker hostels, for far greater comfort. Reception staff are paid low wages and can be quite rough when it comes to social interaction.

 Contact 
Postal service

* 
* An interactive map of all Polish post offices locations 

Internet

PolishWiFi
 PolishWiFi rents pocket WiFi routers which allow travellers to stay connected in Poland.
Clients can book online and their hotspot can be delivered everywhere in Poland in 24 hours. Standard delivery in Poland to a post box is 3 €, to a private address, hotel or B&B is 4 €.

The 3G and 4G hotspots can be shared by up to 10 devices and battery lasts for 6 hours.
The rental rates:
{| class="article-table"
!Rental
Period
!3G Hotspot with
"unlimited" data
!4G Hotspot with
"unlimited" data
|-
|Device
|PolishWiFi HSPA+
|PolishWiFi 4G LTE
|-
|3 days
|7.90 €/day
|8.90 €/day
|-
|4-6 days
|7.50 €/day
|8.50 €/day
|-
|7-10 days
|6.50 €/day
|7.50 €/day
|-
|11-14 days
|5.50 €/day
|6.50 €/day
|-
|15-30 days
|5.00 €/day
|6.00 €/day
|-
|31-60 days
|3.00 €/day
|5.50 €/day
|}
* Website: Internet in Poland

Wifi
Free wi-fi is available in most of the Old Town, as well as in several cafés and restaurants, including McDonald's, KFC, Subway, Starbucks, Coffee Heaven, and W biegu.

You can also rent portable WiFi hotspot. It gives you unlimited internet access anytime, anywhere in Poland for about 3 €/day. VoyageWiFi serves this option.

Computers / Internet Cafes

Internet cafés (Polish: kawiarenka internetowa) are rare in Warsaw.

* You can use the computers with internet for 30 minutes for free.

* 20+ machines.

* 20+ machines.

* Photo and printing shop in which there are 3 computers for public internet access.

Telephones

The area code for Warsaw is 22, and it must be dialed even when making local calls. When calling internationally to Warsaw, dial the country code, +48, followed by the rest of the number. There is no necessity to use "0" at the beginning of the telephone number. When dialing from a mobile phone, you must dial any number as if it was an international number. 

Pay phones are very rare and it is therefore best to rely on other means of communication. Pay phones are only operable using calling cards that can be bought at post offices.

Pre-paid SIM cards with Polish phone numbers cost as little as 5zł and can be purchased from just about any major carrier. Many kiosks sell them.

Stay safe

Warsaw is generally a safe city. The city centre has a strong police presence and is generally a very safe area. The Praga districts are reputed to be dangerous, but this is generally more hype than reality. Of course, it would be wise to exercise a little extra caution if you're in an area you do not know well. The bus and railway stations can be a magnet for homeless and drunk people, who, for the most part; will leave you alone.

Violent behaviour is very rare and if it occurs it is most likely alcohol-related and at night. While pubs and clubs are generally very safe, the nearby streets may be scenes of brawls, especially late at night. Try to avoid confrontations. Women and girls are generally less likely to be confronted or harassed since the Polish code of conduct strictly prohibits any type of violence (physical or verbal) against women. 

Pickpockets can sometimes be a problem and you should be careful to hold onto your belongings when in a large crowd or on buses (Number 175, which runs from the airport to city centre, is reportedly infamous for pickpockets and sometimes snatch-and-run thefts.). Thieves also occasionally operate on the trains from the airport.

Just like in any other major European city, football hooligans can be a problem before or after large football events. Naturally, it's best to avoid them, because they might be violent. At the same time, all major sport events are monitored and controlled by special police units, so unless you find yourself in the middle of the confrontation between hooligans and the police, you should be fine.

In 2011, the 11 November Independence March resulted in some violence between the right, the left and the police forces. While this should not discourage travellers from coming to Warsaw for the Independence Day celebrations (or for the march itself), it is worth noting that this event has become extremely politicised and may at times turn violent. Just use common sense, as you would in the case of any political marches in Europe. 
 
In case of emergencies, call emergency services. The number for the police: 997, firefighters: 998, Ambulance: 999. The common European emergency number 112 works too.

LGBT Visitors
Warsaw's said to be the most tolerant and gay friendly places in Poland ( after Poznań, Gdańsk, Kraków , Wrocław and Łódź). There's plenty of gay and gay-friendly clubs in the city. There're many LGBT events in the city. The most famous's Pride Parade Parada Równości heading in the beginning of June. It's the oldest Polish LGBT event. Some block of flats district can be much dangerous, especially after dusk.

 Cope 

Religious services
* 

* Made up of Anglicans, Episcopalians and others from the wider Anglican communion in Poland, the USA, Nigeria, the UK, Australia, China etc. The church welcomes visitors to Warsaw.

* . This is a non-denominational church with Protestant leanings. Anyone and everyone is welcome and if you're a newcomer you're likely to be greeted by people who notice a new face in the crowd. You may even be invited for coffee after the service. The congregation is made of Brits, Germans, Poles, Americans, and Aussies, and other nationalities. 

* . This is Warsaw's only Orthodox Jewish synagogue that is still in operation. 

* 

Laundry

Most hotels and hostels either offer laundry services or have washers and dryers available for use by guests. Additional fees may be incurred for use of these services or machines. Otherwise, you can find a full-service laundry shop at just about any mall, however, these might be expensive. There are self-service laundromats in Warsaw:

* 

* 

* 

Embassies

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* If you have an emergency outside of normal embassy business hours, dial the first phone number and ask to speak with an Embassy Duty Officer.

* 

Get out

* (~15 km, take the 708 bus) – A wild and beautiful primeval forest, often called the green lungs of Warsaw, and an ideal choice for a day off from the noise of the city. There is Kampinos Forest, Biosphere Reserve in the vicinity of the capital. If you are seeking peace, you will probably find it there.

* (~20 km, take the 700 bus) – A spa town with a spacious park. Famous for its clean air and high housing prices.

* (~40 km)- Jozef Chelmonski lived in modest manor house with a piece of farmland. He spent last twenty-five years of his life in rural Mazovia. Nowadays, in the chambers of neoclassical palace you can see many of Chelmonski works. They are so epic because he was painting with a great sense of color, He successfully replicated the natural beauty of that region. Bonfire among the nostalgic Mazovia scenery will be an interesting experience. Plains wide and flat as a table, small patches of forests are characteristic features of landscape. 

* (~300 km, in just under 3 hours by hourly IC/Ex trains) – The former capital of Poland, this was the European City of Culture in 2000.

* (~200 km) – A medieval city with a well preserved old town, it is now the largest city and main tourist attraction in eastern Poland.

* (~150 km, less than two hours by TLK train to Puławy, then half an hour by bus) – A Renaissance town with a picturesque marketplace, it is a hub for painters and Boheme.

* (~50 km) – The birthplace of Frederic Chopin.

* ( ~52 km) Small village famous by grave of Napoleon's army soldier Jan Kozietulski and beautiful nature landscapes.

* (~50 km) Center of Polish fruit cultivation

* (~63 km) Birthplace of Casimir Pulaski, father of American Cavalry and Polish November insurgent Piotr Wysocki