Yanji (Chinese: 延吉, Korean: 옌지) is a city in Province.

Understand
Koreans first migrated to the Yanji area after a series of famines struck in 1869. The area, called the Yanbian Chaoxianzu (Korean) Autonomous Prefecture, is the home of the largest group of ethnic Koreans living outside of Korea, and while there are a small number of expatriates from North and South Korea, most of the Koreans living here hold Chinese, not Korean citizenship. While some ethnic minorities such as the Manchus have since been assimilated by the Han, and others such as the Uyghurs and Tibetans continue to fight against the Chinese government in separatist movements, the Koreans have a unique place among China's ethnic minorities as despite being fiercely protective of their culture and language, they generally do not harbour any separatist intentions. Since large areas of Yanbian were off-limits to travelers, the tourist facilities and people who speak English are kind of non-existent at the moment but that is changing.

Unlike other Chinese cities, this little city is relatively clean and peaceful. You can find quite many cafes for this little city where serves good coffees and also you will see many tea houses (茶坐) around the city.

Internet access
Internet is pretty much readily available in many of the cafe, but be have your VPN ready if you want to check in via Facebook or Twitter as they are not allowed, like Google, here in China, but the internet is most often included for a the price of a cup of coffee.

Get in
By plane
Flights are available to all major Chinese cities and , on a daily basis from the airport (IATA: YNJ) 6km west of the train station.

By train
Yanji Zhan

* Beijing - takes about 24 hours
* Changchun - takes about 10 hours 

By bus
Dongbeiya Keyun Zhan
Location: Chang Bai Lu, northeast of the train station

* Chang Bai Shan - takes about 3-5 hours

Yanji Zhan Parking Lot

* BeiHe - takes about 4 hours

Get around
Minibuses and normal size buses with 1 yuan. Taxis' basic fee is 5 yuan.

Talk
Unsurprisingly, due to its large Korean population, the Hamgyong dialect of is widely spoken in Yanji. However, most ethnic Koreans in Yanji will be billingual in Mandarin and Korean, so Mandarin-speaking visitors should not have much of a problem. All official signs will also be written in both Chinese characters and Korean hangul.

See
* 
* 
* 

Do
Yanji City
* Yanbian University is ranked in the top tier of Chinese universities and it is the largest ethnic minority university in northeastern China. The sprawling campus is a good place for a stroll. A forested hill at the back of the campus provides an excellent view of the city. A Folk Customs Museum has been constructed on campus but as of August 2015 no exhibitions are on display.

* If you are happened to spend a couple of nights in this little city, you can check a small amusement park right next to the bridge of Yanxi st. (延西街) A dozen of small rides, and lots of beer stalls.

Surrounding Area
* Hiking in , there are a few direct tourist buss from Yanji city to a few of the most beautiful areas in the montain, the price is as low as a few Euro.

* It is possible to visit the , and in particular on visa free 1-4 day trips. Companies such as British run Koryo Tours Young Pioneer Tours or KTG can help arrange these trips for as little as a few hundred Euro.

Buy
Famous for pine mushroom. There are lots of shops in front of the train station.

Eat
Cold noodle(냉면/冷面); while the cold noodle can be found in both North and South Korea, the Korean-Chinese population in Yanji has developed a unique style of cold noodle that is only available in Yanji and surrounding area. Sweet, cold, a bit spicy at the same time. Price is 10 to 15 yuan. Some are around Renmin Road and Guangming St.

Also this city is famous for other Korean cuisines, like Korean BBQs(烧烤shaokao or 烤肉kaorou in Mandarin Chinese) and Samgyetang(삼계탕), pronounced Shenjitang in Mandarin Chinese(参鸡汤), which is herbs and ginseng chicken soup with boiled rice in it..

If you are in the area for a longer duration and start to long for "safe" (I.e. familiar) Western style cuisine check out Gina's Place, , this place has a menu catered by an American Chef!

Drink
Under South Korean influence, you can find a number of decent cafes around the city and it's a lot more than other closer bigger cities. Few clubs are scattered in the city, mostly South Korean DJs are playing Korean Pop. 

This small cozy cafe is pleasant and peaceful, which is quite rare in northeast China. Actually it's one branch from a south Korean coffee franchise company. Serves various kinds of coffees(espresso based and hand drips), smoothies, cakes and fresh fruit juices in reasonable price. Waiters will greet you in Korean, but English menu is available. Free WiFi. Located right Next to the north bus station. Although the signboard is only in Korean, you can easily find it by its bright yellow door on the north side of Aidan Road.

A nightclub that young folks go. Crowded after 10pm. South Korean DJs are playing speedy K-Pops. Even though a draft beer is 15 yuan at the bar, there are 200, 300 yuan liquor sets that you can order if you occupy a table. People do dance, but the stage is small, lots of tables. Endless small shows by Korean DJs and other entertainers.

Coffee shop located by the junction with Juzi St. Large selection of hot and cold coffee based drinks. For example: Cafe Latte (medium) was 23 RMB (Feb 2014) and good quality, strong and rich.

Respect
Despite holding Chinese citizenship, the ethnic Koreans in Yanji generally share a common culture with their and n counterparts. Various points in the respect section of the article also apply when interacting with the Yanji Koreans.

Sleep
Like many other Chinese cities, foreigners are only allowed to stay in the places that meet 'the standard', even if there are plenty of cheap inns. It means you have to pay above 100 per person in high season(in low season, it would be around 80). If it says inn (Luguan, 旅馆), you foreigners are not likely allowed to stay. If it says hotel or motel (宾馆, binguan) you might be able to stay there, but it's more expensive than those small inns. (normal inns are 20~50 yuan for a room) However there's one option below 100 yuan for foreigners.

* This little but clean motel is the best deal for a budget (foreign) traveler. A double room with a computer(internet available) and an inside toilet/hot shower with no window starts at 50 yuan even in high season. The cleanest sheets and towels than other more expensive hotels. The city center is in walking distance and the creek next to it provides a good walk path. The amusement park on riverside and the nightclub Star Box is also in walking distance. If you planned to take a taxi, don't say the road name but say Lihua Xiaoxuexiao (elementary school) since it's more famous than the names of little allies.

* 

* The reception on the first floor is for a different hotel, instead take the elevator to the 3rd floor for the correct one. Cheapest room is 139 yuan and some come without window. You can get about 15 yuan discounts when you planned to stay more than 3 days(need to make a membership card). Rooms are equipped with computer, a TV and with a bathroom inside. Water pressure is poor. Karaoke Bar is in the same building, so it can be a bit noisy around 11pm to 1am. Close to the train station as well as one of the bus stations, but not a good location if you want to hang around in the city center. The airport is a short taxi ride away that shouldn't cost more than 10-20RMB. 

Stay safe

Get out
Yanji is the gateway for , located about 5 hours southwest of town.

* Jilin - takes about 4 hours - 70 yuan for a ticket.

* Longjing - takes about 30mins - 5 yuan. Longjing is a small village where Korean famous poet Yun Dong-Ju lived. Occationsal buses go from the north bus terminal on Aidan Road.