Yibin is a city in south .

Get in

By train

Trains from Chengdu departure around 6-7 times a day. The journey can take about 7 hours, and the prices range from 50¥ - 120¥, depending on the class. The last train from Chengdu leaves around 23:30

By bus
Central Bus Station

(中心车站 zhōngxīn chēzhàn)

{| border="2" cellpadding="4" cellspacing="0" style="margin: 1em 1em 1em 0; border: 1px solid #9866FF; border-collapse: collapse;"
|- style="background-color:#f3f3ff;"
! Destinantion
! Price (¥)
! Departures (HH:MM)
! Duration (HH:MM)
! Lunch-Stop
! Last Update
|-
|
|115
|10:40
|04:00
|No
|July 2014
|}

There are buses from Chengdu Beimen bus station which arrive at Gaoke and take 3-4 hours.

Get around

By taxi
Taxi with meter is cheap, expect to pay &yen;10 from the city center to the South Bus station.

By bus

There are several routes running through the city. Fare is 2RMB. Ask locals to help with bus stops or show bus driver the stop you want in Chinese.

See
*Jiang Bei Park - 'Floating Wine Cup Brook 

Located in the Jiang Bei district in the north of the city, the park was once home to the Song dynasty poet Huang Ting Jian.
The park can be reached by the number 4 bus from the city centre (¥1)

* - Southern Sichuan Bamboo Sea 

Located 68km to the south east of Yibin city, is a seemingly endless expanse of Bamboo complete with cliff top temples, waterfalls and caves. Scenes from the movie 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon' were shot here.

Entrance Fee to the park is ¥121 (during the high season January-November and lower during the low season). 

Buses for the Bamboo Sea leave from Nan An station in the south of the city.
Most services only go as far as Chang Ning (¥16.5) where you will have to change buses for Wangli village at the west gate of the park (¥5). 
There is also now a tour bus that leaves from Nan An station. It leaves around 8.30 or 9.00 - they will wait for the bus to fill. The journey costs &yen;20 each way. The tour cost varies depending on the amount of people on the bus - it's ¥300 all up, so if there is a full bus (15 people) you'll pay ¥20 each

*Longyin Temple 龙吟寺

This temple is within the Bamboo Sea. The stairway to the temple is long and very steep. Once at the summit there are great views of the Bamboo Sea and the surrounding countryside. Saw a sea of clouds resting against the sides of the mountains. 

*Hanging Coffins of Bo People 

Hanging coffins of the Bo minority, who mysteriously disappeared some 400 years ago, can bbe found in Gongxian county (about 3 hours ride from Yibin), in a town of Luobiao. Places where they are are called Matangba and Sumawan. Matangba is about 500 meters wide from east to west, 1000 meters long from south to north with many long sweep mountains. Looking up, you can see the hanging coffins on the mountain cliffs. In Matangba there are 223 coffins, made from wooden stakes. They are above 20-30 meters high, with the highest ones of above 100 meters. You can get to Gongxian County from Yinbin by bus or train, then to the places where the most of hanging coffins are clustered, such as Matang Ba and Suma Wan by bus.

*Xingwen Shihai Geological Park 兴文石海地质公园

From Yibin the journey can take anywhere from 2.5-4 hours depending on traffic conditions. Staying a night in Xingwen is advisible. Catch a local bus from the Nan An long distance bus station in Yibin. Once in Xingwen you then have to catch another bus to go the remaining 30 minutes to the Stone Sea. This place has outstanding Karst (limestone) formations. Though you can pay extra to use the shuttles in the park, it is very walkable if you are fit and without small children. Highlights include the Giant Doline (AKA Sinkhole) which is really was BIG. You can walk right around the sinkhole and then into this massive cave. Inside the cave speleotherms are all lit up which is typical in Chinese caves. There are even ruins from the Sino-Japanese war as the cave was used to hide ammunition during World War Two. Outside the cave there are stone forests, rock mazes, rock with fossils and a museum. Kids really enjoy climbing on the limestone formation known as Clints. 

*Shi Cheng Shan - Stone City Mountain 

Shi Cheng Shan is around 60km south-west of Yibin city, close to the village of Heng Jiang. The mountain contains lakes, waterfalls, Song dynasty tombs and sweeping views of the local countryside.
 
Buses for Heng Jiang leave from the West bus station and cost around &yen;10. The journey can take up to 2hrs as the road is, for the most part, unsealed. There is, however, a new highway under construction which should be completed soon. From Heng Jiang you can hire a motorbike taxi to the mountain for about &yen;40 return.

*Li Zhuang Ancient Town 

A sleepy riverside town to the east of Yibin city with crumbling Qing dynasty buildings and pleasant tree lined streets. The town was a base for the resistance against the Japanese during the second world war and Shanghai's Tongli University was relocated here in that period.

Local bus no. 39 goes to Lizhuang from Yibin. The route starts at Gao Ke station in the north and also passes through Nan An (Nan Ke) station in the south of the city. The journey costs &yen;2 and takes around 30mins from Nan Ke or an hour from Gao Ke. Get off at the penultimate stop for the old town.

Do

Buy

Eat

Drink

Yibin is home to the famous Wu Liang Ye distillery. No visit would be complete without a shot or two of their fiery baijiu

Sleep
* Central location, clean and nice, free luggage storage, but they don't have wifi. double room with private bathroom for &yen;127. Take bus #4 from the South Bus station (Nan an).
Tianfu Hotel with wifi, economic double room without window but with bathroom for &yen;70.

*Convenient and comfortable hotel located right next to the Yibin Beimen Bus Station. Standard Queen Room can be booked through ctrip for 119RMB per night (including tax & service charges) Free WiFi. Friendly staff with basic English. Rooms are clean, bright & modern.
Take bus 4 and ask for stop 'èryīyuàn' 二医院. Take the raised pedestrian walkway across the street (if disembarking at the stop on the right hand side of the road, coming from the direction of the South bus station) and head down the street you see in front of you (Zhōngxiào St 忠孝街) You will pass a few residential buildings, shops, restaurants etc. Turn right onto Becaochang St (it's the second right) and you will see the bus station not too far ahead. Walk in that direction and you will soon see the hotel on your right with the entrance at the top of some steps.

Note June 2018: On arrival, both Hanting Express and 7 days claimed they could not accept foreign guests (despite having booked ahead and read recent reviews in English online). This appeared to be common across many hotels in Yibin.

Contact

Get out