	A Quiet Retreat	Located on a quiet, residential street in the Gold Coast, the Hotel Indigo was always a pleasure to return to during our four night stay in a hectic city.The room was very peaceful with a soothing decor of wicker furniture and murals of shells. A bit small but there was a place for everything. And the room was very quiet -- no noise from the hallway or from the outside. The hotel is also a good place if you are travelling with a dog. A dog park is only one block away and Lake Michigan with its boardwalk is only four blocks away. Restaurants are close and it is also only a short walk to shopping on Michigan Avenue. If you are looking for a small hotel in a quiet area versus a large hotel more central to downtown, the Hotel Indigo should be just right. And the door man always greeted us with a smile!	
Oct 26 2009	Beautiful getaway	I'd go back in a heartbeat! I took my daughter on a 15th birthday trip, just the two of us. We stayed at the Hotel Indigo, which reminded her of her favorite book, &quot;Alice In Wonderland&quot; as the chairs were oversized and the colors all bright blues and greens. The room was a bit small, but the service was great and the ambiance fun and friendly. Great location, with a great little cafe right down the street.	
Oct 26 2009 	Relaxing fun close to the action!	A great place to stay! Check in was a breeze. We got there early and the staff was very helpful, changing us from a non-smoking queen room to a king smoking room! The room wasn't ready yet so they held our bags for us and recommened places in the area to grab a drink &amp; bite to eat. We came back and went to our room on the 4th floor just off of the elevator. I was worried that it would be very noisy, but it was not! :) The room was so comfortable and had everything we needed. I love the shower, lots of pressure &amp; hot water. The hotel is located close to the action. Tons of places to eat, drink &amp; shop close by. The Red Line is a block away and there were always taxis out front if you don't like to walk. You can take a short stroll and the Magnificent Mile is right there to do all the shopping you could want. There is plenty to see &amp; do within blocks of the hotel. The hotel is located in a very residential area with beautiful old brownstones. The area was well lit and seemed totally safe to walk in. I would recommend the Indigo to anyone!	
Oct 22 2009 	Great decor-great staff	Went to Chicago for a long weekend with a group of 8 women who just wanted to see Chicago. The Hotel Indigo was located on a great street just blocks from the Metra but close enough to take taxis home at the end of the day or walk to Rush St. for great restaurants. On arrival, we were able to leave our bags so we could get the most out of the rest of the day &amp; when we returned around 8 o'clock, our rooms were waiting &amp; our luggage sent up. Since we were 4 in a room, they had given us their lager rooms right next to each other. We all loved the &quot;beach decor&quot; of the rooms, with the bright walls, white beds &amp; furniture &amp; large windows. All through our stay the staff at the front desk could not have been more helpful. They helped us arrange tours, get cabs for the airport and answered any questions we had with an eagerness to help. We qall loved Chicago &amp; the Hotel Indigo.	
Oct 13 2009 	wonderful experience	From the moment we arrived we were impressed. The hotel was beautiful, clean, and the staff couldn't have been nicer. Our room was large and clean. The hotel was quiet. Located near the train so we didn't need to rent a car. I would highly recommend this establishment.	
Oct 13 2009 	Bright colors cheered us up after a dreary drive.	I had two free nights via Priority Club, so I used them for Hotel Indigo in Chicago. Originally I had asked for a king room, but later, my step-daughter decided to go along, and I asked to change to a double queen. No problem. After a dreary, rainy drive, the bright colors, great smell, and fun look of the lobby really cheered us up. The staff treated us just like paying customers, and were courteous, friendly and helpful. We had gotten there early but were able to get our room right away. We used the valet parking which made everything simple for unloading our car, and actually never took it out again until we left. When we saw our room we were truly delighted. The room was very large, (for Chicago, it was huge!) with the two queen beds, a sitting area with a table, two chairs and an armchair and the bathroom (admittedly small, the only downside of the room). We were on the front side of the building, over Dearborn Parkway, on the 9th floor, and could even see the Lake--what a great view. We found a goody bag with cashews and chocolates, another nice thing after driving, waiting for us with a pleasant note in it. The beds were comfortable, the shower, although very small, had great water pressure and was nice and hot. The Aveda products were a plus. I've also stayed at Hotel Indigo in Fishers, Indianapolis and found both to be good experiences--fun, lively, bright colors, just a lot different from the other chain hotels, making the stay a relaxing, interesting visit. I really can't find anything to complain about!	
Oct 8 2009 	Fun trendy hotel. . .just don't look too closely.	Fun,bold colors really make these hotel rooms pop. But don't look too closely or you'll discover that everything is put together rather cheaply. The shower walls are plastic made to look like stone. The polished hardwood floors are really particle type boards and so on. If we hadn't gotten this through Priceline, I would have been disappointed paying full price. We were fortunate and received a room with two queen beds. It was pretty spacious for a Chicago hotel. However, someone else in our party had only one queen bed and their room was TINY. Not too far from Lincoln park and the zoo. Parking is expensive but you get in and out privileges and it's only valet.	
Oct 8 2009 	very average hotel	I stayed with two girlfriends for a girls weekend trip (we're in our 40s). The location is great and the staff was nice enough. There was a huge spill on the wall near the bathroom which they sent someone up right away to clean when we called about it. Cleanliness was average. We stayed in a standard two-bed room. The rooms are nothing special. They have a bright, European-type decor but are pretty standard otherwise. Nice to have a little table with chairs to sit at. Our room faced the street and it was nice to peer into the gorgeous apartments across the street! The breakfast area food did not look good and I would not recommend it.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Experience!	I just wanted to say from the moment I arrived until when I left I felt very taken care of and I had a great experience. The Door man I am sorry I forgot his name but worked both nights was both friendly and knowledgable. Liza at the font desk was amazing! Upon my arrival she remembered that I had called earlier, checked me into a very nice room, called to make sure everything was great, and also the next night remembered my name and sent up some fruit and a card to my room! She is a great asset to this hotel. The hotel was beautiful but even if it was'nt the staff made my stay! Thank you!Justine Alexander	
Sep 29 2009 	Great location and value	The hotel is very quaint, cozy and inviting. The rooms are adorable. They have free internet and printing which is great for being in the city. The rooms carry Aveda products which is another plus! Location is great...right next to bars and restaurants and the subway. It's a great location in the gold coast without paying expensive downtown chicago prices. The staff were helpful, esp. management. Very professional and when I complained about something they handled it right away both professionally and expeditiously with courtesy. That's a huge plus as management is present, visible and active. They also got me into my room right away despite checking in early and when their internet was down they let me use the one in their office so I could get some business emails sent. I would def. recommend this hotel and stay here again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Do Not Stay here	I am really suprised to see that people rate this as a 3 and 4 star hotel. The place was creepy. I checked into the hotel around 9:30 pm and I was exhausted. I am getting ready for bed and a 1/2 later the front desk calls and wants to know if everything thing is okay.....kind of wierd. Then I actually get into bed and find a drop of dried blood on the comforter the size of a quarter. Not to mention I never really fell asleep because the air conditioner was so loud. Than too make matters worse the blow dryer didn't work, so I had to leave for work with wet hair because I was running late and I knew the front desk would take a year to bring up a new one. Checkout: The front desk said that the comforters are washed after each guest??? The reaction to the blow dryer: Did you hit the hit the reset button? Ummm yeah and I tried a different plug well it was my fault I was going to work with wet hair because I should have called and asked for a new blow dryer.	
Sep 14 2009 	Perfect Location	We stayed for a week and were very pleased with the location of this hotel. Easy to get to anything we wanted to do. Lots of places within walking distance. The train is within a couple of blocks and is easy get anywhere. Convenience stores, restaurants and night life close by. Hotel is located in a nice, safe residential neighborhood . The staff was very attentive and helpful. We did not even bother with a car the whole time as it was not needed.	
Aug 25 2009 	Delightful Hotel - Fabulous Location	We found Hotel Indigo upon realizing that my old, cheap, fav, Days Inn on N. Clark, had closed... Indigo was more expensive, but considerably less than other Gold Coast locations, with a parking ramp next door, and located one block from the subway. What a great surprise! With decor based on aesthetics, the Golden Mean, and art symbolism, the Indigo was a treat for the senses - funky, comfortable furniture, unique wall coverings, interesting spaces, awesome colors. It was more like visiting the comfortable home of an artist than staying in a hotel. The staff were wonderful. We've found a wonderful place to go back to in Hotel Indigo!	
Aug 22 2009 	Not happy with the service	We just returned from 2 nights in Chicago and stayed at the Indigo in the Gold Coast area. This is a great area to stay as it is within walking distance to lots of great restaurants, the EL, and sights. This is why we chose the Indigo. It is a &quot;cute&quot; hotel and the doorman could not be more helpful. But it stopped with the doorman! My husband is a frequent traveller and we were upgraded to a &quot;suite&quot; on the 14th floor. Mind you, we knew beforehand the rooms were quite small and this also goes for our &quot;suite&quot; but it was fine for the 2 nights we were in town. We went out sightseeing in the morning and when we returned around 3 PM our room was still not serviced. We had to call the front desk for clean towels and when they still did not arrive, I had to find the attendant's cart and get my own towels, shampoo etc. Also, I woke up at night and stepped in a puddle of water from a malfunctioning air conditioner. We notified the front desk when we left in the morning and again, it was never attended to and once again there was a puddle of water near the bed which we used all the clean towels to mop up ourselves. I would recommend staying in this nice neighboor atmosphere, but don't recommend the Indigo.	
Aug 22 2009 	perfect in every way	We visited Chicago for a weekend getaway. Jersey Boys, Great Food and Nightlife. The Hotel was really an afterthought but we were pleasantly surprised. The staff was the absolute best and our room was spacious and had a terrific view of the city. The neighborhood can't be beat - and we visit chicago a lot! I have never written a review before but my friends suggested that I tell you about my stay. &quot;oh, what a night! &quot;.	
Aug 21 2009 	The cutest hotel EVER!	I got a great price for the Indigo Gold Coast through Priceline. Usually I stay closer to Wacker when in Chicago but I liked the idea of experiencing a different part of downtown.The hotel lobby is bright and welcoming. The front desk folks were attentive and I got my room assignment quickly. When I opened the door, I let out a little &quot;Oh my!&quot; when I saw the room. The decorations are NOT what you would see in a typical hotel chain. Fresh, unique, bright and beachy. The ice bucket is a tin pail!I liked having wood floors (they are much cleaner) and the bed was super comfortable. The white pillowcases had &quot;Curl Up.&quot; embroidered on them. Awwww! The 'Melitta One:One' coffee maker was awesome and I am going to purchase one just like it.I thought the room was very clean, as was the hotel in general.The only complaints I had - there was no pen or paper in the room and I needed to jot down a phone number. Maybe there was one, but I couldn't find it. The ice and snack machines are located on one floor only, the 2nd, and if you are staying on the 14th floor, that takes a while. (The elevators were a little slow.) If I were staying in the room with someone else, I would ask for a room with two beds just to get more room. I thought the room I had (Rm 1412) was a little smaller than I would prefer, but I was staying alone. Still, the smallish room wouldn't keep me from coming back again with my husband.	
Aug 17 2009 	Fantastic little hotel	Great location, superior service, clean and comfy. With the great rate I got on Hotwire, I'd say there was no better option in Chicago in that price range. The folks at the front desk, the bellmen and the bartender were all very friendly and accommodating. The hotel is around tons of restaurants and bars in a very nice neighborhood and there are even a couple of drugstores and a grocery within a block or two. Only a four or five block walk to the lakefront. This was a perfect spot for our weekend getaway and we would definitely stay again and recommend it to friends.	
Aug 10 2009 	Pretty Average	Great price booking on-line, nothing fancy, no parking, great doorman and lobby staff.	
Aug 3 2009 	Average at Best	My family and I found this hotel on Priceline at the last minute and were pleased with the location and the price, but I'm glad I didn't pay any more than I did. The website gave the impression that they had double rooms with queens, double rooms with doubles, and king rooms. When I arrived, however, I was told that I had been given a single queen room. I asked if there was anything else available and was told that I could have a double queen room for an upcharge. When I asked if I could have a rollaway bed, also indicated on the website, the women at the desk said, &quot;It already has two beds&quot; and offered no other explanation. When I asked why that mattered, she said that it was against the law to put another bed in the room. Overall, she was very condescending and rude, a stereotypical &quot;city snob.&quot; The room was nice but showed some wear. The fitness center had a diverse collection of equipment that was well-maintained. The best part about the hotel was its very convenient location.The only convenient parking option was the valet garage next door. The garage clearly gives discounts for patrons who get their tickets validated at about 10 nearby stores, but hotel guests pay full price--$37 for 24 hours.Rude staff, good location, but there are definitely nicer people and better places to stay in Chicago.	
Aug 1 2009 	Worst experience ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Staff was rude,room was dirty(there was poop in the toilet when i arrived), and i was given a different room than i had prev booked, then when i told them about the room they said i could have the room i had prev booked for an up charge........I will never stay here again!!!!!!!! There are soooooooo many nice hotels in chicago....But, this is not one of them!!!!!!!!	
Jul 22 2009 	Decent but not great	This was a family trip with a 5 year old so that is the perspective from which my review is based.Overall, I would say this hotel is just average, not sure why it has such a high rating on here.Here are my pros:- Unique hotel with vibrant colors throughout, definitely not your usual downtown business oriented hotel. Felt more like a beach front property than a downtown hotel. - Free Wireless Internet- Very friendly staff. - Very clean. - Close to the subway. - Close to a couple supermarkets and the friendliest Dunkin Donuts I have ever been to.- Fitness centreHere are my cons:- Rooms can be absolutely tiny. We were initially given a room with only one queen (very problamatic for the three of us). This room was the size of a shoe box, ridiculously tiny. Not sure how we would have survived if we had to stay in this room for all three nights (luckily we were able to get a bigger room with two beds after the first night). - tiny bathrooms with no tubs, only stand up showers (even in the bigger room we got - in fact the bigger room had a smaller washroom)- Parking is absolutely insane (but I think this is more a commentary on Chicago in general). $37/night valet parking, I think I saw another self park place about a block away (near Rush and Division) for about $30 - still very expensive- location I am putting under cons because I felt this was only convenient if you are interested in the night life area of town, for us as a family this was obviously not the case. Basically this is at the north end of downtown, so everything is either a relatively long walk, subway ride, or cab ride south.- very overpriced if you try to book with them directly and even through Priceline I thought I paid too much for what I was getting- no poolOverall, I wouldn't really want to stay at this hotel again mainly due to the location and the fact that we might get stuck in a tiny room again (seriously the single-bed rooms are dorm-like tiny)	
Jul 16 2009	Absolutely the best experience!	My sisters and I gifted our mother with a trip to Chicago for her birthday. We stayed at the Hotel Indigo May 12 and 13, 2009. We booked the hotel upon recommendation from a coworker of mine, and we were not disappointed. As a matter of fact, we adored the hotel and its staff! The hotel was bright, cheery and clean. The staff bent over backwards to be accommodating and friendly. We had to cancel our first reservation, but the person on the phone was happy to help us both times. We arrived early, prepared to check luggage and tour before checking in, but a room was immediately available, even fulfilling a request for a nice view. Two of the front desk receptionists learned our first names and called out greetings every time we entered the lobby. My mother had just recovered from skin cancer surgery, and these same women treated us as preferred guests, making sure we had everything we could possibly need, including a small refrigerator delivered to the room, a birthday balloon and cupcakes, a card wishing her well and happy birthday, and full directions to any sites about which we inquired. One night upon late return from eating way too much delicious food at Greek Islands restaurant on Halsted Street in Greektown, we wished for a soda. The machine was inoperative, and the night clerk noticed I was returning to the elevator with dollar bill in hand, but nothing else. She asked if there was something she could do, then dashed off to get complimentary glasses of iced soda from the lobby deli which was closed for the evening. We lacked for nothing! Several points of interest about the hotel include a CVS pharmacy with a pre-packaged fresh food and grocery section only half a block away, plenty of fast food and coffee shops within a block’s walk, a subway stop only one block away, a nice little internet nook with a working printer which was useful for hardcopies of last minute tour reservations, and a safe clean neighborhood location. Even though the hotel is close to the waterfront, and not the airport, we easily caught the subway directly from O'Hare to within a block of the hotel, with only one changeover at a centralized station. We did have to carry suitcases up stairs at the stop nearest the hotel, but that was not a problem for us. Perhaps another stop would have an elevator and then a short cab ride would get you to the hotel? CTA would be able to help with that question. The ride from the airport to the hotel was approximately 40 minutes, but we enjoyed seeing different parts of the city for the aboveground portions as we traveled. We purchased a three day subway pass with unlimited rides at the airport kiosk for fourteen dollars, so our transportation to and from the hotel was included in that price. What a bargain! (The pass is good for the subway and city buses. All were clean and efficient and easy to access.)We enjoyed the city immensely, its people were unbelievably genuinely friendly, and we definitely recommend the Hotel Indigo as the best place to relax and receive excellent service.	
Jul 10 2009 	Comfortable clean room friendly helpful service great location.	We arrived in Chicago at 1130am, too early to check in. Hotel Indigo reception gladly took our bags and stored them safely for us until it was check in time. When we returned to check in, a friendly hotel porter took our bags and led us to our room. On the way we asked where to find Goose Island Brewery and he didn't know but said he would check for us. Almost within minutes, someone fro the front desk rang our room to let us know where it was. The rooms are clean and comfortable, but rather small. We weren't looking to spend much time in the room as we wanted to see as much of the city as possible, so it suited us. The location was perfect, in a quiet neighborhood so we could sleep, but just around the corner within easy walking distance were several bars and restaurants. Easy access to the Clark/Division stop on the Red line.	
Jun 15 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I just returned from a fantastic stay at Hotel Indigo. It was unlike any hotel we had ever stayed at. The decor had a chic, beachy feel and we couldn't help but smile at all the warm and vibrant colors that surrounded us. It has a central location; is close to the Magnificent Mile, Lakeshore Drive and popular Rush Street. The staff was kind and offered their advice for the many questions we had since this was our first trip to Chicago. We are already looking forward to our next trip and we will definitely stay at Hotel Indigo again:)	
Jun 15 2009 	This hotel is beautiful and "fancy" but everyone there very down to earth and we were comfortable.	The elegance of this hotel was so unique but the staff were always available for any of our needs. We felt very much at home here and hope others learn of our secret of &quot;Hotel Indigo.&quot; Can't wait to go back.	
Jun 10 2009 	Decent hotel held back by lousy housekeeping and maintenance	I got a great deal here through a third party, and as usual, had little recourse when things went bad. (You get what you pay for.) If you're planning to stay here, you should know that the facility itself is showing significant signs of wear and tear. My room was poorly maintained -- significant rusting on the cheap-looking bathroom light fixture, serious mold on the ceiling above the shower, brown nicotine residue on the previously-nice white furniture and television screen, masses of dust on everything from the window ledge to the throw pillows on the bed. Smoke detector hanging from the ceiling by bare wires, set off by every cloud of steam from the shower. Oh, and the wireless signal was terrible. I called down. &quot;That side of the building is spotty, sir.&quot; (Then fix it.) At least she offered to move me, but it was two o'clock in the morning. I declined, passed out, woke up sniffling, sneezing and scratching my eyes thanks to dust allergies. I never got around to moving -- too busy working. Bottom line - once-nice facility held back by terrible housekeeping and maintenance teams. Management can argue or self-flagellate all it wants on Tripadvisor; maybe less time doing that and more time spent training the depressingly mediocre staff. Thanks in advance!	
May 29 2009 	Great Location - but an be a bit cheaper	the hotel is small and nice. staff are friendly. and it is in close proximity to the magnificent mile - the main attraction of the city.downsides: the breakfast options are soooo limited and the bathroom is small. The rate was around $250/night.. can be a bit better.overall... it is a good hotel if you plan to spend most of your time on the road between meetings and siteseeing.	
May 20 2009 	Perfect place for girls' weekend out!	My girlfriend from Tennessee and I stayed here after receiving a recommendation from my BIL who stays here frequently for business. We were going to stay way out in Oakbrook due to $$ issues, but we have absolutely NO regrets for spending a bit more and staying at Hotel Indigo. The location is perfect, perfect, perfect and the hotel itself is wonderful. We really enjoyed it. So much is convenient: Starbucks, a Walgreens, Dunkin Donuts, clubs, restaurants and the Red line of the CTA. I used the little workout room on Saturday morning and felt it was generously appointed for a hotel gym. Really enjoyed the decorating, room design, comfortable beds, and Aveda products in the room. The hotel staff were very helpful on Friday when I was driving in from Michigan and gave me a turn-by-turn to get to the hotel when I couldn't handle the freeway anymore.One note: maybe it's just because I'm small-town, but the parking price for the ramp next door is ridiculous. I spent $78 from Friday pm to Sunday at noon. Next time, I'll take the Amtrack to Chicago and the train to the hotel. We're planning on coming back next spring with a couple more friends and staying here - we really enjoyed it.	
May 12 2009 	Great Hotel in a great location	I have stayed at this hotel a couple times. The Hotel Indigo Chain is a fantastic idea by Intercontinental Hotels (Holiday Inn) to provide a line fun/casual botique hotels in downtown locations. This hotel is in a fantastic location surrounded by ultra high end Chicago Brownstones. The Hotel Indigo is still a somewhat new chain and they are trying to find the balance between a full service and a casual hotel experience. The room service is so-so. Meals are delivered in disposable packaging which is a strange decision considering most companies are trying to go &quot;green&quot;. Don't be afraid to raise any concerns to the Managers, Intercontinental is trying to make this chain succeed and any/all feedback is good for them to hear. My favorite part about this chain is that the rooms are all unique in a modern theme and they ALWAYS use wood type floors instead of carpet.	
May 2 2009 	Very Comfortable hotel.....	We stayed at the Hotel Indigo for the first time this past April. The hotel was extremely comfortable. Loved the decor and how neither of our rooms felt like cookie cutter room. They even brought use a fridge, which was not standard.Our biggest concerns was the shower curtain was moldy at the bottom. I would hope they could exchange this for a clean one. The rug in our room was ripped and torn looking. My other concern was when we tried to exchange some change for dollar bills at the front desk the clerk treated my nieces like she was put out. So i had to go and exchange our coins. Although the only reason why we needed dollar bills was because there pop machines change slot was broke and would only accept our dollars.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great place - would definitely stay here again	3 of us stayed at the Hotel indigo last weekend and we had a great time. All the staff were friendly and the decor is cool, a bit different from the other chain of hotels. We went out Friday night to all the local bars and had a great time, very safe and no taxi required. While there is a restaurant onsite we had breakfast around the corner in the local coffee shop which is good value, friendly and serves good food. The doormen were very friendly and arranged cabs for us and cars to the airport, the desk staff recommended their favourite deep dish pizza place to us and most importantly there is a great shower there.We're only 10 minutes from Michigan Avenue. 1 issue is that the wireless in the rooms wasn't great and was stronger at reception but in general this is a really good hotel in a quiet street just a few blocks from where it all happens.	
Apr 23 2009 	Nice stay!! Very nice hotel	Just stayed at the Hotel Indigo downtown Chicago and had a very pleasant experience! The bed was SUPER comfortable, the staff were all very friendly and accomodating, and the decor of the hotel was very refreshing and beachy. Very cute! I must say, the water pressure in the shower was great too! Only little things are I was unable to close a drape in the room to block out the sun and get privacy-there was only a sheer piece of fabric there and a decorational curtain that wouldn't go down. So that was a tad annoying- and I wish there was a rug also right next to the bed since there are hardwood floors. There was just one at the end of the bed. Also-the hotel is a tad off the beaten path but definitely on a quiet street where I could hear the birds chirping outside which was nice.All in all though-the room was great and a wonderful price- would stay again!!!!	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Location 	My husband and I and our two girls (13,16) stayed here for one night. We stayed in room 1415. It was the quietest hotel room I've ever stayed in. The location is excellent. It's in a residential area so it's quiet. There is a nice cafe just a few doors down for breakfast or a Starbuck's on the corner. We walked to Oak Street Beach, Rush Street, Michigan Ave and just strolled around the neighborhood. The girls loved shopping on Oak Street and then took a cab to State Street for more shopping. The staff was very friendly and very knowledgeable about the area. We will definately stay here again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Beautiful Place...Beautiful People...Beautiful Stay	I was in town for a one day conference and I found the amazing place. The hotel is well decorated and definately had their &quot;theme&quot; but all in all it was very relaxing and very comfortable. It is exactly what you expect and then some from a chain hotel. The staff is great. The found theatre tickets and reccomended amazing places to eat. Being from Chicago originally I wanted to know some new things I may not have been to...and they sent me to some great places I would not have ever thought to go to. I might add that my co workers loved the reccomendations and I was a hit at the meeting the next day.Its a super fantastic chain hotel that I would strongly reccomend!	
Apr 2 2009 	I have never ever been treated so well or felt so unique!	It's taken me ages to write this review...for no good reason other than a tendency to get distracted!I stayed in this hotel in December while I was attending the RSNA conference. Each year thousands of radiologists descend on Chicago and take over most of the hotel beds making it a very busy time for everyone. I was placed in Hotel Indigo but the organisers and was a little concerned after reading the previous reviews. I e-mailed the hotel before I arrived to request a fridge (thanks to tips from previous reviewers) and was pleasantly surprised by the quick and friendly response from the manager, Seán.On arrival I was met by a friendly doorman who carried my bags inside. Check-in was effortless (and sweet thanks to the candy bowl) and I was given a room on the 12th floor. Reception was small but welcoming-a very laid-back, beachy feeling in snowy Chicago!My room was small, but I was on my own so that wasn't a huge issue. No fridge so I rang down and had one in my room in under 5 minutes. Everything in the room was completely spotless. Big TV with cable channels, free WiFi and a coffee maker. Alarm clock is a nice touch. The bathroom was small but immaculately clean and stocked with Aveda products. Bed was sooo comfy. Slept like a log each night.Breakfast wasn't included in my room rate and I just had my own anyway but there were very affordable options in the little restaurant downstairs. I did avail of their Starbucks coffee and loved the staff there. I only got coffee maybe 4 times but the staff were so friendly and remembered me. It was lovely!The onsite gym is open all day and accessible by keycard. It's small with 2 treadmills, bike, elliptical, stepper, weight machines and free weights. The equipment is in good order however and they have pretty much everything you could want-including kettlebells, Bosus and extensive free weights. Loved it! Potential temptation lay in the snack machines just outside the door ;-) Didn't use the hairdressers or spa but it looked clean and friendly. There was also a business centre downstairs with 2 computers and printing facilities. Very handy for online flight check-in!I was allowed to get a package delivered to the hotel which was extremely handy. I was also completely overwhelmed by the helpful attitude of one of the reception staff. I have unfortunately forgotten her name, but believe she was from the Czech republic. She went above and beyond the call of duty to help my fax details when I was trying to order a digital camera and helped me with problems with the order. When I was leaving she gave me a photo album to use with the new camera. Apparently the hotel has a little fund for such little gifts. I have never ever been treated so well or had such a good experience and I have stayed in many hotels and guesthouses. I was upset leaving because everyone was so sweet from the doormen to reception to the guy on the early coffee shift...Location is great, only a few minutes from Michigan Avenue and within a few blocks of Whole Foods and a Dominick's. Starbucks and Walgreens are on the corner and the Ambassador East hotel is on the next block.I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. It is exactly what I'd want from a boutique hotel-cosy, quirky, homely...and above all, outstanding and personal customer service.	
Feb 24 2009 	Unique hotel close to everything!	I really enjoyed Hotel Indigo in Chicago. I loved the location, close enough to walk downtown but away from all the traffic etc. There are plenty of restaurants, bars, a Starbucks, a Walgreens and a Jewel Osco within a block or so though the hotel itself is in a residential area. We were visiting a son the next street over and it was quite convenient (though the bars do let out at 4:00 am a half a block away). Our room was comfortable and quiet though rather small. The only problem we had was with the parking. Due to some unforseen circumstances, we had 2 cars in hotel parking some of the 2 nights we were there. Our parking bill was $108, as much almost as the hotel. I was charged $32 more beyond the daily charge even though my car was only in parking less than 24 hours. Parking in Chicago is expensive, yes, but shouldn't be that expensive.	
Feb 21 2009 	Excellent!	I stayed in this hotel with 4 other friends. Yes five us us to one room. Going into this experience I thought it was going to be hell, 5 people to one room! As it turned out it was actually really great. We had two double beds in our room and a cot. The bed I slept in was really comfortable. I loved the linens they used. Nice, crisp and comfortable. I really liked the decor. I know it's not everyone's taste but I do like more a modern theme. The television was a normal size and not a flat screen which I thought was weird given the nice modern theme. I have to say my favorite part about this room was the bathroom. I really like how it was designed with kind of like an open shower. It did not have a bath tub just the shower, which was fine with me. And finally it had free wifi! Which, being a tech professional I really appreciate! I hate when hotels want to charge for internet access. So overall great experience. I did think it was kind of pricy but given it's location in Chicago, you'll have that.	
Jan 26 2009 	Mostly a Positive Experience	This hotel was booked using rewards points. However, it was expressed by the person I travelled with that the amount of points it cost seemed a bit excessive, but it was a Friday night and a very last minute booking. We were just grateful for a nice (and very clean) place to stay.Upon arrival we were standing 2nd in line for check in. The person at the desk called for help and we were quickly attended to. Within 5 minutes we arrived at our room. The crisp blue themed decor was very nice (though not my personal taste) and the amenities were ample. This theme was carried out through the hotel and was a nice visual change to the normal beige scene.The room size was above average, however, the set up for the king room was slightly odd. The tv was a traditional 32 inch and the bed was on the far side of the room. Even with my glasses, I sometimes had a difficult time making everything out.The bathroom was large, the Aveda bath products were appreciated, and the linens were very nice for a hotel.The bed itself was well appointed with very nice linens.My only complaint was the heating/cooling system. No matter how much we messed with it, the room was either freezing or steamy. Even when it was turned off, it kicked on periodically and was extremely loud (to the point of needing to adjust the tv volume). There was a thermostat on the wall, but it was disconnected and we could not get it to work.Unfortunately, the temperature issue turned an above average stay into just average.	
Dec 28 2008 	Cute bright clean friendly	My daughter and I spent two nights at this very pretty hotel. The weather was awful---2 degrees with strong winds--so we did not hurry out in the morning. I picked up coffee, juice, bagels, and yogurt downstairs, and we watched &quot;Home for the Holidays&quot; on the TV while we stayed in bed. The beds were so comfortable, the room was so bright and did not look like any other hotel room I had stayed in (big indigo prints, with bright coral walls for accents). We had fun.	
Dec 17 2008 	wonderful experience	Short business trip that became extended due to weather delays. But if I was going to get snowed in anywhere - I choose the Indigo Chicago. Staff was very helpful and concerned about me getting home. Hotel was very clean and comfortable.	
Dec 15 2008 	Cute rooms...but not worth the price	Cute rooms with fantastic comfy beds. Very, very clean. But...during my stay I was told that they do not do check in prior to 4pm, then they shoo you out by noon the next day. Several non essential, but wish they had worked, things were not working in my room (like, remote, in room movie menu option, thermostat), that made the price a little hard to swallow. Seems like the rooms are not checked regularly. Maid service was very, very loud and very, very early, which, again, considering the price was annoying. Front desk was not particularly helpful or friendly.	
Dec 9 2008 	clean comfortable and charming!	stayed with family with children. rooms big enough, nice decor, accomodated our request to get 2 rooms together. we found the staff to be friendly and helpful. view was good and location great! clean, clean, clean!! and one of my family members is a germophobe and she even commented on how clean it was! we would definitely stay again.	
Dec 8 2008 	A good kind of strange!	Just finished a stay at this quirky, strange and endearing little hotel near the Magnificent Mile and am leaving pleasantly surprised by it. Of course, like any hotel, there are a few downsides:-THIRTY-SIX dollars a day for parking!! A staggering amount for putting your car in a spot for a few hours!!-Rooms are very small. Hard to navigate where you plan on placing things in your room.-In my room (610), the curtains couldn't be raised or lowered, as the cords were tangled in a maze that I tried, but could never figure out how to untangle.Among the many positives of this hotel:-Wonderful, tropical feel that's sunny and happy.--Cool colors and furniture selections in rooms, including a very neat espresso-pod machine in each room for a high-quality cup of coffee.-Aveda products are ALWAYS a plus in any hotel!-Very comfortable bedding!-FREE internet connection was an unexpected plus for a city hotel. In fact, it's downright rare!-Quiet halls, nice clock radios, and functional workout room are nice little toppings to round things out.While I have stayed in a hundred fancier hotels with more amenities, this one is simply an offbeat little treat that breaks the monotony of hotel rooms up for a road warrior like me. Definitely worth a try!	
Nov 16 2008 	Small Rooms Small Service	I booked this trip through Hotwire for $99, but it was not worth it. Hotwire said 3 and a half stars, but it should have been 2 and a half. Room 1404 - The room was 10x14 feet and it had an overhang, very very small room. The shade was broken, the menu was dirty and again, the room was tiny!We couldn't check in until after 4pm, which meant delaying our plans. Also, parking was $36 and dont try to park on the street overnight b/c you'll get a $60 ticket. Opt for the better 4 star hotel near the magnificent mile. Next time, I am booking 4 stars or better if its on hotwire.NEVER GO BOUTIQUE!!!!	
Oct 9 2008 	Nice change of pace to stay at an "urban beach house"	This was my 2nd time staying at this hotel - and I've enjoyed it both times! It's really hard to believe this place is related to Holiday Inn!!LOCATION-Awesome. In the fairly quiet section of Gold Coast. Plenty of restaurants, stores, etc, just around the corner. The Red line subway is very close as well. In a very walkable area!!!SERVICE-I agree with a couple other reviews. The staff can be slightly aloof, but for the most part nice and helpful. But that's really what you would expect from a boutique-type property, right?ROOMS-Unique. Pretty hard to describe the vibe if you haven't been there. It feels sort of like an urban beach house with a whimsical edge. Different than any hotel you have stayed with before, trust me!!! I like it. Tiny rooms (think NYC), but some unexpected touches. The bathrooms and cool (a bit minimalistic) with a stand-up shower.Great bedding and pillows!NOISE-It was out of hand this time. I was at the end of the hallway (room 913) and the noise from the maids was awful. Woke me up before 0700 and it never really stopped. I blasted the A/C for some white noise and was able to get a little more sleep. You might want to request a room AWAY from the maid closet!!!GYM-Very nice for such a small property. Pretty much anything you might need, although it's a LITTLE outdated. Hard to complain though - most boutique hotels don't have any gym.You really should try this place. It's not for everyone. However, it's nice to steer away from predictable hotel rooms for a change!!FYI-They have larger rooms available in case you have a larger group or family. I actually think this would be a good place to stay with kids, too!	
Sep 28 2008 	Avoid the beige and go for this hotel with character!	Bored of beige/neutral and samey hotels, I spent a while searching the web before booking this hotel. I chose it to visit the city as a tourist and not as a business traveller - if you want a hotel to specifically cater for the later, you probably should consider elsewhere.Arrived in town to a bright and airy reception with cinnamon/apple fresh odour. The corridors upstairs are a little pokey, but to be expected with a older building. However, the rooms are really great. Vibrant colours, good soft furnishings and and a decent amount of space. Wooden desk, wardrobe and chair, soft armchair and footstool, in room safe big enough to take a 17&quot; laptop and huge very comfortable bed. The in room coffee maker was neat. Downside was the shower room which was small with no space to place ones own toiletries. The complimentary Aveda products were a nice sweetner, but if you like wallowing in the bath, these bathrooms are not for you! Whilst the windows actually open, unfortunately we were close to the air con. vent, so it did sound a bit like a 747 outside the room! I only stayed 2 nights, and if staying longer might have asked to move to a quieter room, however, overall I was happy with the room in a great area of town.	
Sep 23 2008 	A disappointment	I read a review that said be careful - I should have listened. Its average in terms of ammenities -short on service -for example: I arrived and had a business colleague with me who decided to join me at the last minute. I had a reservation -he did not. I checked in -no problem -he asks about availability, front desk says &quot;yes&quot; -so he tries to take the next step - get a room &amp; check in &quot; I'm sorry -you have to call -we cannot book you here at the front desk -only reservations can do that&quot; -we take the phone number -call it -it rings in the back -we are literally standing in the lobby talking to someone 50 ft away from the front desk who now tells us &quot; yes we have rooms -but a 2 night minimum.&quot;Go figure -here we are, unable to get a room when they are available -and a very uncooperative front desk who just shrugs at us...so he goes down to Embassy suites -gets a bigger room and lower rate!!If Holiday Inns wants to make a go of this new brand -they have ALOT of work to do - I'll never be back.	
Sep 3 2008 	Come back for more	We have stayed at the Indigo before. Great location, great staff. My sister stayed there too, and just loved it! Great farmer's market on Saturday down the street, right across from Starbucks and Walgreens. Some upkeep could be done to the hotel, but we just love its funkiness and charm. Very accommodating for handicap/assistance. We keep coming back again and again.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Location	My husband was taking a training at the hotel, so we opted to stay on-site. I believe he paid about $139 a night but I'm not sure.The hotel is in an excellent location in the Gold Coast area. The El-train red line is a 2 minute walk away, the walk to the &quot;Magnificant Mile&quot; is about 15 minutes, and to the loop is about 20-25 minutes. The Oak Street beach is about 5-10 minutes away on foot as well. Our room was two double-beds - a little on the small side so may not be suitable to those with small families. However, for us, we didn't need more room. Rooms do not have mini-fridges, however, the hotel has 3-4 that you can request to use. We got the last one available and called a couple weeks before to reserve it - if you need / want a fridge make sure to request it early.The shampoo/conditioner/soap are all Aveda products which is very nice, rooms were kept very clean and the decor is bright and pleasant. Beds were comfortable.Front desk staff were helpful when needed.There is a great brunch spot two doors down called &quot;Third Coast&quot; on the corner of Dearborn and Goeth.	
Aug 18 2008	Miinor problem exacerbated	As past visitors on multiple occasions to Hotel Indigo, we have generally been satisfied with our experience. With every visit we request a minor convenience that we know cannot be assured, but has been provided without a problem on previous stays.We were somewhat concerned about an understaffed front desk upon check-in, and that was a predictor of our problem the remainder of the day. Our aforementioned convenience was forthcoming soon, we were told, but it took the staff several hours to finally inform us they could not accomodate us till much later in the day. Calls to housekeeping and management went unanswered. More timely communication would have allowed our schedule for the rest of the day to be less uncertain. As Janie hinted in an earlier review, the staff attitude at Hotel Indigo seemed markedly more aloof and disinterested this trip. A hip, casual attitude is not necessarily conducive to satisfied guests.On the positive side, we were able to check in late in the morning which was appreciated. But, over the past couple years we have noticed wear and tear rapidly overtaking the property. Too bad--the location is perfect for our purposes, but we will be exploring other options for our next visit.	
Aug 14 2008 	A slice of heaven	A friend recommended the Indigo Hotel. It couldn't have been a better suggestion. The room was delightful and the staff was extremely helpful. I loved the decor and ambience of the neighborhood. Great location - I walked to the beach, restaurants, shopping and even to the zoo. The hotel was very busy but everyone I came into contact with had a smile and wanted to make sure that I was having fun. I will recommend it to everyone I know.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great location small boutique feel	Stayed at this hotel for a few nights and was very impressed. It is located in a beautiful tree lined street just minutes walk to everything. The rooms were unlike anything I have ever seen before. Decorated like a beach house. Very modern, funky and fresh. The bed was comfortable and amenities were great. Free internet was also a big plus!	
Aug 12 2008 	Indigo doesn't measure up to its own aspirations	My husband and I stayed in late July for 4 nights. This was our third stay at H. I., and it will be our last. There was no dramatic bad experience, but for $250 a night, it doesn't measure up. Indigo has a contract with one of the airlines to house their overseas flight crews. The airline crews get to check out of the hotel after 5 pm, which means that the hotel has a shortage of rooms for people checking in. The email that I received from the hotel a couple of days before our stay had a cheery message, &quot;Your room is ready!&quot; The email stated that check-in time was 3 pm. We arrived at 3:40 and were told that check-in was at 4 pm and that our room was not ready. We walked over to the Starbuck's and hung out for an hour and our room still wasn't ready. We finally checked in after 5 pm. And this is not the first time this happened. There has been a check-in delay each time in the last three years that we stayed at the Indigo. I wrote a (very polite) email to the manager to point out that this was a problem, and he never responded to my email.The location is great, but once you've stayed at the Hotel Indigo, the decor isn't enough to overcome the downsides: very small rooms, lackluster management, long waits to check in. And the furniture &amp; bright wall paper is starting to to look a little worn.Anyway, I'm tired of being disappointed with the Indigo. We'll probably stay at the Intercontinental on Michigan Ave next time.	
Aug 7 2008 	Very tropical	We paid $137 total on Hotwire which was a very fair price for the stay. When we first walked in it reminds you of a tropical resort somewhere in the Bahamas. It has a very relaxing feel...not all rushed and business like.  We stayed on the 14th floor which offered a great view of Chicago. The bedroom area had plenty of space as well as drawer space. It had a good sized TV. The living area was small, but had an oversized closet. It had a table and a sitting chair.  The bathroom was very small. My wife liked having the mirror and sink outside of the bathroom so she could get ready while I showered. She also liked the detachable shower head.  I had no issues with the staff. They were always friendly and gave us some good advice about the area. The red line subway is less than 2 blocks away. It made it easy to get to Michigan Ave. and to China town. There were plenty of pubs about a block away. The area outside of the hotel is residential so it was always quite outside. The only downside is that the ice machine and pop machines are on the second floor only. One elevator was out of order so coming and leaving in the morning was a bit slow.	
Aug 6 2008 	Rude and Disorganized	I booked the room through Hotwire. We got a great deal at $129.00 a night! That's where the deal ended....The people working at the front desk looked as if they were upset we had disturbed them when all three rooms in my party showed up at the same time. Only one room was ready so we all had to squeeze into one room for the time being - boy did we have to squeeze! The room barely left a path around the oversized bed. There were no drawers so we were forced to leave our suitcases on the ground open, leaving even less space. When my group returned from our evening, the rest of the party were given there rooms....let's just say that one of the rooms was already occupied when they arrived. How does something like that happen! We woke up in the morning to go down for the free breakfast we were given because of the &quot;mix-up&quot; but it wasn't much of a deal after waitng in line for half an hour watching the girl behind the counter funmble around as if she had never heard of coffee. When we finally left Hotel Indigo no one said goodbye, wished us a safe journey home or even asked how we enjoyed our stay. Overall if you are looking for a clean hotel, that it is. If you are looking for a place to compliment such a beautiful and freindly city, you are better off booking another hotel. I won't use hotwire again to book in case I end up at Hotel Indigo again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Unfriendly	We stayed at the Hotel Indigo for three days over this past weekend. I called the hotel directly to make my reservation. The operator gave me the price 299.00, which was 120.00 more the first night since it was a Saturday. The other two nights were 120.00 cheaper, 179.00 a night. She sent me an email confirmation of these prices.When I checked in, the woman at the front desk told me that the first night would be 100.00 more that what I had been quoted on the phone. I told her that I was told the room would be 299.00 a night and she stated no, it is 399.00 a night. I said I think there is a mistake she insisted no it is not a mistake. I took out my receipt with the amount printed on it , which she still said that was not the right price. I again stated that was the price I was given on the phone and it was on the receipt. She finally called her manager over, he took my printed receipt to the back office. He came out and said It was more because I had 3 people. I stated I do not have 3 people only 2 people. He went in the back again and stated that they had me down for 3 people and that is an extra 20.00 charge and showed me an area on the bottom of the receipt where 20.00 was printed. That still did not make sense to me because it was 100.00 more not 20.00 more. I felt like they did not believe me that I had 2 people. Finally after about 20 minutes they gave me the amount on the printed email receipt. This was very unpleasant. They made me feel like i was the bad guy. I felt like they did not believe me even though I had the price right on the confirmation slip. No one ever said They were sorry they had made a mistake.Generally, the people at the front desk were not friendly. No one ever said hello when you walked by. When I checked out the woman did not even ask how everything was or even thank-you or have a nice day. Other hotels in Chicago seem so friendly I did not find anyone in this hotel friendly. The doorman did not help me with the door when I left , he saw me with 2 suitcases. A guest coming in held the door open. I could not believe it when I saw the doorman watching.There was a big crowd of kids outside of the hotel on Dearborn making alot of noise at 2:00 in the morning. This went on for about an hour.The handle on the toilet kept falling off also. IF I had paid 399.00 a night I would have been very unhappy. We had recently stayed at the Fairmont in San Fransico and we did not have one complaint. If you pay the high prices you should expect things to be pretty perfect. The hotel was cute and very clean. The beds were comfortable.	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice Boutique Hotel	Spent 5 nights here at the end of June while attending a conference. Very attractive hotel- converted older hotel so rooms vary in size, but very nicely done. Staff friendly and very nice feel to the hotel. Very good location a couple of blocks from CTA transit line- several good restaurants nearby.Recommend it Had read a TripAdvisor report that gave me pause, but discount it after my very positive experience.	
Jun 30 2008	Great Value at the Indigo	The hotel, located in the relatively quiet residential area of the Gold Coast, is conveniently located 1 1/2 blocks from a subway stop. The only issue with transportation is that we could not return northbound due to weekend and evening construction closing the route. The room design really made fantastic use of the space. Having a small sitting area added to the value. When we first arrived, there was drilling right outside as workers repaired the scaffolding -- the hours were limited to midday, and we didn't have any problems with noise.We really enjoyed our stay, and there were only two minor drawbacks -- the food service was lackadaisical, at best, and the front desk insisted on a limousine service to the airport, when we were able to hail a taxi that morning for half the price.	
Jun 23 2008 	The Hotel Indigo Chicago Gold Coast is an excellent place to stay	What a great hotel. The check in staff were ready for us, the rooms were clean and had a fantastic view of Lake MIchigan. The front desk staff were extremely helpful as were the bellhops when we were looking for information and directions. Very comfortable beds and all the amenities you could want. Definitely a great place to stay!	
Jun 21 2008 	LOVED the Indigo	We had to come to Chicago for a funeral. We only stayed one night. The Hotel Indigo was beautiful. The color schemes were awesome. The staff was friendly. The night clerk upgraded our room for us. I LOVED the location. Quiet residential area, but just a couple blocks from all the action. We were able to walk the tree lined beautiful streets to the church for the funeral. There is a GREAT restaurant on the same block, wonderful breakfast. It couldn't have been a better experience. I would love to stay there again.	
Jun 18 2008 	Loved it	I came to Chicago to celebrate my son's birthday. What a wonderful trip and a beautiful boutique hotel. The staff greeted me with a smile everytime I walked through the door. My room was so relaxing and the bed was very comfortable. The shower water was always hot. Everthing you could ask for was minutes away, restaurants, shopping, night life etc.etc.. This will be the hotel I stay at when traveling through the Windy City.	
Jun 17 2008 	Coolest Hotel	My Aunt, cousin and I came to the Big City from Louisiana to do all the shopping we could. Friends had told us about the Indigo (without going into great detail so as not to spoil our surprise). We checked in and were absolutely amazed at how different it was but we still felt as if we were on a relaxing vacation. I loved the decor - thought it was very cool. That was enough to have enjoyed the hotel but we also experienced staff that always smiled and were very helpful to some southern girls. I've told everyone about our stay. Everyone going to Chicago for a visit or some shopping should get to stay. Thank you!	
Jun 15 2008 	Pretty good	First off I am a total lover of the Hyatt Brand but decided to stay here for work and the decor and venture out of my comfort zone. I also travel a lot of work and leisure so believe I am a bit more tough than most. Check In: Your first impression is check in and they get a big F. I had to change my flight to an early flight and got to the hotel at around 11:30am. I absolutely knew check-in was many hours later and had no problem waiting if they did not have a room. There was one middle aged guy at the front desk who helped me check-in. He stared at the computer for a good 10 minutes before he told me they had no rooms available. I asked if he could let me know when they did and he just nodded. He was in no way friendly, personable or even acted like he cared about his job. He felt the need to remind me at least half a dozen times check in was not until 4, ok, I get it. Nearly 30 minutes later another couple checked in and there room was not ready. He said if they wanted to upgrade they could for xxx a night and get a King Room. I was pretty livid as that is exactly what my room was. Nearly 2 hours later I asked if there was a room yet and he said, &quot;yeah, it's been ready for almost an hour and a half&quot; Room: They do a good job of making them appear bigger online however they are in no way unlivable or uncomfortable. They placement of furniture (and amount of it) is a little odd. Note: the chair in the middle of the floor? Bed is a king and very comfortable although the little pillows are rather crappy. The decor is great and bright and I loved it. I have read some complaints on the bathroom and had no problems there. Amenities: The cable is pretty bad, no channels at all. There are either news or Chicago tourism channels. The internet is free but the connection is so-so most of the time. Better than paying though so they get a huge plus for that. Also Aveda products in the bathroom, my favorite! I drank the $2.50 water in your room left to tease you but ah well. The coke machine does has .50 cokes though! The breakfast was good but VERY expensive. I had $4.00 for a small OJ! That is just ridiculous no matter what hotel you stay at. I am waiting to eat right now until I get to the airport! Never had dinner there, again so pricey for hotel food that doesn't even have an actual restaurant! Never tried the bar either but they didn't have a good beer selection, otherwise I would have. Close to the hotel is a great little cafe right to the left. It's excellent, try the tuna melt, YUM. Also to the right is Edwardos which was also good. Right on the corner is a Walgreens and another block away you have Costco and Jewel. There is a Subway, Jimmy Johns, Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts also right within 2 blocks. Overall, it was a good stay. I was on business so I worked nearly all day and everyday so didn't have much time to do anything else. I would stay again but for equal prices you could get more amenities( breakfast, friendlier morning staff and a more central location) It was right next to the subway though that will take you down to the loop so that is a plus!	
May 22 2008 	Look elsewhere...	I stayed at the Hotel Indigo for 6 nights for a restaurant convention. I booked there based on this site and guidebook reviews. I was in room 812. The hotel has a excellent location on a quiet upscale residential street yet very close to nightlife and the subway. The breakfast restaurant and the bar are very nice. The decor is also interesting and pleasing.My room was tiny. I normally don't unpack my suitcase when travelling but just leave it open on the stand. I couldn't do this here as that took up 80% of the open floor space. It would be impossible for me to have my suitcase out and also pull out the ironing board. There was a large tray with glasses on the bed when I checked in. It looked nice, but it was too big to put on the small desk. The only place to put it was under the bed with my suitcase. I asked after I checked in if a larger room was available but was told that the hotel was sold-out and the only option was to upgrade to a suite for $600+ a night. I thought that I could maybe adjust as I wouldn't be in my room that much. The curtain was broken and could not be raised. Despite every effort, the beautiful shower completely flooded the bathroom every time. A flawed design I guess. For the first 3 nights only one elevator was working. Therefore when coming or going to the room I was almost always in a crowded elevator that stopped at every floor. Housekeeping also left something to be desired. I worked in the hotel industry for many years and always tip the maid heavily as they are generally the hardest working and lowest paid employees of the hotel. Despite this, I was NEVER replenished with soap or shampoo during my 6 night stay. When on day 3, after leaving the maid $5 each day, she just put the empty shampoo bottle back on the shelf, no more tips from me. I called housekeeping asking for more shampoo and got a voicemail. Luckily I had some shampoo of my own. Three days later and no one responeded to my voicemail, no more shampoo for me. Lastly, on the final night I stayed in and watched a movie. During the movie I saw a HUGE bug crawling up the wall which I promptly killed.After day 2 I started to call around to change hotels. Unfortunately it was a big convention weekend and everyone was either full or charging their highest rates, I toughed it out. But at the time of booking there was many other hotels for close to the same rate that were certainly not dumps like this.I have always trusted tripadvisor to help me find hotels in a new city. This is the first time that I was really let down.This hotel sucks! I will never stay here again. I hope that this helps others.	
Feb 15 2008 	One of my favorite hotels	After spending the week before the Iowa caucuses slogging through snow and going door to door in 7 degree weather, then retiring at night to our run-down $70 B&amp;B room, walking into the Hotel Indigo was like making it to heaven!From the minute you walk into the lobby, you feel transported to a quiet, tropical island where all the inhabitants exist only to pamper you. The lobby even SMELLS wonderful!Even though we arrived hours ahead of check-in time, the desk clerk was happy to give us a room - which was an oasis after where we'd been staying in Iowa!We had only been in the room about 15 minutes when the desk called to make sure everything was satisfactory.Although the room was small, it was find for my 13-yr-old daughter and me. She lounged on one of the incredibly comfortable beds watching the large TV while I sat in the small sitting area with my laptop. We weren't tripping over each other and didn't miss the lack of room service. There are plenty of restaurants close by that deliver, so we had lunch set up. And again, the desk called to tell us the food was on the way up. A nice alert and safety precaution.The subway is just about 2 blocks &amp; it takes you right downtown. The neighborhood is quiet and safe. There's a drug store and grocery story a block from the hotel. We went to Second City that night and it was an easy 15 minute walk. Again, no safety issues, just a nice stroll in the city.I think the best part about the Indigo is the attention they pay to the &quot;little things.&quot;1. The drinks in the Coke machine were only 50 cents. Most hotels stick you for a dollar or more. That's not a big deal, but it's nice not to be gouged.2. Everything was squeaky clean and looked brand new. The hair dryer was a real dryer - not one of the half-working models stuck on the wall.3. Everyone was smiling and anxious to be helpful. They arranged our ride to the airport, gave directions, etc. We never felt like we were a nuisance or treated like we were stupid.4. The hotel was QUIET and so was the neighborhood.We got an AARP rate for $124/night - which was incredibly low for the experience we had. Truthfully, I wanted to move in for a few days. Can't wait to try some Hotel Indigos in other cities.	
Jan 2 2008 	Very Nice	The hotel Indigo is a very nice hotel. I would suggest this hotel to everyone except for those who have a hard time walking. The hotel sits about eight blocks from the heart of the shopping district, so you do have to walk a bit. However, the Indigo sits in a quiet little neighborhood and we found it to be a great location. If your looking for night life there were six or eight bars one block away. Our room was very nice, we had a king size bed which was very comfortable. We liked the fact the room had wood floors rather than carpet, it felt cleaner than a carpet. And it looked neat too. The soap and shampoo was Aveda. The only thing that I think could be upgraded was the TV. A flat screen would have been nice. I didn't eat at the restaurant, but I did use the business center, which was fine. Overall I would give this hotel very high marks. It's not the Ritz Carlton but for a weekend getaway to Chicago it was perfect. Will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 23 2007	Excellent!	Great hotel, great location, great price! We only stayed one night but found the Indigo to be chic, priced right and in a great location! Only a few blocks from the (red line) subway station @ Clark &amp; Division and right in the heart of the action at Rush/Division, etc. etc.. Highly receommended.	
Nov 14 2007 	IndiSTOP: Gold Bust. Stay Away	Hotel Indigo Gold Coast is a weak attempt at a boutique hotel, since at core it has budge underpinnings. Elevators are slow and one is often sharing them with cleaning staff. Room was quiet but bright color scheme is annoying. No desk was available, causing one to use a table that was unfit for laptop use. No room service available in between lunch and dinner. Bathroom had only a small shower and smelled of mold (including mold spots on ceiling). Wireless printing service does not work as advertised. And to top it all off, front desk staff at 5am had to be AWAKENED in order to move from the couch (where he had been sleeping) to process my checkout. Overall, an awful experience and a horrible way to spend $400 for a poor one-night stay. STAY AWAY.	
Nov 2 2007 	A great place to start a holiday	After an eight hour flight from London it was nice to be greeted by a cheerful and efficient member of staff. This was our first stop on a 2800 mile road trip and it was nice to kick off the trip by staying in this unusual hotel.The hotel decoration is bright throughout which gives the impression of plenty of space. The furniture is designed perfectly to add to the decor.Our room although not small was an unusual shape which made a change from the rectangular boxes offerd by the larger chain hotels. It was clean and well maintained.The advantages of the hotel are, that it is situated on the edge of the main districts of Chicago. About three blocks from the shore of Lake Michigan and about a quarter mile away from some good restaurants on State Street. We walked back from the Wrigley Building in just over an hour and this included stops for window shopping. The John Hancock Tower is no more than a fifteen minute walk. If you do not feel like walking there is a CTA station on the corner of the next block with services downtown.It offers restaurant and bar services, the breakfast whilst adequate was a little on the expensive side, although nothing compared to New York prices.Disadvantages. The hotel could do with some double glazing because although it is tucked away in a nice suburb the general city noise from the main streets can be heard. Also if like us your room is situated near the elevator these have an annoying habit of ringing a bell everytime they pass your floor.In general though I would recommend this boutique style hotel to anyone wishing to spend some time in Chicago.	
Oct 26 2007	Unique and lovely	The Indigo is a really sweet little place, very boutique-y and very clean. I loved the blueberry wallpaper! The rooms are painted in bright colors and the whole ambiance is refreshing. Nice little touches like a modern coffeemaker and a sitting room made this place a great experience. Location is perfect. Service was great, too. Just loved it.	
Oct 8 2007	Shhhhh! Hotel Indigo Gold Coast is Chicago's secret.	Arriving early for a work related conference (Adobe Max), my partner and I booked Hotel Indigo for just one night. We thought we would try this new brand from the makers of Holiday Inn. First all I can say is -- Wow! We should have skipped the tragic Hyatt Regency and stayed at this practically perfect Hotel Indigo the entire week. Check-in kicked-off the experience right. While we expected the most basic room, we never dreamed we would be shown to &quot;The Hemingway&quot; #1202. This one bedroom suite includes a full living room and two full baths complete with glass shower and jetted tub. We are generally not suite fans, but this one was comfortable, cozy and simply beautiful in terms of layout and design. We felt at home among the colors, the art, and the hardwood floors. The composition of the space was fresh and unique. The design was entirely new -- the Indigo team has redefined what a hotel room should be. Location: Centered along quiet, tree-lined, neighborhood street. Not top shelf for tourists -- but great walkable area near Old Town, Rush Street, Michigan Ave, Lincoln Park and Lake Michigan. Accessible by CTA redline. Very walkable to all of the above for reasonably fit person.Staff: Friendly . helpful . professionalFood: Didn't eat at hotel except coffee and scone (took to Lake for morning respite). True neighborhood Italian restaurant across the street was special and authentic.Room: Clean, Complete, Great bathrooms and productsIf you are thinking of trying something new--give Hotel Indigo a try. While not all rooms will be the scale of our -- I understand they are all sized graciously and the design details take full advantage of the space provided. We were surprised and will stay at Hotel Indigo next time in Chicago. Furthermore, while traveling in other cities we will seek out Hotel Indigo for a good night's stay.	
Sep 26 2007	Very Modern and Central	This hotel is very centrally located - the decor is the room was very modern and clean. Although the room and bathroom is small, the decor more than makes up for it. The breakfast downstairs had a very limited menu so you might find you will have to go elsewhere for breakfast. Overall a very nice hotel that I would probably stay in again.	
Sep 16 2007 	Loved It	Was here on a girls weekend and loved the property. It is so refreshing to stay somewhere that is different. The location was great. Staff was very helpful in making dinner reservations for us and went out of their way to make our stay a pleasant one. We had large corner rooms on the 8th floor and could see the lake from one of those rooms. I would have preferred to have also had a tub, but the shower was nice. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially for a quick weekend getaway. I will definately stay here again when I am in Chicago.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great location and darling rooms	This hotel is REALLY cute and unique. The location is great - even for a group of girls that included one on crutches. We never had an issue getting a cab and it was close to pretty much everything we wanted to see. Definitely take the train in from the airport (especially Midway). It was easy and only $2.Downfalls - I ordered a rollaway bed when I booked the room months in advance of our stay. I also called a month before we arrived to confirm it AND called the day of to confirm it would be in our room. No such luck. After making a pretty big deal out of it, they delivered one the next day. Thanks to a great staff - it wasn't their fault and they handled my frustration really well.ALSO - we ordered a few snacks from room service. We ordered the &quot;warm bleu cheese dip and salsa&quot; only to get warm Tostitas cheese dip. It was seriously like they just opened the jar and microwaved it - delicious...but worth $9? Nope. Just a little bizarre that they OBVIOUSLY brought us the wrong thing and acted like nothing happened.BUT, all in all, it was a great trip. We had a 2 Queen room and it was big and clean with comfy beds and plenty of space for all of our stuff...which was a lot. I would definitely recommend staying here!	
Aug 10 2007 	Cozy Hotel- Good Ambiance	Hotel Indigo was a pleasant surprise. We stayed for two nights on award points (so no thoughts on value/price). Even though we had an interior room on the 12th floor (one large window looked out to the building's air shaft) the room felt cozy, not cave-like. There is not a lot of extra space for luggage (one large suitcase and a garmet bag was plenty), so if you travel with a lot of bags you might want to look elsewhere. Nice Aveda soaps in the bathroom. The lobby snack bar/restaurant had good food, although it was overpriced ($9 for a plate of hummus). Easy 2-block walk to the subway. Overall, a nice choice!	
Jul 26 2007 	Loved Chicago "Chitown"!	Loved the city, the hotel was ok but not any more. Location great, spot on in fact. The rooms were ok, The bar was overpriced and the breakfast well you are better off walking round corner and go to Starbucks. Staff friendly, next time I will stay closer to city centre and not stay in gold coast area as there is not so much to do in the evening. the pizza place down the road is the best in the world. The place was clean and the room size was good just I felt it was expensive. I love love love Chicago.	
Jul 23 2007	Small rooms disorganized front desk questionable value	Stayed one night and while location is excellent, there are a few issues concerning the hotel to be aware of:1. Rooms are very small. No room to put more than one suitcase in the room. We were stepping over ours.2. While mattress comfortable, why use the cheap sheet around a thin blanket that Motel 8's use. For upscale, use proper duvet or better linens.3. Check in was a slow and disorganized. I booked a king bed but when we went to the room, it was a queen. When I went back to the front desk, they said they made a mistake but I doubt it. There were many people waiting for a room so I think they had some unspoken problems that day.4. At $300/night, I thought it was expensive but maybe there are better rates. Staff at the hotel was very nice including bellhop and room attendants.	
Jul 19 2007 	Could NOT have been better!	I'm a Chicago native (tho' moved away in '96) and went &quot;home&quot; for a weekend with my husband to visit friends. This hotel was perfect. The location was great... basically @ Dearborn and Division. We took the CTA for $2/each from Midway airport to the hotel. Went smoothly except for a few flights of stairs with luggage. If you're a bit adventurous, the CTA's definitely a value!The hotel's style reminded me of an upscale hotel that you'd find in a European city... rooms are small, but the decorating was &quot;edgy&quot; in a very cool way. Granite counter tops in the bathrooms, Pergo flooring in the room with an area rug, one wall was covered with HUGE blueberry wallpaper. (Yes, like someone took a photo of a basket of just-washed blueberries, and blew it up into a wall-sized photograph!) Linens and bedding were pristine. Room was very clean.Only drawback was that room was located directly across from the elevator and we could hear folks chattin' while waiting and the &quot;ding&quot; when the elevator arrived.Staff was friendly and helpful, phone system was easy to use (voice mail &amp; wake up calls).We did not eat there. (Hotel has a limited breakfast menu, but what they had looked appetizing and the seating area looked clean and, again, had that cool decorating thing goin' on.) Had breakfast a few doors down at 3rd Coast Cafe--also highly recommend; the selection there is more of a bacon &amp; eggs, bigger breakfast type thing.&quot;Mother's&quot; (a fairly well-known bar) was around the corner. Lots of fun... sang 'til 2:30am with the rest of the folks at the bar. Crowd was about 20 years younger than we were, but they didn't seemed bothered by us old folks (we're in our forties). The wait staff there was pleasant, even at that hour, and since Mother's had only popcorn to eat, our waitress suggested we run across the street, pick up a pizza and bring it back in!We had a ball...	
Jul 17 2007 	Beautiful hotel and great location	We stayed here for 4 nights in July whilst in town to attend a wedding. The decor in the hotel is beautiful - a calm and quiet escape from the searing July temperatures. Staff were friendly and room very inviting. We had roow 711 which was huge! A massive bed and a comfortable chair and then a seperate area which gave plenty of room for suitcases.Room only had a shower and no bath but it was a large wet room shower with complimentary Aveda products, a hairdryer and plenty of well lit mirrors. Room also provided a safe and an iron and ironing board.Hotel has a coffee bar which sells Starbucks and a variety of freshly prepared breakfast items. It also has a small bar.In terms of location it is in a quiet street in the gold coast surrounded by beautiful brownstones. Just a minute or so walk away are restaurants, bars and a Walgreens for stocking up on supplies. The Lake and Michigan Avenue are about 10 mins walk away.We will definetly stay there again on our next trip	
Jul 6 2007 	Great location! Very friendly staff!	Stayed for five nights, great location! Great boutique hotel! Great staff. Had a beautiful room on the top floor (14th floor) with views of Lake Michigan. The room is very cosy with the Indigo colors in light green and light blue. Indigo boutique brand concept is great with Starbucks coffee in the morning. Huge Walgreens located next to the hotel and plenty of great restaurants and shops. Great value for money, would stay again immediately.	
Jun 22 2007 	fantastic hotel	Just back from 3 nights at the indigo with my husband and 2 sons (aged 12 and 16)Great hotel, great location - L train nearby. Very helpful bellman.Loved the room - very spacious and bright. Free internet which the kids used a lot.Would definitely stay here again	
May 25 2007 	My favorite Chicago hotel!	Whimsical lobby and room design, comfortable rooms with lots of space, great location and exceptional attention to detail. If you need a funky and comfortable place to stay in Chicago I would TOTALLY suggest this property.	
May 14 2007 	Loved this hotel!	Our first trip to Chicago was great! On the recommendation of a friend, me and 3 girlfriends stayed here for a girls weekend trip of baseball and shopping and I can honestly say this place is well worth the location and the money. It's only 2 blocks from an El station and located near many fabulous restaurants. The rooms were very clean and the decorations are very unique and lively....a step up from some of your traditional hotels. The staff was very friendly and helpful in helping us get around Chicago through the use of public transportation. My only drawback was the showerhead....could've been a little bigger, but other than that....I have no complients about this hotel and strongly urge everyone to stay at the Hotel Indigo whenever they visit Chicago!	
May 3 2007	Convenient hotel to trains Rush Street	I was on a group trip last spring for a couple of days and stayed at this hotel. It was a very nice place to stay. The feel of the hotel is different from any other place I have stayed. It is brightly-colored in the lobby and in the rooms.The location can't be beat--Gold Coast area in Chicago--very close to the El and to Rush Street nightlife. The lobby has a Starbucks and a bar in the front; the bar was pretty well-filled that night, and the Starbucks was the next day. The room I stayed in was large and was well-designed. Beds were comfortable.I would stay here again, the next time I travel to Chicago.	
Apr 15 2007 	Nice Stay - Great Location for us	My wife and I stayed compliments of my Holiday Inn points the evening of Friday April 13 and Saturday April 14 2007. We stayed in room 1108. This was the 11th floor out of 14 and faced downtown Chicago to the south (very nice view). The biggest positive to us was the location. To get to the red line of the &quot;L&quot; you need to go one block south and one block west - about 5 minutes. The L train is an excellent way to get around the city. It's two stops away from the Mag mile. We were in town for a Reds vs. Cubs baseball game and the red line takes you right to the stadium. The other positive of the location is being in the Gold Coast neighborhood which is the most exclusive neighborhood in Chicago. The blocks north and to the east (towards the lake) make a nice little walk to check out some really neat, old houses (millions of dollars if you have the means). I've stayed in Chicago a number of times. While the larger chain hotels by the loop are closer to the shopping and tourist stuff, this was the first time I felt immersed as part of the city as opposed to a visitor.The room and hotel have a nautical feel. It was our first stay at the Indigo brand. I've stayed a ton of Holiday Inn's and US hotels. This did feel like the nice version of a Holiday Inn express. Everthing was nice, but it didn't have the quality feel of a Marriott or Hilton. Again, it was nice but the colors and theme just weren't our thing. Not a problem as we were there just to sleep. The drawbacks1. The friendliness level of the front desk could use some improvement. Nobody asked how my stay was which I think is a minimum for the front desk. They were also complaining to each other about people trying to check in early.2. The single window in our room did not shut completely and we could hear all of the noise from the street below. I didn't let this impact my rating becuase a) it was room specific and b) it's the city, there's going to be noise. 3. THE VALET PARKING NEXT DOOR WAS $35 A NIGHT. My two free nights cost me $70 in parking!!! I know the city is expensive and it didn't bother me too much at first. When were were strolling the neighborhood, we found a parking lot north of the hotel for $18 per 24 hours.	
Mar 22 2007 	Nice hotel tucked away in a Great Location!!!!	I stayed at the Hotel Indigo on March 16th-17th, 2007 with a friend. The hotel is in a great location close to bars, clubs, and anywhere else you may want to go downtown. Valet parking is $35, with in and out privileges. We also went to Dave and Busters which is only a couple of blocks from this hotel. Check-in was easy and I didn't have any problems there. One of the elevators was broken so had to wait a while to get upstairs. The room wasn't that big, but it was nice. It was perfect for what we needed. It was also very clean and nicely decorated. The business center on the basement level was nice, it had 2 computers and a printer. Overall, it was a good stay. I would definitely stay at Hotel Indigo again.	
Mar 18 2007	It's True I Love the Blue	We chose Indigo because we'd wanted to stay at an Indigo, knowing it's a visual delight. And then we fell in love with (nearly) everything about it. The location is really wonderful - a leafy neighborhood with several restaurants and shops, near a subway line, near a bus line, near the lake and Oak Stree Beach, and a short walk to the heart of downtown. We went with 3 kids, and none of them complained about the walk. Papa Milano's restaurant has long been our traditional stop in Chicago, and what luck - this hotel is just 4 blocks from it.Rooms are decendly spacious, I think more spacious than average. I'm very picky about noise, and we didn't have any problems. Rooms by the elevator might hear more noise. Decor is casual chic. Beds comfortable. The hotel's small size was perfect. The kids could run downstairs to the (free) Internet while we were within earshot in the cafe. We loved our weekend so much that we went back spontaneously a month later, with the kids again. Same experience - except the photo murals in the lobby had been changed to reflect the change of season!I highly recommend this place if you don't need deluxe hotel amenities like four-star dining and a pool.	
Mar 18 2007 	My New Favorite!	I was a little skeptical about the location of this hotel as it is a little off the beaten path, but this turned out to be one of the things I liked the most about it. The hotel has a very fun beachy theme. The rooms are a tad small, but for two people, perfectly fine. We had a queen bed room. Apparently the corner rooms are bigger. However, since this was a reward nights trip, I was not going to ask for more. We arrived into Chicago very early and headed to the hotel on the CTA trains from Midway. I was delighted to find that they were willing to let us check in at 11:00 AM as the room was ready. The hotel was very easy to get to using the orange and red lines. The red line which will take you anywhere in the city you would want to go was about a block and a half away from the hotel. My husband and I used the red line late into the night and I never felt unsafe walking back to the hotel. The hotel is very close to lots of restaurants and bars on Rush Street as well as not too far from the Mag. Mile. THIS WAS A GREAT LOCATION! The only bad thing would be that there was only one elevator in service and a rule that only four people could be on at a time. THis was a tad incovenient and we did use the stairs but we were on the 8th floor so it was a little hike. Also, the staff was a touch unfriendly. However, I did all of my planning beforehand so we didn't really need them for much. If you want a staff that will bend over backward for you this is probably not the best choice. Edwardo's Pizza right next store is a great cozy restaurant as well and with Walgreens right down the street you can go and pick up anything you may have forgotton. One last note on the hotel, I appreciated how clean it was. The rooms have wood laminate flooring which added to the charm of the room and did away with awful hotel carpeting which is always dirty! I would stay here again in a heartbeat and highly recommend!	
Mar 12 2007 	Cute beach theme	First let me say that before booking your stay at this hotel check to see if there is a lower price on a third party site. If there is sign up for the hotels award program and call the 800 number to let them know you found a cheaper price. Not only will they match the price but LOWER the matched price another 10%! Talk about savings and money in the bank! Now about the hotel! After seeing the pics of the rooms and hotel I had to stay there! My trip was in mid February and didn't want to stay in a stuff hotel. I wanted fun bright colors and a beach theme and that is what I got. I found the room just the right size for two people with a total of 4 pieces of luggage and the beds were soooooo comfy I didn't want to get up in the mornings. The staff was pretty nice too with some good recommendations for some good eats near the hotel. Yes as the person from Berlin commented there was a flood and I too saw a bit of the wall tore up on the 4th floor but I am not picky and understand that things happen and break. As for the cheap decor in the lobby as the person from Berlin talked about well gee it's a beach theme! DUH!!!! If you want fancy then go to the Drake or stay home. I say ignore the negative reviews cause they are just bitter people and stay at the Indigo. For the price and location it is a gem!	
Feb 14 2007 	Yet another average hotel experience in Chicago	Although the location is outstanding, there were just enough things wrong with the Hotel Indigo to keep me from rating it above average. I spent a February weekend there with a friend in a double room that we booked on Hotwire. The original room they gave us had only one bed and so we were upgraded to a larger one with a small sitting area and windows looking out onto the cityscape - a fine view of old victorians and vintage high-rises. Had we not gotten the upgrade, however, the first room would have been impossibly small even with two beds. The bathroom in the new room- in particular the toilet 'area' - was still very small. The ceilings in the room hovered just above our heads and the door let in all assortment of sounds from the hallway. There was also a lot of flood damage from burst pipes (wall sections removed) and the smell of mold in a few of the common areas. My friend complainded about the lack of television options (only about ten channels) and our remote control was broken and had to be replaced. Only one person was at the desk downstairs, although she was at least friendly.The 'design' of the hotel is more of a make-over with too many bright colors and cheap furniture in the lobby (wooden 20$ deck chairs with bright paint and cushions). The hotel's saving graces are an excellent location on the Near North Side close to entertainment and shops and interesting views from the rooms.Once again I feel obligated to talk about the great fluctuations in prices of downtown Chicago hotels. This hotel was reasonably priced (under 100$/tax incl.) on Hotwire for the time we were there (with the upgrade), and the rack rate was too high, but nothing compared to the price when Chicago hosts one of its many large trade shows. The prices are more than doubled and sometime tripled at such times. Beware of this when planning a trip to the Windy City. If you have options as to when you travel, check the hotel prices and city event schedules before booking your flight.	
Jan 21 2007 	A special hotel with staff that make it special	The staff at hotel Indigo went out of their way to offer us great service: they were unfailingly friendly and helpful, gave us a tremendous upgrade, a free glass of wine, small presents before our departure, etc. The concierge was extremely knowledgeable, candid and able to offer many suggestions for 'off the beaten track' things to do. All of this for a reasonable price, and at a good location.The interior of the hotel is also special: warm, bold colors, which give you a sense of being in the Provence in France.I highly recommend this hotel!	
Dec 22 2006 	wonderful location	location, location, location - within walking distance of Michigan Avenue, the Lake, etc. Rooms vary in size from tiny to very comfortable for similar rates. Kitchy room decorations are fun and work. Would certainly stay here for our next visit.	
Dec 18 2006 	Disappointing week-end stay	Very small bathrooms and room size. You could hear phone conversations taking place in adjoining rooms along with their television. Our room was right across from elevator and it was noisy each time guests exited elevator. Front Desk only had one employee during each visit we made and delays were lengthy. Concierge was excellent in help with obtaining show tickets and planning. Front desk could not break a $100 dollar bill down for change. For the price &amp; service, I would not recommend.	
Dec 16 2006 	Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Location	We stayed for 2 nights at this super fantastic hotel. It is a small hotel tucked among gorgeous townhouses in a residential area but very close to great shops and restaurants. Our room was on the 14th floor with a view of the lake Michigan through some taller nearby buildings. With 2 queen beds and a small sitting area, the room was nicely sized. The color scheme was bright and cheerful. The staff was helpful and friendly. This will definitely be our choice for lodging whenever we visit Chicago!	
Dec 12 2006 	The Gorgeous Indigo	what a lovely hotel. stayed here with my boyfriend for 5 nights in december. the room was gorgeous, on the 14th floor (which was really the 13th but they call it the 14th, must be superstition)We had a wonderful view over the city. the room wasnt huge by any account but it was perfect for us. bedding was fresh and looked new, however the bed wasnt very big. bathroom was lovely with a new suite and everything was spotless. clean as a pin. aveda shampoo/conditioner and body lotion was supplied and lovely white towels. hairdryer was powerful enough and there was a nice coffee maker and free paper every morning outside our door.the only thing i can fault the room on was the temperature, it was chilly. however, there is a heater you can blast. so everytime we came back we had to put the heater on to warm the room up. (however, it must be said that it was positively freezing outside)also, one thing that really annoyed me was the phone charges from the room. i called ireland for 5 minutes (1 min to a mobile and 4 to a landline) and it cost $40!!!! couldnt believe it!the room was $169 per night (before tax) and the location was good, on a pretty, safe residential street (gorgeous with all the christmas decorations and lights) and about a ten min walk into the middle of the magnificent mile. station nearby too if you need to go to the loop. we walked everywhere though. also, would highly recommend going to see the chicago bulls play. we got the $55 seats and they were great, the atmosphere was amazing and we had great crack. shopping was subject to a 9% sales tax so we saved our money for our onward trip to new york. however, the water tower plaza and filenes did part us with some cash!!!would try somewhere new if we went back (for the fun of it) but would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone. it is fresh, vibrant and very confortable.also, would like to say that we found the people of chicago sooo helpful, whenever we looked lost we were approached by a friendly chicagoan who helped us on our way.	
Oct 31 2006 	Didn't want to leave!!!!!!!	I loved the Indigo so much that I didn't want to leave. I have never had that experience. Due to a convention, I was only able to stay for three of my 6 nights with the Indigo. It has a spa like atmosphere in a next- to-the-beach kind of way. It is different from other hotels in that is it not cookie cutter. I had a room (602) with two double beds looking towards a bank of four windows with a great view of the city in that neighborhood (which is a good one by the way). It is true that there is little room to move around with the beds there, but they are very soft and the bedding is nice. There was no tub in my room, just a shower. The sink is outside of the shower/toliet area with a nice granite top. Free wifi, free printing (you pick it up at the desk or thay can bring it up to you). There is a desk area, a sitting area, and a &quot;closet&quot; area (when you first walk in). It was a very quiet room despite its proximity to the elevator and had electronic temp control. It was very clean and had Pergo like floors. They had special Indigo relaxation music in the &quot;dream machine,&quot; and, when I asked if I was allowed to take it, the front desk woman said it was $10.00. I came back to my room later that day to check out, and she had wrapped a complimentary copy for me and left it with a note in my room. The staff were always friendly and helpful. Parking was 35.00 for 24 hours, valet-with in and out. I was only blocks from my destination, but if you wanted to go downtown it is a short cab ride or bus to the major sites. There are supermarkets and drug stores nearby and lots of nice resturants (mostly nice chains). Its the city, so there are a lot of resources in a small area. There is a small bar/lounge in the very front of the hotel. There may have been some kind of deli or something in the back, but I never bothered to go back there to investigate.	
Oct 23 2006	Would stay again	This hotel is as unique and chic as others have mentioned. We were there on a sold out weekend and you never would have known it. The place still felt small and intimate despite the capacity crowd.We didn't eat at the hotel, preferring to walk up the block to the 3rd Coast Café for late-night snacks and breakfasts. The bar was always hopping and we enjoyed a cocktail there one evening. The neighborhood is wonderfully serene with some amazing old Chicago architectural treasures. It's also incredibly convenient to the El and within walking distance to restaurants and some of the Chicago attractions.Our room was small by U.S. standards, but large if you compare it to hotel rooms in Europe. Bed was very comfy. They've solved the problem of door slamming that an earlier reviewer posted. The doors now are on hydraulic hinges that prevent the slamming. We had a room just down from the elevator and never heard any noise from the hall. Why not five stars? We did hear noise through the connecting door to the next room. So, if you are sensitive to noise you may want to check and see if the room you're assigned is a connecting room. The &quot;view&quot; from our room was of an interior shaft that contained the fire exit stairs. This was okay as we didn't spend much time in the room viewing, but we did feel a little silly when we had to call the front desk to ask if it was raining so we could dress appropriately.	
Oct 14 2006 	Fun Comfortable and Convenient	This is a trendy, out-of-the ordinary hotel, decorated with bright colors and nice touches. The lobby is quite a showstopper with huge chairs decorated with large pillows. The room I had was on the 12th floor -- it was small but very comfortable. The large bed was spectacularly comfy, with a wonderful poofy comforter and plenty of good quality pillows. The hotel has free WiFi, and it worked very well. The coffee machine was one of the new Melita Pod types, and it produced a fine cup fairly easily. The bathroom was very nice with Aveda toiletries and plenty of good towels. In the renovation, the hotel replaced the bathtub with an extra large tiled shower equipped with a teak bench -- by far the nicest shower I've had in a hotel. So, why not five stars?? First, when I arrived my room was not ready yet. I was there at about 5pm and apparently they were counting on me not showing up until 6ish. I was able to sit and use the WiFi in the lobby, so my time wasn't spent unpleasantly, it just would have been better if my room was ready. Second, in trying to aim the shower head where the water needed to go, the holder broke. The desk told me that this was a problem and the manufacturer had given them replacements; unfortunately it slightly marred an otherwise fabulous shower experience.	
Oct 6 2006 	Unique hotel experience	We (wife and 2 kids) stayed at the Hotel Indigo for 3 nights in September, 2006. We were in town for a wedding and this hotel was recommended to us for its location. We found the hotel to be very nice and appreciated its unique qualities. The hardwood floors and bright colors were a great change of pace from anything Holiday Inn has ever done.Most roomd are VERY small. We noticed that our room with 2 queen beds was almost double the size of the other rooms our family had with 1 king-bed. We did not experience the slow elevators or noise that some other reviewers mentioned.This IS a boutique hotel which has narrow hallways and smaller rooms, but it also delivers a unique experience that was a nice change from the average &quot;big&quot; hotel. The location is not too far off Michigan Ave and you are close to Rush St. and State Street. We relied on taxis and never had a problem finding one. The walgreens right on the corner was a great benefit to stock-up on snacks and drinks for the kids and we preferred the cafe nextdoor to the on-site coffee shop for breakfast.	
Sep 17 2006 	great hotel	The hotel indigo is situated in a wonderful neighborhood north of downtown. The tree-lined streets and relaxing feel of the area add to the charm. The room was very clean, nicely decorated with hardwood floors and bright colors throughout. The beds were comfy, the air conditioning was very good, and the rooms were well lit. My only complaints would have to do with the size of the room...rather smalll for the 2 queen beds, and the storage space was lacking...barely enough room for two peoples things, but not for suitcases that had to be stacked in the room. One other difficulty was the lack of cabs in the area. One rainy day we waited 70 minutes for pickup. Other days we took a short walk to the Ambassador East to pick up a ride.The staff is great, the bar downstairs is fun and overall is was a great experience. Quite a contrast from our last trip to chicago when we stayed in the icky congress plaza.Great tip...Mario's Italian Restaurant across the street is EXCELLENT. Give it a try or two while staying at the Indigo.	
Sep 10 2006	Excellent hotel	What a great hotel! One of the best I have ever stayed inThe hotel gets off to the right start with the lovely armoatherapy smell in the reception that seems to radiate all through the hotel. I'd love to know what it was as it was really nice.The recpetionists were very nice and very helpful.The rooms are something else and remind you so much like you are staying in a beach house/hut. The floors are not in the bulk standard carpets but in wooden laminate flooring which was so different but you had to be a bit cautious when going around in socks or when coming out of the shower.Lovely decor too and the furniture resembles something being whitewashed.There is a separate wash area from the shower/toilet which made getting ready more convenient.Our room had two beds, a wardrobe/set of drawers, a round table with two chairs, comfy soft chair with matching footstool, night stand shared between the beds and another bench type seat which also doubled as a handy place to put your bags.Beware though that the beds are a bit higher than normal so great if you are a tall person. The only negative thing I have to say about the room was that there was no curtains in the room we had and while it made for looking at a spectacular sunrise at 5.15am I would rather have been sleeping!Hotel is about a 5 minute walk form the nearest subway station (Clark/Division) and the #36 bus passes by the bottom of the street too which will take you near to/from the Magnificent Mile. The road was a bit dark when walking back from the subway station at night though.There is a great Wallgreens at the bottom of the road too and a few doors down from the hotel is a great Pizza restaurant.Well worth a stay if you are going to Chicago.	
Sep 6 2006 	Great place to stay in Chicagp	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Indigo. We were there in order to attend a wedding, and this was one of the 2 hotels that provided rooms at a discounted price to the wedding guests. What a terrific choice! Our room was large and tastefully decorated in bright colors. Indigo and orange and green, I know it sounds bizarre, but it all flowed together quite nicely. The staff at the desk were friendly and tried hard to please. The location is excellent and there are many local restaurants and a lively night-life scene. We paid $149 per night, and I considered that to be a bargain price for such a nice hotel.	
Aug 30 2006 	Hotel Indigo Rocks!	My husband and I booked a room at Hotel Indigo for a quick stopover in Chicago. What a fantastic hotel! The location is great - it's close to the Red Line (5 minute walk) so it's very possible to take the El from either airport. If you're looking to explore the area around the hotel, walking in one direction from the hotel entrance puts you in the middle of the city - walk the other direction and you are in a great neighborhood (think: diverse architecture, people walking dogs, the whole bit...). The lobby was nice - a lot of people were having cocktails in the bar area. The rooms are pretty small, but well decorated and bright (makes it feel a bit larger). We didn't eat at the hotel (except coffee in the AM), but had a great breakfast at the 3rd Coast Cafe and Wine Bar, a 30 second walk from the hotel (try the stuffed french toast). We will definitely stay at the Indigo the next time we are in town.	
Aug 17 2006 	Hotel Indigo or bust!	As a young female traveler, I loved Hotel Indigo. I felt like I was walking into a spa when I first walked in....it looks awesome, almost like a quaint Florida/Carribean hotel and smells great too. The rooms were pretty big and I loved the decorations and hardwood floors. I also used the fitness room when I was there and that was great as well.The hotel is close to Rush Street, where there are tons of bars and restaurants. It is also close to the Clark/Division red line stop so you're minutes away from everything. I also loved the fact that there's a Walgreens a couple steps from the hotel, so you could buy things you forgot to pack at a reasonable price.I loved the location because you're a little removed from Michigan Avenue and have a more neighborhood feel. My favorite part of visiting Chicago is checking out all the indendent and unique stores and restaurants, not necessarily the ones on Michigan Avenue, so I am a little biased : ) But I showed a couple of my &quot;Chicagoan&quot; friends my hotel room and they could not stop ooohing and aaahing over it. I'm a Priority Club member so I frequent Holiday Inn hotels, and I must say this one is my favorite!	
Aug 15 2006 	We love Hotel Indigo	We recently stayed at Hotel Indigo and it was WONDERFUL!Although we arrived early before check-in, the staff graciously stowed our bags and within minutes, our room was ready. We stayed on the 14th floor where it was quiet and serene. The room was decorated adorably with beautiful hardwood floors and retro style and colors (bright white painted wood with lavender, navy, and apple greens) all very clean and welcoming. In the mornings, the Starbucks within the hotel provided a nice selection of coffee, juice, bagels, and muffins. They even had a complete breakfast offered. The hotel is in a fabulous location within easy walking distance to shopping and sights of Chicago. Hotel Indigo is a small, boutique property perfect for those who are tired of the impersonal, stuffiness of the mega hotels with giant lobbies and mazes of floors. From now on we will always stay here when we are in Chicago	
Jul 31 2006	Goldgoast-Yuck	Not for anyone who is scared of very small hot elevators. Average wait time for a ride in the only elevator at leat 5 minutes. No towles upon arrival, bugs in the bed !!! Yes, bugs in the bed, Air conditioner not working the best. Great location by Lincoln Park though. Front desk clerks very rude. Oh, did I mention the bathroom, very old &amp; nasty. I am by no means used to staying in plush surroundings, just clean. Would not recommend a stay there, but very economical &amp; clerk ended up knocking of 35.00 for the bugs!!! Should have been freee if you ask me. Best Wishes	
Jul 18 2006	Excellent place for a stay in Chicago!!!	Very good hotel in a nice location in Chicago. Nice bars and restaurants in walking distance. 10 walking minutes to water tower place. Rooms are small but very nice and new furnished with cool colours. Would definetly stay here again!!!	
Jul 13 2006	Book this one early	We stayed at the Hotel Indigo as a result of its ranking on this Web site. Now, my wife would rather change the dates of our Chicago visits -- we have a son who lives in Chicago -- than change hotels. Most importantly, everyone associated with this hotel was nice, helpful and courteous. In today's world, that is an exception, not the rule.	
Jul 12 2006	GREAT LOCATION HOTEL	Our family of four (two adults, two younger girl teens) stayed here in a larger room and loved it. We had two Queen beds, a sitting chair, work table and, most importantly, LOTs of mirrors. We could all get ready at the same time. Very comfy beds. Loved the bright, fresh color scheme. The hotel Location gets five stars. We've stayed downtown, the Loop, etc.,but this is the nicest neighborhood. Beautiful walking to the restaurants and zoo in Old Town. Can't stress enough the lovely atmosphere.We stayed on the 8th floor in a corner room which was fairly quiet. My only complaint is about the slamming doors from other guests coming in and out. That woke me several times. The staff was very helpful and gave good directions. Parking in the adjacent lot was $36/night.For the price for four of us ($159/night) it was a bargain, and we will stay there again.BEst Feature: Wireless internet Wish we'd had: less expensive Breakfast.Not luxury hotel, but close in a fabulous neighborhood.	
Jul 12 2006	Hotel Indigo is great!	Great value for the price. We stayed three nights early in July in this charming boutique property. Unique but comfortable rooms with great beds. Very clean rooms. Just a couple of short blocks to the red line to take you anywhere in the city. Located on a tree lined street in beautiful neighborhood with conveniences, restaurants etc. at your fingertips. Would definitely stay here again. Convenient to everything in Chicago but away from the throngs of people on Michigan Avenue.	
Jul 12 2006	Great Hotel and Neighborhood	Stayed with a friend for a fun Chicago trip. Comfy bright rooms and the lobby smells fantastic. Lots of restaurants and bars within close walking distance. Lots of other city attractions a longer walking distance or short cab ride. Neighborhood felt very safe, and much less traffic/siren noises than other hotels located near Michigan Ave. The front desk staff was very helpful with directions and suggestions for tours and spas in the area. Overall, we felt very welcome and the staff helped us have a great trip!	
Jun 29 2006 	No Blues at Indigo!	I travel to Chicago often and always stay just off of Michigan. In March of this year I learned I would be in Chicago from June 17-23, attending very large trade show/conference at McCormick Place. By this point, the City of Chicago was almost &quot;sold out&quot;. Thanks to Trip Advisor, I stumbled upon Hotel Indigo Gold Coast. Not your typical hotel...the words funky, fun, relaxing and calm come to mind. Great new concept!The previous reviews were great, and I've now experieced it first hand. The hotel is clean (A/C unlike other older Chicago hotels) , in a great location (esp. for singles) with many wonderful restaurants &amp; superior nightlife just a couple of blocks away! Staff is exceptional and though the rooms are small, they offer EVERY amenity you could ask for (Aveda products, CD player etc.). My room had only a shower but with such a great location, I wasn't in the room that much to even miss a tub. A Jewel grocery store and Walgreens were a 5 minute walk away. The 2nd floor of Indigo offer guests a mini-spa and workout room...manicures and pedicures were reasonably priced...though &quot;hair&quot; wasn't an option. Comp. internet/business centre on the lower level was very handy and well used. Approx. $12 taxi fare to McCormick Place. Less than 15 minute walk to WaterTower Place.I'm already looking forward to my Sept. '06 stay at this wonderful property...I highly recommend it!	
Jun 20 2006	Great hotel in every way	This hotel couldn't have been better. It's very unique in color and design, and although I don't really care about that, my girlfriend loved it. But the staff couldn't have been more helpful. And the location is absolutely ideal for exploring the city. Lots of good restaurants and bars nearby. The pizza next door at Eduardo's is really really good. The beds are really comfortable, too, which is my main criteria in judging a hotel. So yeah, stay here.	
Jun 15 2006	second time just as great	This was our second stay at Indigo (the first time this past winter) and it was even better than the first. The suites weren't available this time but the staff was sensitive to our request for that kind of room and put us in an &quot;over sized&quot; queen room. Wonderful! I love the hardwood floors at Indigo. The &quot;funky&quot;--used in the best possible way--atmosphere is wonderful, too. Everyone is friendly--and you get the sense they mean it too.Indigo is close to Michigan Ave and lots of restaurants and bars of course. And we had no trouble getting cabs (or there's parking immediately next door).I can't say enough nice things about Angela and Rhonda (at the front desk) or Scott (the manager)..it's nice to be pampered and they all went to the next level of pampering.Thanks and we'll be back!	
May 31 2006	Great hotel 	Indigo is beautiful and has a nice little restaurant. The location is great for an easy and safe walk to restaurants and Michigan Ave. It is close to an El station. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our stay here.	
May 18 2006	Romantic Honeymoon	We loved the hotel and the location. All the prior positive reviews are accurate. The rooms are cleverly decorated and very nice. Huge king bed was the most comfortable I've ever experienced. Hotel staff was friendly, although the front desk workers were a bit brisk, but this was a pretty busy week due to conventions. The hotel was completely booked during our stay (as we found out when we tried to add one more night!) Can't beat the location to enjoy restaurants and shopping. Check out Wells Street (west of the hotel) as well as the usual Gold Coast shopping, both within walking distance. Even with several rainy days we had a wonderful, romantic honeymoon, and loved staying at this hotel!	
May 15 2006 	Loved this hotel!	THis hotel was great! I loved the location. The staff were really helpful. The decor was really girly and modern. My only complaint, which is nearly universal, was how loud the doors were when they slammed. I had a tour group on my floor and they left early one morning. Everybody let their door slam and it was a terrible racket. I was also near the elevator and could hear that.	
Apr 17 2006	A Wonderful Place!	We just stayed at the Hotel Indigo last weekend. We were so impressed with the terrific interior decorating. It was light and fun and colorful! Much different from the traditional hotels in the area. And the price was excellent ($98/queen room). The staff was exceptionally nice. I would definitely stay here again next time I am in the city of Chicago.	
Apr 10 2006 	Great Place	Great place. Small rooms - but very nice. Great bed! Great location. Lots of fun pubs within walking distance. I always felt safe no matter the time of day or night. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Apr 5 2006	Great design! Not like your parent's hotel.	Got bumped to the Hotel Indigo when our downtown Chicago hotel overbooked on March 11, 2006, the day of the St. Patrick's Day Parade! What a delightful discovery! From the nontraditional lobby (bamboo floors and no roped off lines!) to the room, which had the same bamboo floors, bright blue and white bedding, blue phones and a green Melitta drip coffee pot. The king size bed was a bit large in the smallish room but I think it's because I asked for a room that allowed smoking, and I don't think they have many of these, but check with the hotel! First rate service, a very comfy bed, great staff, great location. So unlike chain hotels. Love the design of the entire hotel!	
Dec 17 2005	Fabulous staff go a step beyond	Upon Arrival, ~11:30am on a Thurs., we happily checked into our room, with 2 queen beds. There is a funky, Nantucket-inspired decor, with bright colors of blue, orange and lime. We found the room and bathroom to be spotlessly clean, and Aveda bath products are provided.With the incipient blizzard, we (and the hotel, only open since May) discovered that the wood floors were a slippery disadvantage in the winter. We resorted to taking our snow/ice-laden shoes off in the carpeted hallway outside our room, and dumping the shoes onto newspapers to dry.We found all the hotel staff to be extremely personable and helpful. If you want to know about the extensive live music scene, ask staff member Angelo and get a free &quot;Reader&quot; paper labeled as &quot;R,&quot; published weekly on Thurs., from the Blockbuster or other nearby stores/restaurants.For breakfast and (very) late-night bites, the wine bar/cafe next door, &quot;3rd Coast,&quot; is open from 7am to 2am. Don't miss the thick-sliced bacon.One strange note- shower water temperature was erratic, barely hot enough one morning, but almost impossible to titrate down to tolerable another day!	
Dec 6 2005	What a great find	What a pleasant suprise for my husband, myself and another couple. Found 2 rooms last minute and was not disappointed in the least at any aspect of our stay. The rooms were delightful!! They were such a nice change from the sterile, earth tone colored average hotel rooms. The hard wood floors in the rooms were a blessing....(who hasn't seen the 20/20 reports about hotel room floors)? I believe that someone really thought out the plans for this property. I pay incredible attention to detail and must say that the hotel passed in every way (great bed, awesome shower, clean, friendly, professional). Used concierge to book comedy club tickets and they did so within 5 minutes. My daughter lives in the city and said she'll not hesitate to suggest this hotel to any out of town guests. She's the only one person I know that is just as picky as I am. Thanks Hotel Indigo...we'll be back.	
Dec 1 2005	Loved the Indigo	I stayed at the Indigo during a wedding. I had an amazing time. The people who work at the front desk are sooo nice and helpful. A bellman named Angelo is the nicest person you could ever meet. He helped us get to places and even made phone calls for us. The location is perfect. The rooms are very cute and the bed is fantastic. Thanks Indigo for a wonderful stay!!!	
Nov 6 2005	princess for 2 days	My daughter and I spent one night and two days at the Hotel Indigo celebrating her 6th birthday. The staff couldn't have been more wonderful. Everyone seemed to know it was her birthday and went out of their ways to make her feel special. I had great communications from Cara, who helped arranged a cookie bouquet and even added some surprise balloons in the room when we arrived. We used the spa services and had manicures and pedicures which were outstanding. The spa staff made us feel just like family members. The room was perfect and my olfactory sensitive daughter exclaimed when we walked into the room for the first time &quot;hey it smells great in here&quot;!!! We had a fireplace room which was definitely an added comfort on a rainy Chicago morning. We will definitely be back, maybe we'll bring little sister next time. Look out hotel Indigo, you might have two princesses to pamper!!	
Oct 23 2005	Well thought-out hotel	I stayed for two nights mid-October using Priority Club points. Firstly, the location was very good, within a couple of minutes walk from the red line Clark/Division station. There were a number of bars/restaurants around; 5 minutes from Oak Street beach and walking to N Michigan Avenue only took about 15 mins. The whole area seemed very pleasant.The decor was as good as portrayed on the hotel web-site, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The room and bathroom were small by American standards, but far larger than a number of UK hotels I have stayed in.The hotel had wireless internet access plus 2 PCs in the business centre for free access to the web. The restaurant was an interesting concept - given they are in a city centre, they must have realised that most people will eat out. Hence, the restaurant had a counter where you ordered, and they would then cook and deliver the items (from snacks to full entrees) to your table. The counter also doubled as a Starbucks. In my opinion, this didn't work so well for breakfast - I thought the breakfast menu was fairly limited and needed more traditional cooked breakfasts available.I understand there's another 3 Hotel Indigos opening over the next few months (making a total of 5), so hopefully the chain will grow more quickly in the future as this really is a refreshing change from the average hotel.	
Oct 6 2005	A Very Expensive Trip!!		
Oct 2 2005 	Great room problems with service and security		
Sep 28 2005	Superb lodging experience		
Sep 22 2005 	Hotel Indigo Was a Treat! Definitely Stay Here!!!		
Aug 27 2005	Great for kids		
Aug 20 2005	Great secret but not for a while!		
Jul 29 2005	Super Location Ambiance and Rate		
Jun 17 2005 	Loved the Indigo		
Jun 7 2005	Great Location!		
Aug 23 2008 	Lieblingshotel		
Jul 20 2008 	Muy recomendable para fiesta compras y turismo		
