	Excellent Value and friendly professional courteous staff in Great Location.	My wife and I truly enjoyed our recent stay at this Sheraton Hotel. The value for money was outstanding - I know the price we paid is a reflection of the current difficult economic conditions but it really was worth much more money. The room and facilities were very comfortable and became our home during a week of constant activity. We looked forward to coming back to our room every evening, our &quot;island of tranquility&quot;, which overlooked the river and was very quiet. The front desk and housekeeping staff made us feel like special guests every day. We really liked the free internet access in the link café; the complimentary Starbuck's coffee and Tazo Teas are a generous and welcome amenity. Every hotel employee we met was helpful and pleasant. We loved the central location for our stay during Thanksgiving Week and will not hesitate to return to this hotel when the next opportunity presents itself. There is much we could say about the little things that make a stay enjoyable, and it is obvious that staff training and attention to detail as well as the intangibles, &quot;positive attitude, pride and willingness to please the customer&quot; are very evident throughout your facility.	
Nov 18 2009 	Shabby room. Nickel and dime pricing.	We stayed at this hotel during a very busy conference, so it would not be fair to rate some of the services. The room we were given can best be described as shabby. The alarm clock radio did not work and had to be replaced. The heating system was antiquated and did not work adequately. The toilet leaked onto the floor during the entire stay. The doors for the closet and cabinets did not stay open as they were hung incorrectly. There was no free internet or wifi available on the property and they charged $12 to use the fitness center. The public rooms, staff and the facilities were nice and there were restaurant choices. Location is great and I would advise that you check out the room first to see if it has been updated in the last 20 years before unpacking.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Place to Stay for a weekend Getaway!!	This is the second time I have stay with my husband at the Sheraton. I just love it. First of all, it is tucked away from the hustle and bustle of Michigan Avenue but very close to walk to. It is just minutes walk from Navy Pier and is directly across the street from AMC East 21 Movie theater and Lizzy McNeils Pub. You really dont need to leave your block if you just want to relax for a weekend get away, stroll Navy Pier, catch a movie or grab a pint. The rooms are very clean and the beds are great!!! We had a corner room so it had 3 windows and was bigger than most. One thing I noticed is that you never wait for an elevator. One came instantly and the hotel was very busy with conventions and weddings. The valet parking does kinda stink. It does cost 50.00 but directly across the street is a parking garage. It may still cost but at least you dont have to wait so long to get your car. The staff however was very friendly and willing to help. It also helps when you tip. People who work in hotels dont make tons of money. So leave your housekeeper afew dollars on a pillow and tip the man hailing you a cab or bartender making you a drink. Definatley would recommend this place to anyone wanting to stay downtown.	
Nov 16 2009 	Nightmare Parking overrides a good hotel	Beware… Sheraton Towers has the worst valet parking system I have ever experienced. Sheraton really needs to do something different with the parking here. In the world of travel and having choices among hotels, it’s the small details like parking that become a deciding factor. It’s a shame really because everything else about the hotel was good. Ericka checked us in early with welcome arms. My room was clean, the bed was comfortable (I must have had a newer bed compared to other reviews), towels clean and the coffee pot was stocked. It was great to have a view from the room of the river and Navy Pier, which was so near I could almost touch it. Why would you pay for exercise equipment when there is a beautiful river walk just outside the door? Cute little coffee shop was downstairs with really high prices but what else is new in the city. Lots and lots of families with children carrying those expensive dolls but that’s normal every weekend in the City. I come to Chicago often and usually stay at a Hilton or Marriott property. This trip I decided to give it a go at the Sheraton. Valet parking is $50 no matter where you stay so the parking cost was not a surprise. What was a surprise was how incredibly unorganized their system is and that I had to wait 45 minutes to get my car! And I was not the only one. If you call down, the phone just rings. If you go down to the valet area on a busy checkout day, be prepared to wait… and wait… and wait… Good thing I did not have a plane to catch. I understand 15 or 20 minutes. But not 45! When I forgot something and had to go back up to my room, the poor lady at the front desk got the full brunt of my frustration and for that I apologize.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good Location	The hotel is very close to Navy Pier. Nice Lobby. The room was clean, but small. My only complaint is the bed was very uncomfortable. I would recommend the hotel because of the location but hopefully they will get some new beds!	
Nov 13 2009 	Nice hotel good location	Hotel is much nicer this visit than we had in the summer. We were glad because we have stayed at this hotel several times over the last 10 years and always liked to stay here. The new mattresses are very comfortable and the rooms very clean.. Hotel was very accomodating and upgraded us to the Club Level when we checked in early. Had a nice view of the lake and the Chicago River. Breakfast on the Club Level was very good, especially the bakery items. We will definitely come back!!!	
Nov 9 2009	We had a very nice stay here!	I stayed at the Sheraton for my cousin's wedding in October. The room was very nice with a fantastic view! There were also a lot of bars within walking distance for my sister and I. The wedding and reception were held at the hotel and they were beautiful! The hotel even offered a mini reception outside before the main event began. We got to enjoy drinks and hor' dorves right next to the river!! After the wedding the group all went to a little karaoke bar right next to the hotel. It was perfect!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Nice hotel good service all around	We bring a group once a year to eat and party and thank our clients. This was our first stay at this property. We got a special pre-paid internet rate of $109/night. WHAT a bargain! The location is fabulous. We joined the Starwood club upon check-in and were given corner rooms on the top floors. There was free water and Starbucks coffee in the rooms. The room had GREAT views and was quiet. The bed was very comfortable. The reason I give it four stars is because we had terrible reception on CBS; couldn't get it at all. Also, the free wireless in the room never worked after many attempts. We had to pay to access the internet. Also, there's a $12 fee to use the exercise facility and pool. I think that's high, although they did have very good machines and an excellent facility. We found the staff to be over the top friendly and helpful. Though the decor is a bit dated, it is warm and spacious with beautiful views from the lobby and bar areas. The ceilings are lower than some hotels, so the noise level never bothered us. I hope to stay here in the future- we were very impressed!	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Location Great Views!	We stayed here for three nights (Th, F, Sa) and were very pleased. We arrived shortly after 10AM on our first day, and were cheerfully given an early check in at no extra cost, with a room on the 18th floor overlooking the Chicago River with a great skyline view that included the Chicago Tribune building. Beds were very comfortable. Great location: 1+ block to Michigan Avenue and the stop for the bus that goes to the museums. Magnificant Mile and Millenium Park were easy walks. (Navy Pier looks close on a map, but it would be quite a walk. We ended up cabbing it. Or you could take a water taxi there.) We appreciated having several restaurants on site -- ate at the burger place, which had nice river views, as well as at the breakfast buffet (amazing selection, excellent food) -- with several other restaurants within a couple of blocks (PJ Clarks -- good! -- just a block or so away). The electronic tables (checkers, chess, interactive maps, etc.) in the lobby were a hit with our 11-year-old (and his parents!). Our son enjoyed going to the pool each day after returning from the museums and before dinner. Really, no complaints. Price was a little steep, but it was in line with what the other hotels were charging and acceptable to us given the location, the great views from our window and the pool!	
Oct 28 2009 	great location-shame about the Bank of America Protest outside	we hae just got back and want to start off with a Thank You to Alex and Alex (on the reception)for making our stay very pleasant. The Hotel has great views of Lake Michigan from our 34th Floor Room. Staying on the 34th Floor means we also had Complimentary Breakfast. The Hotel is well Maintained and looks like it has been kitted out for Business travellers, this means that the lobby has all the latest gadgets and gizmos. For example, there ae touchscreen tables that act as a eletronic chessboard/tour guide/GPS Map and much more things. Whilst you are there, check out the apple pie in the Chicago Burger Co.it's on the bottom floor and the pies are wonderful.Lastly, it would be remiss of me to not mention the BOA Protest. Basically they breached security in the Lobby, but were Kicked out by the police. They then carried on outsde for 30mins or so.The General Manager wrote all the guests an apology letter	
Oct 25 2009 	Good large convenient hotel in the loop	Stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for 3 nights. The hotel is large and well run. The location is excellent for any activities in the loop. High floors have good views of the river, the lake or the city. Rooms were well appointed and clean. I paid about $180 per night (before taxes), which seemed OK for the location, but not a super value. One quirk was that the room service was not available for lunch - you had to go to one of the restaurants in the lobby or the lower levels. The staff was extremely courteous and friendly, which is not always the case in big city hotels.	
Oct 25 2009 	Property in decline--my 2nd stay one year later	Stayed here 1 year prior for 3 nights and property was much better managed then. Returned this year for 4 nights (2 for a conference in hotel, 2 additional for pleasure). Can't say I'd choose to return here, even if the conference ends up being here once again next year. Once again, I stayed in an upper floor &quot;corner&quot; king club floor room.My list of complaints: 1. Poor lighting in room--room was very dark at night. CFL bulbs were not of a high enough wattage/luminence.2. General service throughout hotel was lacking. Received a fax delivered to my door 24 hours late--and was still charged nearly $15 for it. Never did a doorman open a door for me, even though they were always around and plentiful.3. Hotel dining options were pathetic for such a huge hotel. Two nights we were forced out of the hotel to dine because the only dinner option in the hotel was Shula's Steakhouse (very expensive) or room service (expensive and limited options). Totally unacceptable for a hotel this size.4. Club lounge has practically become a joke. Soft drinks are not readily available anymore except upon request from club room staff--who aren't always present. Continental breakfast pastry selection is good, but they don't even offer any eggs, hardboiled or otherwise, anymore. Evening cocktails has also become rather lame--food selections were rather limited and not very interesting. Massage chair in lounge was out of order. Lounge wasn't often very clean/presentable especially during peak hours.5. Daily newspapers no longer delivered to room door in morning. Papers were available at/near the Club Lounge entrance by the elevators.6. In-room high-speed internet access is not necessarily included on the Club Floor. I was booked under two different rates during my stay--conference rate (the more expensive rate) didn't include free internet while a promotional (less expensive) rate did include it. Ridiculous, especially for a Club Floor room.The positives I'd care to mention are few. Like the other 2 Sheraton's I've stayed at in the past 18 months, beds were very comfortable (although they lacked an ample number of pillows!). Housekeeping was generally good--room was kept clean.Overall, an overpriced, overrated hotel that is slipping in quality fast. Unless you get a great deal on the room rate, or need to stay here for a conference, I'd go elsewhere.	
Oct 19 2009 	Excelent for the price and the location is fabulous	Since we got an incredible cheap price for the trip, I was not sure if it was goingto be good. It was. The rooms are average, bed unbelievable comfortable and awesome view to the Navy Pier. When we arrived there was a confusion about our trip having breakfast or not: they solved it without hesitation by saying we had, but also gave us 1 breakfast buffet (which was really, REALLY good) for the 5 of us, plus the afternoon snacks (which I'm sure we didn't have access to). So, just to point out: excellent service basically everywhere: at the check in, solving our little breakfast problem, at the restaurant. The location is perfect, it is walking distance to Michigan Ave., the Millennium Park, it was really convenient for us. I think I would stay here again!	
Oct 18 2009 	Big name little impression	I stayed at this hotel to attend a conference that was being held there. The hotel was booked solid and they obviously had no way to handle that, they seemed understaffed. The high-speed internet that was supposed to cost $14 a day but was free for conference attendees did not work. The parking costs were OUTRAGEOUS! I thought the food was good that the hotel provided for the conference events. Very good actually. The other complaint I have is that half of the hotel was sweaty hot and the other half was freezing cold. We had to turn the heat on in our room. In July.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good location and upmarket changin facilities	We booked this hotel through Virgin Holidays but as a member of the hotel’s loyalty scheme I contacted the hotel with our preferences before checking in. We had spent the previous night at the Hyatt across the road as due to flight cancellations by Virgin we arrived in Chicago a day early, but couldn’t get an extra night at the Sheraton.We strolled across the river to see if we could leave our bags at the hotel before checking in that afternoon and they checked us in there and then (08:15), with a king bedded room overlooking the river, though on the 8th floor (Room 855) but not a high floor as we had hoped. But we were pleased that we could get into our room and went straight back to get our cases and settle ourselves in for 4 nights.The room was reasonably sized as we were on the corner and so had a bit more room than in the hotel’s website pictures. There was a small safe but it was only big enough to store a small travel wallet, and couldn’t store valuables such as cameras. There was also a key that you had to carry around with you rather than a combination.The room should have been relatively quiet but there was some noise from the road across the river as well as a small amount of river traffic. It was also in an alcove at the end of the corridor but unfortunately for us we had some inconsiderate neighbours who despite them putting a sign out asking for quiet didn’t reciprocate this as they came and went at all hours slamming doors etc.We did use the pool and were quite impressed by the size for a city hotel. The changing facilities were probably some of the best that we have experienced.There is a business centre here but we struggled to find it open – I must admit we were there the labor day weekend but never got a chance to use it. There was no wifi access in the hotel and so we went to Dominicks (with a Starbucks) just over the road to pick up our emails. We were a little surprised that there was a charge for the use of the business centre on check-out but this was promptly removed from our bill when we explained that we had not used the business centre.	
Oct 13 2009 	Conference at the Sheraton	We had our company conference at the Sheraton Chicago and it was fantastic. The service we great and the location was fantastic (right on the river). The rooms were pretty standard and were kept very clean at all times. I would definitely recommend this hotel for business and leisure travelers to the Windy City.	
Oct 8 2009 	room with a view	We recently stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers. We went for our anniversary. The hotel was very clean and the room was very nice. We checked in early, 12:30, and they gave us a room right away. We asked for a king and they gave us a great room, with a view of the chicago river. It was very pretty at night, looking out at the river and the lights. The hotel is steps away from Michigan ave. We like to stroll down Michigan ave. to shop and people watch. It did not dissapoint. We had a drink in their bar, before we went to dinner. The martini's were great, if not a little strong. We only needed one for sure. The hotel is very big and a little impersonal. But we just needed a nice, clean hotel close to Michigan ave., and this hotel fits the bill. We got a great deal on priceline, and will stay here again. The beds are very comfortable.	
Oct 8 2009 	solid hotel!	customer service is wonderful at this hotel. i checked in at the front desk and because the hotel was not at full capacity at the time, i was immediately given a free upgrade with a smile. room was immaculate. bed was heavenly to sleep in, which is very important for any business trip. staff was friendly. overall, a very pleasant experience.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel laid back atmosphere	The hotel lobby was quite nice, check-in went smoothly and quick, and the restaurant with the breakfast buffet was worth the hefty price. The Chicago Burger Company restaurant on site though left a lot to be desired though in service. We left after not getting a waiter to even come to our table to take our drink order for 20 minutes and went across the street to the Irish pub. That place really was service-oriented, and the food was great!	
Oct 8 2009 	Central location ok rooms	Stayed one night for business. Decent location, very easy to get a cab, and ok service. Recently stayed at a W hotel, so this room seemed a little tired compared to the rooms a any W. Avoid the Burger &quot;Restaurant&quot; in the lower level - it's a complete ripoff. About $10 for a burger and you don't even get fries.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful view. Just blocks from main attractions.	We stayed for our one year anniversary on the Club Level. You most likely could get a great view even if you weren't on the Club Level. There were a few snags along the way but they were eager to fix them and very polite.I would suggest staying here!	
Oct 2 2009 	after 2 nights at the W hotels in Chicago it was nice to not hear the night club in the elevator	was in Chicago for a conference. The week was busy for Starwood hotels, and I couldn't find anything downtown for Monday, the last day. I had booked at the aloft by O'Hare, but really didn't want to commute back into town. The day before checking in here, I was able to find a reward night open up. Honestly, I hadn't even considered the Sheraton, as I wasn't familiar with Chicago, and it didn't seem to be as close to my conference as it actually was (Hyatt and Navy Pier). I balked at the 10,000 points, but decided I didn't want to commute...and there is no way I was staying at another W Hotel on this trip (4 nights, 4 different hotels). Sheraton won because I wanted traditional elevator music, haha.The Sheraton Chicago Tower was clean and impressive from the moment we walked through the door, which was held open by the doorman. Alex was very friendly at check-in, and put us on an SPG floor, 30th. I immediately crashed on the familiar comfort of the Sheraton 'Sweet Sleeper' bed. It really is comfortable, and the Shine by Bliss bath products are very nicely scented. A retreat to the pool found it located overlooking the river, along with the exercise facility. The sauna and locker room were well maintained. The hotel is an easy, comfortable walk to most things on MI Ave. Taxis are available for the lazy. I wish I could remember the lady's name at the concierge desk, she was so friendly and helpful in arranging airport transportation.Likes: Sheraton reliability, comfortable beds, great location, the viewDislikes: small room with double beds, no club access unless platinumOverall: This is the hotel I will recommend for my parent's visit to Chicago coming up. Business travelers, families, and the worn down from glamouratti will enjoy the sedate nature of this hotel. Sometimes...you don't want the party to follow you back to the hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	They don't care once you leave	Booked on Hotwire and all was O.K. while we were there. Decent room. Good view. Great location.Got home and found a $5.25 charge on credit card statement. It was a very small amount but I called and could not get anyone in accounting. I left 3 messages with 2 different people and did not receive a reply. I sent 2 Emails and did not receive a reply. Either this place has the most inefficient system to communicate with customers or they simply do not care.I would not suggest this hotel to anyone because if there is any problem it seems impossible to talk to anyone about it.	
Sep 24 2009 	AMAZING! We can't wait to return to the Sheraton Towers!	As much as we use TripAdvisor for travel tips, this is the first time we have written a review - and that's because the Sheraton Towers deserves such glowing remarks!In one word, AMAZING.There is not a thing we didn't like about this hotel.The Sheraton’s LOCATION to everything we did during our long weekend in Chicago could not have been better. We were walking distance to bars, restaurants, Miracle Mile, Navy Pier, Grant Park, bicycle rentals, shopping (Nordstrom!), everything!From the moment we entered the spacious, well-appointed lobby, we knew we had made a good decision for our stay-away-from-home.Our room was one of the nicest we’ve stayed in in years, with a comfy bed and views which extended for miles across the Lake. The hotel was roomy, clean, cozy... everything catered to making the visitor’s stay everything they would want it to be.Although there was Starbucks coffee and Tazo teas in the room, we opted to enjoy the coffee and DELICIOUS apple scones each morning from the coffee bar on the 2nd floor. Imagine, just feet from the hotel, enjoying breakfast with your loved one next to the river, listening to a waterfall and fountain just feet away. It was breathtaking. We relaxed as we watched the tourists go by on the ferries. We had the best turkey burgers/turkey burger salads downstairs at the burger joint, and delicious drinks at the lobby bar to start each of our evenings.We really could not have asked for a better hotel and would not even question staying anywhere else in the city.We've made a promise to ourselves that we will return with the kids soon and STAY again at the Sheraton Towers. And we can't wait!-The Chatfields, San Diego	
Sep 13 2009 	location Location LOCATION!	We reserached this trip for months. Having been to Chicago before we wanted to make this trip even better. We picked the Sheraton because of the location to almost everything we needed. The bus tour acrtually had a stop here, our bike tour was within walking distance as was the mag mile, tribune building and Navy Pier. This was by no means the cheapest of accomidations but I would pick it over others again. The staff was friendly, the in hotel resteraunts we went to weregood and the all you can eat breakfast buffett we splurged on the last morning fantastic- I would definantly use it again.The ony draw back we had was the burger joint in the lowest level were more attentive to the sidewalk customers than those indoors- we had to go ask the folks behind the counter to take our orders after waiting for over 20 minutes for a server to. She had to seat us as well, and was apologetic when we returned to get attention.Our room was nice- and reasonable, I might upgrade nesxt time for a lake view! but with the pierwithin walking distance the rivier view was fine.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great Location Stunning Views	Hard to find any faults with The Sheraton Towers when you compare the price of rooms against other hotels in this location and with the same classification. Firstly the location is perfect and within walking distance to Chicago's 'must go' area’s such as The Loop and the Magnificent Mile. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful, I personally found the beds very comfortable and the view of the River/Lake/City are simply stunning.If you are tired on the evening and don't want to venture far there is a steak house and burger located in the hotel that are pricey but quality and there is a good Irish Bar right next door to the hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	We had a great time.	The hotel was fantastic. The service was very good. the only thing I didn't like was the bed. it was to weird it must of been a thing called memory foam. I like a hard bed not one you sink into.	
Sep 7 2009 	Average Hotel	I would agree with those that didn't think this hotel was all that. I would also agree with those that thought the hotel was ok. It depends what u want and what u spent. For me there are better choices. I would not stay here again. We paid about $200 a nite for the club floor. It wasn't worth it. The rooms are old and have been updated. They are strangely configured with a sofa infront of the window limiting your standing in front to look out. The ceilings are low and the rooms are a little dark. Parking is $50 a nite for valet (and the way they were parking cars on curbs etc. I wouldn't let them near my car). Or self parking for $35 a nite in a remote lot under the hotel. I counted six separate hallways and and old elevator to get to the self lot. My car was covered in black soot after three days there.The &quot;Club&quot; level included free wired internet in our room which worked ok. The club itself had only some light appetizers and bottled water available. You could ask for a can of pepsi. Wine was $8, beer $6. The room was usually hot, on the first day it was packed. I wouldn't pay extra for this service. The club levels in this hotel are not card key restricted in the elevators. There are so many hotels in this town to choose from that you could find something never and better than this one. If you get a good deal then fine, but it is not worth what he paid plus parking.	
Sep 2 2009 	Overcharges glore poor business center LOW speed internet	I frequent Sheraton hotels around the US and the rest of the world. This is one of the worse suited for the business traveler. First, the hotel had multiple billing errors, Particularly odd was that all of the errors were in their favor, resulting in substantial over charges. This led to half an hour of haggling during checkout until charges were removed. Second, although my office has alerted the business center in advance that we expected delivery of several packages to the hotel, all of the packages went missing, one up to 36 hours. Audaciously, the hotel slapped a $5 charge per each package received, despite the trouble we suffered. Third, internet speed was unacceptably slow, hardly suitable for checking email. The online support scolded us for trying to download files using the service, for which we paid close to a $100. All in all - a serious disappointment, hassle, and expenses.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good Value Good Location Decent Quality	Just stayed here one night for quick in and out work visit. Got a good deal on hotwire.com and having normally stayed in the Hyatt across the river at rates over $100 more expensive I would definitely recommend the Sheraton over the Hyatt.	
Aug 25 2009 	Fantastic. Don't let poor reviews scare you.	So I booked a room in Chicago with Priceline, got a fantastic rate but was nervous when I saw it was the Sheraton.I read the reviews here and assumed we were headed for a nightmare.Well, not so.OK, let's be realistic. Are there nicer hotels? SURE. But this is a Sheraton. It's big and it's a big chain hotel. But don't let the reviews scare you. My wife and I like to enjoy nice hotels and she really enjoyed the Sheraton. In fact, much more than another Hotel we stayed at in Chicago which is rated WAY higher on TripAdvisor.First - The location is amazing.Second - The beds are fine. In fact, I'd be willing to say the beds are very comfy. I never slept so well. VERY soft but also very nice.Third - The hotel itself being large can look a bit run down in the hallways and what not, it's older. But our room was fine, big flat screen TV, amazing view. It's cheap folks, I see a lot of people paying $60-70 on priceline and then complaining... well that's just wrong. If you want to pay for a fine Hotel, don't use priceline. I love priceline and take what they give me with no issues. $75 bucks a night on a weekend in Chicago at a decent quality Hotel with a location like the Sheraton is a 100% no-brainer.Fourth - The staff. Awesome. We got an early check-in no problem at all at 10AM on a Thursday morning. The concierge was just awesome. Going the extra mile to answer any questions we had.Fifth and finally, the Hotel is super quiet. AS I mentioned, we stayed at a Hotel ranked much higher but it was down on Michigan Avenue and WAY louder. We couldnt hear a peep in the Sheraton. But again, keep in mind this hotel is much larger than many of the smaller boutique swanky Hotels, so there are lots of people, kids, families. No issues at all.Cons - Parking in Chicago sucks everywhere. Be prepared to pay 35- $50 bucks a night. And if you check in at noon and leave the next day at 12:10 - be prepared to get nailed for that extra 10 minutes. We found cheaper parking at the Park but the last day had to take a cab to get there, in the end it pretty much worked out the same anyways.Don't be worried if you booked this hotel, it's fantastic and you really cant get a better location.	
Aug 25 2009 	Sheraton was Fine	The location is the best factor - a few blocks from Navy Pier, Michigan Ave, the park....all great. All staff were wonderful and helpful. The only negative is that the rooms are a bit tired in terms of decor, particularly the bathrooms. 80s/90s style tile and fixtures. An update would be in order. Although clean and fine, I've found other moreupdated hotels at the same price.	
Aug 23 2009 	Very nice hotel 	We just returned from a quick Chicago trip and stayed in the Sheraton. We spent 3 nights there and found the hotel to be very nice. I'll give a quick review of a few areas of interest, concern.BEDS : I was very concerned after reading the reviews about being miserable. I found the beds very nice. They are certainly not the slab of concrete we've found in many hotels but neither are they the broken down, sagging in the middle beds one might find in a super cheap hotel. Both my husband, who has a bad back,and I found them very comfortable. My only slight &quot;down&quot; side to the beds was it would sure be nice if more hotels offered double bedded hotels with queen rather than full size beds. We sleep in a king at home and a double is quite small for the two of us - or family rooms with a queen and a bunk bed? Sure would make taking the kids on vacation more pleasant.LOCATION : Fabulous - easy walk to Navy Pier or Millenium Park. We did both walks at least twice while we were there. If you're there during the summer, don't miss out on the Navy Pier fireworks on Wed &amp; Sat. We went Wednesday and they were definitely a hit. We had a nice view of the river and downtown from our room. ROOM / CLEANLINESS / Etc : The room was on the average to small standard hotel room. We don't spend that much time in our room so it was fine but it certainly wasn't huge. We loved the view. An additional chair to just sit and watch out the window might have been nice but with two beds, it would have been a tight fit to squeeze another chair in. The room was certainly clean enough and the cleaning staff we did encounter were very friendly. We had no complaints on size or cleanliness.STAFF : We didn't interact with the staff much but the person who checked us in was very nice. The las night we went to a bar in the hotel (Java I think?) for a drink and took our 2 young children. The waitress was very nice and even brought out a complimentary Shirley Temple for the kids. They were thrilled and it certainly let us enjoy our drink more than we expected.We would be happy to stay at the Sheraton in the future if we're in Chicago.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Hotel And Great Location	Just got back from a week at the Sheraton and I can say it was great! Rooms were spotless, beds were fantastic loved them! The employee's were so nice, housekeeping was wonderful great job! We love the location a 10 minute walk to Navy Pier and a short walk to Michigan Ave for shopping! Hotel has a Shula's Steak House in the lobby. free computers are available there about 8 of them. The concierge floor and club were great. I prefer this over the Westin MI Ave as they do not offer any club were you can get breakfast and appetizers at night. Guarnteed to be back! Thanks to all at the Sheraton for a wonderful stay!! From a Starwood Platinum member!	
Aug 17 2009 	Great hotel that we really enjoyed!	We were fortunate and got this hotel through Priceline for $75.00 USD. The staff was very nice and our room was clean and roomy. Although others have disliked the beds, I was a big fan. I loved sinking into the softness. If you like a hard bed, these are not for you. My sons and husband enjoyed the pool. The views from the pool were great! The views from our room were awesome! It was wonderful to look at the river and dowtown at night! The hotel is within walking distance of Navy Pier and great shopping and restaurants. I would recommend going to the Fox and Obel Marketplace/Restaurant just three blocks away. Very reasonable prices. We were able to check in early and the bell hop kept our luggage until it was time to catch the train. All in all, my family gave this hotel a thumbs up!	
Aug 15 2009	Sheraton Chicago - outstanding location no issues	Read all the reviews here. I found no issues. This a very large convention style hotel. It is stylish, well maintained, and professionally staffed. In many aspects, this is an elegant hotel, well maintained.The location is on the north side the Chicago river, technically across from the river walk. By taking an escalator down from the lobby level, guests can walk right out onto the very attractive riverside plaza and walkway, running from Lakeshore to Michigan Avenue. You can easily walk to Michigan Ave and cross to the other side which extends much further east. There is a beautiful fountain (Centennial Fountain) just yards away from the hotel, with pleasant benches and a couple of restaurants with outdoor seating. A short walk away are docks for river tour boats. We enjoyed a one hour &quot;architectural&quot; cruise a lot more than I expected - you get great views of all the major buildings.The proximity of the river and the plaza areas are a big plus in my view. This section was pretty uncrowded and sedate, and offers stunning views of the river. During warm weather as we had, it made the downtown location totally pleasant. I particularly enjoyed drinking my morning coffee and reading for a half hour or so in one of those &quot;life is good&quot; moments watching residents of nearby condos jogging, walking their dogs and such.The hotel amenities are all first class, and if you don't mind paying $22 for a breakfast buffet (as an example), the quality is good, with stylish and tasteful decor.I travelled with my young adult son to see a Cubs game, and while it was not all that convenient to Wrigley, we had no complaints. The rate at Priceline was $189 (there was an airshow on Saturday, and they were full), but I did not find any great bargains at hotels downtown.We arrived at about noon and requested an early check-in, which was happily granted. Our room on the 11th floor looked east along the Chicago river, and the view was outstanding - looking over the water with the new Trump hotel dominating the view, along with the Wrigley building. We were very impressed. I imagine most rooms on higher floors will have good views.All my contacts with reception, concierge, even housekeeping and bellmen (we stored our bags for a few hours the last day) were 100% pleasant and professional.I found the beds OK (not remarkable in any way), but I would agree that noises in the hallway and adjacent rooms are rather easily heard. In our case, our neighbors were not very noisy, although I can imagine that this could be problematic.I would have appreciated free wireless internet connections (I think the service was $12 a day) but they did have about 8 nice computers connected to a printer that guests could use free in the coffee shop - which incidentally was pretty good (with somewhat inflated pricing). Again, prompt and friendly service there.Overall, we enjoyed the visit to Chicago, and I thought this &quot;big city&quot; visit was far more pleasant than a similar trip last year to NYC, with the hotel and its staff hitting very high standards. I'm sure you could find fault, but our experience tells me most people will be satisfied, and the location is excellent.	
Aug 15 2009 	The bed is horrible--isn't that the only reason for a hotel?	Stayed at the Sheraton Chicago for 4 nights during a long weekend at the beginning of August and I can't complain about the service. Set your expectations for a very large hotel and you will be happy. Unfortunately, in my opinion the only reason to stay at a hotel is to sleep and get ready for the day and the Sheraton disappoints in both respects. As other travelers have said, the beds are just ridiculous. I couldn't wait to get back home and sleep in my own bed so I wouldn't wake up sore. The bathrooms are in serious need of upgrading and a deep cleaning--mildew on the shower curtain! cracked tiles on the floor (never mopped during our stay) and just a general sense of unsanitary practices. The location of the hotel is great, but I can say that next time I'm looking for a hotel anywhere, I won't be looking at a Sheraton until they get rid of their &quot;bedding system&quot;.	
Aug 11 2009 	Bring your own matress!	I was in Chicago for two nights. I had booked my reservations through Priceline and was very pleased with the reasonable rate we payed - $80.00 USD a night. The Hotel was large, attractive, and well staffed. Best of all, the hotel was nicely situated near all tourist activities. We had a wonderful time walking Chicago and if you’re interested in the architectural boat tours, you can’t get much closer to the dock at the Michigan St. Bridge.Now, the down side. I spent these two nights sleeping on the floor. The super soft designer mattresses were a two night sentence in hell. There was not a spot on the mattress I did not sink in 6-8 inches, and there was no support whatsoever. There were four of us on the trip; two were ok with the beds, not happy, but OK. The other two were in pain most of the night.I Spoke to the staff, they said they are aware of the problem and they have started a campaign of changing the super soft mattresses with more typical ones. They claim to be starting on the top floor and working their way down. Obvious they haven’t reached the 15th floor yet.	
Aug 3 2009 	We were satisfied with our stay but not everyone there was.	After reading the reviews on this site, I was a little wary of staying at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers. However, I got it at a great price on priceline so I was going to make a go of it. Our room was not ready until an hour after check in time but we were in no hurry to get into it and did not make a fuss for some kind of compensation. Our room was clean and the bed was soft and cozy. No complaints about the room. The concierge was very friendly and gave us a great recommendation for a Thai restaurant and even provided us with walking directions. At check out we had to wait in this cramped basement room for our car. Because of the rush for cars at checkout, our wait was about 20 minutes. The waiting area for the cars is rather dark and has some dated couches in it. That whole parking waiting area scenario needs to be revamped and updated. For the money I spent, I would return. However, many of the people waiting in the parking lounge were unhappy with the condition of their rooms or the service. I guess the place can be kind of hit or miss and you have to expect that when you stay here.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good Location	We stayed here for a long weekend. It is a sheraton, so you get the standard large hotel service. Rooms were good, especially if you get one like ours looking down the river towards the downtown area. We simply asked for a good view when we checked in and the staff did a great job to oblige.If you are in Chicago for a short time, it is the best location for shopping on &quot;the miracle mile&quot; , a quick walk across the river to the millenium park and a grant park and not too far away from navy pier. There is actually a free trolley run by the city council that runs a loop from State street, (where the closest subway station is that links with the downtown area), within a block of the hotel and Navy Pier. This therefore makes everything much closer, and is a good way to get around this end of town.Overall good experience. Bed is interesting, mattresses are very soft and is hard to find your bed buddy!	
Jul 26 2009 	Good. Corporate-y.	I just finished a three-night stay at The Sheraton. Here are my pros and cons:Location: If you like shopping, you're just a short walk away from the base of Michigan Avenue. Also, if you like parks, Millennium Park isn't too far either. Also, you're right by Navy Pier. Across from the hotel, there's a Walgreens, and across from that, there's a Dominick's Supermarket. East on Illinois, there's a random grocery store, and then the beautiful Fox &amp; Obel--an upscale grocery. Views: My room on the 18th floor had a great view of Navy Pier.Gym: A fully-equipped gym. ($12 a day or $20 for the duration of your stay.) There are even two spinning bikes outside on the river, which I thought was a nice touch.Bed: Despite other reports, my bed was awesome. It was not super-soft. It seemed quite new. ConsBell Service: When I checked out, I called down for bell service and was told someone would call me back shortly. 20 mins later and no one had called me back yet an I had to leave in 10 mins. So I just left.Lots of Convention Traffic: This is a big convention hotel. So if you're just in town for the weekend, it might be a bit odd, wandering around all the conventioneers. Concierge: There was always a huge queue. I gave up. Decor: Wall coverings looked new. Carpets not so new? Odd. Safe: The safe in my room was VERY small. Maybe about 4 or 5 inches deep? I could not fit my laptop into the safe along with my other stuff. Also, the safe in my room required a key, so I had to carry the key around with me for the rest of the weekend.All in all, it felt a bit soulless and corporatey. I like the Kimpton properties better. (Not the Allegro though. Go for the Burnham or Monaco first.)	
Jul 24 2009 	Problems fixed immediately	It is probably what you would expect from a Sheraton - nice rooms, a little pricey maybe (but it is downtown and our room had great views of Navy Pier &amp; the lake). Our air conditioning did not work on arrival and called down &amp; had the motor replaced 30 minutes after we called. The hotel apparently laid off a bunch of maintenance people over the winter with the downturn in travel, and the result is a lot of basic maintenance did not get done and they may be paying the price with emergencies all summer long. Still the response was more rapid than just about any hotel problem I have had and afterward had no complaints. I notice that there are a couple of complaints about lobby service, and there were at least two convention/conferences going on at the hotel, but I don't wait around for anyone to carry my bag for me anyway, so can't comment on that kind of service. My bed was fine (and I like a firm mattress) so that sounds like I was either lucky or random on that point.	
Jul 22 2009 	Thoroughly Enjoyable.	We were heading to the Chicago area to visit relatives in the suburbs and decided to stay in the city for the first night. The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers offered a great deal for booking 21 days in advance.It is in such a great location on the river with lake views and near the magnificent mile and navy pier. We walked the entire city and had a fantastic nights sleep on a very comfy bed!	
Jul 22 2009 	marshmallow beds	On the plus side, it's a great location with great views of the river, and the lake. Steps from Michigan Ave and all the action.On the down side, I was first put into a wheelchair accessible room, which had a low ceiling and an open bathroom (no tub, just side shower area of floor). While the bed in this room was &quot;normal&quot; (i.e. generally firm), the shower was only really useable as a handheld shower, as the water shot across the shower area horizontally with the head placed in the wall mount. After getting moved to another room (I couldn't deal with that for 3 more nights), I did get a great view of the river and lake and Navy Pier, but now I had what others have described as the bed from hell. So soft it's like sleeping in a marshmallow. Not something I've ever experienced in any other hotel ever. While it might sound appealing, it was so soft it was difficult to change positions and move around, and my companion actually had to sleep on the floor as it was too soft and bad for his back. When I complained about the bed at checkout they did remark that &quot;they are working on that&quot; which may mean they plan on replacing them, as many of my travel companions also complained about these beds. Solely for the horrible beds I would not recommend staying here (unless you want a really soft bed with no back support).	
Jul 20 2009 	Cannot beat this view!	I just returned from a weekend at the Sheraton and I cannot say how much we enjoyed our stay. The staff was fabulous, location was out of this world, and I could sleep on those beds for the rest of my life! We arrived early Friday morning (way b4 check-in) and they already had a room ready for us. Dinner at Shula's may have been the best steak I've ever eaten, with service to boot!! Thanks, Sheraton, for a wonderful and memorable 40th B-day vacation.	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice Business Hotel	This hotel served a conventioneer and her husband very nicely for 4 nights, we'd surely consider it again. The location is great, on the river, near Navy Pier, the riverwalk, River North dining, Millennium Park. Reasonably close to mass transit. Hotel was in tip-top condition and we had great service. The main lobby bar was a nice space, though the prices were high. Hey, the loop is pricey. Everything we needed and more, so long as we had the means.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great location - very comfy beds	In the interest of full disclosure we stayed here on points so i have no idea if this place is worth what the going rate (incidentally we stayed here on points because every hotel in chicago was charging 300+ a night!)The service was bad but i believe the hotel had just hosted some army convention and was booked solid so every hotel guest was in the process of checking out and none of the rooms were ready - granted we were probably early for our reservation.I loved the beds! But they were really squishy and apparently they were not the sheraton sweet sleepers that people are used to.We got a room with a river view, not sure what this would be classified as. I liked it, the hotel was very convenient for walking.We stayed only one night so we didn't use any of the ammenities.	
Jul 12 2009 	Stay somewhere else.	After a long day walking up, down and around McCormick Place, my colleague and I looked forward to a luxurious night at a top rated hotel. Instead -Our room was frigid. It took 2 calls to guest services and over an hour to get someone up to check out the problem, which couldn't be fixed. So, In July in Chicago, she just turned off the AC.The drain in our bathroom sink was broken and stuck shut. After the experience with the air conditioner repair person, I rigged it open myself.In the morning I went to the Concierge to see what could be done. He pointed me to the desk clerk. The desk clerk turned out to be about as helpful as the engineer and the Concierge before her. Customer satisfaction is obviously not a priority at the Sheraton Chicago. Chicago has many fine hotels that value their customers. I'll stay somewhere else next time.	
Jul 12 2009 	Disappointing second stay	I have used this hotel once before for business trips to Chicago and had been very pleased so I gave it another shot. Second time was quite disappointing.Arrival experience was bad: nobody helping with luggage and reception area crowded with people. There was a long line at the desk, with just a couple of people handling check-in and those in no rush to get more staff or get the customers checked in, it seems. Eventually some more staff came to help but I had to wait over 20mins to check in which is simply unacceptable. Furthermore, when I asked for the comment card so I could complain I was told they had run out - how convenient. Having checked in, my room was then a major disappointment. It was very small compared with the room I had occupied on my previous visit - probably about half the size, was at the very end of a long corridor and felt rather dated in appearance. I emailed reception to complain and then went out. When I returned, there was a message offering me another room which I accepted without viewing because it couldn't really have been any worse than the room they gave me. Someone came to help me move my clothes because I had partly unpacked; the new room was almost identical to the first although marginally larger, with a new bed and on a Club floor. I guess at least they made an effort to address my complaint.One of the reasons I chose this hotel was it has a pool. There were virtually no other people in the pool area when I was there, it was really nice. Also, I had one of the best massages I've ever experienced here.I didn't use any of the restaurants, but the Club breakfast was quite good.So, mixed feelings, still in search of the perfect Chicago hotel I guess.	
Jul 9 2009 	Okay--Would NEVER pay full price for this hotel.	My husband and I stayed here on a recent trip to Chicago to see the Cubs play. The Pros: The location was excellent and there is a Boston Burgers restaurant in the back with tables on the river bank with really great hamburgers. The Cons: The beds were horrible, the hallways and rooms seemed outdated and a little grungy, and the service was fair at best. Overall, I was disappointed in this hotel. But since we got the room for $80 on Priceline, I guess we can't complain too much. If you want to stay at a Sheraton in Chicago, I would recommend the Four Points Sheraton where we stayed last year. It is a smaller hotel, much cleaner, more ammenities, much better service, and about a block from Michigan Avenue.	
Jul 8 2009 	great locationpleasant staffbeds from hell	We did not rent a car for our 5 day stay($48 per 24hr/Pkg) Hotel lobby and facilities clean and convenient. Real flowers in lobby(s),concierge helpful(even if way off on restaurant recommendations--these people should have a clue and CARE...had to use internet to get honest dining recommendations) Did see one cocktail glass sit on a window sill for 3 days(24th floor), and a creamer sit in front of an adjacent room for 2 days...had to call for toilet paper(no, I'm not a heavy user).Can we tempt you from the fridge?not with $4 kitkats and $5.95 H20.(vending machine by car valet).Internet free with room at cafe, pepsi $2.80 a can. Right on the river, views of lake, convenient. Overheard no fewer than 8 people complaining about the beds--they are strange,they are spring less, my back still hurts--so soft you need to work to roll over. Someone's head should be rolling for that purchase...many at our convention said they would not return based on the uncomfortable mattresses.	
Jul 8 2009 	CHOOSE ANOTHER HOTEL	We stayed at the hotel 6/27/2009 and were supposed to have two rrroms but the staff failed to have one of the rooms ready. After waiting until 6:30pm we were forced to cancel the room. We were not going to wait around all night. While UNSYMPATHETIC, the hotel manager indicated we would not be charged for the second room. UPON CHECK OUT THE CLERK CONFIRMED SAME. HOWEVER, CHECKING MY AMERICAN EXPRESS REVEALS WE WERE CHARGED FOR THE EXTRA ROOM AND TO DATE HAVE NOT SEEN A CREDIT. Calls for extra towels and room servive were handled by rude employees. THIS IS A COMMON THEME HERE. UNLESS YOU ARE TIPPING THE STAFF DONT EXPECT ANY SERVICE. WE TIP VERY WELL AND FOUND THE BELL AND WAIT STAFF PROVIDED TOP NOTCH SERVICE. WE WERE SUPPOSED TO HAVE A VIEW OF NAVY PIER AND CONFIRMED SAME AT CHECK IN. The rooms are cruise ship small. Beds were sagging to the middle. Pool smelled of Amonia. Dont bother with the fitness center. Outdoor restaurant was way understaffed we noticed people leaving after waiting to place their drink orders. not the servers fault. they were trying their best.	
Jul 6 2009 	It Depends...	The Location- The Sheraton is in a great location. Within walking distance to Grant Park, Millenium Park, Navy Pier, and Mag Mile. We only took a taxi once the entire time we were there which was to go to Sears Tower. However, we walked back to the hotel. Count on a $40-$50 cab ride to/from the airport and about 1/2 an hour depending on traffic.The Facility- The hotel is huge and is perfect for a conference or convention. It has several restaurants. We only tried the burger place. Kind of overpriced for what they serve but it is pretty being next to the river. The service kind of stunk too. The hotel has an indoor pool and gym but we weren't able to make it to either so I can not comment on the quality of those but I do know they are available.Also, the hotel has a &quot;Links Cafe&quot; that has complimentary internet service with a printer! We had to use this when we tried to book a trolley tour. It was very easy to use and quite helpful. Also serves yummy sandwhiches and coffee while you surf the net or take care of business issues. The Room- Our view was pretty (please see pic). The beds though were HORRIBLE. They were so soft. We literally sunk into them. The pillows were entirely too soft as well. It made three nights of sleeping pretty painful. It is because of the beds that I would not recommend this hotel. If you like soft beds, then you will like the hotel and I would feel more able to recommend it. The pillows underneath the pillow cases also looked very dingy. Kind of gross.The bathroom was spacious but no frills. The room had a flat screen tv with HD channels but no refridgerator which we would have liked for leftovers or cold drinks; especially because the Sheraton DOES NOT have vending machines! That is another complaint. We couldn't get a cold drink of water when we wanted to, that's bad.The Staff- The staff was so friendly. The room was cleaned when we wanted (they actually pay attention to the tag on the door!!) and the concierge was very helpful. Really, all the staff at the hotel should be commended. Very pleasant and helpful.Overall, like I said I can not recommend this hotel. I am sure there are better ones in Chicago for the same price and in a good location. Any questions, feel free to contact me.	
Jul 5 2009 	Within Walking Distance of Everything	This hotel is within walking distance to the Magnificent Mile, the museums, Grant Park and Navy Pier. We have stayed at this hotel a couple of times because of the convenience. We got an extremely good rate, and I'm not sure if that contributed to the cramped quarters and very lumpy bed that seemed to be almost broken. The bathroom lighting was not good at all, making it difficult to apply makeup. I was shocked when I got my parking bill to find out it was half as much as I had paid for the room itself. I guess it is up to the traveller to determine if the superb location is worth these downfalls. We may have just received a discounted rate room because I remember being quite satisfied in the past.	
Jul 1 2009 	Not worth the high price.	I have to say I was very disappointed with this hotel overall. The only saving grace was I was able to get a room for $89 on priceline and the location is good. I noticed the normal going rate was around $250 to $300 a night and this hotel is in no way shape or form good enough to charge that for a standard room. The hotel is older, and the rooms reflect that. The colors and floors are something from the 70's. The sink was broken, the shower curtain was torn and the bed wasn't all that comfy. Stay away from the Java bar and any other money sucking place inside the hotel. A glass of wine for $14....the same wine I have bought for $17 for the whole bottle at the store. I know there are markups but that seems a little extreme. Parking for $48 a day was absolutely ridiculous. The staff was ok but as others have said, the check in process was slow. Not enough people on hand to handle the counter when there is a rush of people. Find some where else to stay if you can, unless you can get a cheapo price like I did, but don't pay the going rate or you will be disappointed.	
Jun 30 2009 	Beds are way too soft!	Gorgeous views, central location, and nice amenities, but if you can't get a good night's sleep, what is the point? The squishy bed is so soft that we roll to the middle and our poor backs are in the shape of the letter &quot;U&quot;. We went to the front desk to fix our situation and learned that this marshmallow is one of the new mattresses, so there are no rooms with firmer beds. The facilities personnel who came to our room let us know that our complaint was very common and a quick scan of TripAdvisor and other sites very quickly confirmed that. We have 5 more nights here and we don't know if we can hack it. Beyond the awful bed, the service has been friendly. The standard rooms are definitely on the small end of the scale but the furnishings look new and the 32&quot; LCD TV is a nice touch. The hotel is conveniently situated between Michigan Ave., Navy Pier, Millennium Park, and the Museums, so its a great starting point for any of them. Until they fix the beds, I can't recommend this place to anyone.	
Jun 28 2009 	Choose another hotel	We choose this hotel due because it is close to Navy Pier and part of the Starwood program (we are gold members). We were to have to adjoinng rooms. We stay in Chicago 8+ times a year. Parking was easy and the bell staff was very helpful. Check in was a nightmare. Long lines and not enough staff. We were met with someone that would be better employed at the DMV. We had to wait until 5:30 to check in to one of the rooms and the other wasn't going to be available until... well they couldn't say. We finally gave up and packed everyone into the one room. We later found that they rented room. Were they over booked and decided to cram us in one room? You make the call. The bathroom was very small and without any counter. There was a small wobbley glass stand that stored a hair dryer, tissues, etc. We had to call three times before they would send extra towels. The carpet was worn and dirty. The bedspreads looked like they were 10 years old. The flat screen TV is nice. Call for room service was rude. However, the food arrived very quickly. We ordered the inexpensive water but they brought the $20 stuff. Oh well, the kids enjoyed it. We noticed people waiting for service at the outdoor cafe. We choose to eat at Volare a wonderful itilian restaurant within walking distance. The beds were old and sagging toward the middle which made for a restless sleep. The swimming pool smelled of amonia. A better choice would be the WESTIN. There ae two and both are wonderful. Otherwise, try the Drake, Swissotel or Marriott.	
Jun 26 2009 	Pretty nice but has limitations	Staff are friendly and our room was a good size (larger than other downtown Chicago hotels we've seen). Room seemed kind of old though and ready for a renovation. Hotel has nice selection of bars/restaurants. Our biggest complaint was that the hotel layout was convoluted and had few signs, making it difficult to figure out where to go. Be aware of this particularly if you self-park; the self-park garage is not labeled or obvious to access (note: like most downtown hotels, costs $35/day). The route from the garage to the hotel lobby is very long, windy, and not marked. Seemed like a simple thing to expect to be clear from a nicer hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	Nice river view	I thought this place was great. Of course, you expect a lot at this price, but I think there were things about this particular hotel that put it above others in its price point. First, its right on the river. Parts of the hotel overlook the water, and the lower level steps out onto the river walk. You can sit in the hotel and watch boats go by. Very nice. Also the main entrance is on this little elevated side street. So its easy to pull into if you're driving. And if you're walking, you don't step out right into traffic. As for the room, everything was clean and comfortable.Like lots of expensive hotels, they look for every opportunity to charge you. Don't touch the phone in your room -- they even charge for 1-800 calls. They also charge to use the fitness center. Internet costs an arm and a leg, but if you go all the way down to the B level, there is free wireless there. Also on B level there are drinking water dispensers in the hallway if you want to fill up your water bottle for free.	
Jun 25 2009 	Hotel with a right price sevice and local	Every year, my husband and I visit Chicago with group of friends for shopping, dining, night life and ball games. This was the first time we've stayed at this Sheraton (I typically prefer Westin or the W Hotel) as a recommendation from a travel agent and we were extremely pleased. The property is within walking distrance from Navy Pier, Michigan Ave and many other key attractions. Cab ride to Wrigley Field is approximtaely $10 - $15. Without traffic, the ride to Midway airport is apprxoimately 30 minutes. The room we stayed in was very spacious with nice view of Chicago's Navy Pier. Very comfortable! I've stayed at other known hotel chains in Chicago and found this property to be up to par with some of they key &quot;premium&quot; brand properties in service, decor and amenities without paying for the premium rate. I would also recommend this property for families with children, as I saw many families enjoying themselves in the lobby and resturants.When I travel back to Chicago for leisure, I would certainly stay at the Sheraton again!	
Jun 15 2009 	Decent big hotel alternative	I have stayed at this hotel many times over the last couple of years and have been pretty satisfied with my stays. My last stay also was without any big issues. As others have mentioned, this is a huge city hotel that really lives off the Chicago convention business. Rooms are decent and were upgraded a couple of years ago. I find that most rooms are still in pretty decent shape but the bathrooms (especially the fixtures) should be changed out. Sheraton recently upgraded their bathroom amenities to a Bliss product and I much prefer them to the old stuff they used to give you. Overall I have never had any major complaints about the property. Are there better ones out there? Sure but there are also worse ones. The location can't be beat!	
Jun 14 2009 	What you would expect from a big Sheraton Hotel	The Sheraton Chicago is a big, touristy place with a good location if you want to get to Michigan Avenue or the loop. The elevators are efficient, the rooms clean, and it appeared to have all the amenities you might expect from this type of hotel. I found the beds to be way too soft, but that may appeal to others. Our room was just what you might find in thousands of other places, although it did have a great view of the river and the high rise condos near Millenium Park. The room was quiet and dark when you pulled the drapes closed.We got a pretty good rate on Priceline at the last minute that was balanced by the unbelievable price for parking. It's Chicago, so that was no surprise.There was nothing particularly bad or good about our stay, just what you would expect.	
Jun 9 2009 	Good hotel for priceline price with great views of Chicago River	Got this hotel through priceline, and for the price we paid I have no complaints. It was definitely worth what we paid. Asked for 4 star, and while the hotel lobby, view and location are that, the rooms are really more 3 star--rather standard, just somewhat better than a Hampton Inn. Was clean, service good and as a Priceline customer, I was not treated at all as a second class citizen. If you win this on priceline, don't worry. It is a fine hotel! I don't think I would choose to pay $250-$300 per night for this particular hotel, as there are others with beter reviews in the same price range, however, it was more than adequate for our visit. We were well pleased.	
Jun 8 2009 	Disappointing overall impression and unreasonable high prices. A place to avoid if you have any other option	I stayed at Sheraton Chicago and Towers for almost one week for a convention, in early June. Cached prices everywhere, poor quality of the service and unfriendly/indifferent personnel, that’s all I can tell about. I asked for a smoker room, and it was confirmed when I’ve made the reservation, but on place I found that smokers rooms do not exist. Moreover, I found a note in my room bewaring that I will pay $200 if I smoke in the “smoker’s” room that I reserved (!?). Furthermore, the wired internet access is free on the hotel’s site when you reserve, but in the room you’ll have to pay $ 14 for this “free” wired internet (I stayed at Hyatt San Diego last year and the price for the wireless connection was only $10 !?). When you enter the room, you find two bottles of water on the table with a kind of advertising paper collar that warns you that if you drink that water you’ll have to pay $ 5.95 for each bottle (?!). The room is far away to appear clear as a glass and the bath is disappointing, with everything moving and falling when you touch. There are few white-grey towels, with an embarrassing smell of chemicals (chloramines?). The bed is never changed, as well as the soap and shampoo from the bathroom, unless you explicitly ask the housekeeper. There is an annoying noise in the room, somewhat like a continuous buzz combined with a clock that will rapidly put a stop to your night sleep in the first two or three days of stay and the breakfast is boring, with maximum 3-4 alternatives, each containing egg, bread, ham and potato so you haven’t any chance for low-calories diets. In brief the overall impression is disappointing, the prices are unreasonable high and my advice is to avoid this place if you have another solution.	
Jun 7 2009 	Nice hotel very soft beds	I was worried becuase of some of the previous reviews. The room was very clean, the location was great, our room was quiet, the staff was very friendly, the price was right, but I have to say the beds were way too soft for 2 people. We rolled together into the middle of the bed. Not very comfortable at all. Valet parking was $48/night but that is probably normal in Chicago???	
Jun 6 2009 	Outstanding	How could anyone possibly complain about a hotel like this? Excellent service, elegant lobby areas, very nice rooms. I could never understand people who complained about mattresses; they were all the same to me until I slept on this one - exceptionally comfortable. We were given a room overlooking the lake and Navy Pier, and complimentary appetizers. Less than a block from the hotel, you can buy a one-day bus pass for $29 to go all over the city. The Hotel is close to the Navy Pier, River Walk, and other stuff (It's located right on the river.) Who could ask for more? The only thing is that they didn't clean the room today, but that could have been because we had the do not disturb sign on the door the day before. I put in a request, so they may still do it.	
Jun 3 2009 	Most. Comfortable. Bed. Ever.	We booked this room in advance so we got a fantastic Saturday-night rate of $89 for the night, a steal considering the awesome location. My husband and I were staying in Chicago to celebrate our wedding anniversary, and of course with the Sheraton we knew exactly what to expect...but neither of us expected such a C-O-M-F-O-R-T-A-B-L-E bed! If you are someone who can only sleep on firm matteresses, you may want to look elsewhere, but I personally love a soft pillowtop mattress so I was in heaven. The only problem we had with the room was that the A/C in our room wasn't working. We let them know before checking out but since it was April we were able to get around this by just opening a window. Also the parking was nearly $50 per night, very steep in my opinion but certainly in line with comparable locations in Chicago. Overall we were pleased and would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 2 2009 	great hotel	great hotel and great service.we got a lake side view room.excellent view .overall great hotel	
May 20 2009 	Foul smelling broken down bed and smokey room on 18th floor	We stayed on the 18th floor. The double bed sagged in the middle and the other double bed had a foul odor. The room smelled like smoke. I left the next morning with 3 red bites on my leg. We will never stay there again. Disgusting is the only word for it.	
May 12 2009 	Tired needing a revamp dirty	Arrived at the Sheraton to be greeted by a lovely girl on check-in who gave me a supposedly upgraded room. Apart from being on a corner with a great view, I would hate to see the standard rooms. All i can say is that although the hotel had obviously had a bit of work done in recent years to upgrade the rooms (flat screen TV's, nice beds, lick of paint) they are FAR from the standard would expect from a fairly high-end chain. The bathrooms are dirty - not necessarily unclean in that the housekeeping are not doing their jobs but more that they need replaced. There were ground-in stains in the bath and on the floors, tile grout all cracked. My room was ok but the room my friends' had was much worse (dust all round the edge of the carpets etc). We ended up complaining and got given a free breakfast.I was also horrified that they charged for gym use. To me that should be complimentatry in any hotel. Also the bottles of water that are left on the desk are chargeable. Even though there is also a minibar. Usually with any other hotel chain like hilton they provide you complimentary water with teh room. All in all - if you are going to Chicago and want a nice hotel dont stay here, until they renovate it completely.	
May 10 2009 	Sports weekend	Booked cheap on a on &quot;line&quot; website so the &quot;price&quot; we paid was way cheaper then the rack rate. The location was a bit of walk to the main sites of the city. But that is the point of traveling to a new place. Close to Navy Pier and not to far from shopping. Pool was nice, but having to pay for gym is a bummer. Didn't eat there but there were plenty of place around to eat. Room was clean, beds comfy and seemed quiet. Washroom supplies replenished daily. ice available on every floor. t.v had plenty of choice aswell.	
May 5 2009 	Nice hotel in a great central location	Stayed here with 10 friends for a weekend. It is centrally located to much of downtown (though I wish it were on one of the train lines).The rooms were clean. The beds were soft (maybe too soft). The staff were all very pleasant. The bathroom in the lobby could use some work, but beyond that I could not find any real fault. This place runs like most upper end hotels...they charge you an arm and a leg for the room, and also nickel and dime you to death once you get there. Expect to pay for internet, breakfast, and using the gym.	
May 3 2009 	Big convention hotel good for being awake not so good for sleeping	This is a huge convention hotel, with all the pluses and minuses that brings.Pluses: The location is absolutely perfect, with North Michigan Avenue and the Loop each a block away. The guest rooms are of a reasonable size, with drop-dead views of the lake and the river. The hotel is modern and clean. The Club Lounge is very nicely designed and offers a standard Continental breakfast -- nothing special.Minuses: The beds are absolutely horrendous. Whatever the opposite of a Heavenly Bed is, that's what they've got here. The mattresses are so soft and mushy that when you lie down, you sink right in, with absolutely no support. (Apparently, the hotel installed these mattresses in the whole hotel just a few months ago thinking that softer is better, but according to the Guest Services representative, they've had so many complaints about the mattresses that the will be replacing the whole lot again soon.) Service is very impersonal, and there always seems to be a long line at the front desk. In-room internet is horrendously slow and not cheap.The gym has a really nice lap pool and sundeck, which are free, but the workout area is surprisingly small (and expensive) for a hotel of this size.The business center was staffed with nasty people. They misplaced my Fedex package for hours, and they were not at all apologetic about it (although the front desk clerk did apologize on their behalf).In brief: If you don't intend to do anything in the hotel besides sleep and need to be in this location, then this is a fine place to stay -- once the hotel has done something about the mattresses. Otherwise, there are much more elegant and personal hotels in the area for the same price.	
May 3 2009 	Best Beds in Chicago.	My friend and myself (both 21 year old females) went to chicago for a shopping trip. We booked through Hotwire.com and were a little nervous as to what hotel we were going to get, but excited because it was only $96 US. We got the Sheraton and I was a little excited because the Canadian ones have AMAZINGLY COMFORTABLE BEDS! And apparently they follow the same standards in the United States. After a long day of walking down Magnificent Mile (2 blocks away.. literally a 3 minute walk) and the Navy Pier (5-10 minute walk), we couldnt wait to get back to our hotel room.Everything was great about this hotel, it was super clean (I am VERY picky about the cleanliness of my rooms) and the complimentary upgrade upon checkin wasn't too shabby either. The pool is know as &quot;the health club&quot; we couldn't find the damn thing and then watching a hotel commercial I discovered it was on floor 7.My only complaint other than not finding the pool (without asking) was that the lady working concierge was foreign herself and made it a slight bit confusing finding the Cheese Cake Factory (A MUST EAT RESTAURANT)... She showed us on a map where it was but highlighted another cafe as well... maybe she thought we just wanted cheesecake? Anyway, while we were there we also viewed the Harry Potter exhibit.. a must go to for ANY fan. amazing. As for the aquarium... they closed half of their exhibits so the $20 admission fee is hardly worth it.... we easily snuck in the exit doors :)	
May 2 2009 	Don't Stay Here - Dirty and Beds Broken	I have one word, ***DIRTY***I have stayed in many hotels in many cities throughout the world, and this room was absolutely fifthly by comparison. I am normally not a person who writes reviews, but I'm hoping to save others from our misfortune. We stayed in this hotel because the of the good location, pool, and promise of a view room. In fairness, the view was nice, but that was about it. After our first night, I left a note (and generous tip), for housekeeping asking asking them to please do an extra good job vacuuming and dusting. I also mentioned that the room felt really dirty. When we returned to our room, I could tell the room had been &quot;cleaned&quot; as the beds were made, but not much else. Most of the dirt, dust, and crumbs, that were there in the morning, we still there. I went down the hall and asked a housekeeper if I could borrow her vacuum. She said &quot;are you the one with the note, I did the best I could&quot;. I spend the next 25 minutes vacuuming our room myself. By the way, I am not really a clean freak or anything like that, but the dust, dirt, and smelliness was really gross. Also, we were paying more that $300 per night for this room. In addition to the dirtiness, the bed was extremely uncomfortable. The bed sagged excessively in middle when my husband and I both lay on the bed. After five nights, we packed our bags to leave and my husband looked under the bed to make sure we didn't leave anything behind. Guess what he found? A broken bed friend. Overall, I was extremely disappointed in this hotel. By the impressive lobby and pictures of this hotel, I expected much better.	
May 1 2009 	Nice Overnight Stay	After a conference at the Convention Center near O'Hare we stayed over another day to visit downtown Chicago. The hotel was a perfect location for what we wanted to see. We got a decent price for a downtown hotel, but the parking fee was 1/3 the price for the room. It is within walking distance to Navy Pier, Magnificent Mile, Chicago Water Tower, and John Hancock Center for the Observatory overlooking the city. The bed is advertised as a feature, but it was so soft it was like sleeping between two soft walls encasing you. It featured HD TV and a nicely stocked refrigerator with drinks, cocktails, and snacks if you want to pay the high price. A bottle of water was $5.95. It is an upscale elegant hotel but with very little free amenities, valet parking, 3 nice restaurants, business center, and other services. Internet was for additional fee, limited outlets for recharging devices. It is alongside the Chicago River with a nice view, but our room was a city view which is okay but not great.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	I stayed here for about a week during a conference and the service was excellent. In addition to the excellent service the location was great. With quick access to Michigan Ave.. The bars and Shula's restaurant were excellent. You must have the rib-eye steak...very well done.	
Apr 21 2009 	Was an ok stay	The stay was ok but my only complaint was that the bed was filthy when we checked in. I noticed a couple hairs on the pillow cases and was a little concerned and upon pulling back the sheets to inspect further I found more hair than should ever come off a person from just sleeping in a bed. I am not sure if they didn't change the sheets or if something happened with the laundry load but it was gross. I called the front desk and told them about it and that I would be heading out for the afternoon and could they please change them. They said they would. I came back at about nine that night and no one had been to my room yet. I called back down and this time sent a manager up to inspect and she agreed that the condition was unacceptable. I told her I didn't want anything but some clean sheets.....although I did get a 25 dollar credit at the bar to use while I waited which was a nice gesture. My only other complaint was that in the end the bed was not all that comfortable. You sink so far down and have no support.	
Apr 21 2009 	Price High - Value Low	We came to a jewelry show in Chicago that was hosted at Navy Pier. The Sheraton on Navy Pier was close and we were supposed to be given a discounted rate because we were going to the show. First of all, I am a business person who travels a lot. I don't have time to surf the internet for the best deals and don't want to have my assistant waste her time. We expect the hotel to be honest up front, especially a chain like the Sheraton.We were supposed to have a great rate at $199. Once we checked in we found out our neighbors had gotten their room for $99! Same room. The room itself was not worth the money. The amenities were minimal and the design was okay. Nothing $200 worth.The biggest thing, however, is that I MUST have a gym at the hotel. Which they do. However, on checking out I get a bill for $20 each gym usage!! No where in the literature or posted in the gym was something about payment for the gym. I don't like feeling I was taken. I have never EVER paid for a gym and if I had to I would expect SOMEONE would tell me. I am very disappointed in the &quot;secret&quot; charges and behind the scenes pricing. I would never go back. The Hyatt directly across the street is nicer, cheaper, the gym is free, bigger and more equipment, and the rooms have better design and comfort and have affordable bottled water. I would never return to this hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	Perfect views perfect location CLEAN	We recently celebrated our 20th anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. Having looked at a gizillion places I chose this one because of its location to Navy Pier. (We were going on a dinner cruise-The Odyssey at Navy Pier)The hotel is a short walk...unless you are wearing heels:) to Navy Pier. We found out on the way home only a $5 cab ride:) worth $20 to your blisters!! Its also only a short walk to Michigan Ave shopping...for comfortable shoes perhaps?? I chose this hotel because of location, but the views are also terrific. This time we had a lake view of Navy Pier, but our previous trip we had a river and lake view. both very nice. The hotel is very nice. Several restaurants, although we haven't tried them. The burger place downstairs sure smelled good though:) We ended up at Bubba Gumps at Navy Pier. GOOD! The rooms were very spacious and CLEAN!! I am kind of a germaphobe! so clean is important for my sanity:) The bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk, and a cool water fountain. :) I obviously highly recommend this hotel:) I &lt;3 CHICAGO	
Apr 20 2009 	Could Not Have Been Better	I booked this via Priceline, and was not sure I'd like it, as some Sheratons have fallen off the cliff. This hotel absolutely surpassed my expectations. Despite booking with Priceline, I was treated like a king. They let me check in early, gave me a beautiful room, and even went so far as to look up my Starwood number so I could get some credit for the stay. The staff was unfailingly pleasant, the property immaculate, and the room very comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 8 2009 	Always Excellent	I have come to this hotel many times over the last 15 years and I have never been disappointed. My only wish would be for a main restaurant other than Shulas but there are countless restaurants nearby and two other choices in the hotel. The conference facilities are also excellent.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great Location Great Service Clean Room...Horrible Beds!!!	Me, my wife and two children (girls, ages 3 and 8) drove to Chicago for a 3-day weekend get away. I booked a room at the Sheraton because the promotion prices was great ($129/night - great for downtown) and the location was fantastic for all that we wanted to do. The valet parking price was average for downtown Chicago ($30/day) and we expected to pay that. We had a fantastic room on the 30th floor that overlooked Navy Pier. The room was clean and the service was great. Everyone at the hotel asked how they could help and were more than willng to make sure that the stay was comfortable. The staff was very familiar with the town and could easily navigate us to just about any place we wanted to go. We were really impressed. We could easily get to just about every Chicago attraction easily from this hotel. We even got to the Sears tower for less than $7.00 via a cab. Michigan Ave. was extremely close, Navy Pier was walkable and there were a ton of great retaurants around. In short, most everything was within walking distance.The only thing that we did have issues with were the beds. They had supposedly gotten &quot;new mattresses&quot; that were supposed to be &quot;dream beds&quot; or something like that. Man, I think that Satan himself made these mattresses. They were soft to a fault. It was like sinking into a half-filled waterbed. No support and they dipped into a shape of a &quot;U&quot; when laying down on them (felt more like a &quot;V&quot; to me). We did say something about them when checking out. We were told that some of the mattresses that were installed were found to be defective and they are replacing some. I would say that ours were defective as the sleep was limited and the back pain was incredible.Overall, the experience (minus the beds) was great. We all had a fantastic time in Chicago and will return. I recommend this hotel because of the location, the staff, the views and the cleanliness. I'm hoping that we just got the defective beds.	
Mar 21 2009 	Will not stay at another Sheraton	I was really disappointed in this hotel. The staff was friendly and the check-in was no problem. However, when I got to my room (18th floor), the smell of smoke smacked me in the face as soon as I opened the door. I normally don't complain, and thought about just sucking it up, but I knew I wouldn't be able to stay there the full week. So I called the desk and they moved me to the 26th floor. I later found out the hotel used to allow smoking, and the 18th floor was the former smoking floor. My new room was ok at first, until I realized how dirty it was. There was hair EVERYWHERE. All over the sink and tub, all over the ceiling of the bathroom, in the drawers. It was disgusting. There was also dust built up on the coffee maker. Also, the stopper to the tub did not work. Now, I was getting angry and tired, so I called to complain again. They sent someone up to clean the bathroom and someone to fix the tub. When they left, the bathroom was still rather dirty. I was too tired to keep up the fight, so I spent the rest of the week trying not to look around and the filthy room and I only knew the maid had been there because the bed was made. The same raisin rested on the floor in the corner of the room the entire time. It was gross and I couldn't wait to leave. The filthiness coupled with the astronomical over-charging ($12 for one use of the subpar fitness center, almost $50 for room service which was compreised of a salad, sandwich, and a diet soda) led me to the decision that I will not stay at another Sheraton. They have really gone downhill.	
Feb 26 2009 	Just ok	Great location but room service and cleanliness below average. Order pancakes and eggs for breakfast, the top pancake was fine but the cakes under were burned, and eggs way under cooked. We stayed 5 nights and other then our bed being made I could not tell that the room was ever cleaned.	
Feb 26 2009 	Down by the Frozen River....	Spent 4 nights here at the end of Jan / beginning Feb and have to say it ticked all the boxes. The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from Michican Avenue and pretty much as central as it comes. There are hotels closer to the action around Rush / Ohio but for the $5 taxi ride this place offers much better value. We arrived around 5pm and were given a top floor room facing the lake. Check in was no fuss and we were unloaded and back in the lobby in minutes.The rooms need updating in terms of decor ( a few lights wouldn't go a miss) but this didn't really bother me. Rooms came with good sized plasma TVs which is unusual still in a lot of US hotels. The beds are really comfy and the room spacious if not the bathroom.The hotel has 2 bars, both pretty cool for hotel bars and not overly expensive. One gripe I did have was that the burger bar was closed and yet is advertised widely but the food in the bar does the trick for a light snack.Conceirge was helpful and had little direction cards written out for popular locations. All in all we got what we paid for - at $100 a night or so you couldn't go wrong here. I would recommend it to anyone going there for a few nights.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location	We were in Chicago for the largest gymnastics meet in the world. This was the 2nd time staying at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers. We arrived at Midway and took the L. We did have to walk about 5 blocks to the hotel and it was 25 degrees. This hotel is in a great location. A block and a half to Michigan Ave and all the shopping. The room and bathroom were clean and in good condition. We had a great view from the 28th floor. Shula's is in the hotel along with several other places to get a bite to eat. We got breakfast every morning in the internet cafe 1 floor under the lobby. If I go back to Chicago, this is where I will be staying	
Feb 16 2009 	Great location but average hotel...	We stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for Valentine's Day weekend and booked directly through the hotel's website. The rate was about $100 less a night than any other hotel of the same category for that area (Magnificent Mile / river front). We arrived Friday evening - the lobby and bar/restaurants offered are very nice. There are 3 main restaurants - one is Shula's steak house, the other is a burger place and then there is a restaurant on the lower level that serves breakfast / lunch. There is also a Java Bar right off the lobby which serves coffee / cocktails. All in all the lobby is what you would expect from a 3-4 star hotel. Our room was on the 11th floor overlooking the river - again the location was great, however, the room was below average. Everything was dated (except for the 32' flat panel tv). The bed's were overly soft and the room was not as clean as you would expect - for example, in the bathroom the vent above the shower had dust build up, there was chips in the door and the shower had what appeared to be mildew building in the corners. The rest of the room was pretty plain - there was a very small work center in the corner and that was about it. The only reason I would book here again is the location - the rooms were definitely below average and not as clean as would be expected. There are a lot of other properties in the area and I would recommend something else if you can get a decent rate.	
Feb 9 2009 	great service and location bad room	I loved the service from the second you walk in. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The hotel is within walking distance to many great restaurants and attractions, and is a short cab ride to the Aquarium and Field Museum ($10 or so). The room views were fantastic. I loved the soft beds. The temperature was unseasonable warm, and it took all day to get the room temp down to a comfortable level, even with air on and window open.One thing that I didn't like was that two light bulbs were burned out, although a note left for the maid got it fixed the next day.The real sour point for me was as others have mentioned - the noise. We could hear people in the halls until pretty late. I put a towel under the door which seemed to help, but you shouldn't have to resort to that. One note - if you need to use the internet, you can go down a floor and get 30 minutes free. This was great for printing out boarding passes and such. If you go the the business center to use the computers, you will be charged.	
Jan 10 2009	good value great loction	Wife and myself were there for two nights 1/1 and 1/2 had a 99.00rate including valet parking got via a link @ travel ticker.Included a request for an upgrade to river/lake view in my bookingand received it. Location was ideal, walk taxi to everthing. Had a great time.	
Jan 6 2009 	Okay hotel but would probably try somewhere else.	My husband and I stayed here from 12/31-1/3 for vacation/Winter classic hockey game which was AWESOME! We booked our room through the hotel's website so we could guarantee our room type. We got to the hotel late and unfortunately since it was New Years, the hotel was PACKED! People were everywhere and we could barely park our car in the front to valet it. We wanted to find a parking garage but we were too tired. Valet is 42 dollars and I suggest you dont use it b/c it's crap. Basically when you pick your car up they dont just bring it to you already running and warmed up. You go below the hotel and all the cars are parked one behind the other turned off. You have to go figure out where to get your keys and then if you're parked behind someone that's not there yet or not ready to leave you pretty much have to just sit there and wait. Now we just happened to stumble on a self parking garage attached to the hotel that nobody wanted to tell us about. There is an elevator that takes you from this garage to the 2nd floor. It's 30 something to park there for 24 hrs. The good thing about it is you dont have to pay that flat rate like you do at the hotel. I would suggest taking advantage of this garage if you want to save money and time. Anyway, we go to check in and they tell us we were staying in a room with double beds after we specifically booked a king through them about 5 months in advance. They told us they were booked for the night and possibly could give us a king the next day. I thought this was wrong b/c our reservation did not say that there's a possiblity that we may not get our bed type like travel websites say. IF it had said this then i would have understood but we were tired and just wanted to have a nice vacation without having to change rooms. Basically she couldnt do anything but give us free breakfast coupons. Whoopee. Granted it was for the 25 dollar a head buffet but still we didnt plan on eating at the hotel but there was nothing we could do. Room was adequate. Just a plain old room. The mattresses on the bed are so soft that you actually sink into them. This may sound good for some people but if you need some support on your back and you're used to a more firm bed, you're going to have trouble with these mattresses. There wasn't any noise we could hear through the walls but outside the door from your bed you can hear EVERYTHING. All we heard every night we were there, not just New Years where you expect it to be loud, were doors SLAMMING and people yelling in the halls. I got woken up every single night by the doors slamming. It was awful. Our room we got switched to the next day, which was a king but no upgrade, apology or anything was a view of the &quot;lake&quot; Well we couldnt see the lake b/c all the buildings were covering it. Oh and we also didnt get moved until 6 pm. How caring and concerned they were. Well saturday morning we got woken up by a loud helicopter helping take construction up to the top of a buliding across the street. There is a bunch of construction there so it will be noisy in the mornings. The location of the hotel was convenient though. About a 5 minute drive to Navy pier, we were able to walk there in the 12 degree weather :) on New Years. Right across the street from a movie theatre and bowling alley. About 5 minutes from the museums. For the price it was the cheapest we could find for the location we were looking for. I would try and find something better next time. If we couldn't find a better hotel for around the same price i wouldn't be disgusted staying here again, i would just brace myself that little things could go wrong and it could just be an annoying stay.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great location - But........	I stayed here one night in December 2008. As I used to live in Chicago, I was attracted to the location and setting. We stayed in room 2605 which provided a wonderful view of the Chicago River and surrounding buildings. I would NOT stay here again due to the poor soundproofing of the room. Please look at my past reviews - I am very fair - but the lack of a soundproof door (and walls) is a huge shortcoming of this Sheraton - and quite unexpected. I expect cleanliness, hot showers and quiet rooms. I did not receive quiet - it was as if my room did not have a door or walls. It was as if I was sleeping in the hallway. As usual, I will note my thoughts in the &quot;good, ok, bad and ugly.&quot;The Good- Valet service. We were greeted very nice by doorman when driving up. The service was nice and immediate.- Check-in. The gentleman at check-in was really nice and placed us in a room with a view which I requested. He was efficient and polite.- Bed comfort. The bed was comfortable with a collection of pillows.- Room size. Room had plenty of space with a good sized desk for work.- Location. The hotel sits a block off of Michigan Avenue in the heart of the city. Being on the river adds to the ambiance. The OK- Bathroom. While clearly the bathroom had not been updated for some time, the shower was hot and the towels were fresh. The shower and tub were combined.The Bad- No light switches next to bed. Instead of having light switches located on the wall next to the bed, my wife had to reach for a lamp on the nightstand. Poor attention to details.The Ugly- Sound proofing of room. I don't know how to be more clear here - it was as if the room didn't have a door. I could hear practically everything that occurred in the hallway. Whether it was small talk of other guests or other room doors closing - IT WAS TERRIBLE waking up both my wife and I on multiple occasions. - Sound of neighboring room's bathrooms. Related to the above point, the sound of my neighbors showers and toilets were very loud. Almost laughable in a painful sort of way. I spend a lot of time in hotels and I cannot recall a time when I could hear more noise coming from outside of my room.	
Jan 5 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location.	This is nice hotel right in the middle of everything downtown Chicago has to offer. The hotel is large (around 1,000 rooms) and nicely updated. There are several bars and a lot of lobby space. The beds are very comfortable and the rooms clean and modernized. I have no complaints with the room I stayed in on new year's eve 2008 and new year's day 2009.The staff was very friendly and helpful and the location was perfect for us. The hotel is right on the Chicago river and a block from Michigan Ave. If you are wanting to experience downtown Chicago you will not need a car if staying at this location.I have no complaints with this hotel and recommend this hotel for casual travelers, romantic getaways, and business travelers.	
Jan 4 2009	Disappointed!	Beautiful hotel and great location - but way..too much money for New Year's Eve!! I felt taken advantage of by the mark up for one night! I was told that I would have a Play Station in my room, and then found out they had none! I was also told that I could upgrade to the club level and it was not possible when I signed in. I paid extra in advance to get in to my room early - I arrived at the same time as my other family (who did not pay for the early arrival) and they let us both in at the same time!! (12:30) A bottled water is $5.95and they don't offer any kind of continental breakfast. The valet service ruined my tire and rim... and the hotel was quick to say that they have no responsibility over the valet service. There is no hot tub by the pool... The best thing going here is the 'one shot' Starbucks cup of coffee! I would not stay here again.	
Jan 2 2009 	Customer treatment beyond compare!	Had not stayed at this hotel since 2003, and was pleasantly surprised during our stay. We brought a group for a small business outing, and everyone was super impressesd with their accommodations. Dealt with the sales and catering staff, who were nothing short of phenomenal. Beautiful rooms, outstanding customer service on site, great location - this Sheraton has got it all. The only thing I can muster that even vaguely resembles a complaint: I like a firm mattress, which is definitely NOT what they offer. However, for the room I had and the service I received, that's quite easy to overlook!When I got home, I found that I was missing a small bag with a few pieces of jewelry in it. Was nothing expensive, so I wasn't overly upset about it, but did contact the hotel to check. Within 2 hours of my inquiry, I got a call from hotel security, saying that they had my jewelry bag, and would be sending it to me at their expense! While they mentioned sending it 3-day, which was fine with me, the package actually arrived the very next day!I was absolutely blown away by the quality of customer service offered at this facility, and would recommend it to anyone - and I'd stay again in a heartbeat. Well done, Sheraton!	
Jan 1 2009 	2nd Anniversary	We decided to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary away from our relatives and decided to go into Chicago for the night. We stayed at the Sheraton and it was fabulous. We loved the location for what we had planned. Because of our special occasion and being starwood members we were upgraded to the 33rd floor with a lounge. We had an incredible view of Navy Pier. It was Sheraton consistent in service, despite the dirty dishes that layed in the hallway for over 24 hrs. One other note, the bed was ultra soft and almost to soft. If you like a firm mattress I would inquire at the desk. The room was great, the lounge was nice, the lobby is very spacious and great for sitting. We would recommend anyone to stay here.	
Dec 30 2008 	sheraton nice expensive	stayed here for christmas, lovely hotel, very comfy beds, great location, staff nice. mini bar packed and refilled everyday, although there was no price list so paid nearly 300$ for a few cans of coke and some biscuits and nibbles, 3 of us stayed in the room, but only 2 little milks, i left a note so got two extra next day and none theday after, had chicken tenders and a pizza on room service one night although 55$ they were delicios and well presented. the restaurant at the hotel had an awful menu, scallops and things i wouldnt eat.. wouldnt stay there again though..	
Dec 30 2008 	Old rooms and noisy	Worn-out rooms, not really helpful staff.P.S.: Don't book your Chicago tours through this Hotel!	
Dec 29 2008	Mattress Change Ruining a Good Hotel	I've stayed at the Sheraton Chicago many times while visiting on business. I was very pleased to have been able to book a room over the Holidays for an incredible price (less than $100/night). As a Platinum guest I was upgraded to a suite on the Club Lounge Floor. Unfortunately, it seems that this hotel is beginning to lose its way and seems to be getting dated and worn down.Of particular concern were the new mattresses in the rooms. I was told that new 'memory foam' mattresses were being placed as an 'upgrade' to the Sweet Sleeper beds. I've been very happy with the old Sweet Sleepers, so I have no idea why they'd want to go the 'memory foam' route, but I will never stay in a room with the new mattresses again -- terrible, even after Guest Services placed bed boards between the box spring and mattress. Each morning my wife and I woke up in 'the big valley' in the middle of the bed, barely able to get out as we had sunk in -- very poor support. We didn't get a good night's sleep over the 5 nights we stayed.The Valet Parking service is OK when dropping your car off, but when picking up there seems to be a problem about 50% of the time. I believe the Sheraton Chicago contracts out that service and it seems that they do not do a good enough job of ensuring good service -- better management of their supplier would help.	
Dec 15 2008 	This place gave me the blues	Whilst this place has a good location, it is utterly characterless. The decor and fittings in the rooms were in serious need of renovation and the walls paper thin.Normally when I travel to the US, great service is a given. However, it was severely lacking in this hotel. No record of my booking, credit card charged twice, room not ready when I turned up etc. etc. And no apology given. I'll be staying somewhere else next time.	
Dec 3 2008 	WIndy City	The sheraton was a wonderful hotel! When me and my mom flew in we were really tired so we decided to take a quick nap. We didnt want to get up! The beds are absolutely to die for. I wanted to take it home with me. The service was great and this was probably one of the biggest if not the biggest hotel ive ever stayed in. They had a really nice restaurant inside with excellent food.	
Nov 28 2008	Nice property in a good location	Just stayed at this property on Wednesday before Thanksgiving holiday. It is the first time as a Starwood Platinum here and since I was staying on a rate of $119 including parking I was going to be happy with just a room and the points!Check in was very quick as the SPG check in was staffed with a couple of people and not much of a line.We checked out the club lounge and it was nice but cant comment on the food offerings or breakfast as we missed both of those but it was a nice looking lounge but since I consider most lounge offerings in the US to be useless I rarely spend much time in them.We got upgraded to a suite, which was really a regular room connected to a large hospitality suite. We did not get much use of the additional space as we spent very little time in the room but I think the suite was large enough to actually have 3 entrances. Very nice upgrade really.Also, the check in person mentioned that I could get free internet in the lounge or the room as a club floor guest which is a nice perk.We did have some drinks in the Chibar which I do not remember being at the hotel during my last stay and it is a nice place but not really that large. They had karaoke that night and it was actually fun. the drink prices are a little high I think, even for a hotel bar. The service was very spotty though. Definitely better options for drinking nearby but had a good time none the less.Breakfast was to be had at Shulas and that place has no character at all. Once again pretty expensive for breakfast but about typical for a Chicago hotel breakfast.This is a nice hotel but not a lot of character but it is nice and in a pretty good location so I will definitely return.	
Nov 20 2008 	Sheraton Continues to be Average	When I use Priceline in Chicago these days, I keep ending up at the Hyatt Regency or the Sheraton. I was trying to save the company some money, but I think I'm just going to start sucking it up and paying.The Sheraton is a convention staple, so it's always packed. Rooms are OK, but again, it's teeming with people and so huge, so the rooms are kind of blah and they always want to stick you next to something loud (like an elevator shaft).There was a huge ink stain in one of the comforters, so had to call guest services. The fridge was louder than loud, again, guest services. Then, my key died after 24 hours. They were supposed to send a new key and didn't, had to wait in a line for 20 minutes downstairs to get one. Service isn't exactly their strong suit.Had to get a car this time and that was the worst. Not only was parking $42, but it took the valet forever and a day to fetch the car. Literally, it was half an hour. And it's not like you can just call down for it. Basically, I'm done with this hotel, so unless I have to stay here, I definitely won't. I'd recommend the same for others. There are way better places to stay in Chicago for the same price (if you're paying full price).	
Nov 15 2008 	Great Hotel for the Value	We selected our hotel from those available on Expedia with a view of the waterfront. We got an excellent rate for booking the trip that included air from San Antonio and the hotel together. We did upgrade the room to a deluxe waterview when booking.After booking online, I sent an email directly to the hotel telling them that we were traveling to Chicago for our anniversary and requested a room with a very nice view of the Navy Pier, if available. I also asked about the possibility of an early check-in and late check-out because of the times our planes arrived and departed O'hare. I provided our Signature Club frequent traveler information when making this request. The next day I received a response that was above and beyond my expectations. We were upgraded to a Sheraton Club floor (top three floors of the 34 story hotel -- which includes complimentary continental breakfast, snacks, soft drinks and bottled water, free use of computers and wi-fi) were granted early check-in (expected time of arrival was around noon) and a late check-out on the day of our departure. A reservation was made for us for the night of our anniversary at the hotel steakhouse, Shula's, with complimentary dessert.When we arrived around 11:45, we were told our room was not yet ready for our check-in and we were given a door key to the Sheraton Club Lounge where we could relax until we got the call that our room was ready. We checked our bags in and went up to the 33rd floor lounge. At 12:30, we had not received a call from the front desk and we went back down to check on the status. We were told they still were not done, so we went down to the hamburger restaurant (two floors below the lobby of the hotel) for lunch. After lunch -- still not ready. It was a disappointment that our early check-in did not happen until 2:30 -- just a half hour prior to regular check-in time. We would have begun enjoying Chicago a couple hours earlier if we had actually been able to get an early check-in. That was our only real disappointment.We were assinged a fabulous room -- 3304 -- same floor as the Sheraton Club lounge. We had a corner room with absolutely beautiful views of the Navy Pier and a nice view of the Chicago River. The room was clean and well-appointed, as the photos will show. It was not opulent, but very nice -- especially for the rate we paid. We had a king room, which had a small sitting area, nice bathroom with marble tile, terry robe (only one), a nice sized flat panel tv, and a comfortable bed (pillows were a bit soft, but I'm sure they would have gladly exchanged them if requested). There is turn-down service on the Sheraton Club floors, but after the first night of no such service, I found out that you have to request the service -- it is not automatically provided. The hotel knew we were there for an anniversary celebration and we were wished a happy anniversary each time we had any dealings with the front staff -- but there were no additional perks for the anniversary -- which is OK.The hotel in general is very nice -- the staff is pleasant and friendly. I honestly don't understand some of the negative reviews I've read on this site -- unless our room was far superior to the general rooms at this hotel.The location is great -- we were within a 10 minute walk to the Navy Pier, the Mag Mile pretty much started two blocks west of the hotel, bus stops were within a block of the hotel, the hop-on-hop-off shuttle tour was a half block from the front lobby. We toured the city by bus, foot, trolley, and taxi ($5 will get you anywhere in the downtown area on a taxi).We will try another hotel on our next trip, but only because we will be looking for something different, not because of anything negative with the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.	
Oct 24 2008 	Good hotel	I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago for a business conference. The hotel is enormous although it does look a little dated. The room was very large, enormous bed, sofa, television, trouser press, iron etc. Great views of Chicago, although almost anywhere you can be in Chicago has great views of Chicago. There is a small gym and swimming pool which is just about large enough to swim in.The bars are nice and sell some very nice microbrew beers. The location of the hotel is great. It is just north of the river and lots of Chicago and Navy pier etc are within easy walking distance.	
Oct 22 2008 	Incorrectly took money without notification and still 1 month later not refunded	Firtly they took $372 off my card, even though they also took the same amount off of one of my friends for staying an extra night. They had no business taking the money off of my card. So on the 28th Sep I contacted them and they admited to the mistake. It is not a month later and I have called them about 6 times in all and they have still not paid it back.Secondly I booked 8 rooms at buy 2 get 3rd room free direct with hotel. When I looked a week later, they had only booked 7 and refused to offer me the rate 3rd room free rate, so two of my friends didn't come to the trip away.Thirdly I asked if the initial money for all rooms could be taken ASAP as the dollar was weak against the pound. After about 8 phone calls over 5 months (each saying they would) they eventually took the money and the whole trip cost an additional £150. Overall, the hotel was nice and in a nice location, but I will never be staying there again due to all my problems.	
Oct 14 2008	Not worth the money	I recently stayed at the Sheraton for an onsite conference, and had problems from the getgo. I had problems with the check-in even though I had made arrangements beforehand to pay by company check and they have a credit card on file. The front desk clerks were kind of rude.The room was okay, not worth what I paid for. The sheets were kind of messed up and the room didn't feel very clean. They also charge for internet access, which is ridiculous. Most hotels provide free wi-fi.The conference food, which I assume is catered by the hotel, was not good at all. On the day of the check out, I had arranged for a late check-out, but in the morning before check-out time, someone else got assigned to my room and was attempting to get in! Then they locked me out of my room with my luggage still in there before my check out time. All in all, I would recommend staying somewhere else.	
Oct 14 2008 	Not worth the money	Booked the hotel through the &quot;Official Website&quot; for the 2008 Chicago marathon. Who knew that wasn't going to be a good idea? Turns out the two rooms we booked (at $350 EACH per night) weren't available because we didn't use the hotel website. We had confirmation letters from wherever the marathon website was from, so thankfully they squeezed us in, but our two rooms were on two different floors. Not a good situation with three little kids and three adults. They promised us a roll away bed in the room and it still hadn't been delivered by 9pm when we got in for the evening. Had to wait another 1/2 hour to get the kids to bed before it arrived. The hotel did very little to help us out (in terms of getting us at least on the same floor). They also required a 2 night minimum booking. The enormous charge did not include internet, and the restaurants attached to the hotel averaged about $20 per person for meals. We would have no problems paying this (and we have at places we consider &quot;worth it&quot;), except the hotel itself just isn't worth it. It's an old hotel fixed up cosmetically. It's loud in the hallways, the rooms are dark. Half the lights didn't work and the coffee pot only brewed half a cup of coffee. The pool was fine. Health club looked to be nice. The concierge counter was helpful. The lobby area is clean and well decorated, but the gift shop was closed for &quot;10 minutes&quot; every time we went down there so we never got anything from it. The hotel did, however, locate my lost cell phone so for that I'm greatful. Location wasn't too bad for all the marathon weekend activity.Overall, we will never spend another dime with the Sheraton hotel chain. This isn't the first time we've been less than impressed with Sheraton, but the first time we felt compelled to review about it.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Hotel 	I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago for a week in August for a business conference. The hotel is huge, very clean, and the staff went out of there way to help book tickets to the play Wicked. The burger restaurant downstairs was delicious and the hotel is situated right on the Chicago River. The hotel is close to nearly everything, which was very convenient. The facility was clean, new, and staff takes pride in keeping it that way. The only complaint I had was the wireless Internet costs $11.95 a day. I think for a hotel that actively recruits business conferences, and profits quite well from them, they could pony up a little money for free wireless Internet service, That was a huge downfall for me and other conference attendees who could get free wireless Internet at budget hotels like Shilo Inn and Best Western, but not at a luxury hotel like the Sheraton. There was no excuse for this.	
Sep 29 2008 	good hotel great views	I stayed here for a conference. The hotel was good - and I had amazing views of the Chicago River from my hotel room. The location was alright - a little off the beaten path, but lots of attractions within walking distance. The concierge was incredibly helpful. Would probably stay here again.	
Sep 28 2008	Conference facilities	I did not stay at this hotel, but attended a conference at the Sheraton for two days. The hotel lobby and meeting room areas are beautiful and very roomy. The conference facilities are vast but organized well with a lot of room for information areas. The food at the conference was great and the waiter at our lunch was probably the most attentive server I've ever seen at a conference luncheon.There were a few session rooms that were really small and remote. The hotel would do well to invest in some ceiling mounted A/V projectors so that screens could be raised - at times (in the smaller rooms) it was difficult to see the presentation with others' heads in the way.The location is the Sheraton's best asset. The promenade along the Chicago river was a great place to take a break from the conference. My husband ate at the Chicago Burger Company and said it was a great meal.	
Sep 26 2008 	Ok...	This hotel is OK. For the price, you should get much more. The lobby was nice, but the rooms were a bit dirty. My shower had mold in between the tiles and there was hair in the &quot;clean&quot; towels. When I stepped off the elevator, my floor (20) smelled like a wet dog. Food from room service was great, but took almost two hours to be delivered. I've stayed in nicer and cleaner hotels on Michigan Ave. that were cheaper or the same price. I wouldn't recommend this hotel.	
Sep 3 2008 	Labor day weekend in Chicago	The three of us stayed at the Sheraton over the Labor Day weekend as our first trip to Chicago. We chose the hotel due to its excellent location, close to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The lobby area has obviously undergone refurbishment and presents an excellent first impression. At reception we were asked if we wanted an upper floor room with a view, which we did. The room had views north to the Hancock Tower and east over the lake but not the pier which was blocked by another high-rise. The room was smallish but clean and with everything you need. It was cool without the air-con, despite the weather outside being quite hot. During the 3 nights we stayed we heard very little noise from other guests which made for a relaxing stay. Our only dissapointment was the rather small pool, which for a 1200 room hotel seemed inadequate. Its a nice hotel in a great location for downtown Chicago. A must is a visit to the nearby Fox and Obey delicatesen and restaurant which was fantastic!	
Sep 3 2008 	Great Hotel!!	Stayed here for the Labor Day weekend. Our experience from the time we walked in the door until we walked out was wonderful! We (two couples) arrived at 11:00 a.m. and even though the check in was 3:00 p.m. they gave us rooms right away which left us free to roam without having to worry about getting back at a certain time to check in. Rooms were very clean. A couple of nice lounges in the hotel and lots of nice (although pricey) restaurants within walking distance. I would recommend PJ Clarkes down the street to the north for lunch or dinner and Lizzie McNeills (down the stairs to the east of the hotel) for casual food and just hanging out right on the river...less expensive than the hotel bars too. There is also a Dick's Last Resort nearby and the Navy Pier with all of its boats and entertainment not far either. I would definately stay here again and/or recommend it to friends and acquaintances!	
Aug 31 2008 	Great Stay	I decided to stay at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers for the Labor Day Week-end, even though I had read several negative reviews. I chose the Sheraton over the Omni, Embassy Suites, and Hilton Suites hotels. My stay was wonderful. We received a warm greeting from Grant upon check in, and were made to feel as though we were the most important guests in the hotel. We stayed on the Club Floor in an Illinois Suite that was spacious and well appointed. There were two bathrooms, along with the fabulous Sheraton Sweet Sleeper bed. We had excellent housekeeping services (even though other guests comments were to the contrary). We often met the housekeeper in the hallway as we were leaving for the day. Gabby, the Front Desk Manager could not have been nicer. She is proficient in her role as manager, and made it her business to see that we had a wonderful stay. We had burgers at the Chicago Burger Company. DELICIOUS!! Even though this is a large hotel (1200+ rooms, it had a personal feel. I was anxious about staying at such a large property, but the attention to detail and service provided was on the same level at the Ritz Carlton Washington DC that I recently stayed at. Kudos to Gabby and her staff for their efforts. I don't want to forget the Concierge! If we wanted to know anything they had the answer. Always patient and very informative. The only down side was the Club lounge was being renovated, so we didn't get to see the beautiful views from the two story lounge, however the view from our suite was exceptional. This hotel gets a bad rap from some reviewers. Give them a chance. I believe you will be more than pleased with the outcome. They work hard to make your stay memorable. We were able to walk all over Chicago from the hotel. I will look back fondly on this stay. It was well worth the trip! Great room, great food, great staff, great stay. And affordable too. You can't go wrong with the Sheraton Hotel and Towers.	
Aug 28 2008 	Lovely hotel	My friend and I travelled to Chicago for a New Year experience away from London. Having scoured expedia for deals, the Sheraton Hotel and Towers seemed to come out trumps.On arrival we were pleasantly greeted with a classy lobby decorated to the nines with Christmas decorations, including a chocolate sculpture in the centre depicting toy soldiers. Already impressed, we were then helped at check-in by some lovely staff. We hadn't asked for any special requests when booking, so we thought we'd ask if we could get a room with a view and they upgraded our view with no quibbles.When we got to our room, and looked out the window, they had clearly given us a great view looking down the river meandering through the skyscrapers. The Chicago skyline is amazing!We had a slight problem with our in room safe, but one call to reception and a security man was up to the room to fix it in minutes. The rooms were cleaned everyday and fresh towels and toiletries were always replenished.The location of the hotel is pretty good too. It's located right on the Chicago River, under a five minute walk from Michigan Avenue and all it's shops. The hotel is slap bang in the middle of everything, I would say it is equidistant from all of Chicago's sights from Sears Tower to John Hancock, from Navy Pier to the Field Museum. Chicago is a big place so don't expect everything to be right on the hotel's doorstop, but the Sheraton has enough transport links making it very easily accessible.Only two small down points. Seeing as we didn't arrive until the 30th of December, we didn't have an awful lot of time to find out where would be a good place to go for new years celebrations. Asking the conceirge for reccommendations, they gave us an old Time Out magazine and let us figure it out for ourselves. And the other thing was the overpriced mini-bar, but I realise this is the same in all hotels, but just thought it was worth mentioning.All in all though, the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was a great hotel and I would definitely stay there again in the future and reccommend it to others!	
Aug 22 2008 	thought it was good	We stayed here for 2 nights in August. We really liked this hotel. We had stayed at Hotel Sax the two nights before and liked this one better. We thought the staff was really professional, nice and accomodating. there was a mix up with our reservation/price (it was our fault) and the staff went out of their way to work it out. The rooms were a really nice size with a good size bathroom. we paid a little extra to have the nice view and were glad we did. It has a great location and is very close to navy pier and such. easily walkable. it had good access to a lot of bars and the conceirage was very helpful getting us information. they gave us free passes to two bars/jazz clubs in the area. they were really nice and really listened to us about what kind of places we were wanting to go to.overall, i don't think i have any complaints. i would definately stay there again. i heard from a friend that stayed there before that the wireless internet wasn't that great at this location, but we didn't try it. Besides the hotel, cool things to do in Chicago: of course go to navy pier and stay for the fireworks. Take one of the boat tours. We took the sail boat one. Looking back, probably would have done the more traditional ones. The zoo is only so-so but good for kids. Look for the hot tix location to get discounted theatre tickets. The staff pretty much know what’s showing at every theatre in town. We saw ‘Alice’ at the looking glass theatre. It was fantastic and great for kids and adults. The green mill was a really cool jazz bar with a lot of history (I guess it was Al Capone’s old hub). Don’t go there if you want to drink and party though. They ask people not to speak while people are playing. Wrigley field was AWESOME. Andy’s Jazz Club was tons of fun and there’s other bars in its proximity (that was our one night of staying up too late and drinking too much). Overall, I would definitely go back to Chicago. I feel there’s a lot we didn’t get to do.	
Aug 22 2008 	Pretty good with a few quirks	This was a tough review. I wavered between a score of 3 and 4. Had I paid full price for this 4-star hotel, I would have expected more pizazz. But because I got a tremendous deal through Priceline, I was quite delighted with what we got. My wife, myself, and our friend staying with us noted these highlights: Helpful, friendly, and cheerful staff, including easy check-in, helpful bellman, cheerful coffee counter workers and other randomly-encountered workers. Excellent location, especially if you enjoy walking in the city (central to Michigan Ave, River walks, Navy Pier, and Loop). I suspect all rooms have views ranging from very good (ours from room 2836 was of skyline to the north), to stunning. Nice new large, hi-rez, flat TV. Nice Bliss bath products. The comfy, luxurious beds tempted us to linger. All other functional features were in good order (water pressure, heating/cooling, etc.) Coffeemaker in room w/Starbucks. Now for just a few little quirks: Surfaces in the room were a bit dusty (but not badly so). One floor lamp could not be turned off and had to be unplugged (we all tried). Bathroom had no fan or other ventilation. I believe they still charge $12 a day for fitness center, but we didn't have time to try. Parking is $42 for valet, $34 for self park. I paid $32 at lot 1 block north under AMC theaters; probably could have found cheaper, but we were tired. Bought 3 pastries and an OJ at coffee counter for just under $20. I wished we could have stayed longer and tried the pool. This hotel would make a great &quot;home base&quot; for exploring the city.	
Aug 21 2008 	Good hotel in a great city...	I recently returned from an overnight stay at the Sheraton Chicago. The property itself is very clean and in good shape. I had a king room that was on the North side of the building, and offered a great view. The room had a large LCD television, an average sized desk, and a decent bathroom. The internet is wired in the rooms, but I was able to sidestep the cost and grab an unsecured signal from somewhere in the hotel. You know, in this day and age, I still can't believe that hotels and airports charge for wi-fi. You get smacked with $6 bottled water in the rooms, so with a profit margin like that, why not allow for free internet?We wound up renting a car for the day, and had to pay nearly $50 to park. This seemed high, but I understand that parking is at a premium within the city. Breakfast at Shula's is very good, but pricey. The same goes for room service...Overall, a job well done by Sheraton.	
Aug 18 2008 	Good Experience but not Great	We booked the American Girl Package. Our cost for 2 nights for 2 double beds was over 550 dollars. Our room was supposed to be upgraded, but did not seem that terrific to me. The beds were comfortable, the room was small and outdated. The bathroom was in need of a remodel. The room was a really standard room. There is an expensive mini bar, took some things out, to put some of my things in, (then put their things back before we left.--nothing perishable) We did get valet parking included, and a fold out bed for the doll, which my daughter liked. She also got some cupcakes and milk. This hotel is in a great location, you can easily walk to Michigan ave and the all important American Girl store. There is a McDonalds in easy walking distance if you have kids. If I was able to get this hotel for 99 dollars a night, I would take it.but not for what we paid. Just too expensive for what you get. There are other hotels in the same area, would check them out first.My daughter did use the pool, the pool was nice, but the air temperature in the pool area was stifling hot, no air circulation, so unless you were in the pool it was uncomfortable.I am glad we got an opportunity to stay in this hotel. It was fun to stay in the city.	
Aug 18 2008	Excellent service all around	It is rare that I have an all around positive service experience, but this past weekend was great at the Chicago Sheraton Towers. The service was good at many different levels. We had a small hiccup with the online reservation so I emailed them. I received a prompt reply from the hotel and they fixed the problem immediately. Upon checking in, we had a hand written note from the hotel apologizing for the problem. Other small things happened as well: The porter offered to get us ice since there was no ice machine on our level. At check out, they offered to bring our car to the lobby in stead of the parking garage. A hotel worker got me a free cup of coffee at 6am since the lounge wasnt open until 6:30. We sat outside for a drink and a manager (not our server) came and cleaned up our table for us right as we sat down, telling us how much he loved Chicago in the summer. The staff was generally prompt, friendly, and attentive. And although this was not my issues, I was impressed. Some crazed lady was yelling at the valet guy in the garage because she waited 15 minutes for her car (it says this on the ticket) the guy didn't argue with her and wasnt mad even though this woman was totally out of line. He was polite and calm. I was extremely impressed not by one person but by the whole staff.	
Aug 18 2008 	Large hotel with excellant service	My wife and I stayed here for a quick anniversary getaway. While the hotel is HUGE the staff was very accomadating and remarkably curteous for a facility so large. The best way to describe the lobby is massive-and busy, but the conceirge was fast and did a wonderful job pointing us to fantastic restaurants. We have stayed in little boutique hotels well known for personal service but I would have to say that the staff and service at this hotel were on a par if not superior to them. The location is perfect for walking to the loop, navy pier or Michigan Avenue shopping. The best way to actually get around the area is to walk and everything was close enough to not make that a chore-we even walked to and from Union Station-which walking along the river on Wacker is pleasant and less hectic-though I have to admit that we travel with backpacks which makes walking easier than with suitcases. I would highly recommend the hotel for service and comfort-the room was clean and comfortable, with a down comforter on the bed which is a nice touch-we had a lake/river view room which was pleasant as well-and the rates were very very competitive, particularly considering how many people were in town for the big air show. I would agree with some that noted that prices in the restaurants were high and charging for the internet, but I understand that Sheraton is changing the latter policy and as for food and drink prices-well you are in Chicago not Milwaukee so that is something to be expected-and certainly no worse than you will find in NYC or London-you can always go to the liquor store-about 3 blocks away and BYO. For a large hotel in a busy major city this one ranks among the best I have been to.	
Aug 17 2008 	not worth the price	was here for a combo business meetings/pleasure trip. Location is great (close to Mag mile, Navy Pier, free trolleys and tour busses/boats.) But that's about all that's good with this place. We've stayed at other hotels in the same neighborhood, and would not choose this one ourselves (were assigned here by conference booking people.)Hotel is very pricey (we stayed an extra night so paid out of pocket.) Found the lobby to be extremely loud (had loud music playing at all times...why? This is a busy hotel in a busy area, there's plenty of just normal hustle &amp; bustle noise. Doesn't need additional noise.) And the entire hotel was freezing at all times. Although the room had individual controls, they apparently had no connection to reality. Your choice really was ice-cube or nothing. Changing the &quot;temperature&quot; control to warmer had no effect on the actual air temp coming out of the unit. It was ice cold or turned off. No fan-only setting. So you freeze or boil.Restaurants were being reno'd so the only thing available was relocated into the Shula's place. Can we say seriously overpriced? We went to the breakfast buffett every day (didn't have much choice due to scheduling, we had to eat there) First of all, they charged a slightly different price every day, even though we had the same thing every day??? Bill for 2 people varied between $46 &amp; change up to $48 and change. No difference on order, was always 2 adult buffets &amp; 2 coffees. No explanation for price differences. Second, the table cloths were dirty (white linen with lots of stains. Don't know how often they changed them but they were dirty at breakfast &amp; dirty at lunch the one day we ate lunch there.) The juice glasses were dirty...for $22-23 per person, could they at least polish the water spots off the glassware? The food at the breakfast buffet was good, but not worth the price. Service was o.k., just.Maid service was pitiful. The first day, we got no maid service at all...after being out all day, we got back to unmade beds &amp; no fresh towels...we called at 5:00 p.m. to request maid service, They said they'd get maid service up right away (we saw maid carts still out on our floor at the time, so it wasn't as if they'd all gone home already ). We asked that they at least bring towels (3 adults in room, we'd used the 3 towels that morning) We left for the evening, and when we returned at 9 p.m. still no maids, no towels. Called down &amp; asked for towels again since had to be out of the room early next a.m. for business meetings. We were told they'd be right up. Hour later, still no towels. Called again, and they finally showed up with towels at 10:30. Had maid service the following days, but they repeatedly left only 2 coffees/2 coffee cups on the coffee service (Each coffee packet made one serving, and the cups were paper Starbucks cups meant for single use) We had left a note telling them there were 3 adults in the room...and we were paying for 3 adults in the room) Finally on last day maid left 3 coffees...a little late!The bedding was comfortable, but showing wear (one of the bedspreads had iron burns in it!)After check out, it took the valet parking guys almost 30 minutes to bring our car! We watched car after car arrive for people who had just come down. Our bellman with our luggage bumped them 3 times in 15 minutes, then he went back upstairs. Husband asked them every couple of minutes where was our car. Finally showed up with it.	
Aug 16 2008 	Would definitely go back again.	We stayed here in Aug. and would definitely stay here again while in Chicago. Loved the location along the river and just a couple of blocks to Navy Pier or Michigan Ave. Room was nice and clean. Only drawback was lack of counter space in bathroom. Ate outside at their hamburger restaurant along the river. Food and portions were good and river view was nice. The hamburger Nacho apetizer was very good there and large basket of it. Pool temp. was warm and wonderful view from pool area. Friendly and helpful hotel staff.	
Aug 14 2008	4 Star???? Really?????	Stayed at the sheraton in Chicago for a &quot;girls trip away&quot;. Not impressed with the service at all. Had to carry our own bags. Many employees there without one offering to help us with our luggage. Costs $15 to hook to the internet. Can get WiFi at a Holiday Inn. Costs $20 to work out at the hotel gym. Both of which should be a courtesy if you are paying to stay at a 4 star hotel. Also, was charged for room service and something that was for $17.00 out of the room bar, both which I did not order or use. Look at your bill closely.Rooms and bathroom small. Beds were comfortable.Would not recommend to anyone.	
Aug 13 2008 	Loved my stay!	I was in downtown Chicago for 2 days on business &amp; booked this hotel through Hotwire. I got the room for $99/night, but from what I've seen, the rates are generally $225/night &amp; higher. I had never been to Chicago before &amp; chose to forgo a rental car...taking the Blue Line CTA train from O'Hare to the Clark/Lake station. I called &amp; got directions from the hotel staff. They were very helpful. I decided to walk to the hotel from the Clark/Lake station (about 7 blocks) b/c I wanted to see the city &amp; it really wasn't that bad of a walk (I was even carrying a suitcase on my back &amp; wheeling my laptop).My room was really nice (see pics). There were some signs of age, but it was well appointed. It had all the ameneties you'd want (except for a mini fridge...instead they put a mini bar), &amp; had a nice HD flat screen. The bed &amp; pillows were extremely comfortable...which was good b/c I currently have a disk problem in my lower neck. The view was amazing (see pics). The hotel was centrally located. There was a theater &amp; bowling alley &amp; shops across the street. The Navy Pier was a short walk/cab ride away &amp; I walked for about a mile around the city just to see the sights &amp; get some pizza.Since I did not have a car, I can't tell you how much parking was, but true to form, this is yet another upscale hotel that charges for internet access (even though their lower-scale competitors offer it for free)...w/tax it comes out to $13 per day. I didn't get a chance to check out the hotel amenities (pool/fitness), but I'd recommend this place to anyone.	
Aug 6 2008 	Very nice hotel	Great location on the river. Excellent staff, nice rooms.	
Aug 4 2008 	Very good exceeded expectations	Great hotel.I realize that the room rates vary widely and I can't comment on price /value considering my stay was not at my own expense.The Front Desk staff bent over backwards to accommodate requests, they were always friendly and smiling.The Concierge staff were among the best I've ever encountered. Lauren V. is probably the best in Chicago. Knowledgeable, patient, and wonderfully enthusiastic.Some of the guest rooms have the most stunning views.I'm from New York City so I really didn't care how small the guest room was, it had a beautiful view. The room really wasn't that small.Great location. Beautiful views. Very friendly and helpful staff. Lots of options within the hotel for food and beverage. I didn't make it to the Fitness Center but I heard rave reviews.	
Aug 3 2008 	Comfortable Enough	For a quick weekend getaway and a conference, I chose to stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Tower near the famous Navy Pier. After a quick 25-minute trip from O’Hare (Be warned: I have heard it can take over an hour to get to Downtown / Loop) I pulled up to the hotel to see many people for various other conferences. Arriving late at night, I was met by a bellhop and quickly taken up to my room on the 34th floor (another family member already checked-in). A quick elevator ride later, we arrived on the top level, one of the club levels, and found a decent room for a weekend trip. Upon entry to the room, a bathroom with shower/tub and a large sink/vanity area was on the left. Then there was a long hallway within the room going to the bedroom portion of the room. Scanning the room, there was a very large LG Plasma, closet, chair, desk, and king size bed. The room’s was trying to be very hip, like a newer W Hotel, with new paint, interesting headboards and furniture, but still lacked character. The room also was very dark at night, with only three lights. The bi-level Club Lounge had a lot of tables and seating areas, a computer and printer, TV, and three food presentations a day - kudos to the Club staff for dealing with any requests that I had. I used the fitness center, and it has a whole rotation of Cybex machines, weights, and numerous treadmills, ellipticals, and stair climbers. They offer massage service in the fitness center, but its door let right out to the workout room, so it didn’t look like it would be relaxing. An indoor pool with room for laps is also near the fitness center, however it wasn’t heated well. I did not eat in the hotel besides for the Club (finger foods, decent food), so I cannot give you an accurate picture of the restaurants, but there are four, including a Shula’s Steak House (very good). Overall, this is a very typical Sheraton; a nice, comfortable place to stay for the weekend, but there was nothing truly “special” about the service or the facilities. Happy travels!	
Jul 31 2008 	A gorgeous gem	This is a classy, gorgeous, upscale hotel for Chicago! The front desk service was so-so, but the ladies at the bar with coffee were FANTASTIC! Very clean, classy, and a beautiful getaway. The doormen are wonderful, the elevators are FAST and there are plenty. The rooms were clean and nice. The only problem is FOOD and DRINKS are REDICULOUSLY priced! Especially breakfast and Shula's. We just got several appetizers and the delicious soufle au chocolat. The burger restaurant has a FANTASTIC salmon burger---worth the price, actually. Near everything that's great to see downtown. It was sad to leave!	
Jul 29 2008 	Nice but alittle pricey	The hotel was at a great location... close to Michigan Ave and the Lake along with a nice view of the river.The hotel staff were extremely nice and always helpful and courtious. The restaraunt in the hotel was not that great for the menu prices and service was slow.The only thing that was a let down was the high extra charges for room service and delivery fees.I would STAY HERE AGAIN.	
Jul 29 2008 	Disappointing	As a frequent traveler for business and pleasure, I've stayed at a lot of the major chain hotels, but the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was really sort of a letdown. I'll focus on the positive first: The location is great, walking distance to Navy Pier and many other sights. We had a great view of the lake from our room, it was beautiful. And the beds were easily the best thing about the hotel. Phenomenally comfortable. The fact that you have to pay for wireless internet is disappointing, but the fact that you have to pay to use the fitness center is ludicrous! Sheraton should get into the airline business they way they nickel-and-dime their customers at this place. Our room was rarely actually cleaned during our stay, and on the days it was, it didn't happen until around 4pm or so. &quot;Cleaning&quot; consisted of rearranging the blankets on the bed and emptying some of the trash cans -- no vacuuming, cleaning of the bathroom, etc. In fact, when I first arrived in the room, the bathroom floor was covered in mysterious blue-green stains. They were diligent about cleaning the OUTSIDE of the hotel, however -- at one point, my mother walked out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel to find a window washer hanging outside our window. Most hotels warn you about stuff like that, but not the Sheraton Chicago. The final straw came on the last couple of nights when the guests next door to us were running up and down the halls, slamming doors, and shouting profanity. We called down to the front desk multiple times but nobody ever showed up or did anything about it. Chicago was beautiful, the people were great, but I can't imagine why anyone would stay here for the price, especially considering all the options in the area. Just poor standards, especially for a Sheraton.	
Jul 22 2008 	True Mid-West Friendliness	You know you're going to get high standards of service and good facilities when you make a reservation at a Sheraton, and this was definitely the case here in Chicago. I'd heard about the friendliness of the mid-West people and everyone I came in contact with in this hotel was cheerful, helpful and sincerely interested in making my stay in their hotel and their city as enjoyable as possible.Location is great - right on the river and within walking distance of lots of major attractions including the excellent shopping on N Michigan Ave (the Magnificent Mile). Great restaurant, atmospheric bar and even though the hotel was full at the time I stayed with lots of guests in evidence, there were always quiet public areas to sit and watch the world go by or plan the next sightseeing venture.The bedrooms were spacious and well-equipped, with marvellous views of the city. The executive lounge area was a welcome extra - worth the slightly higher room rate, in my opinion.Full marks to all the staff here - they were the icing on the fabulous Sheraton cake!	
Jul 21 2008 	Wonderful Downtown Location-Great for our visit to Navy Pier	Wonderful experience - absolutely wonderful. We got a good last minute deal on priceline for a weekend trip to Navy Pier and surrounding area with friends. The other couple we came with paid almost twice as much to stay at the Intercontinental a few blocks from us. Over the course of the weekend we walked back and forth between our respective hotels and I have to admit...we got a much better deal than the dump they had to stay in (and for about half the price)! Anyway we were given a small corner room with one king size bed and small sofa. It was more than enough for the two of us so we were very happy. The view was spectacular, a wonderful panoramic of the river, the pier, and the lake. Check in was expedient. The front desk was very professional and friendlly. After a rather long night at some of the downtown bars we returned to order late night/early morning room service. They did get my eggs wrong but when you are drunk and hungry you eat it anyway. I called down to let them know about the error (hoping they would send me the right eggs) instead they said to take it up with the front desk upon check out. I figured, ok, I'll mention it. When we checked out the clerk asked about our stay, I mentioned the room service order. She said no problem and removed it from the bill. I liked that I didn't have to complain or be obnoxious. I felt the hotel did right by me and was very pleased. So pleased we decided to stay after check out and have lunch/brunch at their restaurant. I felt I owed them more of my business as they took such good care of us. Overall, I definitely recommend the Sheraton for a Chicago getaway. The beds were comfortable, clean bathrooms, well appointed lobby and hallways. The location is superb and there is plenty to do within walking distance.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great Stay!	I was a guest at this hotel for a recent conference. The hotel is in a very convenient location in downtown Chicago. The hotel interior design is a bit older, but very nicely appointed. My room was very clean, and the bed was soooo comfortable. The only thing I didn't like is having to pay for wireless internet. Geez, at $249 a night you'd think wireless would be an amenity.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Late one evening, I found the gift shop had closed and a member of the bell staff offered to go to the all night drug store for me. I wish I could remember his name. All in all a great experience! Keep it up!!!	
Jul 13 2008 	WILL NOT STAY AGAIN!!	My husband, my daughter and I stayed here for the weekend. I am a Travel Agent and have been for 15 years..I have stayed in many hotels and this one is not worth the money!!!! The location is ok.,close to Navy Pier and to Michigan Ave. It sits right on the Chicago river if that's important to anyone! The lobby is nice and inviting but the Java bar and Chi Bar are always packed because this hotel caters to large groups and conventions. Our problem was that we paid $239.00 per night WAY TOO MUCH! The room was very average with the bathroom needing to be updated. Our toilet was loose so anytime someone sat down it rocked back and forth. Maid service was lacking..it looked as if they just straighten up a bit with NO CLEANING! Our MAJOR PROBLEM was that we parked our car in the valet parking ($42.00 per day). When we were leaving we stopped at the gas station my husband noticed two large dents one in the left quarter panel and another in the front left side and scratches on the left side bumper. When they brought the car down he was driving fast pulled around to where we were standing and turned off the ignition and took out the key and held it ..I guess he wouldn't give it back until he got his tip...TACKY!!!!! When we got in we noticed that everything in the car was strewn about like they drove the car 90 miles an hour turning corners. I immediately called the hotel to report the damage..and after they took the statement I have to call the claims department to see if they will pay. Will not stay again there are far better hotels in better locations for the same price or better.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great Location-Good Hotel;.	This is a very nice hotel. Generous proportions, every bit a Sheraton! Absolutely fabulous views and design-this hotel is a short walk away from the Navy Pier and has a great promenade along the CHicago River. Fabulous meeting rooms and an exceptional level of staff attention. THe restaurants are great and service impeccable. The Hotel is peaceful and clean as a whistle and the elevators quiet and super fast. All in all a well maintained hotel. A big negative are the rooms that smell like they have been heavily smoked in- we reserved 3 rooms and 2 were unbearable, but the staff changed our rooms to other cleaner air rooms. Also the Gym has a charge to use for guests which should not be the case. And the hotel lacks safes that can accomodate laptops. Today's business traveler has far more to lose when data is lost or stolen than credit cards which can be canceled when lost. All in all, a great hotel to stay in for business, shopping or pleasure. Heard they were changing the older 27 inch TVs to LCD ones floor by floor, so folks, if you need a great experience book this hotel. Good Job, Sheraton!	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Location - right on Chicago River	Great location - right on the Chicago River - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size, very clean and with a nice river view - Overall, a great staff - in particular I would like to point out Christy Morgan - Chief Experience Officer and Paula Fortney - Concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - (in the interests of full disclosure, we stayed here on our AMEX - Starwood points)	
Jun 22 2008 	Helpful Service	This is a good hotel in a good location with a good location and a good, knowledgeable staff. What was most impressive, though, was the thoughtfulness of thestaff who saw to it that we had adjoining rooms (we were travelling with two seniors). We had asked for rooms close to each other, but this was much better. We also asked for a later check out, given the seniors needed a bit more time to get organized for the journey home and that was cheerfully accommodated.	
Jun 21 2008 	Average Hotel With Service Issues!	Booked this hotel for one night stay during the long weekend. The hotel exterior and interior are decent. Check in is not very smooth because they can not make a double bedded room availble at 3pm. Which is OK(but hard to believe with a hotel at this size) However, the issues started after I checked into my room.1. The housekeeper came in my room without knocking!!!! They just insert the keycard right then open like that!!2. When I asked for a bottle of water, the lady in the club lounge asked for my room # and she actually added $5 tip for herself without my consent. What kinda service is that? 3. The housekeeper came into my room AGAIN on the 2nd morning without apology! (don't you see the DND sign outside?) Luckily I had deadbolt on so she could only open the door half way but she didn't aplogize for it (I actually heard she was complaining about her job).I reported to the customer service upon checkout and I hope this will be improved in the future. They definitely need to hire a better staff who doesn't hate their job or do things without the guest consent.On the positive side, the hotel's location is decent (some rooms you can see navy pier, which is awesome). The gym and swimming pools are great and its within walking distance to navy pier, movie theaters..etc. However, if you are travelling without a car, this location can be a bit inconvinent since only few bus that actually stops infront of the hotel and its quite a walk from the nearest metro station.For the Chicago Starwood properties, I would definitely recommend OTHER hotels like Westin or Four Points, they are much better in terms of service and respecting customer like how it suppose to be!	
Jun 21 2008 	Fantastic stay at the Sheraton Chicago	Fantastic!!! We arrived at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel &amp; Towers late in the evening after a long trip from Sydney, Australia. The hotel itself is top notch and the room was excellent. Clean, modern furnishings, nice bathroom, extremely comfortable, it was great value for the money paid. After a long trip we were starving so we ordered room service and I MUST say the Club Sandwich was delicious!!! The location could not be better. I would definitely recommend a stay at this hotel when visiting Chicago.	
Jun 15 2008 	Location! Location! Location!	This was a great place to be! Great views of river and lake, walk to everything, a clean and comfortable room, and very accommodating staff. We arrived early and were checked in by 10:30 am and checked out late , effectively adding two days to our vacation. It is a large hotel but the staff works hard and takes good care of the customers.	
Jun 9 2008 	We LOVE this Sheraton	Being Starwood Owners, we LOVE this Sheraton! We are close by, within an hour, but love to come into the city as often as our schedule permits. We feel this hotel is fantastic for us and or two girls, age 8 and 12. The location is close enough to Michgan Ave. to walk in nice weather and also close to Navy Pier, Museums, State St. shopping and theaters.Our latest visit was by far our best! We celebrated our 8 year olds birthday, with the Sheraton American Girl Place Package. You will not be disappointed! They provide a darling little pink bed for you to keep, includes valet parking for up to 24 hours (we were able to extend that, they did so with a smile!) and an incredible cupcake/dessert tray and milk, delivered to the room.They upgraded us to a Junior Suite (Thank you!) on the 23rd floor which had an incredible view of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. Helps that we had 80 degree weather and sunshine! Again, because we are Starwood owners, they upgraded us to Club Lounge level. If you have never been to one of the Starwood Club Lounges, this Sheraton rates as one of our favorites, and we have been to quite a few of them. It is a 2-story Club Lounge, fantastic refreshments open 24 hours, wonderful appetizers served nightly as well as the best continental breakfast around. Perfect for us and the kids...Getting back to the Junior Suite...huge! Full dining room table, couch (which pulls out) with separate seating area and TV, desk, King sized bed, large foyer and large bathroom. The best yet....6 huge windows, spanning the room with an incredible view of the city.Eating with kids....we had a lunch booked @ American Girl for Sat. but for Friday night, we love heading down the The Chicago Burger Co., right on the river. Not sure why, but the menu doesn't show kids meal, but they have it. It is their regular Angus Beef Burger split in half, with fries and a pop for about $6.00, great deal for the city. Most of the time we head out for bigger dinners, but being this was a kids weekend, we stayed close by.Staff is always friendly, very accomodating...love the bellhops, they really go out of their way for us~Pool is great, open til 10:00, must sign in and out. Beautiful balcony outside the indoor pool, great little place to sun yourself.We'll be back again in August before school starts, just love it there!	
Jun 7 2008 	Average hotel with nice views	I stayed here because I was attending a conference at this hotel. The hotel is very large and seems to cater to conventions and groups. The hotel and rooms are just average, but comfortable enough. I think you can get better deals in Chicago - same rate for better hotel in better location or cheaper rate for comparable hotel. Because of the location and the layout, the hotel has gorgeous views, either of the river and the city or the lake. The hotel is very close to Lake Michigan and Navy Pier and right on the Chicago River. There are restaurants and a movie theater within a couple blocks. There is a gourmet market a couple blocks away called Fox and Obel. You can go there and buy food to take with you, or they have a cafe to eat in, serving breakfast, lunch and dinner. To get to the other side of Michigan Avenue or River North, where most of the restaurants, nightlife and shopping are, you have to walk under the Michigan Avenue bridge. I would not advise doing this at night. Even during the day, there are some unsavory characters. Instead, you can walk up across Michigan Avenue and go back down on the other side.	
Jun 6 2008 	Amazing service	We stayed here on honeymoon for a couple of days.The front desk staff were really friendly they couldn't do enough for us.We were sent a bottle of champagne &amp; chocolates by the front desk, it was a lovely touchThe indoor pool looks out to Lake Michigan its fabuous.The rooms are clean &amp; spacious.The room service menu has a great variety of different dishes.A great hotel, located near most of the sights.I would definitly receomend	
Jun 6 2008 	A conventioners' hotel	The Good: this hotel seems to be used to dealing with large crowds, and check-in lines and cab lines moved smoothly; my favorite part was the in-room coffee maker that brewed Starbucks coffee in your very own travel cup. Brilliant. And, there was no charge for it. Also, I heard from my business colleagues that room service arrived on time and was edible.The Bad: One would think, that for an average of $300/night, one could get nicer amenities or even just some cotton balls or q-tips. The electrical situation is poor: Charging my cell phone, using the iron, and charging my ipod involved a complex choreography of finding enough outlets to do two of those tasks (as long as you unplugged the hairdryer). Beds aren't the greatest. TV doesn't get CNN. And, as others have pointed out, they charge you for darn near everything.The ugly: My room was so much better than the one I stayed in in 2003. But, I learned from some of my colleagues that those rooms still exists. It seems like the nicer rooms are the ones in the tower that also have two beds. King beds on lower floors spell trouble, according to my unscientific poll. These rooms are small and the bathrooms seem 20+ years old.This property needs to decide what it is going to be. I don't see how it can compete with the more luxury brands in the area who are more hip, have the Heavenly beds, or have rooms set up for the business traveler, or the lower-level brands that tend to give free breakfast and Internet service. On the other hand, it may be perfect for weekend visitors and families who just want a standard room in a decent location. Those travelers, though, should be sure they aren't paying inflated convention rates.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great for business	Stayed for business with a friend, had a great room, very comfortable bed. It was very convenient to walk everywhere from there, including being less than a 10 min walk to Navy Pier and minutes from the Mag Mile. Love the Bliss products for the shower/bath, and the magazines/newspapers. Eat at the Chicago Burger Co, the best Turkey Burger, I ever had in my life and I have had it cities across the world and this is coming from a normal burger eater. (wanted to minimize red meat to save for the wonderful steak houses, chop houses in chicago).	
May 29 2008 	Wonderful!	This is a great hotel! The views are fabulous, the service it friendly and the location is superb. We booked a room on an upper floor and had access to the lounge where breakfast and snacks were available with picture perfect views of the Chicago River. The only negative is that the ceilings in the hall and room are low and can make you feel a little cramped. We booked our room for $89 a night for Memorial Day weekend. It was a steal! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning!	
May 23 2008 	OK except for the bites	I was in Chicago for a convention and stayed at the Sheraton towers. I had a negative experience because I got about one dozen very painful bites by bed bugs on my torso. It made attending the conference uncomfortable. The staff changed the sheets but could not move me to another room, as the conference had booked the whole hotel. After the sheets were changed, I got no more bites, thankfully. Despite this, I managed to enjoy the stay. I liked the location next to the river, and the fact that it was easy to walk to Magnificent Mile.	
May 19 2008	Great location needs a remodel	We stayed here for 3 nights last week. The hotel is very dreary and in need of a remodel, but they were filled with conventions, so I guess they don't need to. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were quiet. Our shower button on the nozzle kept getting stuck in the shower position, but our room was on the 19th floor with a view of Navy Pier and the Lake. I was surprised because we had gotten the room on priceline. The nearby parking is not much cheaper than the hotel, which charges $34/night. It's a fantastic location and on the way to the Pier is a liquor store and a fabulous gourmet grocery store called Fox and Obel, where we got most of our meals. They have a cafe area where you can eat from their menu, or eat items from the store.	
May 9 2008 	Great hotel - great value	We had a fabulous stay at this hotel, which we booked on lastminute.com for a great rate. We just wanted a base from which we could explore Chicago and what the city had to offer. We found the staff friendly and helpful, especially the concierge who ensured we had a jam-packed schedule for each day. The location was perfect and the bedroom was comfortable and contained everything we needed for our 3 night stay. The pool, although small, was nice. Everything was clean and i would highly recommend this hotel. If I return to Chicago I would be happy to stay here again.	
May 4 2008 	this hotel is old dusty and overrated but typically American	I visited this place for business, so a had to stay for a full week to attend a conference. The rooms are small, the breakfast was amazingly expensive and so was the internet access in my room.I also had to pay for the gym in the hotel.They charged 6 US dolars for one bottle of drinking water and the coffee maker was placed in ...the bathroom..in Europe that's not even allowed.The only positive item of this hotel were the doormen.	
Apr 28 2008 	Great American Girl Package	Took the kids and did the American Girl package.... a great deal, cupcakes, a bed for the doll, and free parking ($40). The hotel is convenient to all downtown attractions. The pool is nice, small but nice. The room was nice and comfortable. A great time had by all.	
Apr 4 2008 	Disappointed by Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers	We booked a night at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers through PRICELINE and got a decent rate. Our room was on an upper floor overlooking the river which was quite nice. Overall the room looked a bit dated. The bed was lumpy, and the carpeting and window treatments looked like they needed replacement. We also go the feeling that Sheraton was attempting to get every last nickle from us - from the $4 pop to the $20 muffins. Probably OK for a business traveller...but not for a weekend getaway.	
Mar 26 2008 	Fabulous rate for a prime Sheraton location	For $139, any Sheraton is a good value, but for this downtown location (right on the water and 2 blocks from Michigan Ave), and on a weeknight, that value rises immensely. Lobby is very up to date, and check-in staff was exceptionally helpful. Sweet sleeper bed was comfortable as always, and everything in the room was in proper working condition. Only downside (and really minor) was the lack of an in-room room service order form for breakfast the following morning. If I could get this rate more often from Starwood, they would become my preferred program for personal as well as business travel!	
Mar 16 2008	Wouldn't go back	They charge you for EVERYTING. Internet access in the room ($12), business center (60c per min for internet), gym ($12/day, which still doesn't have enough equipment). Room service is poor. The rooms are in need of updating, especially the bathrooms. I have stayed in motel 8's with better ammenities.	
Mar 15 2008 	Good except very slow Internet connection	The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is in a great location with nice rooms and a comfortable bed. My only qualm is the Internet connection. You pay $13 a day for Ethernet connection, which is hopelessly slow.	
Mar 9 2008 	straightsmouth	My husband, teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last August. We were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of Chicago. When I complained I asked for us to be transferred to the Sheraton which they arranged for us.I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best. The room (although I know it was not the largest) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed. It also had superb views of the river and the lake.The entrance hall to the Sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre. In fact all areas are fantastic.The best thing about the hotel though was the staff! From the bellboy, to the receptionists, the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful. One of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son! Above and beyond the call I would say!I cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough. The breakfast buffet cost about 10 dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did!! It lasted us all day.If you have the choice of where to stay I think you will enjoy the Sheraton! We did!!	
Feb 21 2008 	Would Stay Here Again	It has been 8 years since I last stayed at this hotel, and was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews. Check-in was good, as was check- out. We never had trouble getting more towels when we needed them, and our room was always clean when we got back from shopping. This hotel is great for walking to everything. We only had to get a cab one time to the United Center ( Spice Girls Concert ). The only problem I have with this hotel is the main greeter at the front entrance. I wish I had gotten his name. Upon arriving, he asked me if I was checking in and if I wanted to self or valet park. I asked him how much both were and he told me valet was $43 a day and self $37. This was a LIE! Valet is $42 a day and self is $ 29 . He lied to us just to get us to valet park! Upon leaving, we thought you picked your car up at the front, and he ( the same guy who lied about parking ) rolled his at eyes at us and RUDELY said to go to the P1 in the other elevators. ?? We had no idea where to get the car, but we finally figured it out no thanks to bellhop/greeter/valetparker guy!	
Feb 20 2008 	Great Location!	My husband and I stayed at this property for a few days for a family event...this was actually my fourth time at this property so I had pretty high expectations since I'd been there many times and enjoyed it.Check in: Extremely long...we arrived during mid-afternoon and we were not expecting such long lines (about 35 minutes) even in the preffered line which I was. The gentleman at the checkin was extremely nice and helpful though...big bonus.Room: Spacious and the room was clean. We asked for 1 King bed but received two Queens, not a big deal but not what we expected. Also, the sheets and towels are advertised as being spectacular....I'd say average and no big deal (I have better on my bed at home and I bought them on sale at a high end retailer). The view was spectacular of the river and we really enjoyed that.Towels were pleantiful. Tub and shower area had mildew....yuch!Eating establishments: We visited the dining room in the AM but it was PACKED! We then went to the coffee bar and they were really understaffed with only one person. The manager then came to help but even then it was not adequate. For a coffe and croissant, it took us 30 minutes just to order but we were starving and it was raining out so we did not feel like running out.We visited Shula's steakhouse (in the Sheraton Lobby) on the first night...can I just say how FABULOUS it was!!! We had the greatest dinner and loved the service. My husband and I are not big on chain restaurants so this was a big bonus.Service: Great, with exception of the coffe bar.Pool/Workout Room: The pool is a big joke. It's really just the size of two king beds put together and swarming with children. Really not worth your time.Good workout equipment but deceided not to take advantage after the depressing pool experience.Good experience for a place to leave your stuff.	
Feb 11 2008 	Nice comfortable location is great good stay	Arrival was very smooth and classic upscale introduction.Lobby, hotel area, hotel bar etc was very nice. A great view of the river from the lobby.Room was your standard 4 star chain, overlooking the Navy Pier. Clean room, and room, walls, paint showed minimal wear.Entrance to room was with standard key card, which worked average. Tv was 25 inch, and had about 25 channels. Standard desk with leather chair.Bellhop was extremely helpful and resourceful.Overall a nice stay. The rate was $129 as I was with a conference going on. Be sure to check the specials page on the hotel directly, they offer lower rates based upon the day of week and season.	
Feb 5 2008 	Wish I could give it 3.5 stars	My family and I scored a great rate of $90 a night for the Sheraton for a quick weekend trip to Chicago. The hotel is in a good location and even though it was February, we were still able to walk to Michigan Ave. fairly easily from the hotel. Check-in was quick and easy. The lobby is beautiful and definitely makes the hotel look like a 4-star but that's about where the stars start to fade. The elevators are clean and quick. Our rooms were on the 10th floor. There were newspapers and food trays strewn about the hallway as we arrived and they were not removed until the following day. The rooms were reasonably clean with the exception of a piece of candy on our floor, a large iron burn mark on the middle of the bedspread and some mold on the shower head. These are things that are easy to overlook in a 2 or 3 star hotel but I think it is unacceptable in a 4-star hotel. The rooms are good size and the beds are comfortable with decent linens. The toiletries are higher end and made the shower more enjoyable. The mini-bar is an absolute joke as the prices are ridiculous. A bottle of water was $5.95! My parents ate in the breakfast restaurant and said the food was fresh and pretty good. We were only at the hotel for a few nights but it suited our needs. I don't think I would stay at this hotel if I had to pay full price for a room but I would definitely stay here again for $130 or less.	
Jan 30 2008 	Just another hotel	From the outside this appears to be a grand property and has impressive lobby, restaraunt and hotel facilities. I stay here a lot not because I love it but because I am a starwood platinum&gt; since I am a frequent guest I may be treater better then the average bear and if that is the case be careful about staying here. I have never been ungraded in approximatly 30 stays over the past two years. The restaraunts are very good here as in Shulas the steakhouse as well as a great burger place on the bottom level. The breakfast place is overpriced&gt; Being in chicago it is full of great places to eat so unless it is frigid or raining I eat out. The rooms are boring and while some have flat screens most do not. The toiletries have recently been upgraded to the same found in four points but nothing special. the front desk is not reseponsive and service can be an issue&gt; the loung at club level(33) is pretty but the food and drinks are passable at bestThe hotel is on the river and is well located near downtown	
Jan 27 2008 	Over priced mediocrity	Very loud hotel, especially if anywhere near the elevators. Not only do you hear guests but the elevators themselves are very noisy. We went sightseeing the second day returning to the room at 3:00 and maid service still hadn't showed up. That was fine, we went to the bar for a $12.50 martini (nothing special for the price) and when we returned the room had been tended to. The next morning we changed into our workout clothes and went to the fitness center only to discover a $12 per guest charge to use it!! We went to back to our room to shower and discovered that the maid had removed all but one bath towel the day before!! After being on hold with guest service for over 15 minutes my husband went down to the pool to get towels so we could shower and leave. They offer a &quot;complimentary&quot; continental breakfast but only to guests staying in the very pricy tower rooms. Otherwise you can purchase the meger option for a whopping $18.95 plus tax and 18% gratuity. What a rip off. Luxury hotel prices but mediocre service and quality at best.	
Jan 5 2008 	First class hotel in chicago	Just returned from a 4 day trip to shop, see the Aquarium and go to Wicked. The Sheraton surpassed our expectations as frequent business travellers. Clean, great location, great views. Pool and workout facility are well run. Club floors had access to the best continental breakfast going and late day hors d'houvres in their 2 storey club lounge. Warning; valet parking is $42/day but self park is just a bit less. No free internet access. Would recommend JP Clarkes across the street for dinner; Unos for deep dish pizza; Wicked as a must see show. Will definitely go back to this Sheraton.	
Dec 11 2007 	Good visit - I'll pack earplugs next time	I stayed at the Sheraton during a conference. The staff was very helpful, and it served as a great conference facility. There are plenty of comfortable chairs to do work, have a small meeting, make calls, etc. The room had all the basic amenities - comfortable bed, bath, basic cable TV, Internet for a fee. However, the sound was an issue. I could hear doors down the hallway opening and closing all night. Additionally, I could overhear the arrival and conversation of my neighbors ...at 2 in the morning. Next time, I'll likely stay at the hotel across the courtyard and make the 2 minute walk to and from the conference.	
Dec 10 2007 	The best option in Chicago	I have been 4 times in Chicago, and I have stayed in 4 different Hotels: This has been for much the very best option. The lobby, the warm of the receptionist, the room, the hotel is very good. It is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and there's no chance for you to get lost from this hotel. If you like to travel with style this could be a very good option.	
Dec 8 2007 	Far Above Expectations	I rarely stay at any Sheraton hotels but I will definitely return to this one. I was there on a Christmas shopping trip with a friend and it was perfect. The location was just 2 blocks from Michigan Ave so we walked everywhere. The staff could not have been any nicer to us. The hotel was beautiful for this time of year as well and our view of the city/river was outstanding. The cafe that served Starbucks and the great bar to grab a drink at night were also major perks. I would definitely stay here again!!	
Nov 14 2007 	Great view of the River	I stayed here for a conference at the McCormick Center. The hotel was quite nice. Clean, comfortable room. Very good view of the river.There was a mix up with my room reservation causing some stress, but the concierge supplied me with complimentary internet access in the business center to contact my colleague to get it straightened out and I caught a movie at the theater across the way while they stored my bags. Good service!	
Nov 12 2007	Less than perfect	I attended a conference in Chicago and booked a room with my credit card at the Sheraton Hotel for 3 nights over four months in advance. When we arrived around midnight they had overbooked the hotel and didn't have any rooms available. After waiting an hour and implying that they were going to send us to a five star hotel in town they sent us all the way back to the airport to a Holiday Inn which was medicocre at best. We got to sleep at around 3:00 a.m. The Sheraton Hotel did comp the night at the Holday Inn and pay for cab fare but he inconvience was overwhelming. We spent the last two nights of our stay in Chicago at the Sheraton as planned. The bed and pillows were fabulous but he water pressure in the shower was just a trickle. Next time I'm in Chicago I'll definately choose a different hotel!	
Nov 6 2007	Great hotel	Although it's a huge hotel that does a lot of convention business, the Sheraton is incredibly well run and a great hotel!Arrival: greeted outside immediately by professional bellmanCheck in: super fast and incredibly friendly! Very welcoming.Room: nice. Up to Sheraton standards (which are very good -- but it obviously ain't the Ritz!)Conference area: I was there for a meeting. The conference area was good, nicely renovated, and light and airy with massive windows over the riverFood: Good -- both food quality and serviceThis will definitely be my place in downtown Chicago for future visits.	
Nov 5 2007 	Wonderful stay at the Sheraton by Navy Pier	We stayed at the Sheraton by Navy Pier the first weekend of November and were very pleased with the accommodations and the service.We were upgraded to club level rooms and stayed in 3114 and 3115 adjoining. The view from both rooms was spectacular (as you can tell from the picture attached). They also left a plate of cookies and treats in the kids room upon check-in which made us all feel very special.The hotel is central to both Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. so we walked,trolleyed, and cabbed all around the area.We ate the breakfast buffet both mornings and thought it was pretty good. The eggs were a little runny, but they happily made a different batch for us at the omelet station. Our six year old ate free and our two eleven year olds were $14 (instead of the adult $20)The rooms were clean, the concierge &amp; reception staff were both friendly and helpful...we will definitely visit this Sheraton again when we're in Chicago next time.	
Nov 5 2007 	OK but not great.	I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers on business. I chose this hotel because I was getting in get in late and needed a full-service hotel. I found this to be a disappointing Starwood property.Before my arrival ---I received a very nice email confirming my stay and my Starwood preferred account. I asked for a king, non-smoking bed on a quiet floor. I got a very prompt response confirming my request.I didn't get to the hotel until 10PM. The valet was very nice and they kept asking if I wanted to self park. I didn't think anything of it, but opted to valet. Check-in went smoothly and I was checked into room 2718 (the Starwood preferred floor.) The room was very large with a nice view. The hotel itself isn't brand new and there was some wear and tear, but overall the property does seem well maintained. The bed was comfortable. The work space was very large. The seating area was great.The bathroom was spacious and clean. They stock the regular Sheraton bath products. The towels and robes were clean and plentiful.They also have a safe in the closet that will easily accommodate a laptop. I went downstairs at 10:35PM and found out that their Shula's Steakhouse closes at 10:30PM. There are no restaurants around that hotel that serve late. The concierge suggested PJ Clarks...I went and everyone I saw was smoking and drinking pints. It looked fun...just not for dinner. I went back to the hotel and found out that the late night menu also starts at 10:30PM. The menu is VERY limited and the food was not good. It was very disappointing.I went to check out the next morning and found out that valet parking is $41/day. That explained why everyone kept looking at me funny when I said I wanted to valet. I wasn't even paying and I find $41offensive. The front desk girl said it was stamped on my valet ticket. We looked and mine wasn't stamped. She also said their was a sign out front and pointed to it...the sign was no where near where valet had me pull up to or where I walked in the hotel. I'm a valet-parking, downtown hotel staying person and I'm used to high prices...but I think this is outrageous. Obviously lots of people before me have complained because she automatically went into the details about how they have compared other downtown hotels, blah...blah...blah.The lobby and lobby bar were packed with business types. I guess if everyone from your company is staying there it is OK. However, if you are an individual traveler looking for a business hotel...I found this Sheraton to be lacking.I stayed at several hotels on this last trip and I was most looking forward to my stay at the Chicago Sheraton. I also paid the most for this hotel. It was the only negative experience I had in five hotels.I emailed the woman who originally emailed me to confirm and told her about some of my issues. I never heard back.	
Nov 2 2007 	Not that great	I stayed here for a business conference. The rooms are outdated and not all that clean. Everything costs extra. Internet is $12/day. Shula's food is mediocre and way overpriced. This hotel is convenient for conferences if held there, but 1 block away is an embassy suites and it is much nicer. So if you don't mind walking a block, I would suggest the embassy.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great Family Location	We always stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel &amp; Towers when we take our kids to the city. You can't beat the location which is in walking distance of Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous Fox &amp; Obel, a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast. The hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds. My kids enjoy the pool with it's windows that overlook the Chicago river.	
Oct 19 2007 	Great location - Hotel needs rehab	We traveled to Chicago for a wedding and this was the host hotel of the couple. Unfortunately, the couple must have chosen one really busy weekend in Chicago because the hotel was booked solid and no where else in the vicinity had any vacancies. So we booked a room at a whopping $259 a night and couldn't even get a double (two ladies traveling together). Fortunately, we're friends and didn't mind splitting a king sized bed.Overall, our stay wasn't horrible, but I expected soooo much more from a hotel that boasts Presidential stays and such a high nightly rate. First there was no airport shuttle, your on your own, even from Midway. It may be typical for downtown Chicago hotels to not have shuttles but in this day and age you'd like they would spring for a 15 passenger van. When we arrived in the room, it was very apparent that Sheraton had only &quot;upgraded&quot; certain aspects of the room. Newer bedding and television. Same old nasty bathrooms and carpeting. Both looked about 50 years old. The bathroom especially, with moldy tiles. Additionally, there is only one reasonable option for breakfast - a $20 buffet without sufficient seating for the typical crowd of the hotel. Although it was typical breakfast fare, expect to wait in line.Good things - great location, central to all things Chicago - Michigan Ave, Navy Pier, etc. Friendly staff and comfy beds.	
Oct 14 2007 	Three Star Not Four Star	Stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers on a Saturday night, October 13. Booked the room via Priceline &quot;Name Your Price.&quot; In Priceline's system, the Sheraton is a four star hotel. In my experience, it's not. It's a three star at $250 for the night, including all taxes....but not parking. Self parking in an attached, and somewhat difficult to find, parking garage, was $29 a night.If you've already booked this hotel at a price you feel comfortable with, don't freak out. The location is probably why you booked, and you won't be disappointed. Read on if you want more observations.On the plus side:The location is perfect for spending a Saturday night in Chicago. Lots of great attractions nearby, including Navy Pier, which is within walking distance. The front desk staff was very helpful, the lobby was huge, and all the up-front public areas gave the impression that this was indeed a four star hotel. Short cab rides will get you almost everywhere in the north Loop/River North area, if you don't feel like walking.The only meal we had at the Sheraton was breakfast at the Riverside Cafe. $14 for Eggs Benedict...which were about the best EB's I've had the pleasure to eat. $3 for coffee...you get the idea. Hey, it's Chicago. Four star prices, but they delivered on the quality.The view from the 20th floor was nice. We looked across the Chicago River at the Swissotel, and the background high rises looked terrific at night.Elevators were fast, and zoned, so if your room was on the 20th floor, you'd use the bank of elevators that served floors 18-30. Never had to wait more than 30 seconds.The minuses.Towels. Holy cow, what are they doing with worn out bath towels in the Sheraton? Literally beyond &quot;end of useful life&quot;. No, I didn't bother to call and complain. Should I have to? Serious deficiency for a &quot;4 Star&quot; rating in my book.The bathroom tub surround tile and floor tile. I'm not a decorator, but multi-color, stained tile grout doesn't trip my trigger.The bathtub no-slip strips. Am I too picky when I say I don't like soiled strips? Pay for internet service. What? This is 2007 for cryin' out loud. Why should I pay 5 bucks for 30 minutes? Or 12 bucks for 24 hours? By the time I got to my room and figured out that I was paying 29 bucks to park my car, and walked 1/4 mile to the lobby, I wasn't in the mood. True, in my business travels to Europe, I've had to pay, but this is the US of A, where Al Gore invented the Internet. I was getting globally warm in my room by this point.No fresh smell. Maybe I'm too fussy, but there just wasn't a &quot;freshness&quot; about the room. I spent last weekend at a Country Inns and Suites in Madison, and my room there had a nice, crisp freshness to it. Not the Sheraton. If you're so inclined, you can crack the window about 6 inches. The Chicago River is neutrally fragrant.I'll be very careful with my next Priceline four star bid in the Chicago RIver North area.I'll also visit Boston Blackies for a burger and beers, at 164 E. Grand Ave, walking distance to the Sheraton. Holy mackerel, excellent 6.95 burgers, 3 buck beers, etc. How come everyone else can't do this?	
Oct 1 2007 	Go Cubs Go!	We took the family to Chicago for the Cubs baseball and needed a full service hotel for our stay. We have three children, 11, 10, and 8. We booked two rooms connecting as the hotel is older and the rooms smaller. For example, if you want two beds, they are doubles, not queens. The hotel was very accomodating, placed us on the 29th floor, incredible view of the lake and river! They delivered custom desserts to the children on our second night, along with tall glasses of milk!!We ate in the hotel cafe every morning for breakfast. Riverside Cafe was terrific with a daily buffet. they allowed our youngest to eat free, and half price for our other two children. Terrific breakfast, very nice service, fast friendly, etc. The location is perfect. Directly on the river, 5 min walk to the nearest train stop, four blocks from the navy pier, $7 cab ride to any place downtown.The concierge service was great. They made our reservations, gave daily directions, details about walking, taking the train, taxi, etc. Many hotels we have stayed at are not this friendly to families with children. Our biggest complaint was we could not locate the corkscrew for the minibar!! room service brought one up immediately and insisted on opening the bottle for me. Nice service.We would go back.	
Sep 27 2007 	Great hotel - a bit quiet	We made our first visit to Chicago to celebrate our 8th anniversary and the Sheraton Hotel and Towers was great. Everone from the bellman, registration and concierge services were top notch. Easy to walk to things from here...although the location is a bit quiet if you are looking for more action then Michigan Avenue hotels might be better. Their signature bed was so super comfortable. We ate at Shula's one night, it was delicious but a bit overpriced, we also had some drinks at Chi bar one night which was fun. The gym is well equipped but you do have to pay for it (my only complaint). The elevators are also super fast - it was like you pressed the button and the elevator was there. The concierge staff was top notch and had great suggestions and clear, complete directions for everything! Overall had a great time and would stay here again.	
Sep 27 2007 	Great Location and Very Comfortable Beds	We stayed at the Sheraton this past weekend (September 21 – 23) to explore Chicago and go to a Cubs game. Check-in was fast, we had a clean room and very comfortable beds. Our room was on the 22nd floor with a view of the city (fast elevators; never had to wait long). Although we were on a non-smoking floor, our room had a strong smell of smoke. The shower also drained very slowly. I’m sure we could have switched rooms but didn’t bother asking. The location is great; within walking distance to the parks, beach, Navy Pier, restaurants, shopping, public transportation, etc. At night we took a short cab ride (about a mile) to the bars/clubs on Division &amp; Rush.The Concierge Desk was very helpful. They gave us walking directions to a restaurant for breakfast (West Egg Cafe) and the El (Red Line) to get to Wrigley Field. However, the El stop at Grand &amp; State (about 7 blocks away) was under construction over the weekend. We had to take a complimentary CTA shuttle bus to another stop. It's only $2 to get around on the El but not very convenient with the construction. We decided to take a cab back from Wrigleyville (about $15).The mini bar is very pricy ($4 for a can of soda, $4 for a small bag of M &amp; Ms) but there is a Walgreens &amp; liquor store right across the parking lot on Illinois Ave. (about a block from the front door). We didn’t spend too much time at the hotel so we only ate there once. Stephan at the Chi Bar made great martinis and the flat bread pizza was tasty.Although the hotel charges for internet usage, they do offer complimentary boarding pass printing at the Business Center (behind the Bell Desk). Overall, we had a good stay at this hotel and would definitely return.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great location staff stay	Upon booking, I was uncertain due to previous reviews about this hotel. They seemed to be all over the place. More negative reviews seem to be older postings--whereas more of the newer ones are more positive. B/C I was uncertain I contacted a guest coordinator prior to our stay. She was great--she not only followed through (ensuring us a great room)--but followed-up upon our arrival. I would recommend doing this if you are uncertain. Here's my take: Location: This hotel is in a great location--positioned between Mag mile and Navy Pier. We had an excellent view of the river and city skyline. Right by the NBC building. In room amenities: free amenities are limited. The items in the rooms are overpriced. My recommendation is to go to Walgreens across the street (literally across). There are actually Walgreens everywhere in Chicago. Great place to grab snacks. There is a charge for internet (but not too shocking--as many of the hotels I have stayed--charge. Hamptons are really the only place I've stayed that we have had free in-room access). Hotel Amenities/Transportation: we did not try the pool--didn't even see it. But from what I can gather access to the pool is free. There is a charge for the work-out facility. My recommendation:go walk Mag Mile. We walked everywhere we went (Navy Pier, up and down Mag Mile, Milli. Park, John Hancock Building). We took a shuttle to/from airport--they were very timely. We took a cab to Seoond City. Housekeeping: the rooms and hotel areas that we saw were very clean. I do kind of inspect for this thing--b/c stray hairs in the bed or shower gross me out--I didn't see any here. Housekeeping was also very nice and non-intrusive. We went out everyday about 10:30a-1:30p--and they had the room picked-up/cleaned by the time we got back--with plenty of towels/washclothes/etc. I was happy about this--b/c in several hotels I've stayed before--this can be a issue. Check-in: easy/pleasant/quick. Room size: on the smaller size (but not tiny) compared to some--but it is downtown Chicago and from what I can tell this is common for many hotels downtown based on reviews of the other ones. It's Chicago--we weren't there to stay in the room much anyway--other then to enjoy the view late evening. I do agree with a previous reviewer--turning the loveseat and coffee table around--is a great idea--to sit back and enjoy the view. Our favorite things in Chicago: view from our room, lounge on the 95th floor of the Hancock building, just exploring downtown/Milli. Park-ate some Chicago pizza that day, Second City--the current revue is great--great team of actors. This trip was just my husband and I. We would most definitely stay here again. I really don't think this would be a super-kid friendly place. Great for adults. If I stayed in Chicago with my kids--and wanted to stay downtown--I think I might try the Swissotel (close to the Sheraton)--I saw in their website they have rooms specifically decorated for kids. However, their price is a bit more.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great locationgreat hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. We waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open, this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two's. Our room had a great view of Navy Pier and was a good size. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean. The location of the hotel is the best, we walked to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two. Would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Sep 12 2007 	Good Location And Great Views	Stayed here for three nights as a combo weekend/business conference, which was hosted within the hotel.Though the property was sizable, we had no problems either checking in or checking out. We asked for a room with a view and they did not disappoint. They're located at a very convenient nexus (if you're going on one of the various architecture boat tours that are popular, including the one given by the CAS, most leave from within easy walking distance from this hotel), and had great views of both the Navy Pier and the Chicago skyline, north of the Chicago River.The room was a decent size, though not huge. If there was any complaint with this hotel, it was the HVAC, with an emphasis on the &quot;ac&quot;. My room was comfortable, but I could never quite get it cool enough. The meeting rooms were the complete opposite, and were often cold enough to hang meat.Of course, the biggest complaint that most travelers have these days is the insistence of the the better chains of charging for Internet access. Why places like Residence Inn can offer their guests free internet access but Sheraton and Hilton cannot is beyond me.All in all, I enjoyed my stay and would stay again, at the right rate.	
Sep 7 2007 	Great Hotel	I spent 5 nights at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers in Chicago with my husband and 2 boys, ages 11 and 9. The hotel was clean and comfortable. The room (a double) was a little on the small side but fine. They did not have queen size bed, only doubles which was a little cramped when my husband and I were sharing a bed. The location was several blocks from Michigan Ave (approx, 5-8 minute walk,especially with kids). From our room, we were able to see Lake MIchigan and Navy Pier. I thought the location of the hotel could have been better having our lazy kids with us. My younger son did not like walking anywhere and just wanted to take cabs. The city buses are located on Michigan Ave and took about 5-8 minutes to walk there. We took the buses all over town. The train took us to the 2 ball parks. The subway was further away, approxiamtely 10-15 minutes by foot. The food in the hotel was very over priced. There is a Starbucks in the lobby and they charge $3.00 for a samll coffee and $3.00 for a bagel. One of the restaurants in the hotel which was open for breakfast and lunch had a great kids menu for approximately $4.00. The food for the adults was also very overpriced i.e. $21.00 for a breakfast buffet, $12.00 for a waffle, etc. Across the street is a Walgreens which had snacks, water, boxed cereal, etc. I bought snacks for the room and cereal for my kids for breakfast. Also across the street was Dominicks which is a supermarket. There is a Starbucks in there and the coffee was half the price than the hotel. They had a bakery section and all the usual sections in a chain supermarket. There is a lap pool in the hotel which overlooked Lake Shore Drive and Navy Pier. Our kids had fun but sometimes had to share the pool with adults wanting to do laps. On Wed. nights at 9:30, we were able to see the fireworks at Navy Pier from the pool. Great view! Overall, the hotel was fine. If you have kids with you, I would recommend staying closer to Michigan Ave near the buses or trains unless they do not mind walking. State street is also a great place to stay since it is near shopping and all forms of transportation. If you don't mind walking a bit, the Sheraton is a great place to stay.	
Sep 7 2007 	Great Location and Caring Staff	My girlfriend and I travel frequently, primarily for recreation. We were planning on attending a couple Cubs games over Labor Day weekend, and quickly found out that many hotels in Chicago were full or VERY expensive. We were able to get a decent deal on the Sheraton Chicago, which is in a GREAT location, as we have stayed right across the river at the Hyatt previously.The TripAdvisor review concerned me a bit, but I must say, I felt like I was in a different hotel. Our stay was great, although there were a few glitches, the staff worked things out.The common areas of the hotel really excelled. It was modern, clean and inviting. We didn't eat at the hotel, mainly because it's Chicago and there are SO many good restaraunts to try. We did eat in the club lounge (free cont. breakfast for guests on the Club Floors) and it was mediocre at best. There was just one person working and it was just too busy on a sold out weekend. The food was basically always empty.The rooms were adequate. We stayed in a standard room (reservation error - we booked a club), and while it was kind of small, it offered great views and was very clean. Note that this is an older hotel, and while the rooms have probably been renovated numerous times, they are really just your basic hotel room. The location, as previously mentioned, was just perfect. On the river. You can walk to Navy Pier, the Magnificent Mile, and pretty much everything downtown has to offer. Need to branch out? No problem, and El stop is a brisk 5 minute walk away (State and Grand), and the $2 fare gets you anywhere in the city (or at least within a few blocks of it). We usually fly in to Midway and take the El to our downtown hotel. For the Sheraton, I would recomment paying the cab fare (about $25-30). While it is close to an El stop, it can be a bit daunting, but doable (we did on the way back when we weren't rushed for time) with luggage in tow.The staff was what really excelled. On a busy, sold out weekend, the staff seemed to execute with ease (except the poor woman in the understaffed Club Lounge - not her fault, she was working full blast). Front desk / check-in was friendly and efficient. Every staff member we encountered smiled and was pleasant, from management right down to housekeeping.As I mentioned, we booked a club level room which was roughly $90/nt more than a standard room. These are slightly bigger, on the top floors, and provide free access to the club lounge breakfast/afternoon snacks, and the health club. When we booked, there was a box on the Sheraton website that could be filled out for room requests. We requested a King bed, non-smoking room, facing the lake/river if possible. We fully understood this was on an as available basis! We got a nice, but small room on the 30th floor, with a great view and all our requests met. Great, we thought. The problem was we later learned that the club rooms were on floors 31-34. We paid for a club, but got a standard. When we called down to ask about this, the front desk explained that the only way they could fullfill our requests was with a standard room. Well, thats fine, but I should of just paid for a standard room then, if requests overide room category. Upon return home, I emailed one of the front desk managers, Mr. Tim Duba, and informed him that while our stay was great we had issues with the room assigned and the breakfast issues. Mr. Duba went above and beyond to truly make me feel as though the issues were thoughrouly addressed with the staff, and measures were in place to correct the problems. Like the staff we encountered when we stayed there, I really got the impression that Mr. Duba cared about the guest.I would highly recommend a stay at the Sheraton Chicago. A previous stay at the Hyatt across the river was good, but the Sheraton was better, and the north side of the river is slightly better if you want to be close to the action. Set your expectations and you will be thrilled with this hotel. If you expect a clean room, friendly staff/management that care, and a great location, you can't go wrong here.I'll be back next time I'm in Chicago!	
Sep 6 2007 	Safe predictable large chain hotel	This is a huge chain hotel. Predictable &amp; safe decor. Large bright and airy lobby, clean &amp; rather modern looking common areas makes you think this might be a rather upmarket hotel. Rooms are what you would expect from a large chain. My room (26th floor - 2 double beds) was rather tired looking. Much of the paintwork was scuffed and some of the wallpaper marked. When I arrived the room had been made up but the trash had not been emptied and I noticed a couple of hairs in the shower. Nothing worth complaining about but highlights poor attention to detail. No complaints about room space - plenty of closet space and floor area. High speed internet available in room (at about $13 for 24 hour inc tax). Minor annoyance for me was that the in room safe was hardly secure - a very small &amp; narrow key locked box on the wall of the closet. But a proper full size ironing board, iron and proper hairdryer (not the usual wall mounted hotel ones) made up for it :)Swimming pool (free for guests) was lovely. Very clean and large enough to swim properly in. Gym was well equipped with cardio machines but I though the $12 charge (for hotel guests) was a little steep.This is a business oriented convention hotel. If you are looking for something a bit more special then I wouldn't recommend.	
Sep 4 2007 	Very nice in many ways	A very nice hotel in many ways. Desk service was good. The burger place was tolerable but nothing outstanding. Schulas is always a treat. The location on the river was fun. Pool was good for kids - nice and warm.Nice decor. Nice room. Good location. Well done!	
Sep 3 2007 	Beautiful hotel with great service	The Sheraton was a wonderful surprise, as I wasn't expecting it to be as great as it was. I was trying to get a more familiar hotel off of Hotwire, but instead lucked into a beautiful hotel with a very pleasant staff. Check-in was very fast and the Concierge was great in pointing me in the right direction. I've been to Chicago a couple dozen times but decided to take one of the city tours. Luckily, one of the stops is right across the street which was perfect. The single room was spacious, with a good view of the city. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was clean. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Shabby Small Rooms nice common areas	Staying at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers in Chicago recently was a bit of a disappointment. It was the location of my conference and my association was picking up the tab for the room so I had no choice in the matter of where to stay. However, having stayed at various hotels in that vicinity in the last year, I would rather recommend the Hyatt across the river, or better yet, the Swissotel (also across the river on Wacker). The &quot;common&quot; area of the hotel (lobby, elevators, seating areas, conference areas and bar/lounge areas are all very nice and it is obvious that Sheraton has put alot into these areas. The only minor problem I encountered was some poor service when getting a coffee in the morning at the lounge bar off the lobby. The employee seemed put out and didn't give great service, but that was a minor issue. The rooms however were a problem. Small is ok, if everything shines. However, small and shabby stinks. The bathroom shower contained the partially used soap and shampoo of a previous guest, there is very little counter area to put anything (shaving, tooth stuff, deodorant, etc..) and the bathroom is generally very small. In the bath, the corners were dirty, the room was also dirty looking and had some areas of disrepair. The view of the river and city were very nice. For fun, I decided to see if the soap would be gone the next day or not, so along with my soap and shampoo set, I left the others in the shower as well. To my amazement, none of it moved after my &quot;housekeeping&quot; visit that day either. I was amused. I should have called, but I didn't really care, but clearly they aren't taking care of the rooms very well. I thought other should know this if they are considering this hotel.	
Sep 3 2007	Always a Pleasure	Whenever I visit Chicago, I make it a top priority to stay at the Sheraton Twin Towers in Downtown. Located on the Chicago River, it's very scenic, has top service and is optimally placed for visiting all the local hot spots (restaurants, museums, shopping, etc). My only critique is the cost to park at the hotel is extremely high ($41/night), but parking everywhere in Chicago is rather expensive. If you don't need a car, get a cab/shuttle from either O'Hare or Midway airport (for ~$20-25) and save the money on a nice dinner. Recommend Shula's Restaurant in the Sheraton...it's fantastic!	
Aug 20 2007 	Not a lot to recommend	We stayed at the Sheraton from August 10th through the 14th, and while we didn’t have a terrible stay we didn’t find a lot to recommend the place, either. Here are our pros and cons.Pros: As many have mentioned, great location, central to just about everything one would want to do in downtown Chicago. Great views, too – if you get a room facing the river and lake. We got to lie in bed on Saturday night and watch the fireworks at Navy Pier. And the river traffic below was always interesting. The riverwalk is a nice touch (especially if you remember “old” Chicago) and provided a pleasant escape from the crowds on Michigan Avenue above. And, despite the cons listed below, we had a quite nicely appointed room.Cons: As another reviewer has mentioned, the common areas of the hotel were freezing cold. Much too cold to sit and relax in the lobby/bar. But who would want to anyway, what with the music blaring full blast 24 hours a day? If we weren’t looking around for a sweater (despite the heat in the street) we were shouting at each other to be heard over drinks. It was also way too cold in the club level lounge where we feared our morning coffee would ice over if we lingered too long. Note to management: It’s a hotel, not a meat locker.As was also mentioned previously, making the bed is an apparently lost art at the Sheraton. The sheets were simply draped over the mattress and I woke with my feet twisted up in them on more than one occasion. That one I just plain old won’t ever understand. Again, as already mentioned, there were long lines everywhere – from the front desk to the concierge to the bar – just about every time we walked through the lobby. That should really be forgiven, though. It was the height of summer vacation after all. But the savvy traveler will recognize that as one indication of a big, crowded, and somewhat noisy hotel.Finally, front desk staff botched our move from a lower level room to the club level, leaving our luggage unattended all day, and leaving us in our new room to wait for it when we got back from our day’s business. And then they left it to a beleaguered bellman to apologize for the mix-up.I imagine staying at the Sheraton might be an altogether different , and much more pleasant, experience in the off season. Perhaps in winter – they’re likely to have turned off the AC by then…	
Aug 13 2007 	Great Place to Stay!!	My husband and I celebrated our 10 year anniversary at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. Danita Harth-Bates, CEO, was wonderful wonderful wonderful! I received a confirmation email before our trip, asking if they needed to know anything before we arrived. I emailed Ms. Harth-Bates telling her it was our 10 year anniversary. We had champagne and strawberries (each dipped in a different coating) delivered to our room. I can't say a single thing that was wrong with our stay. Our room was great. Our view was great. I highly recommend staying at this hotel. Everyone was pleasant. The check in lady wished a happy anniversary. The food was great. The service was impeccable. Thank you Ms. Harth-Bates for making our stay memorable.	
Jul 24 2007 	What an amazingly good surprise!!!	Wow.Just spent five nights at the Sheraton while in Chicago on business. I've stayed in ALL of the top Chicago hotels and, honestly, this place is not far off the mark set by the best.I see Chicago as an excellent US hotel city and this Sheraton may be the finest Sheraton and one of the top Starwood properties I've stayed in. Superb concierge. Susie help with many things inclusing Cubs tickets. She worked for two full days to find me the right seats at the right price.I was on the Club Floor - service in the lounge was also superb. The food itself was lousy - room temperature deep fried junk or rubber beef - but the atmosphere was very comfortable and the drinks cold.I had a corner room and it was huge. Only criticism is the bathroom, which was very average. Bed was amazing, plasma TV rotated room layout was intelligent.Shula's Steakhouse in the lobby is among Chicago's best - a must see if you're an NFL fan.This hotels has a few nice elements of boutique hotels and all of the conveniences of a big chain.Great lobby sitting area, above average bar and a PERFECT Chicago location.Again, a great surprise and I will certainly be back.When compared with other SPG properties in town (the two W Hotels, and the two Westins) it's not even close - the Sheraton wins by a Magnificent Mile (a little Chicago reference - did you catch that?)	
Jul 20 2007 	Above and beyond customer service	When we were stranded in Chicago for two days since our flight home was canceled, our airline put us in touch with hotels.com who found us the room at the Sheraton Towers. After a long and frustrating day that ended up with us still in Chicago, arriving at the Sheraton was a joy. The entire staff was wonderful. The bell staff was great helping us (finally) let go of the heavy bags, Jonathan at check in was very helpful and had us in a room which he upgraded for us in no time. We enjoyed the location and the facilities of this property during our unexpected stay and would highly recommend this location to others. We can't say enough about the staff. If we are in Chicago in the future we will definitely return here!	
Jul 15 2007 	Beautiful hotel	I attended a conference at this hotel in April 2007, and the conference facilities were excellent. Our room was nice, but not as fancy as I had expected after seeing the lobby &amp; conference facilities. Our room had a decent sized bathroom on the left upon entering, with a small hallway leading down to the main bedroom. The hotel room was a routine size and included a king size bed, small desk, small sofa and a TV sitting on a cabinet which contained the mini-bar / snack machine.Overall, our visit to this hotel was very nice and had beautiful views of Lake Michigan.	
Jul 12 2007 	Some good some bad	Following a mix-up with our booking on needahotel.com we were given a room in this hotel.Talk about good luck!We stayed 12th to 15th June.On arrival we were told they didn't have the room booked for us and we were moved into a better room, with a riverview, vouchers for the bar and access to the executive lounge on the 34th floor.The lobby is immense, spotless and VERY busy. Everyone sitting in the area seemed to be working on laptops.Check in was very smooth and quick.The room was bigger than the average hotel room and certainly the biggest we've had in the USA.A little off-putting is that they look for almost $8 for a litre of water. I didn't dare look at the prices for the mini-bar!In terms of cleanliness it's impossible to fault the hotel or the rooms.The executive lounge is lovely and the range of pastries available each morning is great.While the use of the gym was extra, the pool is free to use. That said, the pool is pretty small and both times I went to use it, it was full of kids who seemed to be unsupervised. This made it impossible to actually swim. I'd strongly recommend that this is something the management look at.The location of the hotel is great. It's just off Michegan Avenue and most of the places you'd want to see are in walking distance.Would stay here again, but wouldn't be paying the rack rates!	
Jul 8 2007 	Not so great	Being from Chicago, I always thought this was a top hotel. However, when we stayed there one night. I was disappointed. Pros - Great location for access to north MIchigan Ave. and downtown Chicago. Very nice decor. Cons - Not very comfortable in general. No fans in bathroom! Sheets on bed not tucked in, so I woke up in the morning on the bare mattress. Lobby was way too cold to sit around, like a freezer; we got coffee inside but had to go outside to drink it! No garbage cans in the lobby either (too fancy), so you have to carry your trash around or to your room. Concierge line was 6 people deep, so of no use. Finally, they left out 1 liter water bottles in the room which looked like complimentary gifts - my wife opened one and then noticed the fine print that it cost $6.95! What a scam. I complained and they took it off the bill.This hotel looks nice but is not very comforable for humans. I would try someplace else next time.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great Location and View Get the tip money!	this hotel is beautiful in the lobby. The check in was wonderful and i was given an 'upgrade' however, the upgrade did not have a bed for my son! I think they misunderstood me when i said the 3you could sleep with us, but NOT the 16yo. The view was incredible but the room was tiny, which is expected in a big city. the hallway had a terrible smell the entire time we were there. the internet did NOT work in our room and we had to use our cell card. My 16yo ended up sleeping on the floor on the bedspread of our nice king bed. The location of this hotel is wonderful. Be aware the advertised fitness room will cost you to use! this is not an amenity in my opinion if you have to pay extra. the pool is free. When we tried to get a luggage cart to load up to leave, the bellhops refused to give us one, and we were basically forced to use the bellhops. Be prepared to use all the services and to tip them often!	
Jun 11 2007 	Great location	Hotel has a great location. Very convenient to Navy Pier, Millenium and Grant Park and the Magnificient Mile. Service was good at check-in and check -out. This is a very big hotel, so if you're looking for an intimate experience, look elsewhere. The spacious room we were in is in need of some updating! The wallpaper was dark, carpeting worn, a sititng couch with no lights nearby enabling anyone to read, and two heating/cooling units that were hard to adjust.A four star location by no more than a 3 star room.	
May 29 2007 	Great Visit to the Sheraton	Spent Saturday through Monday of Memorial Day weekend at the Sheraton Lakefront with my wife. If you don't know, the hotel is in about as good of a location as you can get in downtown Chicago. Walking distance to Michigan Ave, Navy Pier, and Millenium Park (not to mention some incredible restaurant options less than a mile away!) Check in was a breeze, despite conference going on in the hotel. Hundreds of conference attendees around, but hotel lobby/sitting area is HUGE, making you feel comfortable. We booked a corner suite with views of the river and lake, which is perfect for Saturday nights in the summer--Fireworks off the end of Navy Pier! Perfect viewing area from the patio along the river or your corner room! Rooms and bathrooms were clean and the beds are the best! Ordered room service on two separate occasions, excellent service...reasonably priced compared to local restaurants, and tasty as well (Molten chocolate cake is a GREAT desert!) Pool/Fitness center is spacious/updated and well worth a visit. Parking is very steep--39 bucks/day, and for some reason there was an extra $125/day room charge listed on my bill..when I asked about this, they immediately apologized, and took it right off, not quite saying why it was there...glad I asked...so....check your bill! Overall, I would stay here again	
May 15 2007	Great Stay!	We stayed there for the weekend. We had a room with a beautiful view. The room was very nice.	
May 14 2007	Shameful	The following are paraphrased excerpts taken from an email I sent to the hotel after experiencing a terrible stay:· the hotel was not able to provide adequate hot water for bathing during the morning. · the bathtub spigot was not even attached to the wall. · the shower diverter valve channeled only some of the water to the shower head. · the bathtub did not drain properly resulting in showers taken in standing water. · soundproofing between adjoining bathrooms was poor. People in adjoining bathroom were audible in both actions and words. · bureau drawer space was totally inadequate because of the installation of a mini-bar in a guest clothing storage space. · Riverside Cafe staff inadequate to handle breakfast surge. Waiters and bus-boys harried, inattentive, and unavailable. · elevators usually had one form of trash or another on the floor. · Java Bar Starbucks coffee station was second rate, an inadequate afterthought. · unable/unwilling to switch my booking credit card for one which I would have preferre to use at check-in: · charging for toll-free calls just smacks of money-grubbing, as do the exorbitant local call charges. · ditto for the shameful wi-fi charges. · blatant, in-your-face, peddling of $4.50 bottled water used up most of the space on the tiny guest table.On the positive side we did find your staff, for the most part, pleasant : we were well served by your housekeeping staff. We did enjoy the very comfortable bedding and the champagne acknowledging our anniversary. However, these minimal positive items are normally expected from a four star hotel and they did not serve to offset the negative issues. What a disappointment!!	
May 6 2007	Decor needs updating but clean and comfortable	My daughter and I stayed at the Shraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for two nights - our room had a great view of the Navy Pier, was clean and comfortable but the decor is a bit outdated and in need of some upgrading.I found the staff to be very welcoming and helful. The location of the hotel is great for downtown and going to the museums in the city. Also if you would like to catching a movie in the evening the AMC Theatre is across the streetI think the bathrooms are a bit on the small side.We got a good deal on our room and I would definately book it again through priceline.I would stay away from room service as it is very expensive and the food quality is just okay.We also found the Obel &amp; Fox market and cafe which was mentioned in a previous post. I highly recommend this place for snacks, lunch or dinner. My daughter is a student in the city and I'm sure she will be frequenting this place for special treats.	
May 4 2007 	Great Location Ammenities Lacking	I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for 2 nights (April18 and 19) for a conference. I'll start off with what I liked about the hotel:The lobby and first floor of the hotel was very nice. Very spacious and fancy looking. There were always taxis waiting outside if you need to go anywhere. The location for this hotel is excellent - righton the river, and only a block or two from Michigan Avenue. It is also only a short walk (maybe 10 minutes) to the nearest train station, so if the weather is nice there's no need for a taxi. There is a grocery store only a block or two away, along with many wonderful restaurants. My room was on the 14th floor, and we had a great view of the river, Michigan Avenue, and the many buildings (including the new Trump building). From the window near the elevators, I could see Navy Pier. The beds were very comfortable, and there was a nice flat screen tv in the room. I would probably saythat in general, the rooms were not much nicer than other rooms I've had at 3 star hotels...they weren't bad rooms, just average, nothing really amazing to set them apart. But the view was incredible We alsoreceived a complimentary USA today outside our door every morning. Common areas of the hotel (mostly the first floor/lobby) do have freewireless internet. The concierge at the front desk was very helpful in finding places to eat.Now for things I didn't like as much:it seemed like the hotel nickel and dimed you for every little thing.There is wired internet access in the rooms, but you have to pay for it. There is a gym/workout facility, but you have to pay for it. There is parking across the street, but it costs $29-$39 per night (but what can you expect, you're downtown, so parking is going to be expensive...I didn't have a car though, so it didn't matter to me). There is a well stocked mini-bar under the tv, but it didn't seem to close properly, most of the things in it weren't too cold, and of course the prices were outrageous. We just walked across the street to the grocery store, picked up some beverages and breakfast/snack food, and saved ourselves a ton of money (I think breakfast at the hotel is about $12-$15 per person?...not sure, didn't eat in the hotel at all). Our room had an adjoining door to the room next door, and the door was not very sound-proof. While trying to sleep on our second night, we were kept up to the sounds of our neighbor watching adult movies on his television at a very high volume. Overall, the hotel is very nice, in a great location, and I had a wonderful stay with no major complaints. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, but I will go in knowing that I am paying for the location and convenience, not for all the amenities.	
May 1 2007 	Excellent Choice...Surprisingly	I went out to Chicago April 20-23 for a conference at an area university and was able to snag a good university rate because of it.I was hesistant about booking the Sheraton - we've had poor experiences in other Sheraton properties around the country so for me this was like &quot;3 Strikes and They're Out&quot; but I am sooooo glad we did!The hotel was really nice - vibrant and alive. Not very stuffy even though there was a conference going on from Saturday-Sunday.The people at the front desk were warm and helpful - went through all of our upgrade possibilities with us, etc. The room itself was great - spotlessly clean which is THE first thing I check for. The first room we were in had a problem with the internet connection so we were promptly relocated. (They do charge 11.95 for the net in room but there is free wireless in the public areas).My mother and I had drinks in their multiple bar areas and the staff was friendly and engaging. Definitely try the gourmet burger place downstairs - 36 bucks for 2 burgers fries and beers but it's a hotel. The good thing is that the burger cafe is right on the river so it's a nice place to relax!I had to use the business center to do some early morning printouts - the rates are reasonable .20/page and the hours are great - open til 10pm on weeknights and open at 7am on Saturdays.The hotel is very close to Michigan Ave, Navy Pier, legendary deep dish pizza spots and for all else there's taxis right outside the front door. Without a doubt, I will stay here again!	
Apr 26 2007 	Sheraton is just fine!	I bid on Priceline for a 4-star hotel in the Mich Avenue/Loop area and won the Sheraton Hotel and Towers for $129. Then I read the TripAdvisor reviews and promptly decided I had ruined the weekend. I was expecting the worst conference hotel on the planet! Fortunately, it didn't turn out that way at all. The lobby is typically big-city good looking and busy with conventioneers and tourists. The front desk couldn't have been nicer. I had requested a king room, but the person at the front desk said the only two left had poor views and ifI would take a double bedded room I would have a great view. He was so right! Directly above the Chicago River, with a view north to the lake and the south into the city. It was very romantic at night. This is no boutique hotel with chi-chi design touches, but it was handsome and clean. Housekeeping had just finished our room when we checked in and stopped by to make sure everything was fine. We had two double beds with nice duvets and piles of pillows, a desk, an easy chair, TV with honor bar beneath, a huge closet with safe, and very nice bathroom. The towels were thick if not huge and the shower worked perfectly (I could have done with more water pressure, but there was plenty of hot water.) We didn't care because we weren't using it, but the mini fridge didn't seem to be cooling anything at all.The closest el stops are a decent walk, but you can walk two blocks over to Michigan Avenue and catch buses that go up and down Michigan as well as directly to the Museum campus.Considering that most hotels I looked at for the same weekend were at least $229 a night, for $100 less, I would book here again for sure.	
Apr 24 2007 	Just OK	I stayed at the Sheraton for a conference. My room rates (conference rate) was $199/night. This is a great conference hotel. The conference facilities are nice and convenient. The hotel has a few restaurant choices and the gift shop has many options for snacks. The burger place on the bottom level is great for lunch. The main dining room has a wonderful breakfast buffet. The lobby has the Java Bar for coffee, drinks, pastries and fruit. There is also Chi Bar and Shula's steakhouse.The location is pretty good. It's just a short walk to Michigan Avenue and plenty of shops and restaurants. The views from the hotel are nice since you are right on the Chicago river. However, when I come for pleasure, I prefer to stay towards the northern end of Michigan Avenue because I like to have easy access to the lake.The room was fine. It had a flat screen TV. The internet charge is $13/day. You can start the 24 hours whenever you want. It is not wireless in the room. I think it's a ripoff. They have a free wireless connection in the lobby. The room could have been cleaner. I noticed a spot on the wall in the shower that was there from the time I got there until I left. They also don't clean the sink thoroughly. The underside of the faucet was filthy.One thing that bothered me was how loud the doors slammed and how loud it was in the hallway during the day. I went upstairs to rest in the middle of the day and could not because of the doors slamming and housekeeping staff talking very loudly in the hall. The gym is nice, but again, another ripoff. They charge $12/day or $20/visit. I think the pool is free to use. The gym has nice equipment, and the TVs on the treadmills work well. Desk staff and concierge were helpful. The concierge was always available when I needed her. There is nothing worse than a long line at the concierge desk. She recommended some great places to eat.Two recommendations I can make: For lunch go across the street to the restaurant on the first floor of the NBC building. They have great tacos, sandwiches and salads. You can also pick up drinks, fruit, snacks, etc. It's quick, convenient and you get much more bang for your buck than at the hotel. However, I had an omelette for breakfast and didn't like it.If you like Persian food, check out Reza's on Ontario. It's a very popular place, but large so you shouldn't have too much trouble getting a table. We also ate around the corner at Emilio's for tapas. It was delicious.Overall, it's a pretty good hotel, but I think there are much better choices if you are staying for pleasure rather than business.	
Apr 15 2007 	Would stay somewhere else.	First, I have stayed in many hotels, and this is NOT what I would consider 4 stars, more like 2.5 stars. It is old, dark and outdated. We were first placed in a non-smoking room that smelled as if you were sitting next to 3 smokers. We were promptly moved to another room which had an odd musty smell, but at least was better than the smoky smell. I think if Sheraton wants to keep the 4 star rating, they need to re-model and upgrade. The kids stated the the pool temperature was on the cool side. The staff was friendly and attentive, even during the busiest times. With all of the other choices there are in Chicago, we will definitely stay somewhere else next time.	
Apr 13 2007	Great Location - Elvis Room Old 	The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is in an ideal location to enjoy Chicago's Michigan Avenue, Miracle Mile, and Millennium Park sights and sounds. That said, the 15th floor room where I stayed appeared to have been decorated by Elvis' Graceland interior designer. The leopard print wall paper in the bathroom and the mustard colored walls in the bedroom really do need updating. Unfortunately the hotel was not embracing a kitchy cool retro look; instead, the decor is just outdated and tacky. I would recommend the Westin, the Intercontinental, or even the Hyatt for more 21st century surroundings.	
Apr 11 2007 	Priced right for what you get	We booked the hotel through Yahoo and received a good price at $130.00 a night. Since we drove we got hit for $27.00 a night for self parking and $39 a night for valet parking. Average for city parking but keep it in mind if you drive. Other hotels may offer a bigger break on parking.The room we stayed in was room # 2007. Although comfortable and clean it was in need of a update. Old everything, wallpaper, furniture, TV...The staff was helpful and nice. Location was very good, a short walk to the MILE and a five minute walk to the Navy Pier. $20 cab / $2 PP Bus ride to Museums. The hotel, because of the price, was very crowded with business people rushing about. This is not necessarily a negative but be aware walking anyware is going to be a convoluted path. However the international mix of people was interesting.Eating is expensive in the hotel as expected. Eat there for convenience only and expect to pay a high price for fair food. A better bet would be to paid a high price for excellent food at one of the many nearby restaurants. Bandaros and Shaws (Excuse the Spelling) were excellent for the same money as Shulas or the cafe in the hotel and the service at both was great.There are several lower cost alternatives for eating at the pier.So... over all an OK, safe, clean, place to stay for the price.. don't pay full book price... don't drive and park... Don't expect four star.Feel free to email questionsFrank and Wendy	
Apr 9 2007 	Loved our stay at the Sheraton Chicago	We stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Towers for 3 nights over Easter weekend. Our room was terrific -- beautiful and very comfortable beds! The pool is complimentary although it costs $12 to use the exercise equipment. Previous posters are correct that everything seems to cost extra but it is well marked; there were no surprises! Even though the weather was really cold, most sights (Art Museum, Michigan Ave shopping, Symphony Center) we wanted to see were within walking distance. There were many, many restaurant choices in the area as well. The rather surly receptionist (the only downpoint of the whole stay) told us that there was only valet parking. When I mentioned that I had called and was told there was self-parking, she admitted there was but to see the bell hop (who said it was full -- which it wasn't). I would definitely stay here again -- especially for the rate slightly over $100/night rate we got on the Sheraton website.	
Apr 8 2007 	Dingy dated poorly lit. Not a 4-Star hotel!	I live in Chicago. I know what 4 stars is supposed to mean in this town. I Pricelined a 4-Star hotel for a couple of nights for my wife and myself, and they dumped us in the Sheraton. While it's decent as a business traveler's hotel, and I found the staff to be awesome, it's an outright lie to call this a 4-Star hotel. The bedding was nice, with soft comforter and down pillows, but the rest of the room clearly has not been redone since the 80's, and was poorly lit. The hallways are dark and appear not to be vacuumed regularly -- the same paper scraps and crud were on the floors the day I left as the day I checked in. Finally, I was almost insulted that Internet access still costs 12 bucks a day. Even side-of-the-road motels are giving free Internet now. This is -- at best -- a 3-Star hotel. The W makes the Sheraton seem like a Motel 6 by comparison.By the way, my Priceline rate (before taxes) was $70 and I was still disappointed.	
Apr 7 2007 	great price housekeeping needs help	Stayed in this Sheraton before and was much happier. Bottom line, all staff were very helpful and friendly with the exception of housekeeping. Upon check-in I noticed a dirty sink (toothpaste, hair, coffee drips, etc.) I find it hard to believe that any housekeeper could think that this bathroom was clean. There was silly string on the headboard of the bed, and cobwebs on the ceiling...I did not complain...no time to move room, but left a similar review on comment card.On the positive side...great location, great views, great coffee and cinnamon roll in the cafe, and very friendly porters, door men.	
Apr 7 2007 	Decent	First of all we got a great deal on a room here for three nights. If I paid rack rates I would say there are better places to stay for that price. My husband and I were traveling on a mini-vacation with our daughters ages 10 and 14 so this critique is based on a family trip not a business trip. Here are good points of this hotel:- Lots of families stay here so there is no snobby feel. - Great location with easy walking to Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue and the train. - Movie theaters, bowling and Walgreen's across the street. - Great, great, great local organic grocery and cafe called Fox &amp; Obel within two blocks on Illinois. - Every room has a good view...city, Chicago River, Lake Michigan. - On the Chicago River so nice to walk along the river too. - Comfortable beds and better than average linens. Things to keep in mind:- You can only get two double beds in one room, two queen sized beds not available in standard room. - No separate vanity in bathroom area in standard room. - All restaurants in hotel too pricey for what you get. (But aren't most hotel restaurants? You are paying for cenvenience.)- Don't count on using pool or fitness center, both are small and very busy. - Parking sucks, consider coming to hotel using public transportation. - Mini bar and bottled water prices are insane of course. I am cheap that way so we brought in some killer stuff from Fox &amp; Obel. (See their website for more.)	
Apr 6 2007 	Great Location!	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers for two nights on 4/2-4/4-07. Our check in was relatively smoothe. There was no problem. I had a few questions and they were answered completely. We had a room facing the Chicago River. I had requested this viewing and was giving the room with no problem. The hotel room was an average room with a nice and comfortable bed. The bathroom was sorta small with a small bathtub with low water pressure. As far as sites, everything that we wanted to do was in walking distance, and if not a short taxi ride would be the other option. We did take the cab to some of the locations. The fare wasn't as expensive as expected. Most of the time we walked. On our first day in Chicago we went to the movie which is right down the hill next door to a Walgreen store and across the street from a liquor store. We walked to the movie and enjoy our two hour outing at the theatre. It was a nice and clean theatre (AMC). Also, if you didn't want to go to the movie you could go next door and bowl. Then, we walked to North Michigan Ave. which was approximately two blocks. There were so many stores and restauarant to see and choose from on this avenue. However, I didn't see any bargains so you probably can get the same thing in your hometown. The next day we went to the Jerry Springer show and enjoy watching the people act a fool. The Jerry Springer and Judge Mathis shows are taped in the NBC studio which is across the street to the left. Therefore, if you are planning to be in the audience to one of the taping, this is the hotel to stay. You pretty much walk across the street. Lastly, we were able to walk to the Navy Pier. I like the pier because there were so many things to do such as visiting the Children Museum, ferris wheel ride, cruise on the Spirit of Chicago or the Odeyssey. Lastly, on our final day we ate downstairs for breakfast which was pretty expensive at the Riverside Cafe. You can expect to pay at least $40.00 or more for two. Then, we check out of the hotel with no problem and proceeded to Midway Airport. In conclusion, we had a great time and stayed busy hanging outside.	
Apr 2 2007 	Decent Place	My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights this past weekend and enjoyed our stay. It has a beautiful lobby and extremely helpful concierge staff. The room was nothing fancy, but just fine to stay in. Don't expect much in the way of bathroom cosmetics. Also, the pool is nice but full of kids ALL THE TIME. It has a gym as well, but you have to pay separately for that. I was really looking forward to swimming, but far too many children. The hotel offered gorgeous views of the city from our room. It's walking distance to the sea port/marina and many other places. We also walked to the hotel from the subway station (which we took from the airport). It's a bit of walk, but definitely do-able, especially if you're used to walking like us New Yorkers. ;)All in all, I wouldn't mind staying here again.	
Apr 1 2007 	Pay more get less	I was expecting a quality experience from this hotel after handing a moderate chunk of change for my room, but my experience was exactly the opposite. For starters forget about using the pool, the entire time it was open it was flooded with kids. The high class sauna is a miserable closet sized room with a heater in it. You can honestly fit about 3 people in it. I wanted to work out, but felt that having to pay an extra 20 bucks for a little corner with a couple treadmills and a gazelle was pretty ridiculous. Then they lure you with a bottle of water that looked like it was complementary but ended up being 5 bucks. Later, i asked the front desk to bring me up a few packets of coffee only to receive them 4 hours after the request. The last day I asked again and was forced to check out without my morning cup of joe, due to the fact it was never brought up. They charged my girlfriend 1.99 for a local call. The WIFI was 4.99 for a HALF HOUR. This day and age this is comparable to charging someone for breathing air. WIFI is free everywhere!!! Bottom line the hotel presentation was nice, the room was clean (although small), and the housekeeping was prompt. But for the amount of money you will pay to stay in your room, and the amount of money you'll spend on everyday commodities that should be free and are free in other hotels, in the end this crummy hotel experience is not worth your time.	
Apr 1 2007 	Way Overpriced- Rude staff	My Stay at the Sheraton was very unpleasant. First of all, the room was extremely small for the price I paid for it, and they were way overpriced on everything. I paid more for the self parking than I did for the rental car I took to chicago. They also charged extra for their horrible excuse for a fitness center, internet access and even local phone calls (which they conveniently don't tell you before you make any calls). I mean, come on I can understand charging for long distant calls but local? Also, the pool was really small and was constantly full of kids. I love kids, but there were so many in the pool all the time, that I didn't even have a chance to go in during my entire stay. On top of everything else, the hotel staff was not very nice. I called the front to inquire about a mysterious charge that appeared on my credit card and the woman at the front was very rude and treated me like I was stupid for even calling. Then I called another time to ask for more coffee, and it took them TWO HOURS to bring it up. I did not go to any of the restaurants or bars that were in the hotel because I feared I would have to file for bankruptcy if I did. The only thing that I liked about the Sheraton was it's location. It was very close to Michigan Avenue. However, there are a ton of other hotels that are conveniently located. After my experience I will not stay at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers ever again.	
Mar 17 2007 	Skip the towers! Too many other better places to stay!	This hotel is certainly not a 4 star. As stated in previous reviews the rooms are pretty standard and more of a lower end 3 star. The lobby and adjoining areas are all very nice and clean, our room however had much to be desired. Positives about our stay:The bedding was very comfortable, best pillows I have ever laid my head on. The view from our room was sweet. We could see, the lake, the river and the Navy Pier. Very quiet. We could not hear the street noise, although we could hear the guy peeing in the bathroom in the room next to us.Not so nice things about our stay:The entire room had a thick layer of dust everywhere. Clock radio, desk, ice bucket, drinking glases, television, you name it, there was dust on it. The window with the beautiful view was filthy. Lots and lots of hand and forehead prints on it!Crappy anemnities. The toiletries were generic and so very small. Certainly not enough for two people. Bottled water in the room for $4.50. Towels were standard hard hotel towels. The houskeeping staff bothered the heck out of us. We checked in on Friday and on Saturday morning while we were getting ready for the day (8:00 am or so) they were knocking on our door with the &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; sign up to clean our room. During our 2 day stay we received 4 phone calls from housekeeping about wanting to come into our room! Hello! Check out on Sunday was 12:00, leave us alone!Checking our bags in and out of the luggage hold was just a major inconvienience for the luggage guy. He would rather chat with the shoeshine guy.We tried to watch a pay per view movie in the room saturday night but weren't authorized. When I called the front desk they told me that the credit card I gave them at check in wasn't good and I needed to come downstairs and give them another one. We had spent the day shopping, but, I knew I didn't buy THAT MUCH! Since it was 11:00 at night and we were in our pajamas, I told her I would come down in the morning. In the morning, it was a completely different story, no C.Card problem and they had already put all of the charges through for our 2 night stay. No apologies for the night before.I agree with the poster below me about the rude staff. We had on dress jeans and were on this trip for shopping and exploring the city. Because I was not in a business suit, we were pretty much ignored. I had to step out on the curb and hail my own taxi because the doorman ignored us and helped business travelers that came out after us. I would not stay here again. I paid more than double what I paid to stay in the Allerton last year and I would choose the Allerton over the Sheraton Towers any day. The Towers were cold impersonal and the staff could really care if you stay there again. So I won't.	
Mar 13 2007	Horrible stay rude clerks bad room	I'm not sure how this hotel has such good reviews. I was here most recently, last week, for a full week conference. When I first arrived a surly receptionist actually told me that I did not have a reservation and would need to leave. I had just flown in from NY and had significant delays, so by the time I arrived in Chicago it was midnight. I had a printed out confirmation for 5 nights and showed it to the clerk. He did not apologize.I was given the keys to a filthy room on the 11th floor--smelled like a combination of raid, smoke, and cheap perfume. I am allergic to smoke and made a note of this when booking my reservation. I was disgusted to see black hairs all over the pillow cases in my room and called downstairs to demand a room change. It took the bell hop 30 minutes to get me to a new room, at which point it was nearly 1am and I had a breakfast at 6:30am with business associates. The last day of my stay, a housekeeper called me at 8am and again at 10 am to ask when I was leaving so she could clean the room. I had a &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; up because I was preparing for a conference I was speaking at. Checkout was at noon so I'm not sure what the rush was. when I checked out, I had what might be the nastiest and rudest clerk of all. She nearly spat at me. I live in NYC, and believe me, I deal with rude people every day. But not one comes as close to the rudeness of the people at this Sheraton. The floors and carpets were filthy, rooms were loud, and the way the front desk treated me will not be forgotten. I'm &quot;young,&quot; at 33, but I run a new media company. This hotel should consider that just because someone looks young does not mean they don't have the buyer power of older guests. In addition, considering I wore a suit each day and acted pleasant at all times, I can't think of why the clerks could possibly see fit to treat me like dirt. Will never come back.	
Mar 11 2007 	The Chicago Experience	I live outside Chicago &amp; do periodic weekends in the city. I highly recommed this hotel for the &quot; Chicago Experience&quot; . It has spectacular location, view , rooms &amp; plush bedding. Walking distance to many of the things you'll want to see...The River, Millenium Park, Michigan Ave, The Architecture Tour, NBC Tower, &amp; for historys sake, don't miss the Centennial Fountain...it commemerates the reversal of the flow of the Chicago River, one of our most amazing engineering accomplishments.	
Mar 11 2007	Loved our Stay!	My daughter and I were in Chicago for one night after having attended a three-day conference elsewhere in Illinois. We were only in Chicago on our way home. We didn't know where to stay in Chicago, but booked one night at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based on their ad in the Chicago Visitors Guide. We're glad we did! We enjoyed our stay very much. Our room was very comfortable and well appointed and had a wonderful view of the city. That's what we wanted--a great view, and we got it. Also, the hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and is accessible from the bus stop (we took the train and bus from the airport into the city and it wasn't bad--saved us a lot of money). The elevators to our room were fast and quick and there was one always available. We found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating. The only downside for us is that we had only booked one night in Chicago. We wish we could have stayed there at the Sheraton for at least another night. We would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 6 2007 	I loved my stay	I had the opportunity to stay at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers for business. The hotel is in a great location. My room was spacious and very comfortable. I had a great view of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. The staff was very friendly. ChiBar was a cool place to hang out and it had great drinks. The catered food that the hotel served was excellent. I would definitely stay here again whether it is for business or leisure.	
Feb 21 2007	Absolutely Perfect	My husband and I came down for a relaxing weekend in the big city and found an enchanting deal online. For less than $150, tax included, we received a corner room with a gorgeous view of the skyline, Chicago River, and Lake Michigan. The accomodations were clean, upscale, and quiet. The staff was extremely friendly during our entire stay and even accomodated our early check in and late check out with no concerns at all, including extended parking at no extra charge. It's within walking distance of Michigan Avenue, Millenium Park, the Theater District, and Navy Pier. We will definitely stay here again when we visit Chicago.	
Feb 8 2007 	Nice hotel great location	This place was really nice - I'm writing a review a year and a half after I stayed here but some things that still stick out are:Excellent Room Service FoodBeautiful Views/Walking area within the resortConvenient LocationGood breakfast restaurantLobby/Public areas were well-furnished and the wireless internet came in handyThe only thing I did not like about this place is that a pair of my favorite sandals ended up missing. I called the hotel and notified them, but the sandals never turned up.	
Jan 24 2007 	Everything We Needed	My wife and 9 year old son stayed at this Sheraton while in town for the NFC Championship at Soldier Field. Check in was a breeze due to our Starwood status, but there was a looong line of conventioners at the other counter. We were not happy with our initital room (not the best view) and were prompty redirected to the top floor with a great view of the Navy Pier.I was perfectly happy with the location even though I was leaning towards the Westin on Michigan Avenue. The walk to the Magnificant Mile is only a few blocks, as is the walk to the Navy Pier. My wife was happy with the shopping and my son had a blast at IMAX.If you're up to it just about everything is within a 15 minute walk. If not, a $5 cab ride gets you there. Ditka's, ESPZone, Webber Grill were all easy to get to.Note this -- this hotel is essentially a convention hotel so there looks like there is much more traffic than you'll actually experience. The lobby was typically busy, but once you hit the elevator on the &quot;towers&quot; side you hardly noticed. The Club Level Lounge was very nice -- split levels with great views.We'll have no problem staying here again.	
Jan 3 2007 	Beautiful hotel but....	Tried to check into our room at 3:00 p.m. Told it was not ready and to come back in a hour. Went back at 4:30 and was told there was no King size smoking room available., only a handicap room or a room with to 2 double beds. (Which were still not clean!) Told them I booked directly through the hotel and specified a King size smoking and gave them my confirmation number. Hotel clerk stated &quot;We take requests but do not make any guarantees&quot; I told him &quot;I do not want either of those rooms, I want what I reserved. &quot;All he kept saying was &quot;there is nothing he could do&quot; and just stood there stupid! We asked to speak to a manager and (it must have been a X'mas miracle!) because all of a sudden, we had a beautiful king size smoking room, overlooking the river, the city, and the lake, and recieved a $40.00 credit. The hotel itself was beautifully decorated for X'mas. It was in a great location. Walked to Navy Pier, Michigan Ave , John Hancock etc. The hotel is huge and was really crowed with X'mas parties and conventions. but room was very quiet. I would definitly stay there again.	
Jan 1 2007 	LOVE this Hotel!	This is the second time I have stayed at the Sheraton Chicago and LOVED it! The front desk staff went above and beyond to find us a great room and make a last minute room change even though we had booked through hotwire. Our rooms were very large compared to others I have stayed at in Chicago. The rooms were clean, quiet and comfortable. I slept better than I do at home. hehe. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Chicago whether for business or pleasure. My kids (7/8) thought it was fabulous too, primarily for it's convenience to all things fun.	
Nov 22 2006 	Great Location Bathrooms need work	Walking into this hotel I was impressed, huge lobby ornately decorated for the holidays. I used the starwood preferred guest checkin line, which was quick. My room was ready at 1 when I arrived. Went up to the room, and it was large with a couch and looked updated. Had a nice view on the 16th floor. The only lacking part of this hotel is the bathroom, specifically the shower really needed work. The spout was falling out of the wall, and when I took a shower the drain backed up. I called maintenance and they poured some Drano down which seemed to do nothing. If I were staying in this hotel for more than one night I would have requested a different room. For one night it was fine, location was great(right by navy pier &amp; magnificent mile), bell staff was friendly. If you hunt around you can get a great rate, with 1000 bonus starwood points. The one other quirk was the concierge for basics she was great, but when I asked about how long it would take to get to the University of Chicago Medical Center as I had business there, she said between 20-45 mins in a taxi. Not really what you expect from a concierge who is supposed to know the area, but to me that was a minor inconvenience. Overall I recommend the location, if you get a good rate.	
Oct 29 2006 	Some room for improvement	I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for two nights recently and found the hotel to be comfortable but in need of some improvement. Check-in was slow due to there only being two agents at the front desk despite a long line of customers waiting. The agent who checked me in was very friendly and efficient. My room was right on the river and was set up quite efficiently. However, although it was clean it could have used some updating and repair. For example, the air conditioning unit was missing the knobs needed to control the fan and the hot versus cold setting and a few light bulbs were burned out. Internet access was good and the room was quiet. I ordered room service for dinner and the food was quite mediocre and the service somewhat lacking. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom adequate. I was at the hotel for a conference and found that it was difficult to navigate given that the layout for the conference center is confusing and that there are few signs pointing to where the rooms are. The staff tried to be helpful but were apparently not familiar with the layout of the conference rooms. I also found it annoying that there was little organization between the multiple meetings that were running concurrently (i.e. it was not clear whose food was whose and which rooms were for which conferences). Overall, I found this hotel to be good but not great and I think that I would only stay there again if a conference I was attending was being held there.	
Oct 22 2006 	Great location in downtown Chicago	The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is ideally situated in the heart of downtown Chicago. It is within comfortable walking distance of many popular attractions such as the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, Millenium Park and the Art Institute. The hotel is perched on the edge of the Chicago River, and it is very enjoyable to stroll along the well-maintained sidewalks next to the river. My husand and I stayed at the Sheraton in July 2006 for three nights, and four days. Our room was spacious, clean and comfortable. We stayed on the 31st floor overlooking Navy Pier and Lake Michigan. Fabulous view, especially at night when the amusement park lights up. The hairdryer in our room conked out on the first night. I called housekeeping for a replacement and it was brought up to our room within 15 minutes. The room was supplied with bottled water at (if I recall correctly) $4.95/ea. We purchased the exact same bottled water at the Dominick's grocery store just down the street- at 95 cents each! All in all, we had a wonderful experience at the Sheraton, it met our expectations for our mini-getaway in the summer, and we will return to the same hotel for our next stay in Chicago.	
Oct 22 2006 	more business person than tourist!!!!!	Although we felt we were about the only tourists staying here as so many conventions going on,it was no problem at all.Good sized room on 8th floor and best lifts in any hotel we stayed at ,so speedy and efficent!!!!Great location for seeing city and good eating places nearby as well as Navy Pier ,well worth a visit.Have never seen so many taxis in and out of front hotel so quickly thanks to expert staff.	
Oct 16 2006 	Good Location	My wife and I recently spent a night at the Sheraton Towers. The location was great, the room was clean and the decor was fine.Check in was 3PM and checkout was Noon, which was nice given we were there for only one night.If you're looking for a place close to the Pier, this is probably it.	
Oct 6 2006 	Not great	I stayed there for 2 nights recently on a business trip.I would have to agree with the comments posted by others, specifically, that the rooms were in need of makeover. The toilet was small and had hair on the floor and door. Shower curtain smelled bad and bath faucet almost came off the wall when pressing the divert button to switch to shower. Room safe uses a key - yes, that old but at least they provided ironing board and steam iron. Overall, can't say there is any reason why I would choose that hotel again.	
Oct 4 2006 	Enjoyed the Sheraton Hotel 	My husband and I stayed at the Chicago Sheraton Hotel &amp; Towers for 2 nights with the King Tut Package. We arrived at the hotel about 11 am and were able to check into our room early without difficulty. In fact, we were upgraded to a slightly larger room with a river view! The room was nice sized and extremely clean. The bed was wonderful with a very comfy mattress and (multiple) pillows. The bathroom was also a decent size, modern, and clean. The few (mostly minor) complaints about the hotel included...not receiving an advertised package amenity (when asked about upon departure they said it should have been sent to the room, they were sorry, but couldn't do anything about it now), have the newspaper automatically delivered to the room (remember to decline it on arrival or else you pay $0.75 cents per day automatically), and initially being charged more than I booked for...my bill was for $40 more dollars per night than when I booked on line...they changed it for me, but only after I produced a copy of the booking...remember to bring it in case! Overall we enjoyed our stay and loved our room. Just be on your toes with charges and things will be fine!	
Oct 3 2006 	Older conference-type hotel - don't bother!!	This Sheraton has a great location, but is basically a drab convention-style hotel. The rooms were clean but quite dingy, and frankly, musty. Hotel seriously needs a refurbishment. And for such a huge facility, it doesn't even have a gift shop! it's not exactly bargain-priced for the level of service you get....Wouldn't recommend this hotel unless you really just can't find anything else.	
Sep 24 2006 	Good downtown Chicago hotel	Busy bustling conference hotel. Location on the river and two blocks from Michigan Ave. is great.Rooms are average size. Beds are super---with 5 pillows and a huge comforter.They charge for use of fitness center which includes the pool. Parking is reasonable for Chicago.	
Sep 22 2006 	A great experience	Newcastle upon Tyne, EnglandArrived at the hotel to find there was a problem with our rooms and we had been booked into another accommodation for one night. A big disappointment for us?.........not at all! The Sheraton could not have done more to make up for this minor inconvenience. Our taxi fares were paid to take us to a 5* hotel where we stayed the night free of charge (we were not charged at all for the first night of our stay). On returning to the hotel we were upgraded to Tower rooms, with breakfast included. When we got to our rooms, a presentation basket of complimentary &quot;goodies&quot; and an apology were waiting for us. Things can go wrong from time to time but it is how they are dealt with that matters. Full marks to the Sheraton. All the staff were friendly and very helpful, especially Divya on the reception desk. The hotel is well situated and within easy walking distance of Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue and the Old Town area. A must see whilst in Chicago is Tony and Tina's Wedding, the concierge was very helful in getting tickets for us. I can recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 18 2006 	Great looking bad sleeping	We stayed at this hotel for a conference. The lobby and the conference areas were immaculate. The restaurants (one of which was Shula's Steakhouse) and bars were great. The saff was exteremely helpful. The rooms left a lot to be desired...Our nonsmoking room smelled of smoke. The A/C system was ancient and tempermental, and the bathroom was old and in need of a makeover. It was surprising to see since the physical plant was so nice. We would choose, however, to stay elsewhere. Espcially for the money we paid.	
Sep 12 2006	Pretty Good: what you'd expect	For the class and type of hotel: this is good but not excellent. It's a pretty vast hotel. On my visit the first room I checked into was dark and looked onto a huge ventilation system (couple of yards away). I then asked to be moved, and was given a room which had not been cleaned or touched since the previous occupier. (Rubbish left on the floor, bed unmade etc. etc. ) Finally got a reasonable corner room with a view. It was comfortable, though dated. I was there for a conference so didn't make full use of the leisure/ restautant faciltlies, however appeared ok. Great location (nr. Michigan Ave/ Navy Pier). I would stay again, however, think the Hyatt Regency (on Whacker Drive - 2 mins away) has more of a buzz, and a better bar.	
Sep 7 2006 	Great view	Stayed at the Sheraton for our first anniversary. We requested a room with a great city view--and we sure got one, on the 26th floor! I could have looked out that window at those pretty lights all night long--it was beautiful.The staff was very kind and helpful as well. The hotel hosts a nice little bar called &quot;Chi Bar&quot;--where the drinks and atmosphere were very nice--we got to lounge on a plush sofa overlooking the river, but the drinks were also a little overpriced (which we expected).What we did not expect however, were all the little added bonuses that we could not partake in because of the extra fees--for example, bottled water in the room cost $5, listening to some music via the television was $10, and taking a dip in the pool or lifting some weights required a &quot;health club&quot; entrance fee of $12 for a day (these things have usually been free at other hotels I have stayed in). I was dissapointed in all of these extra fees, and although they are understandable--in all honesty, I would have rather had ten extra bucks tacked on to my room cost to begin with, and then received two large &quot;complimentary&quot; bottles of water in the room, then to feel like everything around me cost more money!We had a great stay, and I would go back for the view--but I would probably check out some more &quot;inclusive&quot; city hotels first.	
Sep 7 2006 	Over Rated!	Arriving to the Hotel I could see the valet/ bell hop group hanging out around waiting for cars you'd think. Nope they told me I have to go park my own car in the self-parking garage. Great! I have my pregnant wife with me who can't carry any luggage. After find a place to park and hauling my luggage all the way up to the lobby we checked in.Room service is a joke. We ordered desert which cost $8.00. Final total was $14.00 with everything else they tack on there. Wow! $14.00 for 4&quot; diameter desert that stood an inch tall. Desert was OK but not anywhere worth the $14.00 plus tip.Shula's Restaurant is way, way over priced and food is OK. For great food you need to go to Mike Ditka's restaurant. Now that's Great Food! Prices there isn't bad either, for Chicago.Sheraton breakfast buffet is way expensive. $19.00 buffet will get you slim pickings at the buffet. There is a chef there though that makes you breakfast. So you have to wait in line with everyone else for fresh Hot food. Most of the food on the steam table was cold. That's if the food was available. Staff doesn't keep the buffet fresh and up to par.	
Aug 31 2006 	very nice but they take you for everything they can get when it comes to extras	We booked our stay on priceline.This is our second time to this nice hotel. It's located in a nice spot but bring what you need or it could get expensive.We brought water with us, because the water in your room is $4.95 p/bottle. We had a couple drinks in the lounge and it was $7.75 per rum and coke.These were not tall drinks. A draft beer cost $4.45. COme one.I know it's Chicago but why rip people off like this. We drank in our room the rest of the night .The ice machine was inoperable on our floor so we called for ice. The lady at front desk said to walk to another floor. She also said she was not aware of this problem.No thank yous for calling.So I called back to the front desk and asked for an ice bucket to be delivered to our room. (Afterall, I paid good money for this room and why should I have to walk the halls of another floor with an ice bucket.)She was nice and said sure. Long story short....We never got ice. If this is an upper scale hotel, then hold your employees to a higher standard and be consistent.	
Aug 30 2006 	A great stay at the Sheraton Towers!	We had a great stay at the Sheraton Towers. When I called to reserve our room, I requested an early check-in and a tower room. We received both! Our room was clean and quiet and the kids loved being on the 31st floor. We had a beautiful view of the lake and the river. The pool was very large but the water was a bit cold. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 25 2006 	Great Hotel Great Customer Service	Having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website, I arrived tired from Ireland, to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night, but did have rooms for the rest of the week. They booked me in to another (not as nice) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation. On my return to the hotel next day, I was upgraded to the Club level. What really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake...unprompted. Of course, the hotel itself (particularly on the 32nd floor) is excellent. I will definitely be back.	
Aug 16 2006 	Plain vanilla ho-hum	Average (and exceedingly boring!) in almost all respects except the great location.	
Aug 10 2006	Over-priced 	Bottomline, this hotel is over-priced and over-rated. Staff is mildly competent to completely incompetent. Avoid it if you can. There's a nice embassy suites a block away. Here are three examples of the under-whelming service I received during my last stay ... Housekeeping standards are LACKING. Servicing my room on Sunday morning consisted of placing new towels in my bathroom ... that was it ... not even collecting the old ones. Some of the towels were thread-bare! Not to mention that my bed was not made up, coffee not replaced, toilet paper not added, glasses unwashed, food servce trays not removed, etc., etc. Though they did manage to help themselves to the $5 tip I had left. Here's another example ... staff bothered me THREE times prior to noon check-out on Monday, beginning at 8:30 am, asking when I would be out so they could clean the room. I was trying to work; I had the do-not-disturb card on the door. Were they waiting for me? Staff watched tv in other guest rooms and yelled their gossip up &amp; down the halls. Wonderful. An environment conducive to work &amp; sleep. And another ... I paid for wireless, did not get access, and no one, not anyone, could tell me what to do or who to call. The business comp'ed me for a whole ten minutes of internet time, after I wasted more than 30 minutes trying to get an answer from staff. Great. That really made up for it, not to mention my time. I ended up going to MacDonalds to use WiFi. Summary ... I am a gold preferred member, and I got no special treatment (ie, my preferences for king &amp; foam, for instance, completely ignored, nor did I get an upgrade, nor did I get a late checkout -- all standard for gold). I'm not quite sure what has been happening with the standards for Sheraton/Westin, but this has been a consistent problem with Sheraton's across the country this year ... and I've traveled to many of them. This is the last time I will even bother ... I'll be checking into Marriott's and Hyatt's from now on.	
Aug 9 2006 	mega-hotel but stil nice and very clean	we checked into the Sheraton after staying at Hotel Burnham, boy what a difference in culture. Stayed 8/3-8/5 in rm 1131Pros-1.close to Navy Pier, Fox and Obel, the Chicago River namely the CAF River tour &amp; Tall Ships, and the Mag Mile2.extremely comfortable beds, spacious roomcons-1.Concierge could never be reached via telephone and one phone was broke2.very large hotel, it was difficult to navigate at times (and I say this after staying at many of the mega hotels of Vegas)3.internet access costs 30 cents a minute with a minimum of 5 minutes.4.have to pay extra to use the gymTips- go to the West Egg Café for breakfast, it was fantastic! If you need close nightlife, the Big Bar at the Hyatt Regency(across the River) was very fun. They have 48oz martini's!	
Aug 7 2006 	Overpriced and Not Very Nice!	Although most big city hotels are expensive, this hotel is way overpriced for what you get. $300/night? Please. The only way you can justify paying that is if you are a corporate dink traveling on the company time. There were quit a few of them in the hotel, including one self-important dink who talked on his cell-phone at the check-in desk, holding up the line. I bet there wasn't even anyone else on the other end!Two of the four elevators were broken during our three night stay, which made it take forever to get up to our room. The room was mediocre at best. Strictly average in size and decor and it didn't even include a fridge or safe. However, you can bet it included the minibar stocked with overpriced items. At least the beds were comfortable.The rooms weren't especially quiet. If there were people in the hall or kids running up and down, you could hear them as if they were in your room. You could easily hear it when people next door or upstairs took showers. To make matters worse, the service was slow, from checking (a huge line) to getting basic stuff like toilet paper delievered to the room (three calls). Finally, the icing on the cake was the 6:00am wake-up call I didn't order, but got! Overall, if you do a bit of searching, you can find both a nicer and a cheaper place. Also, don't expect anything to be complementary with your room. One reviewer said that you had to pay to use the work-out room. I don't know if that is the case, since I didn't use it. Also, I read the fine-print on the hotel key-card holder and apparently, if you don't walk the USA Today back down to the front desk they deliver to your room each morning, they bill your account for an extra $0.75! Give me a break!	
Aug 4 2006 	Sheraton OK - Lots of Kids	My husband and I recently went to Chicago for the weekend for Venetian Night , and stayed at the Sheraton. We typically stay at the Westin properties, so the Sheraton was a new adenture.The lobby is nice, and the hotel is quite large, and was quite packed when we cheked in on Friday night. Despite this, check in went relativley smoothly, and we were given a Club Floor room on the 31st floor.Our room was nothing special, but fine for our purposes. We were on the South side of the hotel, and did have a great view of the Chicago River, and (between high-rises) Monroe St. Harbor and beyond it the Adler Planetarium.The club fllor lounge was nice, and had nicer offerings than many Sheratons. It was also open all weekend, which was nice, as many close on the weekends.On Firday night at 7pm we only had to wait about 5 minutes to get a cab at the hotel - as a former Chicagoan, I think that was pretty good time!Valet and in-and-out priveldges at the garage worked well.The Sheraton is probably the closest hotel to Navy Pier, and is convenient to the beach and Michigan Avenue. It is also not too far from Millennium Park, given its location on the River.My only complaint is not with the Sheraton, but with its guests. As you would expect with its proximity to Navy Pier, there were lots of children at the hotel - many of whose parents let them run unattended throughout the lobby, elevator banks, and even the Club Room. In fact, when we arrived at the hotel and got off at the 31st floor, we found ourselves in the middle of 3 brothers playing pick-up baseball (with a Cubs' souvenir) in the elevator bank. I was almost hit with a pitch!There are finer hotels in Chicago, but the Sheraton fit our needs for the weekend. However, if you dont like lots (and I mean LOTS) of children around 24/7, this may not be the place for you...	
Jul 27 2006	Sheraton Chicago - Bad stay....again	Stayed in April for two nights. I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year. As far as I'm concerned, that's two strikes and I won't give them a chance at # three. Doormen wouldn't help on arrival, huge line at c/i, lousy room, malfunctioning remote, unresponsive staff, and incorrect bill. If you want to be close to Michigan Ave, try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems. I don't understand why certain places never improve. Is it that tough to properly train a staff?	
Jul 21 2006 	Pleasantly surprised with the Sheraton	My mother and I stayed at this hotel from July 14, 2006 - July 16, 2006 for a King Tut exhibit at the Field Museam.Let me get my complaints out of the way... The hotel was packed, and it is a huge hotel-so that meant a TON of people! It is a convention goers hotel mostly it seemed, as just about everyone we saw was in for a Pampered Chef convention. Honestly, these women were so loud and obnoxious, it put a damper on our stay. And they crowded the hotel no matter where you went! This may not be the hotels fault, but the size of it does draw large crowds of whatever convention is being hosted there. Just something to keep in mind. My other complaint is about the Shula's Steakhouse in the hotel. Yes, they are expensive and we were OK with that. We have been to Shula's all over the US. We enjoy the food. But the service at this location was horrible. They were exteremly snobby and obviously felt we were not spending enough money to warrant adequate service. I defintely recommend steering clear of this place! Now for the positives. LOCATION! The hotel is right on the river and in walking distance to the train station, Michigan Avenue, Clark Street, Navy Pier and the lake front. The service I thought was above average and have no complaints. We had a suite that we got for a good deal, and it was also above average. We had two adjoing rooms that gave us plenty of space. There is a restaruant on the bottom floor of the hotel, Chicago Burger Company, which we both loved and it was about 1/10 of the price of Shula's. We enjoyed beer and burgers on the riverfront outside. Very nice.Overall, I was pleasantly surpirsed with this hotel. We always stay in the Starwood brand hotels, and this is on the low end. However it did not seem that way, we were pleased with just about everything. I would recommend this hotel for those without kids. Otherwise it i just too big and not quite as personal as you may like. Any questions, please let me know....	
Jul 20 2006	Very average Chicago mega-hotel	My twelve-year-old son's church group stayed at the Sheraton the first weekend of May, 2006. I made none of the arrangements but just went along as a parent chaperone. The lobby is indeed very nice and large, but our room was totally average (maybe even below average). Very drab brown decor, small bathroom, nothing particularly nice. Check in was horrible and slow (and we were checking in late at night when there was no line!). No one seemed very interested in getting us all checked in when our leader was not yet with us. Good location, but not the best I've stayed at. And as one other reviewer said, why stay here when there are so many wonderful hotels in Chicago? I agree!	
Jul 7 2006	Good Stay at Big Impersonal Hotel	Yes, this is a large and somewhat impersonal hotel – with thousands of guests running around you may not feel so relaxed nor noticed by the staff. And yes, Chicago is a very expensive place to stay – especially in prime locations like this. That being said, we had a good stay here. The location is great (2 blocks from Wrigley Building) – the Mag Mile is a very close walk as is Navy Pier. The Art Institute is probably about 15-20 minutes walking, depending on your walking speed. The rooms were nice and about what you’d expect for the standard, and the beds were comfy and my wife really liked the love seat in the room. The service was a bit mixed for us. The person who checked us in was fantastic and very professional and friendly. However, we needed some toilet paper – and noticed there was no “housekeeping” button on the phone and no apparent direct line to reception and had to wait awhile for the call to be answered (similar wait when we called to confirm our reservations – don’t like waiting on hold calling long distance). Anyway, when the guy finally got there with the TP, he practically threw the toilet paper at me. It may be noteworthy to say that there seems to be a lot of parties there on weekends (weddings and bachelor/ette parties). There were drunken women from a bachelorette party in the elevator at 11am when we arrived – maybe a plus for some guys. The other wing on our floor seemed awful loud and the guy across the hall played loud music – but we could not hear this. I heard a couple words from the adjacent room (with adjoining door) but basically could no hear them. Overall, a comfy room and great location – good stay for us!	
Jul 5 2006	great location	I stayed here with my husband and two children ages 5 and 7. I had had a little trouble getting my reservation confirmed but after we got there and checked in everything went well. I got a great rate, $159 per night. We used the self parking across the street wich added $25 per day. Staff was helpful and nice. Room was a little small but had a nice view. We were able to walk to many of the places we wanted to see. Navy pier, Millenium Park, and the Ohio St. beach. After reading other reviews on this site I was a little worried about the availability and cost of food in the area. We brought a small cooler along to keep snacks and drinks in and there is a grocery store right across the street where we replenished our supply. Also used this to just have cereal for breakfast which saved a lot of hassle. PJ Clarks, also right across the street was a good place for a family to get a simple dinner at a reasonable price. The best part of the trip for the kids was the beach. It was a short walk and when we arrived at noon we doubled the number of people using the beach. Even by 3:00 when we left it was not crowded. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 5 2006	Not the best choice you could make in fabulous Chicago...	Extremely mediocre both in amenities and overall standards. Lobby is attractive as is the fairly new cocktail lounge. You will get nickled and dimed for everything though, including the fitness centre (which is sadly inadequate to boot). The steak house on the premises is quite ridiculous and a complete anachronism. I can only assume that they are unable to get rid of it. The only reason to stay here is the location if you want to be able to access the waterfront quickly and easily. Otherwise, with the plethora of hotels in downtown Chicago in roughly the same price range, why bother?	
Jun 27 2006	Okay...wouldn't stay again	My first night in Chicago I stayed at a hotel right on Michigan Avenue, paid about $100 more, but should have stayed there for both nights. Hind sight...This hotel is very close to the water and a aonly about 2 blocks from Navy Pier. If you are going for the Mag Mile, you can walk but wear good shoes...it is a little ways. Field museum area will take you a good 45 minutes to walk, but it can be done. Fairly centralized location. Parking was just under $20, but I saw an outdoor lot for cheaper and then some side street parking (if you dare.)Took a little bit to check in, and the desk forgot to give me back my credit card. I also forgot and had to go down later to get it. Took them about 25 minutes to get coordinated and figure out who might have it, but I got it back finally.The room was nice, we had a great view of the streets below and the water. The bed was very comfy and the room was fairly large...had a small couch and chair with coffee table and the bathroom was nicely appointed. We had been upgraded to a deluxe king room.I am afraid that is where the nicities end. There is relatively little soundproofing and the people next door must have had 6 people in their room. Someone was talking very loudly on a cell phone in the hallway which was easy to hear and the kids next door woke us up at 7:30. Not really a nice time to wake up when you have been out late the night before!The shower had lukewarm water at best and when we went to check out the line was horrendous. I wanted to bypass the speedy check out since I wanted to tell someone about the shower. I did receive a few extra promise points on my account, but that was not enough to make me want to stay there again. There are so many other hotels in the city, and although this one was pretty and fairly centrally located, I would rather pay a little bit more and have service, quiet, and a hot shower.	
Jun 8 2006	Reasonable accommodations for a relatively fair rate	Spent two nights here on a weekend getaway in late October 2005. Overall, I was very pleased with this property. Even on a busy night at check in, I was given a number of different options for rooms, with my request for an upper floor actually acknowledged (something that is increasingly rare, it seems). Problems with the room (like water on the floor from the toilet) were acknowledged and resolved promptly, with management following up to ensure everything was completed to my satisfaction as part of the &quot;Sheraton Promise&quot;, which was carefully and dutifully explained to me at check in. The property's response to and handling of my complaints earn this hotel its above average final rating. The room was nicely appointed and matched my expectations for this type of property in its location. You will get nickeled and dimed on the extras, but, then again, given the location, you should expect that going in and not be surprised when it happens. I would consider staying here again, but will stay at other downtown properties first before settling on a hotel with which to book other return visits to the Windy City.	
May 30 2006 	MIght As Well Charge Me to Shower Too...	Are you kidding me? These guys should be charged with highway robbery! I paid $250 per night (four night stay) and then they had the gall to charge me an additional $11 per day for internet service (come on - even Motel 6 has free hi-speed internet) and $25 per day for a micro-fridge to keep my diabetic medicine cold (there is a charge for just looking in the bar fridge)! Unbelievable! Listen, if I am spending $250 per night, I expect at least the aminities that I receive at your average $50 motel in Podunk, USA. The Sheraton should be EMBARRASSED with themselves! Not only will I never stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers, I will never stay at a Sheraton ANYWHERE thanks to this experience. Definitely will be going with Hilton, Marriott, etc...and so should you...	
May 17 2006 	Customer Service Lacking	We stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers in late April and have stayed there several times over the last six years for business travel. In the past the customer service was quite good and the staff very attentive to detail. In the past,it appeared that the hotel prided itself on customer service and was very responsive to any issues or problems. That appears to be a thing of the past.The hotel's internet service was nonexistent during our three day stay and repeated requests to the hotel staff brought no response. Business travelers relying on the hotel's internet connection may be out of luck. The telephone in the room did not work and again the staff was nonresponsive to requests to have it replaced or repaired. The room was not clean and we found trash from prior guests under the beds.Although we wrote a letter outlining these issues to the hotel General Manager there has been no reply which matches up with the nonexistent customer service during our stay.	
May 12 2006	Wonderful hotel in great location	This hotel is ideally situated allowing quick visits to many hot spots during a recent stay during a business convention. I was able to go to meetings, seminars and still catch an exhibit or two at the Field Museum. The staff, especially the concierge were exceptional. The rooms were large, clean and ready for early check in. I had wonderful meals in the restaurant and room service was prompt. I would recommend this hotel highly.	
May 7 2006	Big but efficent	This big hotel was extremely efficent. Every single employee had a positive can do attitude. The rooms seem small, but very comfortable. Some floors ar undergoing a renevation already and this hotel was built in the 90's. The Sheraton signature sleepers bed was fabulous. The room was spotless. The only thing that could be annoying is when you are in your room you can hear people opening and closing their doors constantly. But we did sleep well. Execellent location to Navy Pier, North Michigan Ave, and River North Area. If you get a good price stary there!	
May 5 2006	Horrible Customer Service	The stay at the hotel was fine. The room was nice and the location was perfect. I received a $465 bill from the hotel bar that wasn't mine. They said it would be taken care before it was charged to me. A week later, I'm still battling with accounting. They have not taken care of the problem. I've been transferred from department to department. The customer service has been terrible. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Apr 16 2006	Good hotel good loacation - watch out for extra charges	My wife, son and I spent three nights in the Chicago Sheraton Hotel and Towers in April 2006. We were able to get a good “on-line” price ($99.00 per night). Regular price is $259 per night. Although the room rate was good, additional “extras” can drive the overall cost much higher. Valet parking was $41 per night and the hotel wanted to charge $25 per night for a roll-away bed (we were able to have this charge dropped). Beware of the bottled water in the room – it will cost you $4.00. Use of the ‘smallish” swimming pool was complimentary, but use of the gym will set you back $20 a day. Internet access is $11.00 per day.Our room, on the 22nd floor, was large (for two adults and one teenager) clean and comfortable, but certainly not in the “luxury&quot; category. The bathroom was small and there was no separate shower. There was also a noticeable lack of electrical outlets. We needed to unplug lamps to accommodate the, now, standard array of devices we carry (iPods, multiple cell phone and digital camera battery chargers, PC, and CPAP machine). There was no microwave and the bar refrigerator did not function in our room. There was a coffer machine, but if you usually drink Starbuck's, you won’t be enjoying what brews up in the morning. The room was beginning to show its age – chipped bathroom tiles, loose bath/shower controls, scratched furniture, etc. We did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants.The hotel is within walking distance of the “L” and there is a good variety of restaurants and shopping nearby. There is a Walgreen’s right across the street - we used it for snacks and drinks. Starbuck’s is a five minute walk and we became “regulars” quickly.We were in Chicago for a week of baseball. The hotel is conveniently located in the “neutral zone” halfway between Wrigley Field and New Cominski (U.S. Cellular) Field. We used the “L” to go to both stadiums.All-in-all, if you can get a good rate, while avoiding the very expensive extras, the Chicago Sheraton Hotel and Towers is a good hotel in a convenient location. We will stay there again - if we can get a very good rate.	
Apr 2 2006 	Great Location Fair Price	my wife and I spent 3 days in Chicago, and found the location of the Sheraton really good. There is a movie theatre, liquor store and Walgreens close by. Shopping is walkable, as well as Navy Pier. The hotel was clean, with friendly staff and good food. Overall, we found the experience very positive, and would stay here again.	
Mar 19 2006	Great Location!	Getting A Deal: We wanted to stay near the Magnificent Mile at a 4-star Chicago hotel March 16-19 so the Friday before we made a bid on Priceline for $125 and they accepted our bid. (We tried a lower rate earlier in the week and it was denied.) Once our bid was accepted I went on Sheratons website and applied to be a gold club member. (Free). At check-in I gave my member# and was given room# 2902. Getting out of the elevator I noticed a plaque saying &quot;Starwood Gold Club&quot; so this must be the floor for all the members who did not pay full-price (almost $500/night) for the towers, but better than the cheapie lower-floor rooms saved for non-members. From reading other opinions on Tripadvisor and other sites it seems that some rooms in this hotel are awful and others are glorious. (All of the complaints must be from rooms on the lower floors. I wish the complainers would give their room number so that we don't get banished there!) Within the hotel are two sets of elevators. The first accomodates the lower floors. The other the higher floors. The club level is on the 33rd floor. Everyone we spoke to on the elevator was enjoying their stay, no complaints. We even explored around the towers and found out there is a reception room with free bagels and coffee for Towers guests. There is a steep cost for guests staying on the lower floors. Our room was above average. It was a King bed, a nice desk, couch, coffee table, chair and good size tv. Our room was about 200 square feet with 5 tall windows. We were on a corner so we could see Navy Pier and the ferris wheel that lights up at night. The weekend we were there they had a St. Patricks Day celebration and we could see clearly about 10 minutes worth of fireworks coming from Navy Pier. Our room was decorated well, mostly neutral walls with one feature wall that was chocolate brown to offset the cream-colored headboard. The closet was small but the bathroom was a good size, up-to-date and in good repair. It included one robe. Everything seemed clean.  Caution: Housekeeping is friendly but slow to fill requests. Valet can also be slow due to the amount of people all checking out at the same time. Extra's: Valet was $36 per night. The pool is free.Gym: $12 per visit or $20 for the entire stay. The hotel was not very busy, it didn't seem crowded with business-people but the gym was very busy. Less than 15 machines total (5 treadmills, which fill up fast! 4 stairsteppers, a few bikes, weights, weight machine. It has a nice view of the river, but we got there before 8am and I had to wait about 10 minutes for a treadmill. Breakfast by room service is $19.75 per person for 2 eggs, a breakfast meat, bread, juice and beverage. Advice: Walk across the street to Walgreens for your snacks. Or, walk a couple blocks (out the front of the hotel, down the hill and turn right. You'll see it down a couple blocks on the right side) to FOX AND OBEL. They have wonderful chocolate croissants, muffins, full breakfasts and they are a grocery store, too! They also have a wine section, a fromagge (cheese) a deli, too. So, you can pick up the ingredients for a picnic or just buy the meal! Great selection, unique items, lots of items from around the world. We enjoyed the comfort of the Sweet Sleeper beds. The linens were soft. The bed was not so squishy that you cannot get up again, it is a little firm, but soft. The hotel is within WALKING DISTANCE to Navy Pier (they have the IMAX theater, lots of shops and a large ferris wheel that gives a great view of the city and water. It was a little scary for my husband who hates heights but loves me. I thought it was great fun!) Also near the hotel is the Magnificent Mile (which truly is Magnificent with Chanel, Gucci, La Perla, Pottery Barn, Marshall Fields, Nordstroms, Ann Taylor, the Disney Store, Tiffanys and much, much more!) Across the street from the Sheraton is the AMC movie theater. Also about 6 blocks or so away are 2 fabulous restaurants: Joe's (at the corner of Grand and Rush) known for their Stone Crab and Steaks. Decorated like old Hollywood with a glamerous dining area. All the waiters wear tuxedos! A romantic atmospere with excellent food and service. Also near the hotel is Rosebuds on Rush. It is an Italian restaurant with homemade dishes in an intimate atmosphere. It is related to the other Rosebud's in Chicago and another sister restaurant is Carmines. All delicious. All in all, we had an above-average experience at the Sheraton. We felt we did get a good value, it is in a prime location and the staff is friendly. We would stay here again.	
Mar 3 2006	Comfortable and Safe	Went to Chicago for shopping, touring and to see shows with friends and enjoyed our stay at Sheraton Towers. Room was comfortable with a great view of the navy pier. Bed, linens and pillows were above average and hotel was very clean. We came in late every night and felt very safe in that location. Front desk and concierge were helpful. Two of my friends used the pool and said there were a lot of kids in it, but it was nice. I would definitely stay there again. Hit Carmine's or Hugo's Frog Bar for dinner!	
Feb 15 2006	Super Hotel..Stayed on our Golden Wedding.Going again next year	Stayed last September to celebrate our Golden Wedding..Super position.Excellent views over Chicago River..Going again next year.	
Feb 5 2006	Good Location-Average Hotel	I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago last weekend for one night. I've stayed at many Sheraton properties around the world and this is definitely not one of their better hotels. The location is good, the lobby and common areas are very nice. I was given a &quot;newly renovated&quot; room on the 20th floor. The room smelled of smoke-even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room. The bathroom was not very clean with mold and grime around the bathtub and a rusty ceiling fan. Otherwise it was just O.K. A three star hotel at best, but not what I expected from a Sheraton.	
Jan 26 2006	Terrible Stay - Never again	Just got back from a one night stay at the Sheraton...Never again!! I'm a Starwood Gold Card holder, in this hotel, they gave me an awful, really small room that stunk of clorine as soon as you opened the door. I dumped my bags and left to do a little shopping. When I came back went to the bathroom, lifted the toilet seat, and it hadn't even been flushed from the previous occupant. Phoned down to complain...they did nothing!! They apologized and said they would let housekeeping know so it wouldn't happen again...Hello??? That doesn't help me very much. Then to top things off, at 5:15 am the newspaper person is delivering and just chucking the paper at the doors... you could here them coming down the hall, thunk, thunk, thunk just getting loader. You could even see the papers all down the hallway in the morning, just thrown all over the place.I've been to Chicago on business at least 30 times, never again will I stay at this property.	
Jan 18 2006	Great location	Stayed here for a long MLK weekend for a bargain through priceline. Located really close to the Magnificent Mile and downtown is a short walk across the river. There is a redline station just a short walk away also, so the whole of Chicago is readily accessible. I was allowed to check in at 11am, a few hours before was stated. I would definitely stay here because of its great location and the reasonable rates that you can get.	
Jan 15 2006	Not bad but much prefer the Omni Suites downtown	We took the train and stayed at the Sheraton Towers just before Christmas. We love Chicago and I've previously had great experience with Sheratons (the one in Toronto is a favorite destination) I guess I was just expecting more for the price. It's convenient to some areas - we walked to Navy Pier. Our room was quite small and cramped but the beds were fantastic. There was no complimentary breakfast but a nice area off the lobby that offered hot beverages and cookies. That was a huge hit with our two 17 year olds. The staff was very helpful and well informed and check-in/check-out was a breeze. We had to wait FOREVER for some elevators due to a busy conference weekend. It seemed like everything had additional surcharges which was disappointing for a hotel of this supposed caliber. Our son was told by staff not only could he NOT use the workout facilities without paying (not unusual) but he could NOT use the swimming pool either!?! Although I would not discourage people from staying there, I feel there are much better choices. We LOVED the Omni Suites that we stayed at last Christmas and I'd certainly rate that above the Sheraton.	
Jan 15 2006	ok but wouldn't stay here again	we were given king size order and confirmation, then slept in a queen size room. my husband didn't want to squabble. the shower was a disappointment, simply a tub with a shower head. it was ok... but, i guess i expected more. the bed was very nice but again, i expected more, i thought it was to be a feather bed, i could be mistaken. the pillows were awesome.most of all, we should have been warned it was a weekend for children's dance competitions. what does that mean? it means hundreds/thousands of children running around screaming, mothers in the hallways. the lobby was filled with children as well as the restaurant and elevator. all would have been fine and well if we'd been warned, we were on a 'romantic' getaway and did not appreciate this. in addition, the rooms are not quiet next to and across from you. always noise.. showers, screaming, slamming, thumping. hmm. just expected more. i guess i feel let down. i can say when i called to have a light bulb replaced housekeeping was up in minutes.	
Jan 15 2006 	Very nice stay some room for improvement	My two night stay at the Sheraton Chicago Towers was very nice and I would stay here again. The location is quite good, two blocks from Michigan Ave, 15 minute walk to Navy Pier, one block from a mall with movies and bowling and restaurants, etc. In winter it's not a great location, but in warmer weather it should be excellent.The reception staff is friendly and efficient. I was upgraded to a premium room given my SPG status. The room was fairly decent with a sofa and generous amount of space, but a couple of problems did exist. It took about 10 minutes for the shower to get hot water. The safe uses a key (I haven't seen this in years, not even in developing countries) and is too small for a laptop. Otherwise the view was great and the bed was a super sleeper and excellent.I didn't try the restaurants, but the lounge on the top floor is actually free, despite getting a slip of paper stating I would be charge $14 for a visit. The staff said this was only for records and only charges you the tip. Made no sense to me, but I didn't argue.The gym charges $10 a day, or $15 for the whole stay and is nice with plenty of treadmills and a nice pool. I actually never saw the charge on my bill.All in all, I liked the hotel, but would recommend you buy your water for $2 in the gift shop rather than pay $5 for the bottle in your room.	
Dec 27 2005 	Enjoyed My Stay	Location - Great, 5 minute walk to Michigan. My room had a lake and city view. $100/night was a good price (Priceline). Parking was my main concern, very limited parking and their was contruction which limited access to the hotel.Overall I enjoyed my stay, the location was ideal and I am looking forward to my next visit.	
Nov 17 2005 	Not bad considering it's Chicago	First, let me say that I HATE CHICAGO! After my recent trip, I never want to go back. However, the Sheraton wasn't a bad place. I had a handicap king room on the 15th floor that was clean and a little bit smaller than average size. The hotel registration desk was pleasant during check-in, however we did have a problem later in our stay when my girlfriend's key card got erased and they wouldn't let her in the room because her name wasn't on the reservation. Their &quot;sorry, that's our policy&quot; attitude was the only bad experience I had from the hotel staff. The concierge (Maria) was very helpful in booking a river boat tour and the housekeeping staff was also nice, so I can't say it's a general attitude problem in the hotel. The conference rooms are small and dark, so compared to a Gaylord Palms these conference facilities really suck. The valet parking with basement pick-up is below standard. The hotel catering that provided meals during the conference ranged from average to really good. Some of our friends ate in the Shula's restaurant inside the hotel and said the food was expensive ($65 for a steak), took a long time and was not that good. We ate breakfast inside the restaurant that is located one floor below the lobby level and the breakfast buffet was excellent. The location for the hotel is good, within walking distance of the Magnificant Mile shopping and the Loop area. There is also a movie theatre and bowling/billiards place across the street, although I would avoid the bowling because of all the problems we had. Also the Walgreens across the street and Fox and Obel's supermarket are nearby. If you have to go to Chicago, this isn't the worst place. It doesn't compare to a true resort/conference hotel, but it's better than a generic Days Inn near a highway. However, based on my other experiences outside of the hotel, CHICAGO [--]! It's too bad it can't burn down again!	
Nov 15 2005	Sheraton Delivered	Picked up a room last-minute through Priceline. Paid $77/night (plus tax) about half retail. Front desk personnel were courteous and professional...they even asked for our room preference. Not being familiar with the hotel we asked them to place us in whichever room they thought we'd like best. The young lady (Sandra) recommended a river view room on the 26th floor. We were very pleased with the room. It was clean and apparently recently remodeled (not very big though). The shower had excellent water pressure with plenty of hot water. The king size bed was out of this world; we had to check the tag. It was a Simmons Beauty Rest Pillow Top. It was like sleeping on a cloud. I recommend you bring your own refreshments to keep in the room. Mini-bar prices are outrageous but to be expected.Park in the parking facility just to the east of the hotel (East River Drive) and save yourself about $15/day.Hotel is excellently located for both Michigan Avenue and State Street shopping. Both are within walking distance. State Street's a little further though, about five city blocks.Feeling generous...bring a pocket full of single's for the street begger's. Went through about $20 in singles in two days walking along both State and Michigan.Overall good experience, we would definitely stay there again.Oh yeah, and if you like fall-off-the-bone BBQ ribs, Twin Anchors at 1655 North Sedgwick (Old Town) fills the bill. $19.95 full slab.	
Oct 30 2005	Firmly Average (C+) : Good Points and Bad	My fiancee and I live in Chicago, but occasionally head to a downtown hotel for a night away.For fun and to get a vastly better price, we use one of the main discount services - Priceline or Hotwire.This time around, I was fooling around with Priceline, attempting to see if I could get anything for the following day for a very cheap price. Saturday checkins with Priceline in downtown Chicago are usually a problem.......but not this time. I gave Priceline a shot for $66 for a 4 star and it came back with the Sheraton. $66 is not only a vast savings over the hotel's regular rate, but it's substancially cheaper than the worst hotels in downtown Chicago.The Sheraton is in a wonderful area, just a few blocks from Navy Pier, a few blocks from Michigan Ave and not that far of a walk from downtown. Fox and Obel, a wonderful grocery store, is also a block or two away.Despite the low prices that I've gotten for hotels, I go in asking things like, &quot;how would I feel had I paid full price?&quot; Things started off fine enough. Check-in was going slowly (I've visited different chain hotels in the city and I've seen check-in go faster and the staff was still welcoming.), but thankfully, there weren't many people in line and there were plenty of staff checking in.The person who checked us in was very nice and, unlike some other hotels, not only was priceline not mentioned (at some hotels, those who make cheap Priceline reservations are made to feel second class), the staff member told us about how they want every guest to be treated well and if there were any problems, to call them.I was going to try to see if I could pay for an upgrade, but didn't really have an &quot;in&quot; in the conversation. When I saw that we had a room on the 25th floor, I didn't really make an issue of it, as I figured we were far up anyway.We walked through the lobby, which was quite lovely, and went up to the floor. When we arrived, the door had been unlocked by the maid staff, who looked as if they'd just finished cleaning it (the cart was in front of the room). So, that wasn't too pleasing, and there were still also what appeared to be some breakfast room service plates (in one case, while I admittedly didn't see what the dish looked like before it was eaten, the remains didn't look too good) in the hall.The room itself, however, was pretty nice. It appeared clean, with no noticable dents in furniture or other concerns. There appeared to be some light wear (not dirt, but just wear/tear) to the bottom part of the bedspread(by the floor), but aside from that, it was fine. The room was fairly plain - not all-white plain, but certainly nothing too fancy. Size-wise, however, it was definitely pretty roomy, with a couch and a nice view.I took some great pictures out the window, which would have been nicer had the window not been dirty. The windows, while not terrible, were certainly in need of a wash. We got snacks at the Walgreens across the street, as well as at the previously mentioned Fox and Obel. We were pondering ordering room service, until we looked at the prices. Had I just ordered a burger, with gratuity (18%) and service charge ($3.25), it would have cost just under $20. Breakfast was similarly ridiculous - $19.75 (plus gratuity, plus charge, so we're talking in the neighborhood of $27 for what you can get for a fraction of the price at several different and very nice places within a half mile) for 2 eggs, meat, bread and coffee/ beverage. A pizza plate was $17 and change (and that's before gratuity), when one could easily walk to some absolutely terrific Chicago pizza places. I don't know what the Sheraton is thinking with these prices, given that there are definitely other options in the area, including PJ Clarkes across the street if you want a burger or something similar. Also food-related - there are no vending machines. They obviously want you to order one via room service or go to the gift shop. Walgreens is across the street, and both Fox and Obel and another grocery store are down the street. Get your snacks there. There's a Corner Bakery less than 1/2 a mile away, just off Michigan and across from the Wyndham hotel. Great place for a quality, fast meal if you're on the go.Air conditioning was fine, although there is the odd feature that you have to lock the door before the air conditioning can go on. Obviously, a money-saving feature so that people can't just go out and leave the AC on all day while they're gone. Definitely the first time I've ever seen anything like it at a hotel, though.We stayed at the W City Center last Summer and, interestingly enough, the room service was cheaper there - if not by a whole lot. However, the service was excellent and so was the food. Somehow I didn't think I'd have the same experience with the Sheraton, and despite the fact that the menu noted that if the food wasn't there in 30 minutes or it'd be free, given how they seemed to charge for everything in this hotel, I felt like if I did make an order and it came in 31 minutes, I'd have a debate on my hands.The bathtub did have a massaging showerhead, which seemed to work wonderfully most of the time, but sprayed all over the place on a couple of settings. The bathtub was fairly nice but - didn't drain. We were only there for one night, settled in and didn't want to sit there while someone came up and fixed it, so we just left it. When we woke up the next morning, the water was still there.The bed was one of Sheraton's relatively new Sweet Sleeper beds and, while it was not up to the W's Signature Bed (still, by far the best bed I've experienced), it was around the same quality was the Westin Heavenly Bed.Continuing the feeling like nothing was complimentary was the fact that there is a charge of one full night if you change your dates of stay after check-in (in other words, no leaving early.) and a $75 charge if you check out after noon. Internet was pretty standard at $9.95 a day, although there are a few chains now offering complimentary internet. If you emailed something at the business center with an attached document, it was $1.50 per page. The bottle water in the room was definitely not free. The list goes on.Fitness room/pool? Couldn't get a chance to check those out, because you had to sign-in at the fitness room and while apparently they didn't charge you for pool use, they do charge (I believe it's $9.95 a day?) for the fitness room and I didn't want to have to sign-in at the fitness room just to go through there to take a peek at the pool.There are a few restaurants on the premises (including the famed Shula's Steak House) and, while I would have loved to have tried room service or the restaurants just to discuss them in this review, there's a point where things are just too overpriced to &quot;try&quot;. I'd have liked to have given room service a try, just to be able to discuss the service and food, but the prices were just way too high to &quot;try&quot; anything.Believe it or not, during the night, we began to hear noise from the pipes behind the bathroom. Not enough to keep us from sleeping (and I did get a good night's sleep in the Sheraton bed), but *definitely* very noticable, and it seemed like whenever the person (I'm guessing it was the room above, although it could have been next door) turned on the sink or shower, it was definitely heard. This is the first hotel we've stayed at (including some older ones) where this has been an issue. We also heard a lot of hall noise.The TV offered a pretty decent lineup of cable channels. I've seen better, I've seen worse. I've read reviews of this hotel noting that they only offered a handful of channels, but there were definitely a bit more than that.It's too bad that this hotel charges for just about everything (moreso than any other hotel I've stayed at), as it really produces a feeling in the consumer that they can't just sit back and enjoy - it's a &quot;don't touch anything, they might charge us&quot; feeling.Staff was okay. We got a good morning or two, but nothing too overly friendly, and most staff we encountered just went about their business.The final issue was check-out. The in-room system was not working (the menu would not come up, so express check-out was not possible), so we had to check out the old-fashioned way. I actually wanted to go though check-out at the desk, just to see what the service would be like. Thankfully, there wasn't much of a line. When I informed the desk clerk of the bathtub issue, he didn't seem to care a whole lot. I certainly wasn't trying to get any sort of discount or anything, I was just trying to tell him the issue. I didn't even get a &quot;thank you for telling us.&quot; In an episode of &quot;The Apprentice&quot; a couple of seasons ago, when teams had to furnish hotel rooms, Trump noted how important the last impression was. I've really felt that way when I've stayed at hotels, as well. The Sheraton didn't do that well in this regard.So, overall, for what I paid, this was a fine hotel. We got a clean, fairly spacious (if no-frills) room with a pretty good view. Given that there are definitely great views to be had from this hotel, I was really hoping for that, and certainly succeeded in that regard.Would I pay full price? No. There are other hotels in this area (including a very nice Holiday Inn a couple of blocks North - the Holiday Inn City Centre) that are cheaper and there are other hotels for the same price that are a better value. After liking the W City Center so much, I'd also consider trying the W Lakeshore, which was also in viewing distance of the Sheraton, a good 4-5 blocks N.Rating? I've seen the Sheraton rated 4 stars, and it's rated 3 1/2 by some services. Personally, I'd consider it to be a good 3-star hotel. The public areas are very nice, but the rooms were pretty comparable to the Courtyard Marriott over on Hubbard and State, which is a very nice 3 star. The Marriott service (see also the Marriott Residence Inn over by Water Tower downtown) was consistently better, as well. Would I come back? If the price was right - and by right, I mean in the range that I paid this time - I would probably consider another stay here. It's a lovely area, and very nice to stroll around. However, there were definite issues here that made me wonder how this could be considered a 4-star.	
Oct 24 2005	Great stay!!	I stayed at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers with my husband and 8year old daughter. The hotel has gone under extensive remodeling. New carpets troughout, lobby bar is now a java bar (great in the morning), an amazing German Master Chef is now in charge of all the food. Which is to die for. We had a great room with a view of Navy Pier. We walked to everything and had the best time. We will stay at this hotel everytime we come to Chicago.	
Oct 20 2005	Terrible Service	Stayed at the Sheraton for 5 nights for a conference that was at the hotel. We had booked months in advance for this conference and specifically requested and paid a deposit for a roll away bed because there were going to be 3 adults in 1 room. After arriving and registering we got to our very small room that did not have a roll away bed. When we tried to rectify the situation, I was advised that the room would never hold a roll away due to fire regulations and that the hotel does not guarantee roll aways you can only request one and they will TRY to accommodate you. (Even though we had bee charged a deposit on our credit card that included the roll away and had a stack of emails from their guest co-ordinator guaranteeing the roll away)After a 15 minute argument I asked to speak to a manager, who about 1/2 hour later called back and re-arranged our accommodations. After waiting for an hour for our new room, we were told they were very busy and would get to us when they could!On our first full day in Chicago, we attempted to find the hotel coffee shop that was mentioned in the hotel guide that's left in every room. Such a thing does not exist! You have to go to the Steak restaurant and fight off other people to get coffee/tea and whatever pastries are left over. The day I went there were only 2 bagels left at 8:30 am! (but 3 people in my party)We could not get a quick lunch any of the 5 days we were there because their grill was rarely open. One day you could buy a sac lunch from the grill........they couldn't cook anything because their computers were down (no I am not joking)Also, during our stay the lounge bar was closed for repair. Considering there were 3 conferences at the hotel that week, they should have considered holding off on the repair until they were less busy. When the repairs were finally complete, the bar was never open anyway.......no idea why.I won't even go into the fact that the carpet in the common areas was being ripped up during prime conference times!Forget about trying to get any help from the Concierge. I've never med a ruder set of service staff. We had driven to CHicago and were interested in exploring some of the outlying areas......I thought the Concierge was going to have a heart attack! He refused to help us and could not understand why we didn't want to eat at a restaurant w/in walkind distance. He insisted we take his walking guide and would not provide a map of Chicago.As an aside, between my friends and I, we put in 5 requests for the Chicago travel guide several months before our trip and we received 1 guide a week or so after our return.I would never stay at this hotel again. It has a great locatin in downtown Chicago but never again!	
Oct 19 2005	Looks great from the outside...	Stayed here for three nights in Oct. 2005. Had seen the hotel from where we stayed last time while in Chicago (Embassy Suites Lakefront--a much nicer hotel) and it looked great from the outside--right next to the Chicago River, nice promenade next to hotel to walk along the river. Lobby and lounge areas are nice, but problem started with check-in. Only one-two people behind the reception desk on a Friday evening--got to the desk and was told that nonsmoking room which had been requested was not available. Got to the room and it really smelled of old smoke, so much so all my clothes smelled the same by the next day. Called housekeeping to request a room deodorizer, was told they would send someone up to do it and it never got done. Also called later to get a corkscrew (which was supposed to be supplied in the minibar but was not), again was told they would send one up but it also never materialized. Room itself was average at best--about the quality of a Days Inn. Bathroom had cracked sink, a little mold growing around the base of the tub, etc. Overall NOT what I expected.	
Oct 18 2005	A wonderful stay	I had a great stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. When I checked in I greased the person at the desk $20. They gave me a corner suite(23rd floor) with access to the 33rd floor lounge. The lounge offers a continental style breakfast with a nice view of the city. In the evenings they have some snacks and drinks. She also gave me 2 free breakfast coupons at the Riverside Cafe that is located down stairs.Our room was huge with a great view of the Navy Pier. It had 2 TV's, a couch and chair, a big dining table, a desk and chair, roomy closet and safe, a king bed, spacious bathroom with coffee maker(get your coffee in the lounge in the morning),refrigerator and 3 large windows. It was very roomy and comfortable. The staff was great. The room service was fine. I ordered Pizza one night and burgers another. I never had any problems to speak of with the staff.The Magnificent Mile is right around the corner as is the Navy Pier, so location is great. Shula's Steakhouse is located downstairs and is very good, but a bit pricey. Chicago Chop House was the best place I ate and the best Pizza I had was at Giordanos. The best views are from the loung at the John Hancock Building. Also there are no lines to wait in like at the Sears Tower. The Art Institute is a must as well.I took a cab from O'hare each way and it was $40 each time. You can take the train, but it takes a while from what I've heard and read.I would stay at this Sheraton again and I recommend it highly.	
Oct 18 2005	Fabulous views!!	I stayed for just one nite at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other TA posters but I was not let down. I got the room via PL @ $70 and was first placed in a room on the 8th floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot. Since I had nothing to lose, I asked to be moved to a &quot;room with a view&quot;. The front desk attendant( Rasheeda) wanted to make sure that the room I had at first was clean and was in order and I assured her that it was. She then moved me up to the 24th floor with ease and it took about 1 minute. I was quite surprised as I have heard that they treat PL and Hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers. The new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the Navy Pier, a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of Lake Michigan. All this for $70? Yep! I skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious!The room was comfy, had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location. I didnt use it since I wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk. The bed and pillows were very comfy, but I awoke at about 330 in the morning sweating from the comfy but VERY WARM and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed. This was a great deal for the price and I would absolutely stay here again.	
Oct 6 2005 	Not bad...not great	I stayed here for 3 nights for a conference. The conference was being held at the Hyatt nearby and they had run out of rooms. I wound up paying over $300 a night for a room at the Sheraton. Check in went pretty smooth. One of my associates had requested a King bed as did I but neither of us got them and the desk seemed unruffled by the issue. Sorry there are none avaialble. End of discussion. My room was decent. I was on one of the upper floors and my view was spectacular. The bed as everyone is saying was very comfortable. The bathroom was decent sized. Good water pressure...lots of hot water. You had to pay for internet service. Hyatt is giving wireless connectivity away at no charge. Nice feature. Got the paper every morning...USA today and the Chicago paper on Sat and Sunday. I went to the steakhouse Shulas in the lobby. Delcious filet but expensive. So were the drinks in the bar. But it is a city and a business traveler place so what do you expect. On the walk to the Navy Pier you pass a great liquor store, a Walgreens Drug Store and a small upscale super market. Bring your corkscrew. So you can stock up on beer or wine and snacks and bring it back to your room. It is pretty centrally located. I have read here of people scoring this hotel for well under $100 and that seems like a good deal to me because of its location and despite the nickpicking it is a pretty nice place. I expensed everything for business so I was less concerned about the price that many. They have late checkout...but it costs $75 ..can you believe it? All in all not a bad place..the city is wonderful so you will probably not spend that much time in your hotel. If you can get this place dirt cheap it would be a bargain.	
Oct 3 2005 	Do Not Stay Here - Miserable Staff	I had the worst experience at this hotel and in fact never plan to stay at any Sheraton again. Five phone calls and 2 hours fighting with the uninterested concierge was what it took to get the perks of the Romance package I had booked. Not very romantic, really. Then, to add insult to injury, I was told when checking out 3 TIMES (not once or even twice) by the desk clerk that the line I was in was for Gold and Platinum guests only, which I happen to be. This was an infuriating and degrading experience as I apparently do not look like how they feel Gold and Platinum guests should look. I read the negative reviews and took my chance anyway and I made a horrible mistake. Stay at the W Chicago Lakeshore and you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 3 2005	Good location friendly staff worst hotel experience in years	I normally do not take the time to write reviews but I feel it is my obligation to warn people about this hotel. We bid and got this hotel for $75 ($94 w/ tax), I still feel I overpaid. Problems began when we checked into our first room and there were a colony (hundreds) of ants camped out in the bathroom below the sink. We called to the front desk and they gave us the choice of another room on the same floor with 2 twin beds or a room w/ a king bed that was converted from a smoking to non-smoking room last year. Travelling with an infant we chose to try the room with a king bed. When we got to the room it smelled as if someone was smoking in the room just minutes prior. We called down again and then they told us of another room they had that was non-smoking with a king bed. Now why didn't they just offer this room to us in the first place. The decor of the hotel lobby is very nice but it stops there. While walking to each of the three rooms we noted that the carpets were filthy and covered with stains everywhere. There were room service trays from Breakfast that were still outside the rooms at 5pm (maybe that's why they have ants and stains). All three rooms that we saw were very cramped, and it was obvious that the remodelling job was on the cheap, and much of the room was in disrepair. The only positives were that the view was nice and the pillows soft. Parking is $35/day, you drop it off out front then you go down to the dank garage, wait 20 minutes for them to find your car, and navigate through a maze of poles and a 30 degree incline to drop a token into a 1970's garage door control. Finally on checkout we received a charge on our bill which we did not make. We called down to the front desk and they said that they did not see it on their computer and that I was mistaken. I brought the bill down to them to show them I the desk attendent disappeared for at least 10min then returned without an explanation and removed the charge. Overall - the hotel is in a good location, nice lobby, hallways and rooms in disrepair, problem with cleanliness which likely leads to the ants. Lots of mistakes which are corrected by friendly staff but should not happen in the first place. I have stayed at many four star hotels and this one isn't even close.	
Sep 26 2005	Decent hotel great location terrible service!	I stayed at this hotel for a four-day convention in September 2005. My sister also stayed there, in a separate room, so I have two sets of experiences to draw upon. This will be long, because I want it to be useful.First, this hotel is obviously pitched at running conventions, and it does that pretty well. The facilities are generally good, with comfortable seating, good AV equipment and so forth. One thing which I really appreciated was the availability of big containers of chilled, filtered water at the back of each convention room, with a seemingly limitless supply of big plastic cups. What can I say, the cups impressed me. On the downside, some of the convention rooms were small and stuffy and the airconditioning seemed not to be working. One excellent panel lost a number of audience members who just could not hack the heat in the room. After a particuarly unpleasant session in one room, I avoided all further panels in that room, and I felt bad for the speakers who had made an effort to develop their presentation and fly across the country to provide it. Generally speaking, though, the convention facilities were good; I was attending a crime fiction convention, and a religious charity was holding a separate convention at the same time, and there were no overlaps, double bookings or similar confusion.Check-in was excellent, considering the enormous queue of conventioneers waiting when we arrived, and I was impressed at how quickly we were all processed. Our receptionist, Erika, was courteous and helpful. Check out was similarly smooth and quick for my sister; again this was impressive given the length (and post-party exhaustion) of the queue. I did not have to check out as the hotel offers a service to some guests of putting a bill under your door and if you don't dispute it then you don't need to check out. Mine was accurate so I did not check out, but I have no idea why I was offered this facility and not my sister. A few days later a charge appeared on my credit card for the mini-bar items I had consumed; this also was perfectly fair and accurate.Rooms - like the curate's egg; good in parts. I had a corner room on the 18th floor, which was slighly odd in its configuration and wasted a lot of space, but it had a sofa under the window which looked out onto a view of the lake, which was gorgeous, and a lovely place to curl up and read. My sister had a corridor room, which seemed, at least, to be a lot bigger. Her wardrobe was twice the size of mine. The wardrobes contain a small lockable safe (a key safe, not the more usual modern PIN safes) and an iron and ironing board.Despite having asked for a non-smoking room, my room reeked of smoke. I considered asking for a new one, but (a) the check-in queues were very long; (b) it was convenient being near my sister and (c) I was jetlagged and tired, so I didn't bother. To be fair, I'm sure they would have accommodated me had I asked.The room generally was pleasant and well-appointed. The bed was huge and crisp and comfortable and the best thing about the place. There was a big TV on a console which contained a chest of drawers on the one side, and a minibar and fridge on the other. My TV faced the bed directly and could be moved to watch from the couch. My sister's TV was some distance from the bed, a bit too far for comfortable viewing, but also on an angle if viewing from the couch. But then we weren't there to watch TV. There was a good desk and chair with an internet modem which I did not use so can't comment on. The sofa is comfortable enough if you borrow a cushion from the bed for your back (and there are plenty). As mentioned, the view from this part of the building (Room 1852) is just great. As is common in hotel rooms, the lighting is pretty poor. Why is that? Also, there were two a/c units in my room, only one of which worked, and that one was only operable when, for some unfathomable reason, the deadlock was latched. This means that if you want to nip out for an hour then you can't let the room cool down in your absence. That struck me as pretty cheap for a four-star hotel. There was also a sizeable hole in the wall behind the door where it had obviously been struck by the doorknob once too often. My sister's room, 1850, had almost as good a view, and was larger. It suffered, however, from being next to the staircase, which has metal steps, and was therefore pretty noisy. Avoid the rooms either side of the stairs, and also the room next to the ice machine on each level, which makes a massive racket.The small fridge was crammed full of minibar items. There was no room for anything else, and in hindsight I wish I had asked Housekeeping to take it all away. I did consume a few items, water &amp; juice, and was surprised that these were not replenished throughout the four days of my stay. But at least it made room for a few grocery items. The minibar prices were on the high side even by the usual extortionate minibar standards.On that note, the ice machine had been removed from our floor, and some work was obviously going on, but was not completed over the four day period. This led to much traipsing up and down stairs. I discovered that several other ice machines were not in working order. When I found one that was, two floors up, it made a lot of noise. I would not want to be sleeping next to that. My sister's room was next to the stairs, which had metal steps, and a lot of traffic due to people climbing up and down at all hours looking for a functional ice machine. So I'd stay away from rooms next to stairs or ice dispensers.The bathroom was pretty decent, with a nice bath and decent towel supply. The amenities were throughly ordinary, though - only no-name soap, shampoo and conditioner - and like the minibar, were not refreshed during the four day stay. By the third day you could find conventioneers knocking on each others' doors asking if anyone had any soap. (Though, strangely, the three free magazines which were placed next to the TV were replaced on the first day of the month with new editions). We went to the nearby Walgreen's for bath gel etc. And again, the bathroom lighting is not great. For some peculiar reason there is a coffee percolator on the wall next to the hairdryer, and a supply of coffee, sugar etc on the vanity. That did not seem very sanitary to me.The real disappointment in this hotel is the service. At check in and in brochures etc much is made of the &quot;Sheraton Promise&quot; and the &quot;Promise Desk&quot; - which is the concierge desk, and which irritatingly is often unattended and just gives you a message that cutely says they can't help you because they're fulfilling a promise to some one else. Grrr. A few examples:-One of the first things I do upon settling into a hotel room is to have a good browse in the services folder to find out what amenities and facilities the hotel offers. On this occasion all but two of the pages in the folder had been removed. I called for a new one and was told it would be right up. Half an hour later I called again (I wanted to order room service!) and ten minutes later a guy arrived at the door. He looked like a member of the janitorial staff and spoke not much English. He offered me a new folder, but when I tried to give him the first folder he got quite angry and kept saying &quot;They are same! They are same!&quot; Eventually to calm him down I had to open the first folder and show him the pages missing, as he could not understand what I was telling him. That was a pretty unpleasant introduction to the hotel service.-The material in the folder was, in any event, out of date. I spent 45 minutes looking for the coffee stand mentioned in the folder before I found someone who could tell me it no longer existed, but I could get espresso from the steakhouse. This seemed to be news to the steakhouse, where someone took my order for a double strength latte and disappeared for 15 minutes before eventually returning with a weak, double-*sized* latte. When I explained that I wanted a short, strong coffee, not a huge weak one, I was told I had to pay full price whether the cup was full or not. I was pretty offended by this, because I could not care less about an extra dollar, I just wanted a strong coffee, not a big (weak) one.-The room service menu is quite limited and *very* expensive ($40 +, plus service and tax for a steak), but on the first night I ordered a hamburger. It took a while to arrive, and was plain and dry. Although on the menu it said it came with two types of cheese, there was no cheese at all on it. When I rang and asked about this they said because I did not specify which cheese I wanted, they just left it off. I said that (a) no one had asked me what type of cheese I wanted; and (b) the menu suggested you got both types, not a choice. They grumpily asked what I wanted them to do about it, and because I could not be bothered waiting for a fresh hamburger, I said an adjustment to my bill would do, to which they said &quot;OK&quot;. In the event I was not charged for this at all. My sister, co-incidentally, ordered a hamburger also, and also received no cheese, *plus* she was given opened and used condiment bottles, which was just disgusting. She had also complained, but was not offered anything.-On my third day I put some shirts in for laundering. It took three phone calls over an hour before someone collected them. They were supposed to be back by 6pm. I was in the room between 4.30pm and 6.30 pm and they were not delivered. I had to go out then, and I got back at 10pm. My shirts had still not been delivered. I rang the &quot;promise desk&quot;. Three times. Over an hour. Finally they turned up at around 11pm. When I rang the promise desk and said this was unacceptable, the shirts had been promised by 6pm, they were totally uninterested but said they wouldn't charge me. I would rather have paid and had them on time.-Doormen - as someone else has observed, there were squads of them standing about, but they never seemed to offer any assistance to anyone. We had to find the town car we ordered ourselves in the throng of people leaving, and the driver did all the work with the luggage.-Business Centre - internet access is outrageously expensive, at 60 cents a minute, and limited - there are only about three machines, and they won't let you book one but want you to hang about until one is free. Also, we tried to post something from their mail centre, and after long and protracted negotiations discovered that they can only send things by courier, and even then, not overseas, which was useless to us. There is a cash machine in the lobby, though, which is useful.Overall I was massively unimpressed by the so-called Sheraton Promise, which seemed to amount to &quot;we won't give you good service, but when you complain we'll cancel the charge&quot;. I for one would rather have a decent service at a fair price. There was absolutely no interest in improving the service or working out where it was failing.Pluses - the location is great; a short walk from everything, and views to boot. In particular the Pier is very close. Because the in-hotel dining is expensive and in my view mediocre quality, I recommend you walk a block or two to the fabulous Fox &amp; Obel grocery and deli where you can get magnificent pre-prepared meals, some inexpensive, some not ($10 each for lump crab cakes, but they were seriously the absolute best I've ever tasted). You can also get milk, snacks and staples at the Walgreen's a block from the hotel (visible across the carpark from the main entrance). We also ate several times at the Lucky Strike cafe in the AMF centre opposite the hotel - great food at good prices.Chicago's a fabulous city and I had a much better time than this exhaustive review perhaps suggests. The rooms are basically comfortable and well appointed, the location is great, and if you're going to a fun convention like mine then you'll have a good time here. It will help considerably if you do not pay anything close to full price for rooms, lower your expectations drastically on the level of service you should get in a four-star hotel, and don't bother to eat here. On your first day go and get what you need for a comfortable stay from Walgreens and Fox &amp; Obel. If you do use hotel services and are unhappy, ask for a refund because you will get one much more easily than you will get decent service.	
Sep 14 2005 	Excellent hotel!	I was there on business, but had time for R&amp;R as well. Room was clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly and professional. Room service food was very good and the food at Shula's and the Riverside Cafe was fantastic! I enjoyed the pool and sitting out on the deck. The hotel was convenient to everything. I will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 6 2005 	Not bad if you get a good rate	I stayed here for a 3-day convention. Overall the hotel isn't bad depending upon what you pay. Anything less than $125/night in my book is a great deal.Hotel staff - This is a very busy convention hotel so think twice before staying here for leisure because you won't get a lot of personal attention. Location - Good location just a few blocks from Michigan Ave. Fox &amp; Obel (upscale grocery store rumored to be where Oprah shops!) is right around the block with an in-store cafe. This is the closest place to walk for a quick breakfast or lunch (opens at 7am everyday) if you don't want to eat hotel fare. $4 fare in cab from Union Station. Room - As other reviewers claimed, the beds are seriously fabulous - maybe one step below the Westin's Heavenly bed. Rooms are clean and quiet. Housekeeping does not restock amenities so hide the shampoo and conditioner (Pantene products) if you want more. Wished I had read the reviews beforehand and knew that you have to deadbolt your door to make the a/c run cold. I thought I was having hot flashes!Gym - They charge you $15/stay to use their rather limited gym. Pool is free. Gym has the usual bike, ellipical trainer, treadmill - but are all state of the art. The attendant never seems to be there so I somehow wasn't charged even though I signed in everyday. Most of the women employees of the hotel use the gym locker room for social time which explains why there wasn't much hairspray or lotion left for the guests.Restaurant - Denny's quality at Morton Steakhouse prices	
Aug 29 2005	A bland stay at the Sheraton	I went into this optimistically but the Sheraton didn't cut it.There were plenty of doormen out front but not once did anyone open the door for me. I probably went in and out 6 times. The reception area was great looking and the check-in agent was friendly and efficient. Checking in was the only time any of the hotel staff spoke to me. The entry way and common areas were posh and pleasing to look at but my room however was not up to par for a 4 star establishment. The toiletries were of the drug store variety, the art was hideous and the television was tiny and extremely off color. There were two coffee makers in the bathroom. One was attached to the wall and not in working order. The other was on the sink and practically obstructing the basin. Others have mentioned that you have to have the bolt locked in order to use the air conditioning. I can understand trying to conserve energy but that just seems Super-8-esque to me.Like I said... 3 stars. There are plenty of better places to stay downtown Chicago. Marriot on Michigan, The Talbott, Westin (although it's also a Starwood)..	
Aug 21 2005	Not a 4 star hotel	Just returned from a conference in Chicago, Il and had stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel &amp; Towers. This was one of three hotels I had a choice of staying at but the conference was at this hotel so I booked here. Next year I’ll choose another hotel and walk to the meetings.We arrived about 7:30 to discover they gave our smoking room away. In place of it they gave us a special preferred guest room that was recently updated and a letter allowing us to go into the Preferred Guest Lounge. This was a very nice lounge and the free continental breakfast was very good. This was a nice plus. But, if you call carpeting that is worn and frayed a special updated room, I guess that is what we got. Throw in the [--] ants in the room crawling on the table and you have a really special room.The beds were really soft and appeared to be clean for the most part. I was surprised that they had Jergens soap. I was expected decent soap and this is very drying. I don’t purchase it for home and really wouldn’t expect a hotel that is suppose to be 4 stars to offer it.They provided two meals for our conferences during my stay and both were tasty. The lunch was a grilled chicken salad and chocolate cake. The portion of the salad was very small (I’m tiny and not a big eater). The cake was out of this world. The server was the rudest person I’ve met in a long time and I met some rude ones employed by this hotel. A continental breakfast was the other meal they served and it was good but not well stocked or refilled promptly and we only had ½ hour to 45 minutes for 1200 people to eat. When it takes ½ hour to restock it is hard for people to get served.Overall, I was not pleased with this hotel and would not stay there again.	
Aug 16 2005	Got it for $75 on priceline it was worth it!	Got our room for $75 on priceline- worth it in every way.It was a very nice hotel for the $75 we paid. Great location too. Here are a few tips though....TIPS: don't buy any of the items in your rooms minibar- they rape you on prices. M&amp;M's were $3 .....small liquor bottles were $6.75 and upThere are no pop machines, because they want you to have to buy from them,so take coolers/snacks with all your refreshments.We went to the hotel bar for a couple beers that cost $5 each.That was outragious! Won't do that again- then we got bacardi and cokes that came to $6 each. Will bring all that with us next timeParking cost us $35 per night. We thought that was high when you can go to Chicago and State St lot and park for $17 all day.When you pay for a room it ought to be cheaper.....oh well. The hotel was excellent -let us check in at noon and was extremely clean. Beds &amp; pillows were great. It was not a huge room but who needs that when you just crash? Everything was above average, just don't buy the food or drinks there and maybe they'll learn that they need to come down to earth on those prices.	
Aug 10 2005	Chicago Sheraton is Excellent	Sheraton Hotel Chicago was amazing. Wonderful lobby, beautiful room, excellent staff. Breakfast food wasn't all that great, but room service pizza and sandwiches were great. Check-in was quick and pleasant. Location is the best. Hotel right on the Chicago River and a short walk to Navy Pier and Mag Mile. Great amenities like nice shampoos, soaps, etc, pool was great, we were the only ones there, very relaxing sitting on the sundeck too. What a view our room had. Corner room is a great option to ask for. Would definitely stay here again if we were going to Chicago.	
Aug 8 2005	The worst reservation experience I've ever had	I am a frequent biz &amp; leisure traveler, and I was in Chicago for a wedding. I decided at midnight to stay at this hotel, rather than where I had been originally staying. I called to make reservations, but the central reservations line said I had to use the front desk at that hour. The front desk never answered my phone call, so I went back to central reservations and told them they had to work it out. They did, and gave me a reserv &amp; charged my cc. When I got to the hotel, they had no record of my reserv, told me I must've called the wrong hotel, and I should just go to another location. Nope, I've been charged for my reserv at this hotel I said. They told me I had it wrong. Spoke to a manager, who again told me I had it wrong. Why don't you just check, instead of assuming I have it wrong! After an hour (at 1 am) of me complaining, they finally figured out that I had it right all along. They gave me a parlor room (living room of a suite) with rollaway beds for me &amp; my husband (they made no effort to put them together). My keys did not work, which required getting security (they thought I just didn't know how to use a key, but it was again their fault). My suite-mate didn't know about this arrangement, and was woken up &amp; angry. They comped the room, but I would've preferred to pay $200 and not have such an ordeal. I will never stay at any sheraton again, and this hotel makes me sick.	
Aug 7 2005	Great Loaction	The Sheraton is a fantastic hotel. My wife and I stayed on the 29th floor overlooking the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. The view was great.We got a corner room that also had a couch in.The hotel was just a short walk to the Navy Pier and the Magnificant Mile Shopping area. Food at the hotel was great. Service from checking in to maid service was first class. Great Hotel, Great Town, Highly recommend it.	
Aug 2 2005	Good hotel for a great location	Recently stayed there for the weekend and was happy for what I paid ($179/night) for the location. It is very convenient to the Navy Pier, Michigan Ave (shopping) and a decent walk to other attractions. The rooms are good size with the &quot;comfy beds&quot; (a bit too soft for most people but better than other hotels). The decor of the room is old but I did not stay too long in the room so that does not matter. View was great, I looked out onto the river and could see the fireworks from my room. I agree with some of the others that the food at the hotel (in room and restaurants) was pricey. There is a gourmet food store a few blocks away (Fox &amp; Obel I think) that had sandwiches and breakfast food that I brought back to the room.While this was not the best hotel that I have stayed at, I would certainly recommend it.	
Jul 31 2005	The time of my life!!	This was the most wonderful experience! they let us check in early since our train was early- everyone was so politewalking distance to great food and shopping (west egg breakfast-yummy!) even if i was filthy rich i would not stay anywhere else!i thank them so much for the best trip of my life!	
Jul 27 2005	Very Lavish Comfortable	It was a great room with a great view. The comforters were SOO comfortable. I wanted to snuggle all day long. We checked out late with no problem. The room was very clean, spacious bathroom, spacious room. No complaints with room or matress. The lobby and common areas were beautiful! Vaulted ceilings, vallet, bellman, and not so nice staff. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to experience luxury for a decent price in Chicago. Location was right near downtown, great water view, no compaints ont this hotel. I would DEFIENETLY stay agian!!	
Jul 17 2005	Avoid this Terrible hotel!	This hotel is absolute TERRIBLE! Booked the hotel by Hotwire for just below $100 (total) per night. After a long 12 hours drive and with a heavy backpack arrived late at night. I was hope to get a real good rest. But you know what?! They assigned me a room that had not been cleaned: sheets on the floor, glass with lipstick, a whole mess in the room. Okay, may be they got it wrong for one time. I went down to the reception and ask for a clean room. Then I went up again and found that the second room is the same! NO housekeeping what so ever! I gotta go down again (with my heavy backpack and dead tired body) and ask for another room. After all this trouble, finally got a small room that seems to clean. I had to go throught all these trouble just to get a room??!! Poor receptionist, don't even show their apology. The only compensation is a complementary breakfest which still required me to pay for the tips. Very bad experience with this over-prized hotel. It is definitely not a 4 stars hotel. with this kind of service, I don't wanna stay there even for free.	
Jul 10 2005	Nice hotel but bring your retirement funds.....	Very nice hotel as far as location. Can't really be better for experiencing downtown Chicago. Short walk to Navy Pier, Mag Mile, etc.My family and I pulled up and were helped quickly at the curb. I was advised on what to do for parking considering I would need my car later for a trip to Soldier Field for a soccer game. $35 for in and out privalege parking. Pretty high, but that is Chicago.Lobby is beautiful and the front desk staff (there weren't enough of them) were friendly and helpful.We were put on the 25th floor. The rooms are pretty small with two VERY soft, overly soft, insanely soft, beds. Two bottles of water were on the table waiting for us (if we wanted to pay $4 / bottle!), and an in-room refridge filled with stuff (like $4 for a KitKat and such).Sadly, after the soccer game I had had no dinner. It was late and I did not want to walk miles for food. You got it. $18 for a Rueben through room service. When I asked if there was a restaurant in which we could dine rather than use room service I was unable to understand the reply, although I asked her to repeat twice. Hiring people who speak English would help.When we went to bed (you know, the too soft beds) my eldest son and I sweated to death because you sank into the bed so far that heat had no way to escape. If you are a warm body person, you will HATE these beds. The air conditioning was not terribly cool either so it just made it that much worse.We visited the pool which was nice, but crowded (we were told this is an all day long ordeal) The sun Deck is beautiful too. The next morning I decided to take advantage of the incredible workout facilities listed on their website. I planned on running on the treadmill while my wife swam with the kids. (I run every morning on a treadmill at home, so this selling point on their website was a big selling point for ME) I signed my family in to the pool and then went over to the treadmills and started my warm up. I was then approached by a female employee who told me, in no uncertain terms, that I needed to pay to use the workout facilites. $15 to be precise. Incredulous, I asked her to show me where it says that there is a charge. She said, there just is. I checked the website again and it says NOTHING about the extra charges. Essentially, I spent $200 for one night and was KICKED out of the health club.I went back to the room while my wife and kids swam. While reading the paper I got the stench of cigarette smoke from the ventilation system. I am an ex-smoker so this is rather distressing for me. Not sure where it came from, but really don't care either. For $200 a night I expect to not leave my room smelling like I spent the night in a brothel.Long and short of it is that it is a very nice hotel with some nice people working there. Worth $200 / night? No way. Won't do that again. Back to Embassy Suites for us!	
Jun 22 2005	High class hotel in Chicago	I have just returned from a stay (Jun 11-15) in the Sheraton Chicago Hotel &amp; Towers and overall had a very positive experience.This is predominantly a conference orientated hotel and the majority of people staying in it are likely to be attending one, however, this did not in any way affect our stay. At no point were we made to feel in the way because we were leisure visitors. We were checked in quickly and the reception member who dealt with us was able to facilitate our request for a riverview room even though the hotel was heavily booked.Our room was a good size and had incredibly comfortable beds. It was clean and our only complaint would be the poor hairdryer in the bathroom. Sometimes it worked and other times it didn't and we did find this frustrating. Also it was quite weak and took a long time to get your hair dry if it was working.All staff members we came in contact with were very friendly from reception to the bar and those who came to turn down the beds in the evening. The hotel was always busy and I felt this helped give a bit of atmosphere to the place as it is such a large property. The hotel is close by to the bottom of Michigan Avenue (Wrigley Building end) but it didn't take us long to walk anywhere including Navy Pier and it is in a prime location if you are interested in doing a river cruise.Be warned though that the airport shuttle service that picks up from the hotel is most unreliable. We were outside waiting from 5.10pm for a shuttle due at 5.25pm which never appeared. At 5.40pm I went back in and spoke to the concierge who advised it was cheaper and quicker to get a taxi to O'Hare but did ring the company who said they would send one to collect us straight away. At 5.55pm with no sign of the 2nd shuttle or the one the company agreed to send straight away we made the decision to get a taxi to the airport. However, it was definetly not cheaper and cost us $46.00 incl tip, the shuttle would only have been $34!All in all a fine hotel with good staff who made up feel welcome and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Jun 14 2005	Ok  but not worth the money	We stayed here for one night, and found it a hotel that concentrates on conferences rather than your normal guest. We found it hard to get a room in the city for that particular night and so we paid above the odds for this - @ $200 for the night. We felt when we checked in that if you weren't with the conference, then why were we staying in the hotel. The guy at the main door didn't even hold it open when you are trying to lug your bags into the lobby, we then had to que for 15-20 minutes just to check in. We were not given any information about the hotel and when I rang down to reception at one stage to find out if there was a business centre in the hotel that I could access the Internet through, I was just short of being asked why didn't I bring my lap-top with me so I could use the Internet access in the room.... !! I found the staff very rude and not helpful at all and would not recommend this hotel for a tourist.	
Jun 12 2005 	Can't be better than this	I have stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel &amp; Towers before as well but I can not believe how tremendously they raised their service level since then. From the doorman to the maid everyone was incredibly helpful. The rooms were spotless and check in process was incredibly fast. I have stayed in 5 star hotels and their staff wouldn't even look at you in the eyes. Staff of Sheraton Chicago Hotel &amp; Towers is the only staff you can experience that. They treat you like a person. I talked to the housekeeping manager in the lobby and he explained the changes they have been going through starting from top to bottom. I was totally amazed with this young man's commitment to the hotel from the way he was talking about it. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to the travelers who have been missing the GREAT service.	
Jun 8 2005	Satisfied	This past weekend, my wife and I spent the night at the Sheraton.Overall, we had a positive experience. The towels were soft and the bed was very comfortable. It was the best nights sleep I think I ever had at a hotel.The only downside was the bathroom room floor was not that clean( there were strands of other peoples hair)Besides the bathroom floor, we found the whole stay, --from check-in to check-out a pleasant experience. We would consider staying here again next time we are in Chicago.	
Jun 7 2005	Comfortable stay	We went through hotwire and paid $102 of one night. Excellent deal as the hotel was well located, extremely comfortable and clean and the check in staff were very welcoming!	
Jun 6 2005	Great Room at the Sheraton Tower	Took a quick trip to Chicago this weekend to see Wicked, and wanted a nice hotel without spending too much as it was just an overnight stay. Using Priceline I offered $80 and my stay was accepted by the Sheraton Hotel and Tower. It was a great experience and worth much more than the price I got!We arrived at the hotel at 10:30am thinking we could check our bags with the bellmen as check-in wasn't until 3pm. Talking to the reception desk, we were happily surprised to find that they could actually get us into our room right away despite being 4 1/2 hours early. The room was beautiful, on the 18th floor with a view of Adler Planetarium and the river, and had a king size bed. It was easily one of the largest rooms I've stayed in at a downtown hotel in a major city.We used the concierge twice - once to find a Chipotle for lunch and the other to get to Ginos East for deep-dish pizza. They were slightly off on getting us to Chipotle (we had to go one street further than they thought) but gave us a priority seating voucher for Ginos which cut the wait time in half.A great stay - I would highly recommend it!	
May 13 2005 	Don't Believe the Naysayers	I just returned from a 2-night stay here and could not have been happier. I had a great room with a view that I bought on Priceline for $100 per night. Parking was expensive, but had unlimited ins &amp; outs. I stayed on the non-smoking 26th floor really enjoyed the view. I would stay here again anytime - great location for buisness &amp; pleasure!TW	
May 2 2005	Expected more for the money	Just stayed here for $200/night over the weekend. There was a convention in town so many hotels were booked up and did not have special rates available, so this was the best deal available for a nice hotel. It was just not worth the money! The room was very disappointing.Positives: Bathroom was very clean, water pressure good, shower good. The location is great (you can walk to the loop, the lake, etc.) and the lobby is very nice.Negatives: Bed was uncomfortable, despite all of their bragging about how great the beds are--it was so springy it felt like sleeping on a trampoline. The comforter is so unbelievably heavy that it is too uncomfortable to sleep with (plus did not seem too clean &amp; is made of some microfiber material that feels grungy), but then all you have to sleep with is a sheet (threadbare cotton with holes in it) and a yucky brown thermal blanket. They don't even put a second sheet on top of the blanket to make it more sanitary. Also, the deadbolt has to be closed to activate the heating/cooling system, so you cannot leave the air conditioning on when you leave the room. By the time I got back to the room after a long day out, the room was hot &amp; stuffy. Also, they don't even give shower caps in the bathrooms--it is bare bones minimum with the toiletries.I would not stay here again unless I got some really great rate. I would rather stay in a Days Inn type place, where it's cheap but my expectations would be low, or in a Westin, where I know it would be really clean and have a nice down comforter and be worth the extra money. This hotel was just not clean enough for the money.	
May 2 2005	Nice hotel	This upscale hotel is in a good location in downtown Chicago. It's 2 blocks from the Michigan Ave. shopping district and very close to the lake and Navy Pier entertainment area. Had a few issues with housekeeping but they were resolved once I called. They have a guest service promise that if everything is not perfect, they will try and compensate you for your trouble by offering either Starwood Points, towers access, or free breakfast at the hotel restaurant. Room was a bit pricey ($185/night) but service and decor were very nice. This hotel is mainly a convention hotel but the individual traveler would enjoy it as well.	
Apr 12 2005	just ok	One of the issues that I had with the hotel is the attitude of a guy that gets your luggage, when I appearantly didn't tip him enough he made a rude comment to me, even though all he had to do was walk 2 feet and grab two carry on bags. Not a good way to treat a customer. Second the rooms in the lower tower, floors 7-16 are different than the rooms on floors 17 and higher. The rooms on floors 17 and higher are nicer. They seemed recently renovated. They don't consist of an entertainment center that is difficult to keep open and they have a larger TV. Also the heating system on the higher floor rooms is in the middle of the room and blows air into the middle of the room, not in the corner as it was with our lower lever room which blow the air right into a wall.The location of this hotel is great, you are only two blocks from the Magnificant Mile and four or five blocks from the Navy Pier. Also you are close to bus stops that can take you quickly to the El train. Also the beds are very comfortable.Overall I think this hotel is ok, I probably would have rated it higher if there wasn't such a difference between the rooms. The workers are kind, except for the luggage guy, and the location is great. Not a bad stay for the right price.	
Apr 7 2005	Great Location Great View	We had the opportunity to stay at a few hotels that were rated much better on the list, however chose the Sheraton Towers because of the presence of a pool and proximity to Michigan Ave. and the river. We were very pleased as the staff was very friendly (rare these days). Contrary to other reviews our room was very clean though a bit small for four of us. Our phone was not operating and a request for service was not addressed (fixed it myself). Our view of the river was stunning and comparable to the view from Hotel 71. Lets put it this way, it's a great hotel for a night's stay, but I wouldn't make it my vacation accomodation.	
Apr 5 2005 	Great time	I spent the Easter weekend in Chicago. I was very impressed with the overall looks of the hotel and the great reception I recieved from the staff. The lobby was going thru some renovations that were completed during your stay. The concierge was more than willing to help with any of your questions and even called around town to find a car service for our large party. The only problem that we ran into was the cleaning staff come around very early so put the Do Not Disturb doorhang on your door if you are a late sleeper. The location was ideal for walking to many attraction and the river was right outside our picture window. I would recommend this hotel to my family and close friends.	
Apr 2 2005	Cold showers	First day. two warmer showers late in the day. Call downstairs ,we'll check on it. Next day samething. We all had cold showers ,also with four people we think you would get four towels .wrong three.The pool ran out of towels too. The day we left the lobby was closed try taking your luggage down two sets of escaltors. valet parking is way overpriced.they do have selfparking save yourself $10.00 a night.	
Apr 1 2005	Great stay!	Just spent three nights at the Sheraton Chicago and it was great! The room was large and inviting and the beds and pillows were wonderful! I would certainly visit again!	
Mar 29 2005	Smelly And No Service - Our Stay From 3.24.05-3.27.05	This was my first trip to Chicago and I was told that the Sheraton was a good place to stay. Although the hotel looks nice from the outside and is in a good location, I was extremely displeased with the service. We were not advised that the hotel was going through renovations when we made our reservations--the lobby had a bad stink--its smelled like a mix of paint and vomit. When we got to our room, it did not smell fresh at all, there was a moldly smell in the room. Our TV was fuzzy and the converter did not work properly. We complained and although someone came up to check out the problem with the TV, it was never fixed. We opted one morning to go for the morning buffet that Sheraton offered---the buffet was ok--the eggs were runny and the service was slow. I would not stay here ever again.	
Mar 28 2005	A Good Stay	Overall, a good stay. First, the positives:- Location: Despite what some have said, the location's actually great. A couple of blocks east of Michigan Ave./west of Navy pier, on the Chicago River and next door to the NBC Tower.- Great view from my room (11th floor, looking west along river and Wacker Drive).- Friendliness of Staff- Predictability of large chain hotel: Ease of check-in, check-out; several restaurant options inside hotel; attractive common areas in hotel, etc.- Very good rate ($79 per night excl. tax) for my stay, booked via Starwood website. At that rate, I would be inclined to stay again....and a few negatives:- The charge for use of hotel's workout facility. $10 per day. However, they do offer a $15 for your entire stay option.- The restaurants offer rather standard and bland fare and are overly priced. (Plenty of better options in the neighborhood...I recommend Boardman's Urban Kitchen in the NBC Tower for breakfast).- Some of the furniture in the rooms and the carpeting in the halls were worn and in need of replacement.- I had the world's smallest hotel TV in my room (a 19 or 20 inch Zenith).- Lots of familes and kids in the hotel, so if you're a business traveler, a couple w/out kids or a single leisure traveler, this probably isn't the hotel for you.	
Mar 25 2005 	Acceptable but not great	I stayed here last November for three nights. I decided to write this review when I saw how far down on the list it is for Chicago. I don't think it deserves to be quite so low.This hotel has some strong points: they let me check in at noon, which I consider to be a big plus. The lobby is beautiful, the staff seemed pleasant and professional. The location is quite nice, on the river. My room was quiet, which is very important to me.Now the negatives: I was sort of suprised when I got to my room. I expected something really nice and clean. The room had an overall feeling of not being very clean. There was dust, which is no big deal, but the blanket and pillowcases on one of the beds looked dirty. I really didn't want to change rooms so I just used the other bed and tried not to think about it. The comforters on the bed are too heavy (hot), but the beds are very comfortable.Another negative was a $2 charge every time I used my prepaid calling card in my room. That really added up. I recently stayed at the Courtyard on Ontario Street, and there was no charge for using my calling cardBottom line: I would stay here again if I had a good rate but it wouldn't be my first choice. I think this place is just so big that they don't keep track of the condition of each room.	
Mar 13 2005 	Clean up the room 	The only thing good about this hotel is that I got a good night's sleep (which of course is the most important thing).The hotel didn't seem very clean. The room only amplified that perception. The pool was over-congested (imagine a hotel with capicity for 3500 people and a pool that could fit a max of 10 in it!).So here were the positives:1. Great night's sleep and comfortable bed2. Bell man was helpful when leaving hotel (it's usually the other way around).Negatives:1. Less-than-clean room (hairs all over the place, marks, etc)2. Concierge was very rude and didn't know anything about the city - I eventually decided to make my way on my own and got lost for about 10 minutes3. Operators never answered the phone.4. Light bulbs were not working.5. They gave me the wrong room type from what I had reserved; then said they couldn't put me in another room!6. The Sheraton &quot;promise&quot; was not kept.You might ask why didn't I change rooms. I tried, but they said they had no more. This hotel has 999 rooms; it wouldn't be hard to find another.	
Feb 5 2005	Would stay here again.	This is a very nice hotel. We stayed there in 10/04. Our room had multiple windows and we could see the lake, navy pier, and the downtown area from our room. The bed was kind of strange because the blanket was so heavy that it felt like one of those lead aprons they put on you for an x-ray. The room had a nice sitting area with a loveseat &amp; a couple of chairs. The room was clean, but supplies weren't always stocked every day (i.e. cups, coffee, toiletries, etc.). Location was good, but not great; it was a little bit of a walk to Michigan Avenue or Navy Pier, but it wasn't a big deal. We parked initially at their parking garage, but then went to an underground lot across Columbus Ave (kind of hard to find) that was much cheaper for the rest of the weekend.	
Jan 27 2005	smallest TV ever	Stayed at the Sheraton towers over the weekend in jan 05. The bed was great but the TV was the smallest thing I have seen since junior high(1979). Door on room looked as if someone had tried to break in before and the heater or air doesnt work unless the dead bolt is locked.	
Jan 23 2005	Sheraton Hotel and Towers	I stayed at the hotel for a week in January:-Checkin:-Checked in at 2pm tried to put me in a standard room had booked a tower level room, guest response line took 4 hours and two hours to sort the problem out after a 8 hour flight not very impressive.Hotel Services:-These opened and closed when they like Towers Lounge closed three times during my stay which mean't you could take Breakfast in the Riverside but the staff were not interested in serving you..Business Centre:Opened and closed when it liked.Rooms:-The room was not clean and depended who cleaned your room each day it was very inconsistent.Overall: As a first time visitor to the hotel I was not impressed with the service in the hotel I would definately look at alternatives on my next visit a Good Bed does not make up for a poor stay...	
Jan 3 2005	Peace and quiet abound	We stayed at the Sheraton during Christmas week, 2004. We had a really nice corner room. We have stayed at other, nicer hotels, but noise has always been a problem no matter where we stay. This was truly the quietest hotel that we have ever stayed in. Parking is expensive, but that is the norm in big cities these days. Didn't eat at any of the restaurants, so cannot comment on them. Maid service was wonderful and very accommodating. A very nice stay overall.	
Jan 3 2005	Mediocre Location	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend in Chicago and had an okay experience. The location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown Chicago hotel. Everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in Chicago means a taxi ride. The other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere. I don't necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby, the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere. The pool/spa/excercise room was not very impressive either. It is accessible by walking through the business center corridor, wondering if you're going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small. There is also no hot tub and the &quot;spa&quot; is a closet with a massage table. The concierge was helpful but the people that answer the &quot;sheraton promise&quot; phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors. The beds were super comfortable. I think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do MUCH better in downtown Chicago.	
Dec 29 2004	Great	Killer location. Walkable to just about everywhere. Terrific views. Excellent fitness center. Everything that I'd expect from Sheraton's premiere Chicago location.	
Dec 24 2004	Nice hotel terrible staff	Just returned from 3 nights. The hotel is very nice and in a great location. Compared to other hotels in the area, the $75 a night rate from priceline was a great deal. I do however have to say the the staff here was one of the worst I have dealt with in all my travels. I have never seen such a pass the buck, non-caring staff at any hotel I have ever stayed. If location is all you are looking for I would recommend. However, if you are planning on assistance from the staff on any matter I would stay elsewhere.	
Dec 15 2004	Good time for young family	My family stayed here this past weekend. We had a very good experience; Good price (119), great view, very good beds, clean rooms, quiet, quick check-in and out, helpful staff, central location and a an indoor swimming pool with a great view. We will stay there again.	
Dec 14 2004	middle of the road	I procured my room through Hotwire at less than 100 dollars but i cannot complain. I had extra charges to my card through the Restaurant, that took jumping through some hoops to fix, but it was resolved, when i checked in i asked for a higher room with a view and the women gave me a great room on the 33rd floor directly below the executive level with a view of the south loop, the river, the lake and navy pier, what a view for a hundred dollars or so. Take your chances, watch your card after the fact and enoy. Also in response to the high valet charges, park your own car, i stay at hotels in chicago that i cannot actually afford through discount webistes, learn how to park your own car. It may be tough but do reseach and fnd out where is a safer cheaper alternative to park your car, but it pays off.	
Dec 12 2004	Boring but nice	I booked my reservation through Priceline so I shouldn't complain too much. The Sheraton has a lovely walkway along the river and the views of Lake Michigan are nice but there is something missing - charm. The location is also overrated. If you plan to use the CTA's public transportation while in Chicago, I recommend something closer to a train station. Although it looks close to everything on the map, the Sheraton is actually a substantial walk from attractions, shopping, etc.... The room was OK but, again, nothing memorable. The Sheraton probably deserves 3.5 but not four stars.	
Nov 16 2004	Great Location good hotel	I have stayed here twice, most recently last weekend. The rooms on both occasions were clean and rooms. One of the best things about staying here is the beds, they are great, nice big comforters, nice sheets, all very good. I only ate once in the hotel, breakfast and it was good all be it a little bit on the pricey side.The location could not be much better, it is a short walk to all the major attractions, it is pretty much in the middle of Michagen Avenue and Navy Pier. The only negative is the cost of parking, $24 per night, but that is not so much a critisism of the hotel but more a trend of the city. Overall I would defintely recomment this hotel.	
Nov 15 2004	Great Bed	We arrived at around 11am on a Saturday in Nov '04 and didn't expect to be able to check in. The front desk attendant informed me that the room type we requested wasn't available. We were flexible as far as the number of beds, so she checked us in right away. She must have upgraded us, because our room on the 27th floor was huge with a love seat, table w/4 chairs and a GREAT king size bed. We had a view of the city and the pier. Although the room was next to the ice machine room, we heard no noise. We were out and about most of the day, but the hotel was great for a relaxing night.	
Nov 14 2004	Much Better Choices in Chicago Than Here	I stayed at the Sheraton Towers for a few days about two months ago, and having spent a great deal of time in hotels this past year, this was one of the worst. The first room (at already nearly 200.00 per night) I was checked into was a dingy depressing pit without internet access, so after requesting an upgrade, I was given a much more spacious and clean room. But considering the upgrade wasn't complimentary and added another 40.00 a night to the cost of the room, I expected the high speed internet to be complimentary (as it is at much lower priced hotels)--especially considering I had asked for another room WITH internet. Unfortunately, after paying another 40.00 per day just to access the equipment, i then was forced to pay another 15.00 per day to hook up to the web! The linens were clean but nothing spectacular, certainly not the down and fine fabrics that one can find in other similarly rated but exceptionally superior hotels out there. I will hopefully never be forced through circumstance to stay here again. With a little planning, you can book a MUCH better hotel in Chicago.	
Oct 27 2004	Not convincing	I chose this hotel because of its central location. And... location was great. But the hotel desappointed me a little. At first I got a terrible old room. I changed to a renovated one and it was much better but I didn't feel it was worth it.	
Oct 27 2004	Picky Traveler has great stay at Sheraton	&quot;Picky Traveler has great stay at Sheraton&quot; is my title because i wish Trip Advisor reviews included a quick snapshot of the reviewer (i.e. &quot;cheapskate bargain hunter,&quot; &quot;considers Hampton Inn the nicest place ever..&quot; Mine would be &quot;roughing it = anything less than Ritz or 4 Seasons.&quot; :)Well, from check-in to check-out, I was delightfully surprised at the Chicago Hotel &amp; Towers! Both the bell staff and the front desk clerks were oh-so-friendly + helpful. The lobby was spacious &amp; pretty and includes an entrance to Shula's steakhouse. The guest room was sparkling clean, the linens were plush (no slick bedspreads here!), an ample minibar and luckily, our high-rise room overlooked the Chicago River with views of Lake Michigan (join Starwood's Pref Guest program!). For a picky frequent flier, i could not have been happier!	
Oct 25 2004	Great location!	Stayed at Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for two nights last weekend. The location is great and you can walk to places easily. Our room had view of Chicago River, which was pretty nice. Got a great deal through Hotwire but had hard time getting a room with one king size bed. I would suspect that that's one of the downsides that you have if you book through those online bargain sites like Hotwire or Priceline. Staffs were nice and cordial but they look like they were just reading off memorized verses from their employee handbook so I didn't really feel welcome. I was just one of the many guests that visit the hotel. However, I would say that the hotel itself is pretty nice in terms of its amenities and location.	
Oct 1 2004	Don't plan on getting the room you asked for!	I stayed at the Chicago Sheraton over the Labor Day weekend. While the location is wonderful, and the hotel is really nice, I wasn't given the room I had asked for. I called the previous day and asked for 2 rooms with double beds, and I ended up in the Concierge floor with only the living room of a suite. We were given a roll-away bed and the sofabed. Not really my idea of a comfortable holiday weekend! Apparently their idea of making up for the partial suite was free continental breakfast!	
Sep 10 2004	Great location Great Hotel!	I thought the Sheraton Chicago was a great hotel! It is located close to everything, including the new Millennium Park and Navy Pier. I will definately stay there again. The only complaint I have about the hotel is the concierge wasn't as helpful as I would have liked. Overall, I enjoyed my stay very much and will definately revisit!	
Sep 1 2004	not disappointing	My sister and I stayed at the Sheraton, and were not disappointed. Our room was updated, probably recently, and was beautiful. We had great views, and the beds were very comfy. I am very picky about what I sleep on, and everything was excellent in that area! I thought the location was good, we walked everywhere, and felt safe even late at night. I would recommend this hotel and I would stay here again.	
Aug 23 2004	rooms not worth a four star rating...	the sheraton boasts a four star rating, but the room we stayed in was no better than a cheap motel. besides its small size, the fact that our tv had no remote and one of the wall's drywall was partially caved in, the only reason we stayed in the room without demanding a new one was that there were 5 of us staying in it and we fortunately got an online deal for much much less than the normal &quot;going rate&quot; (plus we were only planning on spending a minimal amount of time actually in the room). the lobby is nice and the location does have beautiful views of the river and lake.. but if you're planning on paying the price of a four star hotel and expecting the same quality from its rooms, definitely go across the river to the swisotel.	
Aug 22 2004	Wonderful weekend!	Stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Towers for four nights over a holiday weekend to attend a wedding. The staff, location, service and decor were all impeccable. As friends and family were staying at different hotels, we visited a couple of others...and had guests visit us at the Sheraton. There was absolutely no comparison! The staff was attentive and friendly, making us feel very much at home. The gorgeous view of the river, proximity to Navy Pier and comfortable room really made for a super weekend.I'll be looking for excuses to visit Chicago!	
Aug 19 2004	Average at best	Stayed at the Sheraton Towers for a long weekend with my wife and three children. Location is great, Lobby and main floor amenities are impressive and then you get to your room.I've stayed in roadside, mid-range motels with better rooms. It was dingy, stark, small and below par for a hotel of this class. I'm not sure what other reviewers are accustomed to in accomodations but from the look of things on the site, this hotel has a bad history dating back quite a while. We still had a great time in Chicago but there are MANY more hotels in downtown Chicago that deliver the whole package. The Sheraton does not.	
Aug 12 2004	The Sheraton Was Great!	We booked the Sheraton through Hotwire on short notice. I wish we could have stayed longer. The room was beautiful, the bed was so comfortable I never wanted to leave it, and the location was wonderful, with river and lake views. The Sheraton would be my first choice - always.	
Aug 10 2004	Had a Great Time	My wife and son and I just spent a long weekend in Chicago at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers. Before our trip I had read a few reviews suggesting that this hotel had some problems, but I can report that I saw nothing that would keep me from coming back in the future. The staff were courteous and efficient, and the room was clean (as was the entire facility). We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Aug 9 2004	Great Hotel!	My fiancé stayed here for a quick weekend. We both absolutely loved the hotel. The bad reviews that I have read must come from people who just like to complain about everything and nothing could make them happy. We got a room on the 31st floor and had a wonderful view of the lake and city. The room was not big, but it was clean and the bed was comfortable. The hotel is in a GREAT location, walking distance to Navy Pier and a few blocks away from Michigan Avenue. The food at Shula's restaurant (in the hotel) is ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL!! Yes, it is pricey, but worth every penny. The staff was nice and attentive.Overall, we have a wonderful stay and will go back again. Don't hesitate!	
Aug 5 2004	Excellent stay	The Sheraton Hotel in Chicago was perfect. To all those who gave a poor review of the hotel, all I can say is that if you want a 5 star hotel at a 4 star price, then best of luck to you. Beginning at the front doors, the valet service was more than plentiful, and polite, (which can be hard to come by in large cities) and completely accommodating to us, as we wanted to park the car ourselves. The price for parking was $24 for 24 hours, but that seemed average for the entire city. In the lobby in the Sheraton Chicago, you'll see a large, romantically lit dome over the lounge chairs. Modern-looking waterfall fountains dot the escalator area, which you'll walk by in order arrive at the elevators. Upon entering your suite, you'll find a simple room, with the basic TV armoire, the bed of your choice, and in our case, an outstanding view. We could see the John Hancock building poking over the top of skyline with Lake Michigan in all its glory off to the East. The bathroom, again, was basic, but had a very pretty, deep maroon wallpaper with a white marble sink and countertop. At night the scenery was amazing, and I was happy to be able to get some great nighttime pictures with my new camera. The Sheraton is a place I will frequent on my trips to the Windy City. Well done, Sheraton.	
Aug 3 2004	Sheraton was Wonderful!	Just stayed at the Sheraton and had a wonderful experience! I was a concerned after reading some reviews, but we had a great room with a view of the Navy Pier from the 19th floor. Room was very comfortable and the staff had excellent attitudes. Room, food/drinks, and parking were a bit pricey, but I guess that's all a part of the Chicago experince in that area. I would stay here again.	
Jul 30 2004	Don't do it!	This was one of the worst experiences I've had in a long time! Check-in took nearly an hour, our (3) rooms did not have the beds that we requested. The parking situation down a separate set of elevators is horrendous and took forever to get our car after waiting in long lines for the elevator. There is an $8 charge to use the hotel's fitness center. The rooms were just so-so. But the worst of all was the rude, unhelpful, &quot;get outta my way&quot; staff. I'm a faithful Starwood customer, but this one has been crossed off my list!	
Jul 14 2004	Better than I thought	Read some bad reviews from this website, a little worried before arrival.But it turned out much better than I thought, clean room, nice view, great location, and reasonable price: $119+tax+self parking$24.We stayed there for 7/4 weekend, my family liked the hotel, so did I.	
Jul 13 2004	Above average hotel superior service!	I make frequent trips to Chicago, and I have stayed in numerous hotels, four star and better. Rarely do I stay in the same place twice, but I have to say that for the price, I'd definitely stay at the Sheraton again! My friend and I arrived early, at which time we were ENCOURAGED to check in early by valet (everywhere else I've been, we've had to check our bags &amp; return at check in time). Front desk service was quite slow, but incredibly polite, which made up for the lack of speed. Our bags were promptly sent to our room, and the man who brought the bags was extremely friendly and helpful. Whenever we left our room, each staff member we encountered throughout the hotel made it a point to stop what they were doing to greet us. I have NEVER had such incredible service and friendliness at ANY hotel I've stayed at, around the world. The room was &quot;okay&quot;, nothing too great, but clean and adequate. The decor was my style (however, we were informed that was changing as we were leaving that weekend). We didn't have any food, so I can't judge that. It was overall a very impressive stay, simply based on the level of service the staff have committed themselves to...the best around!!!	
Jul 12 2004	Stay here often	I stay at this hotel often on business. Rooms are very clean and include all ammenities. This property has the &quot;sweet sleeper beds&quot; which are EXTREMELY COMFORABLE! Location is very safe and is a 2 minute walk to the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot; Plenty of shopping and a movie theatre directly across the street provides rainy day fun which is a plus! Wireless Internet available for free in lobby but some rooms do not have any type of high speed connection.	
Jun 8 2004	Great Hotel	I found this hotel to be nice and clean. Location very good. Staff helpful. Check-in and out a breeze. View from hotel is great. Would highly recommend staying here. 	
Jun 8 2004	Great room great location	I got a room at the Sheraton through Priceline. After reading the terrible reviews on Trip Advisor I was very worried. I called the hotel and asked them if I could pay extra for an upgraded room to avoid any problems. They told me that I would have to wait until I arrived to see what they had available. I was worried! When we arrived the lobby was beautiful. The line to check in was long, about 10 minutes. Once we got to the counter we were treated very well. We were asked if we wanted to upgrade our room but we decided against it. We were given a corner room that is a little smaller than most but it was BEAUTIFUL. The beds were big and comfortable with soft down comforters. I would be happy to stay at the Sheraton again.	
Jun 6 2004	Do Not Stay Here!	My wife and I stayed at the Sheraton this past weekend and were extremely disappointed! The hotel is run down, the rooms were dusty, old, and the beds were just plain awful! The check and check out service was very poor and took a long time. The only remdeming factor is the location, which is great. However, all in all, I would NOT STAY HERE EVER AGAIN AND would recommend that others follow my advice.	
Jun 1 2004	Bad Experience	This was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. At check in we were told the hotel was overbooked. After a half hour we were given a room, but warned it might have a little odor because the carpet had just been cleaned. When we got to the room the odor was pungent and the floor still wet. After a short time in the room we called the desk and asked for another room. We were told that there were none and that we would have to relocate to the Westin. We agreed despite the fact that it was 1 in the morning. After another 45 minutes they found us a room in the Sheraton and finally by 2 A.M. we were in our room (we had to use a rollout because the room only had a king size bed). We had to change our room for a second time the next day to get two full size beds. In all I saw three rooms and all were mediocre at best. This is Holiday Inn or less in quality. The Sheraton should not be considered a 4 star hotel! The fitness center is small and a rip-off for ten dollars and parking is expensive although that is somewhat to be expected in downtown chicago. The only good things I can say about this hotel is that the staff was pleasant despite difficult circumstances and that the hotel is in a good location just a few blocks from Navy Pier. My recommendation is to go someplace else---don't get sucked in by the Sheraton name. I would never stay here again.	
Apr 5 2004	The remodeled rooms are very appealing!	I was lucky enough to get a remodeled room... I hear that some others (in the lower floors) weren't so lucky. The carpet, wallpaper, bedding, and everything was very nice! I wish my house could look that good. My only complaint would be the lack of high-speed Internet access in every room, and the small television in my room. The line to check out of the hotel was huge, so I would recommend that they get more front desk staff around noon... but I just used Express checkout to avoid the line. All in all, a really good experience, and in a really great location.	
Mar 26 2004	Horable!!	I had over $2,000.00 of electronics stolen from my room. Security at this hotel is horable and RUDE. &quot;Inside job&quot; Hotel gave me the run around. I recomend you to NEVER stay here unless you like poor service, unsafe rooms, and rude employees.	
Mar 12 2004	Never Again!	Stayed at the Sheraton Chicago at $285 a night, special conference rate. Drove up to hotel in my rental car, doorman yells to pull way down to end, parking manager yells at me to stop. I get out of car, and those two are yelling at each other. Check in and they have no rooms left, so we are put in a meeting room with one pull out sofa. We checked in at 11:00 p.m. and it took until 1:00 a.m. to get a rollaway for the kids. It had no pillows, never got any. I had some computer equipment in my car I was worried about so at 1:00 a.m. I went down to make sure the valet had parked my car. It was still there. I asked the parking guy about it and he said the car was locked, don't worry. I went over and it was not only unlocked, the driver's side window was down. One liter bottle of water in the bathroom was $4.00. Minibar stuff was about 50% higher than typical. When I checked out the parking was $40 per day and the printer jammed so they said I could not have a receipt. Since I needed it for my expense account I demanded a receipt and they purposely made me wait for about 20 minutes hoping I would give up. When I got home my American Express had an additional charge on it which I disputed and American Express removed because the hotel never responded to them. What a poorly run hotel!	
Feb 23 2004	Very nice	Enjoyed our stay here very much. Good location, great view of the city, lake and river from our 17th floor room. Room was good sized and clean. Easy walk to Michigan Ave. stores. Lots of taxis available and the trolly comes right out front. Parking is expensive, but anywhere downtown is. Pool is on the smaller side. Lobby and bar nice. Shula's restaurant is located in the lobby.	
Dec 30 2003	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights during the holiday period. The Sheraton is well situated, rooms are clean, and the view is great (we had the chance to be on the 30th floor with a view on the river). The service was fine and they solved 2 little bad experiences. On the first day we were billed $14 for refreshment we never took in the minibar. The ammount was refunded. On the third day, the hot water was down for the entire hotel. We called twice and were then offered a breakfast (but we had to queue 20 minutes to get coupons at the front desk, another 15 minutes to get a table and 20 more minutes to queue for the nice buffet). We had a good deal on the room, but I know there are better choices in this category. What I reproch to this Sheraton is that it has no identity, no real charm. We felt very anonymous in the hotel, the doorman where more joking than helping opening the door even when we came from the magnificient mile with many shopping bags... The decoration is quite standard an inexpressive. We had the chance to see friends at the Sofitel Water Tower and I can tell you it's probably one of the best alternatives. I couldn't beleve my eyes when I entered this hotel. Unfortunately, I think Sofitel doesn't fight in the same category and is more expensive	
Dec 18 2003	Great experience!	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Sheraton for five days in mid-November 2003. It was the first time to Chicago for us both. We were thrilled with the Sheraton, especially considering the low rate we got through one of the hotel blind-bidding sites. I'm in my 30s, well &quot;over&quot; the hostel scene, and I'm very picky about service and cleanliness. The Sheraton was well above average on both counts.The location was a plus, too. It's a very short walk to both the Magnificent Mile and the Navy Pier. I would recommend the Sheraton to anyone.	
Nov 18 2003	Great Stay	My family stayed at the Sheraton for the ASHA convention at McCormick Place. Our room was clean, the facilities were great, and the staff was extremely friendly. We had a king bed room and the rate was $90 on Priceline. Parking was SALTY, so we tried to utilize street parking as much as we could, but did lots of walking. Would stay here again - - great value for the money.	
Sep 4 2003	Average hotel terrible food	Great views, nice common areas, rooms are adequate but small. Check-in was less than adequate. Special offer was not fulfilled. Had an offer as a Sheraton preferred guest for room upgrade and $25 food credit, was not able to get either one, after paying in advance to assure the package. The food was terrible at breakfast. I left something in the room and was told by voice mail at the lost and found that my long distance call would be returned, it was not. I had to call back after waiting more than 48 hours for a response. Still not much effort was put forth to resolve this. Stay here if you can get a cheap room and be prepared to pay more for parking than is stated on the web-site.	
Sep 2 2003	Location Location Location	What a great location and excellent service at the hotel. The location is two blocks from the start of the magnificant mile and also a short walk to the trolley to the Navy Pier. The hotel holds your luggage free of charge on the day you checkout- nice feature for people like us who chose to park out in the suburbs for free and use public transportation. I recommend the CTA 3 or 5-day visitor Pass. Everybody was very nice at the hotel and for $90/night through Priceline the room was clean and adaquate.	
Aug 11 2003	This is NOT a 5 star hotel	The rooms are awfully small and dirty. This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. We will stay in Hyatt next time.	
Jun 26 2003	Great Time in Chicago!	Location was great, we walked to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The kids loved the pool.	
Jun 26 2003	Excellent in every way	Boy, if this is a bad economy, you couldn't tell by staying at the Sheraton. The place was a hub of activity. And, with all that was going on, the service was excellent. While I was there, I witnessed several political figures, including Jesse Jackson and Bill Clinton, in the ballroom area. It's cool being in a place that seems to be &quot;important&quot;. The location is great. We walked to Navy Pier in 10 minutes and Michigan Avenue in 5 - how can you beat that. We were very pleased with everything from start to finish and will be back.	
Jun 18 2003	Never Again!	-All services are slow. -Some (or most?) employees have attitude problems. -Rooms are unclean. (not obviously dirty, but dust and smelly) -Towls and linens are obsolescent.The hotel is not worth staying, not worth paying almos 200 bucks!	
Jun 17 2003	Not horrible but not quite what I expected	Definitely just OK. Although the lobby and staff were very nice, when I choose a hotel, I care more about the cleanliness of the guest rooms. Unfortuantely, there were stains on the bedspread and the carpet and we could hardly see out of the windows (cloudy/dirty). The room looked like a college apartment -- lacking furniture, pictures, etc. Would've been fine if it was cheaper, but not what I expected for $199/night!	
Jun 16 2003	Don't Judge A Book By Its Cover	On the outside, this hotel is amazing with its gorgeous views of the river, nice location just a touch off Michigan, looming towers that beckon you... The lobby continues to enchant you with its lovely decor - even as you're standing there checking in, you anticipate a great room. After all, this hotel seems to have lots to boast about. And so many locals seem to use it for their grand events and meetings. Wouldn't you also then expect a wonderful room? The first set of rooms we were given were completely unsatisfactory. One hadn't even been cleaned yet - dirty towels still on the floor, unmade beds. The other was worst - although we were on a non-smoking floor, the room reeked, like someone had just finished smoking a pack that day. Our second set of rooms were fine. Nothing impressive. Nothing to make us want to return. The beds were uncomfortable, the pillows flatter than anything we've ever had in a Chicago hotel. We've stayed at some very nice hotels in Chicago with rooms worth bragging about. I can't say that the Sheraton would be a place I would like to try again. Overall, our experience at this hotel was less gratifying that I expect from the Sheraton or from a 3-star hotel in Chicago. But, this is the risk we take with Hotwire. So for the price we received for this particular weekend near the Mile and the Pier, it was good enough for us.	
Jun 2 2003	Chicago Sheraton Downtown	I've actually stayed at the Chicago Sheraton more than once (I learn slowly). A sample of my experience: It took 20 minutes to find one of my room reservations--they insisted I was one short (I wasn't; they just took their time finding it on their computer because their reservations agent had misspelled my name--on only one of three reservations). It took a 45 minute wait for someone to open the Business Center so I could use a computer after I called from my room and was told to come down right away. Phone rates: daytime operator assisted rated plus 110% hotel surcharge (funny, until you get the bill!) If you have a car, that's more than $30 a night for valet parking. The food leaves a lot to be desired, and when I pointed some problems out to the staff, I felt they were about as responsive as a fire hydrant. Next time I'll take my chances with the Swissotel across the street; never stayed there before, but it has the same great location and I'm sure not going back to this or any other Sheraton.	
May 22 2003	disappointed		
May 18 2003	Weekend getaway		
May 14 2003 	Loved It		
Mar 31 2003	Not Impressed		
Feb 19 2003	extra charges		
Jan 1 2003	Pretty Sad		
Dec 31 2002	NEVER Again		
Dec 23 2002	Atmosphere fit the season...		
Dec 17 2002	Not a bad hotel needs updated		
Jul 10 2002	Nice room incredible views		
Aug 18 2009 	Zweckmässig - aber Frühstück ist Spitze		
Aug 16 2009 	ottimo		
Apr 27 2009	Tolles Hotel - Super Lage		
Mar 21 2009 	?????????????????		
Sep 12 2008 	magnifique hôtel à ne pas rater		
Sep 8 2008 	Excellent sejour		
Jul 5 2008 	Viejo pero bonito		
Jun 1 2008	Gehobenes Stadthotel in ruhiger Lage		
Oct 9 2007 	Una agradable visita al Sheraton		
Sep 8 2007	Très bel hotel		
