Nov 18 2009 	Excellent value in Downtown Chicago	I had to attend a convention in Chicago and couldn't afford the conference hotel (Palmer House) and so booked rooms at the Travelodge. I was expecting the worst (I've stayed in some NASTY Travelodges before), but the location and price were excellent so I figured I'd take a chance. First of all, the front desk staff was so nice - I wanted to check in early so I could attend some meetings at the conference, and they didn't even blink (most hotels try to make you feel bad for not waiting until 3). The room was quite large, bright, clean and cheerful and the bed was really comfortable. There are two restaurants downstairs - the little diner was perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch (and surprisingly inexpensive) and the Thai place was fabulous. Every hotel staff member I spoke with was friendly and chatty (especially the maintenance guy - I needed help with the in-room safe and he took care of everything quickly!). My only complaint is that their cable menu is missing some obvious channels (Weather, Comedy Central), but no one should be watching TV when there's the whole city to explore. Speaking of exploration - the Art Institute is just up the block and the hotel is also a block from the shopping on Michigan and State Streets, so everything is really convenient.Altogether, the hotel is old and not nearly as nice as the Palmer House, but it was so inexpensive and much better than I expected. Would absolutely stay there again.	
Nov 4 2009 	A pathetic depressing dump	A horrible experience. Ancient, slow elevators, surly desk staff, uncomfortable bed, lots of noise in hall, avoid at all costs.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent value for money.	Very close to the Loop. Furniture is a bit dated, but comfortable. Great free wireless internet in rooms. Very nice Thai restaurant in the house, or a cheapy fast food place with friendly staff.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great LocationValue for Money	Good location right in the centre (The Loop).Bought Breakfast in adjoining diner,Well priced.Hotel a bit noisy due to being in The Loop and trains passing by all through the night but probably same everywhere.Good sized room.Value for money.Reception staff very knowledgeable and helpful.Hotel just around corner from Buddy Guys Blues Legends Club.Well worth a visit.Make sure to visit Field Museum,excellent.	
Oct 25 2009 	Watch out for bedbugs	My daughter stayed here and brought home bedbugs. Check the mattress before staying here. I know bedbugs have become a serious problem in American hotels, but they are an expensive, aggravating and horrible problem when you get them in your house.The hotel offered her a free stay in their hotel as compensation! I am advising her not to go back there.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great customer service	Travelodge downtown Chicago was very accomodating, the front desk was great with directions and any of our many questions. There were two restraunts, both were good to eat at and the Chicago carryout was pretty reasonably priced as well.	
Oct 8 2009 	We have stayed here many times and are very pleased.	The Travelodge Downtown was a happy accident many years ago. We have found a hotel downtown that does not cost a fortune, is half a block from Michigan Avenue, Buckingham Fountain and Grant Park. We like this location because we can take the subway to/from O'Hare and have only a block walk to the hotel. Then we can take the subway to an Angels/Sox game. We can walk to shopping and museums. In the evening it is fun to go to Buckingham Fountain for the light show and Millenium Park. We spend time in Chicago once or twice a year and always stay at the Travelodge. It is an older building with some large rooms and some small. And they are all clean. This place is well maintained and has a VERY pleasant staff. On occasion we have had a car and the parking garage is very reasonable for the area. I can't say that the restaurant is good or bad as we go to our favorites in a city full of good food. VERY affordable for downtown Chicago.	
Oct 1 2009 	great location and value	This was our second stay at travelodge. This second time, we had a much nicer room with a city view. This hotel is for the budget minded because the carpeting is old and the furniture is dated, but the bathrooms are updated and well lit. I never felt the hotel was dirty, just worn. We've stayed at two of the hilton hotels in Chicago and though very pretty inside, I felt this location was better for us. I actually enjoyed the unpretentiousness of the hotel and attached restaurants and felt very much at home. I wish I could remember the name of the man who so helpful, helping us with our bicycles and luggage and warning us of the many marches going on when we took our bikes out. As for security, we left our door ajar one morning for only ten minutes before security was knocking to warn us. The mattresses during both visits were very comfortable. Though I'll admit the view of the alley on visit #1 was pretty dreary. I also like that we don't pay for swimming pools and excercise rooms we never use. I asked the maid for more coffee packets and she volunteered condiments? towels? anything else? We'llbe back, but if you're looking for the lap of luxury you will be dissapointed. By the way, the parking across the street is $28 night for cars, remember to have your pay stub validated. I believe this is a fair rate for Chicago.	
Sep 29 2009 	Noisy but good value	This is one of very few low priced hotels in downtown Chicago. The rooms are rather worn and the furniture is dated, but you get a fridge and a micro. Beds are fine. Internet worked great. My only real critisism is the noisy elevated Red line which runs just outside. Don't expect to get much sleep if you're a light sleeper. I wasn't that bothered though.	
Sep 29 2009 	Loved this hotel!! We will be back.	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my mom and sister. We found the room to be clean with unexpected amenities such as a refridgerator and microwave. The staff were friendly and helpful, especially the bellman, Lester. He helped us get on the correct bus and helped us with our luggage. I can't wait to go back and stay in this hotel. It was centrally located to all main attractions and we felt safe there. We loved it!!	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Value For The Money	My wife and I wanted to see Chicago and needed to be on a budget to afford everything else so we booked a week here. We had room 1235 (top story on end of building) so we didn't get a lot of noise all week. The staff at desk aren't very knowledgeable so just ask people on the street for advice/directions. Our room was pretty small but clean and we averaged $77/night including hotel tax. Try to get that anywhere in the loop!! Ice machines only on select floors (12th floor had one). Breakfast place downstairs was cheap for a quick starter meal. Bus stop on both east Congress and State street only blocks away as well as the underground portion of the &quot;EL&quot;. Great location to everything!	
Sep 17 2009 	U2 and the Cubbies...all in one day!!!	Fantastic location for what we needed. One block off of Michigan Ave, a few minute walk to Millenium Park, Soldier Field, the Magnificent Mile and the train to Wrigley Field!!! Check-in was quick, check-out was decent. Room 315 was quite large, with a very large bathroom as well. I would venture to say the room was at least 400 sq ft including the bathroom. The hotel could certainly upgrade the rooms and amenities (i.e. TV) but overall I was pleasantly surprised. At $150 per night and 28$ parking, it was the best value in the area that I could find and under the same circumstances, I would dfinitely stay there again. there is also 4 7-11's within walking distance!!! For our needs, I couldn't ask for anything more than what they had to offer!	
Aug 26 2009 	Not bad-great value	I stayed in room 535, the room has one full size (single person) bed. I wanted a cheap room and I did not plan to spend any time in the room except to sleep. There is no view from the windows of room 535, just brick buildings across the narrow alleyway but I don't care, I'm not hanging around in the room anyway, it was more important to me that the location was right in the heart of downtown, very close to the &quot;bean&quot; art thing next to the lake. I did not hear a single sound from anyone in the hall or in the other rooms, nothing. The hotel is old and solidly built so the sound doesn't pass through the walls like newer Motel 6 type places. Some people might not like the &quot;whoosh&quot; of the El train but I liked it, it was like a white noise that subdued any other noises. Really, seriously, the sound of the train was no big deal, it was fine.The good thing about this place is that you can call the hotel directly in Chicago; you don't need to deal with the national reservations call center. I called the hotel and asked for a discount and they dropped the price of the room down to $67 dollars per night. Parking is $26 per night, the only cheaper parking downtown is $24 so the price for parking is great, and you can take your car in and out of the lot as much as you need to for no extra fee.And another hugely important reason that I chose this hotel was because there is no fee to change or cancel your reservations typically up to 4pm on the day of the reservation. You don't get locked into the rate like places like Hotwire or Orbitz or whatever.	
Aug 11 2009 	Adequate accomodations	We stayed at this hotel while in town for Lollopalooza. For the purposes of this trip this hotel was fine. Convenience was very important since the concert was in grant park and this hotel was a mere 5 minute walk. We had an oversized room with two dbl beds, microwave, fridge, &quot;minibar&quot; area. Beds were comfortable, but certainly not anything special. Flimsy pillows. Small bath towels. Hotel is old and dated, but seemed well maintained for it's age. Bathroom was newly redone and very clean--just as seem in the photos on the website.I used to live in chicago the sound of the nearby train did not bother me, but we had earplugs just in case. There is a nice little restaurant downstairs with good, fast, inexpensive food (Chicago Carry-out).Service was very good--at check in and through out stay.My biggest complaine??? The elevators were sooooo slow. I know the hotel was sold out with festival goers, but the wait time for the elvators was painful. We were on the top floor and we could never get an elevator. In fact, when we were checking out we waited so long I called the front desk and asked for someone to come get us in the service elevator. They were kind enough to come get us--and we beat the full elevator that had stopped at our floor before we even called!In conclusion, you get what you pay for. The Travelodge is adequate if you need budget friendly accomodations (we paid $138/nt)in grant park area. However, I would not stay here if i was coming to chicago for a weekend that did not involve Lollapalooza.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great for college students	It's a cheap hotel, in a good location (next to the subway), the room was clean. Great if you dont want to spend too much money!	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent location. Good service. Good Price.	Extremely good location for using the subway and buses, which allows us to go to all places that we wanted to see in Chicago. There's a Thai restaurant next to the hotel- food wasn't bad. Pizza hut, KFC, Subway and Dunkin Donuts are just round the corner. Other restaurants, CVS, grocery stores etc could be found nearby too. It's within walking distance to go to the parks and Michigan Ave. from the hotel. Free coffee/tea per person per day. BEST: online check-in and print boarding pass for free using their computer at the lobby (I'm impressed). Luggage storage upon checking-out: $1 per bag. Parking is not free. Taking the subway from hotel is the most convenient way esp. weekends when there are special events and some streets are closed.	
Jul 30 2009 	Perfect if you just need a bed in the city!	The customer service was very nice, and you can leave your bags (for $1 a piece) after check-out so you can enjoy the city longer on your last day. The rooms were clean, and roomy enough for being in the city. Not much noise from other guests, and the el isn't too loud at night. Perfect if you just need a room to sleep in after a long day in the city. Super close to Buckingham Fountain/Grant Park, easy access to CTA. Valet parking across the street at $28 a night, but that's the usual price in downtown so it's a good deal. Chicago Carry-Out is easy for breakfast, and not too bad either.Pros- budget friendly, clean enough, close to downtown, quiet, NON-smokingCons- elevators slow, low water pressure in shower, no breakfast includedOverall it is wonderful for the budget traveler. I'd rather save my money to spend in the city!	
Jul 9 2009 	You get what you paid for...	It's the cheapest you can find in downtown, so don't expect too much. Coming from the south, I hated paying so much for a room that wasn't too great. Bathroom was redone and nice. Rooms felt somewhat dark and dingy. Great location.	
Jun 19 2009 	Really Good	A Real Gem. The hotel is excellent - Good, Big Rooms, Clean Bathroom with a Bath Tub, Near to Public transportations. The staff was excellent. room cleaning was good. room had coffee makers, free local calls, iron with board etc. The restaurant down below was also very good. You cross the street and you get Subway, KFC, Dunking Donuts all in a line. Really avery good hotel - willing to go back if Chicago is once again a destination.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great location on a budget	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and chose it due to it's central location and good rates compared to other hotels in the area. The location is brilliant, and as long as you don't expect too much from a budget hotel, it's fine. Our room was basic and a bit shabby, but clean. It was very noisy due to the L train right outside, I don't think you could stay for more than a few nights unless you can sleep through a lot of noise! The hotel seemed secure enough but I agree with other reviewers that I might not stay on my own as a female, just because there were often a few people around the outside of the hotel at night. I think if you're in a couple or a group it wouldn't be an issue. Overall, good value for money given how easy it is to get around the city.	
Jun 1 2009 	Really wasn't bad at all! HUGE and CLEAN room! Would stay again!	I stayed one night at the Travelodge Chicago Downtown this past weekend with two girlfriends. We wanted a cheap hotel in a decent location. This hotel has both! We never expected this hotel to be 5 Stars, and it wasn't, but we were pleasantly surprised! The main thing we were hoping was that the hotel would be CLEAN and we would feel safe. The outside, lobby, elevators, and hallways were all clean. Everyone who worked there and who were staying there were very friendly. Most other patrons of the hotel are young budget travelers like us. We were on the 6th floor, room 605 I think. Our room was HUGE. We had two double beds, which were across from each other in the long room. Two windows, a TV, an upholstered chair and desk, even a kitchenette! We never used it but it appeared very clean. Our bathroom was spotless! We had plenty of clean towels and soaps etc. The bathroom actually seemed like it may have been updated recently. The hotel smelled like a hotel but it wasn't a noticeable stench or anything. The carpets didn't appear stained or dirty (though I did wear my shoes in the room as a precaution), nor did the blankets or the walls. The room had two large closets, one with a safe, which I would recommend using if you were planning on leaving anything important in the room. Overall we felt the experience was just fine! I've stayed the night in friends apartments that were WAY nastier than this place. I will say that I probably wouldn't have stayed in this hotel alone as a young woman, but our group of three women felt perfectly fine together in this hotel as a group. One bit of advice: If you are a light sleeper, take a sleeping pill or ear plugs because the elevated train is catty corner from the hotel, and there were a few car alarms going off in the night. If you want a pretty decent location to stay in Chicago for a night or two, the Travelodge is a perfectly fine choice.	
May 26 2009 	It's a dump but OK location	My room was dirty, run down, noisy (window wouldn't close all the way and lots of street noise), the bathroom smelled strongly of mildew, the carpet was dirty, the bed sheets stained, small rough towels, cheap toilet paper, the bedspread tattered, the furniture beat up, no desk, etc. The location is close to Grant Park and not far from Millennium Park. There's a decent collection of shopping, restaurants, etc. within a few blocks. It's a bit more of a walk from the Orange and Blue lines of the el trains. A Metra stop is close by as well. The two restaurants attached to the lobby are both awful.Besides the location, the only positives were the free WiFi and nice front desk staff. The staff almost seemed apologetic about the condition of the hotel.In summary, it seems they haven't spent a dime on much of anything at this hotel in a very long time. It badly needs a remodel, new carpets, linens, furniture, etc. I suspect you can find a better deal in the area. I certainly won't stay at the Chicago TravelLodge again.	
May 8 2009 	Not the WORST place in the world	I agree with other reviews that says it is loud. The train literally runs about 100 feet from the building. But I think that is mostly because the windows are REALLY old and you hear all the noise coming in from them. By &quot;newly remodeled&quot; they mean Paint Coat number 862 on the walls, poorly applied I might add. Talking to them on the phone is just about pointless. I called twice and both times seemed like I was just bothering them. In person they were much friendlier. The bellman was quite nice actually. Of course housekeeping was knocking on my door starting at 8am to clean the room, which was kind of annoying every half hour... I would not recommend this hotel if you have any allergies, especially to dust. My room really could have used a thorough cleaning, but it was livable for one night. I did not have any bed bug issues, so that was good. The bathroom smelled of stagnent water, which I believe was the shower curtain. The tub was REALLY deep. Had the tub been clean, I definately would have relaxed in a hot bath, but there was slight coat of scum on it, so I decided to NOT be a human scouring pad. But, I guess in comparison to other rates in the area, it was cheap. If you are looking for a hotel experience, this is definately not your place. If all you need is a bed to sleep in for a few hours and a hot shower, you should be fine. Just bring a pair of earlplugs unless you are a really sound sleeper.	
Apr 24 2009 	Run Down Hotel - Decent Price - Good Location!	We stayed here mid April 2009 and got a very good rate through a 3rd party website. The Hotel looked to me like it was the first Travelodge ever made! The place is in desperate need of a refurbishment. The Room was fairly small but dirty and dark. The carpets were once red but now almost black with worn patches and stains. The bed had obviously had its fair share of sleepers and was in need of changing. The noise from the streets was so loud I was continuously waking up throughout the night. I do believe though that with a complete refit this hotel would be a nice place to stay. It’s within walking distance of Grant Park, The Navy Pier and the Sears Towers. In the lobby there is a great value breakfast bar / cafe which I believe is independently owned, which we went to every morning for breakfast sandwiches. I would only stay here if you are on a budget and need a hotel in which you just lay your head down for the night.	
Apr 20 2009 	It looked like high crimes were committed in my room	We chose this hotel because it was close to the office and reasonably priced. MISTAKE. The front desk seemed uninterested that we had arrived and in a hurry to get back to their chit chatting.The room was like a jail cell. It was small, cramped and dirty. The couch in the room was COVERED in stains of god knows what and I refused to go near it. It was the kind of room where yo9u use a tissue to change the channel on the TV.The bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever slept on. We kept looking under the covers at the bed itself because we were certain we were just going to see planks of wood. My boyfriend and I would have been on the couch in a second if it wasn't so filthy.	
Apr 20 2009 	Beware! I lost money credit card passport 	My friend whom we were visiting in Chicago booked us in this hotel last April 12-13. I won't complain about the dirty carpets and leftover tissues but about the security in this hotel. This hotel has NONE!! When we came back to the hotel the evening of April 12 from a day of touring the city, we saw that there was no complimentary water so we went down to 711 to buy some. Since it was already 10pm, we thought it would be safe to leave my envelope containing my credit cards, passport, some money and plane ticket in the night stand's drawer than carry it with us outside and we would be gone for only a little while. We were out for about 45 minutes. When we went out of the room, I noticed there were young people outside our room in the corridor hanging out. I thought they were tourists like us. Now I am beginning to think otherwise. The next day, we checked out at 11 am. Before we left I checked the drawer but only the bible was there so I thought my companion already retrieved the envelope because she was the one packing our things. I was busy working on my laptop. When we reached Cleveland, we found out that the envolope was missing and my friend said she did not take it out of the drawer and she thought I took because I was working on the table. We called the hotel immediately but the front desk said we had to wait until 8 am to be able to speak to the housekeeping or to check the room because only himself and the doorman are in the hotel. There were no emergency number to reach anyone who could answer our questions. When asked if somebody checked-in after we checked-out, he said yes. The next morning when we called again, the day staff said nobody used the room after we checked out and they will check out the room and call us back. They called us back once to say they did not find anything but I said it should be there as we are very sure and where else would it go and there's money and credit cards in it. Hearing there were money there, he said they will investigate and call us back. They never called us back again and we made several calls, got connected to the manager's office and was answered by machines. So we drove back to Chicago early the next day from Cleveland for 6 hours. We looked for the manager and he met us in the lobby and he was very rude and unaccommodating. He would not even listen and entertain the possibility that my valuables have been stolen from the room. The first thing he said when he met us is that we are free to file a police report about the loss. He ordered my brother in law to leave when he suggested the valuables might have been stolen. He only wanted to believe that we misplaced it somewhere. But we are very sure that we did not. I thought my brother in law and the manager would end up in a fight because the manager was short of pushing my brother in law out because he suggested that my valuables could have been stolen. My sister and I had to stand between the two of them while my brother in law was telling the manager, &quot; Don't you lay your hands on me!&quot; Seeing the hostilty, we left. We did not come for a confrontation but with a hope of finding even just my passport so I can fly back to the philippines the next day. We spent the rest of the day at the Consulate to secure Travel documents to facilitate my travel without a passport. So fellow travelers, if you don't want any trouble, STAY AWAY from this hotel!!! There are other hotels with relatively the same price but much cleaner and safer than Travelodge. The hotel has no security at all! They have no security cameras in corridor nor staff in the lobby at night other than the doorman and 1 receptionist. if your room is flooding at night, you'll have to wait until the next morning before somebody fix it, if they will.We learned a painful lesson. Never take your valuables off your body and NEVER EXPECT A HOTEL TRAVELODGE IN CHICAGO TO CARE about what happen to them.	
Mar 29 2009 	A wonderfully convenient location at a very moderate price	The Chicago Downtown Travelodge is in an older building, but it has been completely renovated and is very clean. The front desk was friendly and helpful. There is a cafe at one side of the lobby, at which I ate breakfast, and an inexpensive, good Thai restaurant at the other side of the lobby. There are plenty of other eating places within a couple of blocks. Some rooms have microwaves and fridges. The room prices are extremely reasonable for Chicago. There is a parking garage across the street from the hotel, but travelers arriving by bus, train, or plane have handy access to the CTA and Metra trains and buses. The hotel is also within easy walking distance of the Art Institute, State Street shopping, and Michigan Avenue. The only thing I did not like was the hotel's nonrefundable cancellation policy, which appears to apply to some reservations, so be sure to ask about this.	
Mar 7 2009 	Not bad at all. No bugs.	I was aprehensive at first because of a review that I had read. I must say though that I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is dated and looks like a budget hotel. But it is comfortable, clean and the staff is friendly. I live in New York City and know that there are issues w/ pests in this day and age of green chemicals. And not a week goes by that I don't hear about some hotel in NY having some kind of issue. I did not find any reason to fear here. The beds are comfy, the location is great, and as I mentioned the staff is nice. This is all that I look for in a hotel. So I'm sure there are times that others will have issues, but who knows how their days went anyway.	
Feb 26 2009 	Noisy and poor service	I stayed there for 3 long days. It was my fist time in Chicago and wanted a close hotel to the main attractions so i decided to go for this hotel because it was cheap and well located. I arrived there with the flu and not feeling that good so i just wanted to get some rest and take a shower. My key didnt work properly the first time and went to look for some help. Well nobody could help me because there were nobody at the front desk. I went back to my room to the 5th floor still carrying my luggage! I found out this guy having a conversation with someone. Instead of being there to help. He just opened me the door. The room decoration was old and needed some paint and maintenance. Is like your back in the 90's. The room smelled funny because you cant open the windows. The bathroom was very simple but thank God clean even though they left the same toilet paper that probably someone else used. There was in the trash a used tissue next to my bed which gave me the idea that they dont clean that often. The tv wasnt working properly and i could only watch 4 channels, the remote didnt even work so i had to get up and change the chanel every single time. The only good thing of the room was that the bed was very comfy and clean so i slept kind of good until the train started to operate at early morning. One of the maids were too loud! She was laughing so loud like she didnt care that there were people trying to sleep! Oh! and there was a construction at the corner of the hotel! I was sick and just wanted a little bit of peace. On my second day I went shopping and when i got back my key didnt work again so i went back to the 1st floor so they could change it. My bed wasnt even made and my trash was still there. The elevator almost got stuck while 2 guys and me were on there. Their internet acess is poorly. They dont really have a good signal all over the room. The day of my check out i called the front desk to let them know i wanted to check out earlier and they said yes no problem so when i went down to check out the guy there said i would have to wait because 'he was busy doing things' and i had a flight to phx so couldnt wait for him to be ready to help me. He said that he will fax my bills and still havent received anything yet. If you dont care too much about sleeping then this hotel could work for you. I would say spend a little bit more and have a quality treatment. The only good thing is the location. Grant Park is right around the corner. Also the Magnificent Mile and Millenium Park, but i would definetely say go for another option.	
Feb 26 2009 	Cheap hotel Use in case of emergency.	Smells really bad. Like an Indian restaurant. The rooms are big and bed are confortable. Good location and easy to get. Just for an emergency night.	
Jan 30 2009 	Location and Price not the rooms	I stayed at this hotel on a long weekend trip with friend to see the city and a Bears game. The hotel is about 200 yards from Grant park. In Grant park you can walk to the North end to Millennium Park, in the Middle is the art museum and the far end the planetarium, history museum and finally Soldier’s Field. We walked to the game in less than 15 minutes. There are affordable cab rides to the magnificent mile, Rush St., or the Sears tower. The rooms them self are nothing special but the staff at the desk were friendly and could make some good recommendations of where to go. For what I paid and what I expect it was great, but for what the place is ... not that nice but everything you need and a great location for everything you want to see.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great location poor cleanliness	My wife and I came here to perform at a wedding at a nearby church (we are musicians), so the location worked out perfectly for us. Also, there were some restaurants and bars that looked like they would be fun. We are fans of Wyndham properties in general (Super 8, Travelodge, Days Inn), so this looked like a sure bet. We checked in around 5 PM on a Friday night. The front desk staff seemed more interested in their own conversation than attending to the guests wishing to check in, so this irked my wife right away. We were given a non-smoking room on the 6th floor and proceeded to the room.The first room we were given reeked of cigarette smoke, so I went downstairs while my wife stood by, hoping for a room on the same floor (we had lots of luggage). No luck. But after a quick change and a promise the new room would be cleaner, we got our 4th floor room.This room was non-smoking, but needed much attention from maintenance. There were stains on the curtains and a seam in the carpet was very apparent. My wife found some used tissue behind one of the nightstands. Since we were there one night, we made the best of it.Other reviews complain about the room cleanliness, and I have to agree. We have stayed at other Travelodges and other Chicago area hotels, and had much better experiences. Give this one a pass unless you are desperate.	
Jan 11 2009	Watch out for the bed bugs...	Don't be deceived by this hotel's affordable rates and great location. Our room was not cleaned very well--there was an imprint of an iron in the rug on our carpet. I've never seen anything like that. But wait--there's more! The hotel is infested with bed bugs! My brother and I stayed for one night in June, 2008, and left with 30+ bites on our bodies. We went to a doctor upon returning home and he diagnosed the bites as being from bed bugs. It was disgusting! I called the manager (Mr. Minas Gorguis) to complain. He even indicated that they'd had bed bugs one month prior to our stay. I demanded my money back for that night's stay, but he refused to do so. He actually had the audacity to invite us back to stay another night, but there was no chance that we were going to do that, since we did not want to take the chance and get bitten by more bed bugs!!This was absolutely by far the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at!!!!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!! I have traveled extensively, all over the world, and have stayed in many different hotels. I will NEVER stay at a Travelodge again, and most definitely WILL NOT stay at the Travelodge in Chicago. We complained to the Better Business Bureau, and are seriously considering pursuing litigation against Travelodge. Pay a little bit more, and stay at a nicer hotel in the area. I posted my review here because Mr. Gorguis has not assured us that they have taken the necessary precautions to ensure that this does not happen again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great location - I'll Be Back	I visited Chicago for two days on a backpacker's budget so was looking for something cheap but tidy and close to the city.The Travelodge delivered on all my requirements. Some reviews I'd read on this site complained about noise from the street and nearby L train. I had a room facing the main street and had no problems.Staff were friendly and provided local info on best attractions/bars/restaurants etc.For those travelling without a laptop there is a guest computer in the foyer that provides free internet access.The room was clean, bed freshly made and the shower hot - all I required from my base while I explored the city.There is a Dunkin' Donuts and Subway 2 min walk away, a restaurant in the foyer and plenty of food outlets nearby.The nearest subway station - Harrison (red line) is a block from the hotel (for travel to O'Hare airport travel one station to Jackson and transfer to the blue line train). The L Train is a three block walk and will get you around the inner city.	
Jan 1 2009 	Good Location and price for chicago	Good for travelers on a budget, wanting no frills.Easy access to Grant/millenium Parks. Walking distance to Michigan Ave.	
Dec 3 2008 	Sufficient for the purpose	-Recently stayed at the Travelodge for the RSNA convention at McCormick Place.Many of the reviews are spot on - The rooms are clean, albeit dated, the staff is friendly and the location is great - but bring your ear plugs if your room faces the train tacks. It's pretty brutal.The HVAC was a bit of a mystery but I found the right mix of heat and coolness.The convenience factor offsets the other distractions and the place will suffice for a night or two. The WiFi worked fine and it is truly free.I'll call this one a tie between the economic gain and the comfort factor.	
Oct 31 2008 	Adequate	Friends and I recently stayed here for a conference at McCormick Plaza. We chose it because it is only one block from the Hilton, where the conference shuttle would pick us up. The location was convenient, walking distance to the el and the lakefront. The Wabash block has several chain fast-food shops and a classy liquor store, and many of the other neighborhood buildings belong to Columbia College. Right now there is sidewalk construction which starts around 7am and was louder than the nearby elevated train.The hotel itself is old and drafty. The size of our room was fine, but it had several problematic details. The safe did not work, the TV sound was bad, the bathroom lock was broken. The radiator was barely warm enough to toast our poorly insulated corner room, but in our friends' room it was so warm they left the air conditioner on to combat the radiator. When our in-room movie didn't work, the staff could not fix it, but could only offer to let us change rooms for one with a working TV. The linens were old, but clean.Not exactly comforts of home, but it was the most affordable hotel in the neighborhood, so it made these inconveniences OK with me.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good Price in Chicago	We came in from the Chicago Suburbs for an activity in the city. The hotel was just fine for 4 of us. We appreciated the room safe. Our room was in the back by the alley, but inspite of reviews that this was a bad location, it was actually quiet and probably better than the side with the &quot;L&quot; going by all the time. A Panera is only a block north and west, so breakfast was easy to take care of. Subway is across the street for a quick lunch, and lots of more eating choices of all prices are within walking distance. Hotel a bit tired. The staff was nice. Room clean. We were on the third floor so walked up and down as the elevators were a bit slow in showing up. We did not use parking as we used public transportation in and out of the city.Overall I would stay here again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Nice Experience	Although I was not sure what to expect for the price, we found the TravelLodge a nice place to stay. Yes, it is older but it was clean and served our needs. The staff was friendly and well informed on the easy way to get to the sites. We did have to ask for a hair dryer and toothpaste at the desk and they gladly provided it. The 2 resturants connected to the lobby were good. One was Thai I believe and the other was a breakfast to dinner joint. It had a lot of choices to pick from on the menu. The hotel is close to a lot of major sites. The L that runs by is quite noisy but we didn't notice after we fell asleep. We would leave by 9:00am and not return untill 9-10PM, so as much time as we spent in the room, the price was right. We stayed 3 days, 2 nights and they held our baggage for us until our rooms were ready and until our train left which gave us extra time to roam the city without draging our bags around. The next time I am in Chicago, this will be the first place I would check out. The price is right.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great location for a budget hotel	The hotel is good if you want to save money being in a very central location in Chicago. You are just few steps from Grant Park and from the subway stops in theLoop.The forniture and the internal aspect of the hotel are old-fashion and not fancy at all. Anyway you have a 30'' TV and free Wi-Fi connection. The bathroom could be more clean (in the angles you can find dirty) but overall it is ok. I didn't find the hotel noisy though my window was on the side that looks on the &quot;L&quot; train tracks.	
Sep 19 2008 	Location okay but bring earplugs	Let me start with a couple of positive notes on this hotel. For the Chicago Loop location, it's relatively cheap. The red line subway and the buses are just 1 or 2 blocks away . The rooms are quite large and the view is nice.Now come the bad parts:The EL train tracks are across the street. The passing trains create considerable noise, and as they run from 05:00 AM to 01:00 AM, earplugs are a necessity for a good night's sleep.It's an old building. The doors jam and the locks are not in good condition. I had to jiggle the front and bathroom door to get them open and shut. Walking down the hallway one morning, we heard someone who got locked inside the room because the front door wouldn't open.All in all a reasonable choise, but if you like a room with a view, bring earplugs.	
Sep 12 2008 	Scabies Alert	The Travel Lodge was a great choice for budget travelers, but after returning home we learned that you get what you paid for, or didn't pay for in our case.Three out of the four of us who stayed in the small two double bedroom on the 11th floor got home only to find out we had contracted scabies from the hotel beds. When we tried to alert the housekeeping staff and managers of the problem on their hands but we were met with a lackadaisical attitude and a manager who didn't believe us. In fact he refused to refund our money until we had notes from our doctors (which wasn't a problem because we all had our doctors write them in case the hotel didn't take us seriously) We were finally given a refund after a number of phone calls. However the doctors, the prescriptions, the itching have not been compensated for and hardly worth the money we &quot;saved&quot; by staying somewhere cheap.I seriously recommend paying a little more a night to stay in a hotel that takes their cleanliness seriously.	
Aug 29 2008 	Budget Hotel in Great Downtown Chicago Location	I wanted a hotel right in the downtown of Chicago as close to Lake Michigan and Grant Park as possible, because I wanted to be near everything I wanted to see. Most of the hotels in this area were extremely expensive and not affordable, except for the Travelodge Downtown Hotel. It is located just two blocks from Grant Park and just one block from the Chicago Transit Authority Red Line stop. I found their best rate online for AAA and AARP discounts, then called them and asked them if they could do better. They could -- they gave me 15% off the AARP rate! If you fly into O'Hare Airport, you take the CTA Blue Line train to the Jackson stop, then walk three blocks east to Wabash Street and, under the elevated train tracks overhead, walk another three blocks south to Harrison Street. The Travelodge is located at the southeast corner of Wabash and Harrison Streets. There is parking available in a parking garage behind the hotel which costs about $29 per day with the hotel discount, or you can park across the street in an uncovered private parking lot for $13 per day. The hotel is not the sort of hotel a business traveler would use, from what I saw of its amenities but it is perfect for budget travelers. A real plus for me is that it offers free wi-fi that you can access from your room. The rooms are drab, but the linens and towels, etc. seemed to be in good shape, although not of a high quality. A negative is that the rooms are VERY NOISY from outside noise. The hotel fronts the street and the back of it which has a t-shape either faces the parking garage or a busy alley that runs behind other big hotels and restaurants. Dump trucks went through the alley all night long emptying out dumpsters -- the noise echoed through the alley and literally made the room vibrate inside. I bought earplugs for the second night and the dumpsters being emptied still woke me up -- I could feel the concussion through my pillow! That was a real negative for me. The rooms have color TVs with local channels and HBO and Showtime for free, and some PPV channels -- it was about a 19-inch. There are no desks in the rooms from which to write if you are here on business travel. There is an ATM machine in the lobby. There is a Thai restaurant on the ground floor of the hotel and a small eat-in/takeout place on the other side of the hotel ground floor that opens at 6:30 AM is offers economical morning and afternoon meals. Subway and Pizza Hut were across the street and a 7-Eleven was two blocks away. The front desk clerk was somewhat grumpy when I checked in and a separate front desk clerk was harried and grumpy when I checked out, but the bell captain was very helpful when I asked for information on the best buses and subways to take to attractions. The rooms have free voicemail and if you need to receive a fax, the hotel does not charge to receive them, but they do charge to send them -- most hotels charge to receive them, so that was nice. The elevators all seemed to work (but don't look in the mirrors inside the elevators -- they were like carnival mirrors, everyone looks squat and wide in them). If I came back to Chicago on business, I would stay somewhere else (because my company would be paying) but if I came back myself on leisure, I would stay here again, except I would try to make sure I didn't get a room that faced the alley -- I think the rooms facing the street would have been quieter.	
Aug 13 2008 	Not bad really	Ok, for anyone about to stay at this hotel you really need to lower your expectations. First this is not a 5 star hotel. Ok? This is at most a 2 star hotel but don't let that stop you from booking or staying here. I found the front desk folk to be quite nice. When we first went to check in our room wasn't ready. No biggie since it was about 11am and I wasn't expecting it to be ready. We dropped off our bags and came back a few hours later. Still the room wasn't ready and since it wasn't the lady upgraded us to a suite. Now if this happens to you don't get too excited. With the suite you get a fridge, a microwave and a sink along with a living room type deal. I will admit though that it was nice to have the extra space. I found the room upon checking in to be clean, the pillows to be slightly better then most 2 star hotels and from what the mister says the bed was comfy. For him to say the bed is comfy he is telling the truth since he has a lot of back issues. For me well a bed is a bed, I can sleep on almost anything. As for the location of the hotel well it is a bit of a distance to most anything but the location I would say is a safe one. There is a 24 hour Dunkin Doughnuts about a block away and the red line is a couple blocks away so that was nice. Now the question. Would I stay here again? Hmmm well maybe only if the Ohio House is full or I couldn't get a good rate at the Days Inn over in Lincoln Park. But I think my travels to Chicago are about over since in 6 months I will be moving out there and making the wonderful windy city my home :) I heart you Chitown!	
Aug 7 2008 	nice 	My husband &amp; I went to Chicago for Lollapalooza, from July 31 to August 4, 2008. Location was key, we wanted to be walking distance to most attractions. The hotel was maybe a 15 min walk to Grant Park, 10 min to Millennium Park. We took a taxi to Navy Pier &amp; Shedd Aquarium, it was only $7 each. There is a Dunkin Donuts, KFC, Pizzahut, Subway... all at the corner of the hotel, very convenient. When we checked in, went up to our room, the key did not work, we kept trying &amp; then a guy opened the door! We made our reservation (for a single double bed room) 2 months in advance, so were we really annoyed thinking they had double booked the room... but they upgraded us to a king bed room at no additional charge. The bed was comfortable, but the room &amp; bathroom were so small. The water pressure was weak &amp; no hot water a few times.The hotel was very old, not the nicest hotel I've stayed at, but we knew that going in... we found the photos posted here helpful &amp; similar to our room.Overall, this hotel is very expensive for what you get ($139/night for a double bed room &amp; $32/day to park our small SUV), but the location was great. Stay here if close location to Parks &amp; shopping is what you're after!	
Jul 25 2008 	Great hotel great price great location!!!	Very clean, close to all subways and buses. Very nice people!!! I will stay in this hotel my next trip to Chicago.	
Jul 23 2008 	It Was Great For Me	I booked this hotel for a total of eight days in mid-to-late June when I needed to come to Chicago for an operation. The room they gave me (twice - on either side of the surgery) was large and clean; it had both a refrigerator and a microwave. The bathroom alone was larger than some hotel rooms I have stayed in. Everything worked properly and the bed was comfortable (important for a recuperating surgical patient). The staff were friendly and informative. There is wireless internet capability in the rooms and a dedicated terminal in the lobby for those who need web access but don't have a laptop. There were perhaps five restaurants and three stores very nearby (one to two blocks), and Chicago's metro rail system was accessible a block away. I don't know how anyone could rate this a bad hotel; my stay was wonderful, and I'll definitely book again if ever need to go back to Chicago. By the way, the Hilton is about two blocks away - in the &quot;bad direction&quot; - and their prices were $ignificantly higher... I highly recommend the Travelodge.	
Jul 21 2008	Hated this place!	This was one of the worst hotel experiences of my life. I (mom) was in Chicago with my adult son and had booked a room with 2 double beds. Instead we got a room with a King bed and were told there were no other rooms available. When I asked for a cot, none of those were available either. When I asked to speak to the manager, he was also unavailable. After I became angry, the desk clerk gave my son another room and assured me that we would not be charged for it. He also assured me that they could change our room to one with 2 beds in the morning and that I could speak to the manager in the morning. The room my son got stunk of cigarettes, despite the fact that the hotel is advertised as being totally non-smoking, and when he turned on the air conditioner, it tripped a circuit and so he had no electrical power for the night.My room lacked many of the usual amenities found in a standard hotel room such as tissues and phone book. When I called the desk to get some, the &quot;security&quot; guy brought them up. In addition, I could not figure out how to work the TV even after talking to the desk, and AGAIN, they sent up the &quot;security&quot; guy to help me. He had to read his handwritten directions to figure out the TV. There were no directions in the room on how to use the TV. We decided to check out in the morning and find another hotel. When we checked out, I asked for the manager once again, but he was not on the premises and I was told he was not coming in that day. My advice is DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL. The hostel would probably be better and cheaper. The good news is that we found a great hotel for the second night we were in Chicago.	
Jul 11 2008 	Never again	Service at the Travelodge Downtown is really terrible. The three front desk staff we encountered were all unhelpful and disorganised. The first lady could not find our reservation, and told us to come back later. She told us though they had plenty of rooms &quot;none were clean yet&quot; and to come back after 3.30. When we returned our reservation had been cancelled because it was 4.15 and all reservations are cancelled at 4pm. The third person we encountered was downright rude, and tried to charge us $130 when the reservation rate was only $85. We were not intimidated by his attitude however, and assured him we would only be paying what was agreed when we checked in and not what he wanted to charge us when we checked out. This is despite his claim that &quot;the rate fluctuates&quot;. The cleaner also came into clean duly ignoring the &quot;Do Not Disturb Sign&quot; on the door.Rooms are shabby and noisy. The corridors are dark and dingy. Not all amenities in good order: coffee maker, phone, tv and lamp were broken. The air freshener smell is also overwhelming - not sure what it is meant to conceal.Location is far from the Mag Mile, but this is the least of your worries if you stay here - you'll be glad to be as far away from the hotel as possible. Single females may also find the hotel a bit scary. Note to UK readers: this hotel is not owned or operated by Travelodge UK and is of a much lower standard.	
Jun 24 2008 	Worth The Price	This hotel is nothing special. It does have a great location though it's closer to the museum campus than Magnificent Mile. The walk wasn't too terrible but it was a good location. The hotel itself has two restraunts attached a sushi and then a hamburger place. Our room was very large and set up in the old style (the hotel was built in the 20's) The builing was older but that gave it some of its charm. The sink in our kitchenette didn't work and our t.v. only got 1 channel. But we were never in our room. The hotel staff was friendly and accomadating. For a trip to chicago where you'll never be in your room except to sleep this hotel accomodates the explorer. We weren't leaving until 3 in the afternoon and we had to check out at 11 but the hotel offered a bag check were you could check your bags in go out and about and come back for our stuff which was very convieniant. All in all the hotel offered the basic ammenities.	
May 9 2008 	It is like being in a Hopper painting - good mood required	I went to Chicago for a few days; my main objective was to see the exhibit on Edward Hopper at the Art Institute, for those who are not familiar, Hopper is famous for his portrayal of depressed people in a 50's urban setting. Staying at the Travelodge turned out to be a very funny experience as the hotel has a strange Hopper feel. For instance, the personnel is helpful and polite, but everybody look soooo depressed; you can feel that those people hate their jobs and their lives. The hotel itself is very old, but clean. The whole decor is reminescent of a 1950's hotel, lot of gaudy carpeting everywhere. The room itself was OK. Unlike other reviews I read, the bathroom was just fine (but I have the feeling it may vary a lot from one room to the other). The furniture has seen better days. Lot of dents. The bed was uncomfortable at first, but then we quickly realized it had simply never been fliped. Once we did that, it was fine, it was in fact a good Serta mattress. And whoever did the last painting job inside the room should be fired as he did not bother protecting the furniture; the tv and bed had paint stains. The major problems are the very old windows, the close proximity to the elevated subway (see photo) and the antique air conditioninhg system, combined together, they make for a very noisy room (make sure to bring ear plugs as one other reviewer suggested - thanks for the tip by the way). But, on the other hand the insulation between rooms is great (all walls are concrete). There were kids on the next room but I never heard a noise (I have been to Hillton hotels where you could tell what TV program was playing next door). The view from the window is depressing (the train + a concrete parking ) but, I felt the location was perfect. I was one block away from Michigan avenue; and, I could walk to the lake and the museums. And if I wanted to go uptown I could take a bus on Michigan ave (there are buses every min - no kidding). We found the fast food restaurant very convenient. Once again it had a funny 50's feel. It is fast food all right, but we did not want to waist time in a restaurant, so it worked fine for us. One funny note: I found a good bottle of wine in downtown in Chicago, and I wanted to open it, but because of the new plane regulations I did have an opener with me. So I asked the concierge if he had one. He did have one but, explained, that because they got stolen all the time, I had to open my bottle on the spot in the main lobby. I thought the guy was joking; no, he was not. So I ended up opening my St Emilion in front of other guests. I laughed so much afterwards......Overall, I am not sure I would go there again. I was in a good mood; and, I looked at the bright side of the whole thing thinking the experience was in tune with my love for Edward Hopper's work. I think next time I go to Chicago, I will go for a quieter hotel, possibly the Best Western which is close by. If I had to go again to the Travelodge, I would go for a double bed room; I took a peek, they are like small appartments with a kitchen sink, fridge and microwave, plus they are on the far side away from the subway. Otherwise, go for a room on the top floor, and don't hesitate to ask for naither room, if you are not happy. As I said before, I think there is great variation between rooms.	
Apr 30 2008 	Okay if you're more concerned about cost than comfort.	The hotel is quite old, and it shows.The room was strangely laid out, but was nice and large. We had a small fridge, microwave and coffee make which were convenient. The bathroom was clean and new, but the water pressure was very weak! (We were up on the 10th floor so lower floors might be better). The wireless internet did not work on our floor - we had to go to the lobby to get a signal, and the password was only provided after we inquired about it at the front desk.The sheets on the bed were very thin and old. My blanket was thin and old and I was afraid to touch it. The towels were also very thin. There is no hairdryer provided. We had to call the front desk to ask for one - and was told they'd send one if it was available. We called back at 7am the next day and were lucky enough (!?) to get one. The same story with the iron and ironing board.The doorman/concierge was friendly and helpful, but the front desk staff could have been more professional. The attached restaurant had a decent selection and good prices. We did not try the Thai place (also attached to the restaurant).The hotel is conveniently located. Close to a number of lines on the L, a block from Michigan avenue. Walking distance from many restaurants and shops. Although its downtown, there are 2 universities nearby, so there are lots of people walking around in the evening - this made me more comfortable walking to the store alone in the evening. Our room overlooked the L - which meant a lot of train noise during the day and night. The windows could open which was convenient especially since the radiator was making it very hot and stuffy in the room and the AC would not work.	
Apr 21 2008 	Shame on it!	It was terrible that I called them several times for claiming my lost clothing and charger for DC. They always ignored it by answering that &quot;I will call you back if...&quot; but nothing gonna happen.	
Apr 14 2008 	Nice Hotel	My wife and I had a very enjoyable stay at the Travelodge in Downtown Chicago. After reading some of the posted comments I was really apprehensive about staying there, but decided to chance it anyways. We think most of the comments were unfounded. We did find the room and bathroom small or “Kozy” as they called it, but they were both very clean and the bathroom had been recently remodeled. We had a room with one double bed. The room was bright with nice pictures on the walls and the mattress and box springs were new “Serta Perfect Sleepers”. The bed was very comfortable. There was plenty of hot water, and the towels were soft and clean. The hotel provided hand and body soap, shampoo, and body lotion. The TV worked well and had free HBO. The wireless internet worked great. (But don’t forget to call the front desk to get the access code). The AC worked just fine and the coffee maker was new. There is no hairdryer so you want to bring your own, and like all downtown hotels it is noise. The El train runs all night and it is loud. There were fire, police, and ambulance sirens goings at all hours of the night, and we heard the sanitation men picking up garbage at 4:00am. Such is life in a big city. You may want to use ear plugs, or like us, use the “fan only” on the AC to cover up the noise. We found that to work just fine. The halls were a bit narrow as all older hotels are, but they had recently been wall papered and they were well lighted. The ice machine had plenty of ice and we used it every day. We found the staff very friendly and checkout was quick and accurate. The price of the room was very reasonable for Chicago, but the $27 per day parking seemed high. I realize that’s the price you pay for being right down town. The vicinity was good with a Pizza Hut, KFC, and Dunkin Donuts right across the street. It was within walking distance of most things in downtown Chicago. The bell hop was very helpful and friendly. We did see a few homeless people and unfortunately all major cities have these people no matter where you stay. We saw them in front of the Hilton also which charges twice the price for a room. The price was great and we would stay there again. Our biggest complaint was that the hotel was older and the room was small, but we know that most downtown hotels in big cities are small. I guess it’s all in how you see it. Some people see the “Mona Lisa” as an old picture while others see it as a work of art. Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.	
Apr 8 2008 	alright for a quick trip noisy and nothing speical	it was nicely located down town, half a block from the lake, and a $3. cab ride the the nice shoping areas and resturant.had the switch rooms when i got there. the windows were only partly covered by the unattractive curtians and there was a parking garage 6 feet away from the building...the bathrooms were all brand new and nice. def the best part of the hotel. bed was alright, nice to have kitchenet, tv half worked. staff wasnt very helpful or friendly over all.house keeping either took all the towels and washed them everyday-because they dont seem to follow the 'if its hanging you'll use it again' policy that they have posted everywhere. orrr iw as using towels that other peple had that they just fold up and put back on the rack...	
Apr 2 2008	OMG!!!! What a Dunp!	I booked this room through the Travelodge website. It was nothing like their pictures on the web. I arrived late at night and the attendant behind some one way glass (still visible) refused to wait on me because he was chatting up a young lady. Eventually the security guard bellowed at him and he came out. He gave me my key and went to the room an a rickety old elevator. I walked into the room and the bed was on end leaning against the wall with a construction wagon full of wire in the middle of the room. I went back to the front desk and after a 10 minute wait I was given another room. On the way I passed a number of holes in the plaster walls. This shabby room had no working TV. Again I was moved to another room. On the way to the room I could here a woman screaming at the top of her lungs. It sounded as if she was having fun but it shot through the paper thin walls. On my way to knock on her door the door opened and there was our friendly front desk clerk. Never again. It is just a horrible place.	
Jan 24 2008	Try it	This hotel is ok, the room was the worst we have ever stayed in and just looked old. The rest of the hotel is dated to but everything is clean. The location is great, 5mins from lakeshore, 2mins from the subway and the magnificant mile is 15-20mins walk. For somwhere to lay your head its not too bad. There are lots of cafe and resturants around, the corner bakery chain is fab for coffee and bagels.	
Jan 16 2008	Never stayed here...	I live in Chicago and am looking for a hotel in the city for my relatives. I wouldn't even consider this hotel because I know it's within two or three blocks of the methadone clinic and a halfway house. I might be ok for driving and even walking around for certain people but others might feel very uncomfotable in this area.	
Dec 8 2007 	quaint	We visited Chicago by Amtrak on a limited budget to see the symphony and a basketball game. We had a great time and overlooked the negative things. We received a good value for the money. We might stay there again.	
Oct 23 2007 	Very Convenient	I visited this hotel with 5 other girls (all rooming in a room for 4 people). Our friends from Chicago booked the hotel and when we went to get another room the hotel was booked, so we just brought along an extra air matress. The hotel is very old, you can tell by the carpets, windows and fixtures. Not in a dingy way at all but this hotel has obviously been around a long time. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The room was spacious with 2 double beds, a small kitchenette including a fridge, an okay sized bathroom and 2 closets. The beds were comfy and the hotel was clean. There is a great breakfast place attached to the hotel that is cheap and very good. The best part of this hotel is the proximity to everything you want to see and do in the windy city. We could walk to all the stores and the shopping district, all the toursity sites like the Sears tower, and it was a short taxi drive to all the clubs. We took a trolley and did a pub crawl and this was so much fun!! I would recommend this anyone that wants to see a little of Chicago's night life and have a great time on the trolley. All in all I would recommend this hotel. Although it is an older hotel you cant go wrong with the location. One more thing, parking is valet parking and is across the street, this is $20 per night. I dont think I saw anything much cheaper in downtown Chicago. And Chicago is definetly the windy city!! Great time!	
Oct 22 2007 	OK downtown hotel but very noisy	I was afraid of our stay at the travelodge because I booked nonrefundably via hotwire and looked at the mostly negative reviews afterwards. We are very frequent Chicago travellers (and former residents) and thought: -the hotel was clean and the furniture/fixtures at least acceptable, except for the other bed -the service was good (we needed service twice, once for our child accidentally locking the safe, they came very prompt; the other time for an information at the reception for which the internet was needed, also good and speedy help).-the neighborhood is in a borderzone between Michigan Ave and a neighborhood that is in the process of gentrification. One can complain about that, but the huge Hilton is just around the corner, and the hotel borders the loop.-there are 2 restaurants, one a fast food greasy spoon which also is the (mediocre) breakfast place, the other one a Thai place.-the hotel is quite noisy due to the combination of the elevated train nearby and the outdated windows. If they fixed the windows but stayed otherwise the same, we would return, but right now, it's just too noisy (and we had, as per reception, a &quot;quiet room&quot; facing the back).	
Oct 9 2007 	Never Again	As a newlywed, my husband and I took off the day after our wedding to what was supposed to be our much anticipated honeymoon in the city...we had no idea what lie ahead. We arrived to the hotel by taxi at approximatley 9:00 p.m. to a group of beggars standing in front of the hotel. Upon check-in, we were placed on the ninth floor of the hotel. The ride up the elevator was bumpy and there wasn't much to look at as the old paneling in the elevator was peeling and half ripped off. The smell of the entire place was musty and germy to the touch. The linens were ancient, the room had a window a/c that blew the luke warm air of the city in, and didn't do much cooling, and right outside our window was the El-train. Between the train and kids running through the hallway, we had a few sleepless nights in Chicago. We didn't even sleep under the sheets, for fear they hadn't been washed recentley, and we aren't typically picky travelers. The surrounding area, if you travel only two blocks south, is lined with old liquor stores and bars with bars over the windows and an absurb amount of wandering homeless. This was not a cheap hotel, and never again will I stay nor reccomend this place to anyone traveling to Chi-town!	
Sep 25 2007 	Basic but Worked for Us...	The Travelodge Downtown serves its purpose. We went to a Bears game and the hotel was convenient, cheaper than comparable hotels downtown (we paid $200 for 4 of us which is a heck of alot cheaper than a cab to the burbs a few times!) and fit the bill for what we needed. There are no luxury accommodations, valet or room service but hey, it's downtown and close to Soldier Field.	
Sep 17 2007 	Cramped	Went on a driving holiday to USA and Canada and we just booked hotels as we went along. When we arrived in Chicago we found it very difficult to get accommodation as there was a conference on. All we could get was the travelodge. It was the dearest hotel we had to pay for out of the whole trip and the worst one we stayed it. The room was tiny and there were 4 of us in it. Usually in America the rooms are huge but this was the smallest i have stayed in. The location was okay but i would not go back unless i was desperate.	
Sep 6 2007 	hated it	the only thing good about this hotel was the staff- its old and out dated, stink, dusty, and the rooms are very small - I would not recommend my dog to stary there	
Aug 21 2007 	Affordable basic accomodations.	My partner and I booked this hotel to see a concert at the Auditorium Theater. We were only staying for one night and we wanted to be downtown near the venue, but did not want to spend a fortune for one night. We chose this hotel because it is less than a block from the theater, and, as it turned out, we could see the theater from our room. This hotel is budget priced for a downtown hotel. It is a bit on the minimalist side with the basic ammenities needed to be comfortable. We had a nice corner room with windows facing two directions. The room was cool and comfortable. The bed was soft for my tastes, but quite acceptable. The bathroom was small but adequate. Several of the ice machines were broken when we stayed and it was a bit difficult to find ice at times. Also there are only a few vending machines with very limited selections, so if you have snacking or beverage needs you will probably have to venture outside the hotel. In short, we werent expecting a luxury hotel. We wanted basic accomodations at a good price for one night. The travelodge was perfect for this. Im not sure that I would stay at this hotel if I were on vacation for a week and planned to spend significant time in the room. However, for basic accomodations for short stay such as a business trip or a quick get away to see the sights in Chicago, this place is ideal.	
Jul 10 2007 	Stay somewhere else!	Avoid this hotel. It has gone though several incarnations and none of them was as bad as this one is. It looks as if they had children do all their electrical work, it hangs above you in the hall ways and in the rooms. The shower has no rack, you have to put your soap on the floor. The &quot;suite&quot; was a couch in an oddly long and featureless room with an extra sink in it (for what purpose?). No ironing board, no hair dryer. Poor plastering. Holes in the carpet. Dark, dark, dark. Stay away. Only one good thing, location. A block off Michigan ave, near the Art Institute, the Shedd Aquarium and the Field Museum. Stay at eh Congress Plaza or the Hilton instead, both on Michigan ave and a block or so away from the Travelodge although a world away in luxury.	
May 22 2007 	basic and cheap	This is certainly the most affordable hotel I've stayed in in Chicago. My room was small but clean. The neighborhood is a bit dodgy but no more so than most other urban settings in the US. The Thai restuarant was fabulous. The location iis two blocks from the CTA Redline and quite close to Grant Park. The L-train on State Street was a bit loud, but the constant hum of the air conditioner mitigated the noise. It didn't keep me awake. I was there for business but wouldn't hesitate to bring my family back for a leisure trip. I would file this hotel under the general heading of &quot;You get what you pay for.&quot;	
May 10 2007 	Old and begrimed -- but workable	As other reviewers have pointed out, the hotel looks old, feels old, and is more than a little begrimed. Everywhere you look, the carpets and curtains are faded and dingy appearing. The window in my room had a big old crack and was not exactly transparent. The AC unit was ungainly and loud; and thank goodness I didn't have to try to use the radiator. Also, though I was in a non-smoking room, I could distinctly smell cigarettes in my bathroom. On the plus side, there were no insects I could see, the bathroom was clean, and all the appliances in my room worked (though there were too few electrical outlets so that when it came to the desk lamp, the coffee maker, and the AC, you could only have 2 of the 3 at any given time).If noise pollution is an issue, then pay attention. I could hear my neighbors loud and clear including their t.v., their phone ringing, etc. However, I couldn't hear any pitter-patter from above. There must have been about a good 3/4 inch space between the bottom of the hallway door and the floor so that I could keep up on everything going on in the hallway and elevator. Also, from my north-facing room, there were the very insistent rumbles of the Orange Line trains and the sirens of Chicago's finest. You will finish the weekend with an appreciation of how much and how often the police and fire services are called upon.Clearly the major (if only) plus for this hotel is its location. It is located in what appears to be a safe neighborhood 1 block from the Harrison station of the CTA Red Line -- it took me about 50 minutes to get there from O'Hare via Blue Line transfer to Red Line at Jackson. The hotel is 1 block from Grant Park and is within easy walking distance from such tourist destinations as Art Institute of Chicago, Millenium Park, Carson Pirie Scott, etc. There is a Thai restaurant and a Chicago diner both adjacent to the lobby. Also, close by is a Dunkin Donuts and a Subways. Starbucks and so forth are only a few blocks away.	
Jan 19 2007 	The staff are great hotel very average....	We stayed at the Chicago Travelodge Downtown for 4 nights as part of a 7 month long round the world trip.We booked via their website and were quoted just over $100+tax for a double room which we thought to be quite reasonable in a city such as Chicago.Arriving from Midway Airport on the train, the hotel is approximately 5 mins walk from the first station on the loop. It's a reasonable area, populated by a lot of students, so always felt very safe and the walk with luggage to the hotel was fine.When we arrived we were quite impressed by the reception area, although not modern, it was elegant and the staff were extremely friendly, especially with our credit card problems due to a cloning in Asia earlier in the trip. They did the extra security checks with no complaints and were very patient as it took about 30mins to sort out.As the room wasn't quite ready we checked our bags into storage and set off for a bite to eat. There are a number of fast food outlets just across the road including Dunkin Donuts.Once we were able to check in we headed up in the slowish lifts to our room. First problem, the double bed really was very small and with my Wife and I both being well over 6ft tall it was really no use to us. Therefore we rang down and asked to be moved to a king bed, which the staff sorted for us quickly, albeit for an extra $20 a night on top of the original price.The next room was better and slightly bigger with a good size king bed. We had no problems at all with the room, although I must admit the decor etc is a little dated. One problem that you might encounter is the banging pipes, this managed to keep my Wife awake for a while each night....not a lot you can do about that I guess.Location is great. Just down from the loop, plenty of restaurants and coffee shops in the local vicinity. We used the underground to get north to places like the Magnificent Mile, it was very easy to use and very cheap.All in all we quite liked this hotel. Location is excellent but you must be aware it is an &quot;older&quot; type property and there are pitfalls to that such as the thin walls, banging pipes etc. The staff are spot on, the best Travelodge staff I have ever come across and they will help you with information and directions. I would be wary of booking just a double room if you are quite tall, the bed is really not big enough. Apart from that, it is fine an considering the price, a reasonable option for a stay in this magnificent city.	
Dec 27 2006 	NOT worth the price	Staff was pleasant. Room was relatively clean. HOWEVER:-entire hotel smelled of sewage or something like it-room was small and unattractive-towels were small, rough, and very worn-pillows were like something you'd find in a hospital. Bed not much better-hotel in general is not well kept. The elevator was slow and the door was damaged. Light fixtures were crooked.We were supposed to stay 3 nights and were lucky to switch to the Hilton Chicago after our first night. This place was not worth what we paid.	
Dec 3 2006 	Great employees...awful hotel	When we got there we were pleasantly surprised, the lobby looked really nice and everyone was super friendly. Maybe they were so nice to make up for the fact that our room was really a closet with a bathroom. We couldn't even pull the desk chair out from the desk because the bed was right there. The windows were leaking water from a recent snowstorm. Also, the walls were paper thin, we could hear everything going on in the room next door. Every time the train/L went past we heard it loud and clear. Also, be careful if you bring children because there were these pipes that ran along the wall that were hot. A plus was that it had a nice deep bath tub.I must mention again though, that all of the staff was really friendly.	
Nov 27 2006 	DIrty and up clean	Having arrived in Chicago I was looking forward to getting my head down. It would appear that I had been booked into a smoking room after requesting a non smoking room. The room smelt disgusting and looked like it was cleaned like two weeks ago. It still had in plan site fag butts on top of the mirror in the bathroom. None of the fittings in the bathroom fitted. I left the next morning; I would never stay in a Travel Lodge hotel again....	
Nov 12 2006 	Very convenient location	If you're going to stay here, be realistic about what to expect. This is not a fancy hotel. It probably wasn't fancy when it first opened. The rooms are small, the decor is dated and the elevators are slow. The location, however, can't be beat and prices are very reasonable. The hotel is literally a block away from Millennium Park. The rooms are clean, and I felt safe walking around the area at night. With my AAA card, the rate was $100 per night, plus tax. The El stops just a couple of blocks away, which is handy. As with most places in Chicago, parking is expensive - I think I heard a rate of $20 per day. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 4 2006 	The Great Ice Hunt 2006	Average hotel at best. Grumpy reception on arriving. Noisy room, mainly from the air conditioner. Smallish rooms by US standards. Tired room and bathroom, but clean. No refridgerators, only ice machines on a few floors, none of which had ice on a hot night. Comical seeing all the guests wandering the floors with buckets searching in vain for a working one. When one finally was found the word got around and it was quickly emptied by guests from every floor! AA lost our bags, but returned them 24 hours later to the hotel, but the hotel kept insisting that they had not arrived. Finally found a helpful porter who checked the luggage area properly, just before we had to fly out again. Cafeteria served plain but OK food. Location was excellent though, for the foreshore parks.	
Oct 4 2006 	This Hotel's Fine By Me!	I had a 10 night stay at this hotel from 11th Sept to 21st Sept. I must say that after reading the reviews for the hotel prior to the trip I was a little apprehensive as to what would await. I needn't have worried.The hotel was a 2 minute walk from Harrison on the Red Line or a 5 minute walk from Jackson on the Blue Line direct from O'Hare. We paid $95.00 for the room per night, plus the 15.4% Room Tax. The room had 2 double beds which were quite comfortable. The television worked fine as did the clock radio. We were given 2 coffee filter bags per day for the coffee machine. The in-room safe was a big help, plenty of room for A4 size documents and valuables and although it said we would be charged a dollar a day for the use of the safe this wasn't added to our bill.The bathroom was clean, the shower was nice and powerful although on one morning the water didn't get very hot. New soaps and shampoos were supplied every day. The air conditioning unit was fairly modern and worked fine, keeping the room cool. The room itself was kept clean apart from a few nooks and crannies which could've done with a bit of vacuuming.Our room looked out onto Harrison and Wabash and so the El Trains were quite noisy day and night, but we got used to it. The lifts worked fine although, as there were only 2 for public use, they were quite busy.There was a free copy of USA Today at reception although these were usually gone by about 0830-0900. The diner just off the lobby was always busy and we had a decent breakfast in there a couple of times. There's a Subway and a Dunkin Donuts across the street and a couple of Corner Cafes within a 5 minute walk.Although most pubs and bars are an El ride away at River North we did find a fine watering hole on Wabash, Millers Pub. Another good one was Kaseys Bar on Plymouth Court.The area around the hotel seemed safe day and night, helped by the fact that there are so many students in the area.All in all, a decent hotel and good value for money.	
Sep 25 2006 	Cheap clean and convenient -- but little else	First, the bad news. This is the old Harrison Hotel, an early 20th century building, which has had only the thinnest cosmetic renovation. It was never a &quot;grand hotel&quot; like the Palmer House, so there is not much that Travelodge could do with out short of gutting it. It bears all the problems of old, low-end urban hotels: quirky heating and cooling, narrow halls, and small, dark rooms. There were some annoying problems:The rooms have wireless internet with good signal strength -- even on the upper floors at a reasonable price. However, during my stay, internet access was frequently down, due to a problem with the hotel''s service provider. Notwithstanding complaints by a number of guests, apparently no one at the hotel notified the service provider for almost 12 hours. Even when it was functioning the service tended to be slow. The rooms are &quot;bare bones&quot; and inadequately appointed -- no iron and ironing board, for example, and only very basic toiletries. It took two telephone calls and 18 hours to get an iron and ironing board.The in-room safe did not function, and appeared to be permanently locked. The hotel charges an annoying $1 per day for a service that most hotels provide free. Yes, it is fair to describe the Travelodge as a dump. But it is a clean, cheap, and convenient one -- certainly bearable for a one or two night stay. The good points are:1. The hotel scores high points for cleanliness. Some of the furnishings are old, but they are well maintained. The guest rooms and baths are spotless and kept that way. The only negative point on cleanliness was the stale smell of almost a century of tobacco smoke in the hallways, which cleaning solutions could not completely mask.2. The location is superb. One block from the Lakefront and one block from the CTA rail system. One connection and $2 will get you to O'Hare airport in about 90 minutes. Most major downtown venues are within walking distance or a short cab ride.3. The room rates are probably the lowest in downtown Chicago.4. Try the coffee shop adjacent to the hotel. Good basic food is available at a very reasonable price. The coffee seemed particularly good. I did not try the fast-food Thai restaurant that is connected to the hotel, but it appeared to be busy with non-guests, especially local university students. That's a good sign. A 24-hour food court is across the street.	
Sep 13 2006 	great location	Stayed in Chicago for 3 days before starting our route 66 tour. We were on a budget which reflects in the hotel but all we wanted was somewhere clean &amp; a bed for 3 nights. The position is unbelieveable and we couldnt believe how close we were to everything. Chicago is amazing &amp; we would definitely stay in the hotel again purely on its location.	
Aug 31 2006 	expect a place to crash	older hotel with the basics. right next to the buckingham fountain and by the city trolley which is free, and to the harrisson red line. a couple restaurants, baskin robbins, and liquor stores. area seemed safe to stroll around. you'll probably need a taxi if you return to hotel in evening. GET AN OVERSIZED ROOM! you'll have 2 dbl beds and a kitchennette with a micro/fridge. also got a crib with out problem. hallways are narrow and no view from rooms. about a 20-30 min walk to navy pier.	
Aug 27 2006 	Very Poor Hotel	I stayed here for a week on vacation. This was a terrible hotel. The check in took forever because the counter person couldnt find my reservation, even when I gave him the reservation number. He couldnt type it in correctly. Then the elevatores were broke and could only use the freight evelevator. We were on the 12th floor so it took a while for the elevator to become available. The room itself was very dirty and smelly. There was an iron burn on the carpet. The ac unit didnt keep the room cool at all. I needed more towels in the room and called to the front desk for more, they told me they were out. I also need more toilet paper, I called for that 3 times and it never came. I finally had to take some out of the house keeping cart. I will never stay at this hotel again. The Congress right next door is a much better hotel and its the same price.	
Aug 2 2006 	Shabby Smelly Place	Here's the main problems we encountered: first, our non-smoking room reeked of cigarette smoke. We think it was coming through the bathroom vent. Second, the tiny window was blocked mostly by the window A/C, and what was not was flithy. Thirdly, our young son dropped a CD on the floor and it rolled under the bed... when he pulled it out, it was covered with big gobs of dust. Very discusting. Finally, the lobby had no A/C when we were there (94 deg F). Room A/C was fine.All of the carpets were very old and stained, but that's tolerable. Our room was tiny (not like the pictures at all). The location is great. And, despite the other reviews, our experience with the staff was fine. If this really is the only place you can afford, then do it. But, I'd keep looking and see if you can find a special/better deal somewhere else. Chicago is a great city... if you can afford a few more bucks, it's money well spent.	
Jul 20 2006	Character Good location.	Stayed one night during a very busy weekend in Chicago. Hotel was completely booked. We were one of the few able to check in early. Staff was overwhelmed and seemed confused -- couldn't find our reservation because it was input wrong. Even the conf. # didn't help. Eventually it got sorted out. Hotel is oooold and not in the best condition. The room we had was old, and overlooked a building that was being demolished, with windows smashed in. :) But, it was clean, kind of charming if new furniture, view, etc., isn't really important to you (it had &quot;character&quot;), and the location was great. You could walk to Millennium Park, Art Institute, etc. It was half the price of other hotels nearby! It was $130 compared to more than $250...I would recommend it if location is important and other hotels/b&amp;bs nearby are too expensive or booked.	
Jul 9 2006	Good Location	We stayed here 1 night for &quot;Taste of Chicago&quot;. The location was great for what we needed and the girl at the front counter was very nice. The rooms are small but we tend not to spend much time in the hotel when we travel to Chicago. Basically it's just a place to sleep and/or freshen up before going out again. A few complaints about our room (807) were that the A/C didn't work and the remote control for the TV didn't work either. We did have a problem with the family in the room next to ours. Not sure what time (12:30am or so) the slamming doors, screaming kids and parents yelling at the kids started but apparently we weren't the only ones being disturbed because security was called up to their room.  If your looking for fairly cheap accomodations in good locations this and the Red Roof Inn are places we have stayed. They are nothing special but are close to everything. We have been to Chicago 5 times and 4 of those were overnight. You're in Chicago go out and have fun.	
Jun 27 2006	Shame about the staff...	I spent four days at the Downtown Travelodge earlier this month. The location is great- I could see the Sears Tower and the lake from my bedroom window- and the room itself fine, though the bathroom was a little bit worn and there was a cigarette burn on the bathtub.My real gripe with this place was the mind bendingly rude staff. As a single woman traveller, I asked upon check in if it was safe for me to go out on my own in the evening. Not an unreasonable request, I think. You would have thought I had just put some kind of slur on the receptionist's family, the way he reacted! After snapping at me that it was very safe, and that &quot;the police are round every 24 hrs or so&quot; (yeah, great....), I asked what time it got dark. Again, not unreasonable as I was on my own, and a woman. This resulted in further sighing and rolling of eyes, and he would not answer my question, just kept saying &quot;it's very safe, Ma'am&quot;, which wasn't what I was asking!!!My room was barely cleaned the whole time I was there, and in fact on one of the days I got back to my room at 4pm to find that noone had actually cleaned it at all that day. The cleaner tapped on the door at about 4.30pm, but I needed to get ready to go and visit some friends and it didn't suit by then.My BIGGEST gripe however was their phones. I did have a phone card, but when it ran out I was unable to top it up as I came from a different country. I then discovered that the hotel has barred their payphone in the lobby from making international calls. In dire straights and needing to speak to my husband, I used the room phone. Charges were stated in their room info as $3.50 &quot;plus charges&quot;. I knew the cost would be bad and as a result only stayed on the phone for 3 mins 53 seconds. Upon checking out, they tried to charge me $105 for this call, which I flatly refused to pay. They refused to let me speak to the manager and an ugly argument developed, resulting in them dramatically reducing this charge, but it just made my blood BOIL!OK, whine over! If you're looking for a great location and don't care about extreme rudeness, it's very reasonable for the location. Otherwise, don't touch it with a bargepole!Chicago is a great place, I had a great time apart from that!	
Jun 16 2006	Damn right I got the blues	We stayed at the Travelodge Downtown for a week in June 2006 incorporating the 4 day Blues Festival ( free and absolutely awesome for blus aficionados). The location is excellent, as buses and the EL( metro network) are within easy walking distance. The hotel itself is good value, but very basic. If you want a fabulous view of either the brilliant architecture or Lake Michigan, forget it. The hotel is old and the type of carpets make it difficult to keep clean. The hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. The room had adequate space for two and was O.K. There were not many bars and restaurants in the vincinity, but it was 10 minutes walk to Jackson and Wabash and Adams and Wabash which have some late night eateries such as Millers Pub or the Exchequer. It was only 5 minutes walk from Buddy Guys Legends Club which has live music nightly for a $10-00 cover charge where the drinks are no more expensive than elsewhere. If you are on a budget and are happy with just having a functional place to rest , then I would recommend the Travelodge	
Jun 14 2006	Not a great place -- but I might go back.	This hotel about thirty steps away from a fabulous neighborhood, where hotels are three times the price.So -- if you can get beyond the slightly rundown, mildly malodorous lobby, and if the incredibly slow elevators arrive before you totally lose your mind to bring you to your rooms, which may or may not be ready at check-in time...(ours wasn't...)You'll find yourself in an acceptable room at a pretty dumpy hotel next to a great neighborhood on the fringe of Grant Park. So plan your days accordingly, enjoy Chicago, and only come back to sleep. If you follow those guidelines, you'll have a decent stay.	
May 5 2006 	Decent value location and service.	The Travelodge provides clean, comfortable, and reasonably-priced accommodation in a decent location. It is, very much, a no-frills destination, but covers the basics well. The only problem I encountered during my stay was the slow elevators. If you are on a high floor, they can take minutes to arrive, and minutes to make their descent. Although the hotel doesn’t have its own restaurant, there are two eateries off the lobby: a reasonably-priced Thai restaurant, and an American-style diner, which is ideal for breakfast. The staff I deal with were friendly, and the service courteous. The hotel is only a short walk from State Street, the Library, and the Art Institute. A ten-minute walk will take you to Magnificent Mile.	
Mar 7 2006	Super value and convenience	The Travelodge/Chicago at Harrison Ave. was a great value (under$90) and very convenient this past weekend.Our room was clean, had in room coffee and safe. Only 2 short blocks from the red line made transportation to/from O'Hare and around town very convenient.Be sure to purchase a visitor's transportation pass at the airport CTA booth,unlimited use on all bus rail etc. for the amount of days purchased. Easy walk to breakfast at The Orange-fun and yummy!	
Feb 27 2006	Avoid this hotel unless you can sleep through anything	The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that it was more or less clean. That's it.It is an old, rundown hotel that the owners don't feel they need to keep up because it's in such a good location. There is no sound deadening in the entire building. I heard babies crying, the ice machine dumping ice every 20 minutes, the pipes banging loudly (the steam heating), and the &quot;L&quot; running a block away. Our toilet wasn't working correctly and continuously flushed for 4 hours in the middle of the night.All that for $150/night (hotel and parking). Yes, it's in an expensive area of Chicago, but it still doesn’t change the fact I felt like I was robbed.We were planning on staying two nights, and checked out after just one. I had never been to happy to sleep in my own bed the following night.	
Feb 19 2006	Close to Grant Park	Typical Travelodge ammenities. Very close to L. Beverage store nearby. Stayed here during Lollapalooza last summer. Walking distance to Grant Park. Will stay again next August. Just wish there were more restaurants/bars in area. Recommended!	
Nov 21 2005	It's what I expected...a no frills accommodation with a great location!	The Travelodge is an old hotel with some updating. First, the staff was very helpful. We had 2 issues that were satisfactorily addressed within 30 minutes. The room was larger than most double rooms. There was a wet bar, fridge, and microwave that looked new. The bathroom was clean and updated. The beds were fine, though the sheets were worn. If this is important to you I would recommend you pack your own. The furnishings were budget and well used. The room was warm and generally very quiet. We did hear the radiator pipes once each night but none of us found the sound intrusive. We used the air conditioning to counter balance the room's excessive warmth. Access was the best part of this hotel. We could get anywhere via the Red Line or short walk. I want to say I would stay here again, but I probably won't. It's not that it was so bad, its just that I am used to much better accommodations. If I were a student or on a strict budget, I would certainly stay here. It's safe, cheap, fairly clean and comfortable enough. At $100 a nite in Chicago, what more does one expect?	
Oct 31 2005 	Decent hotel but don't stay in cold weather	Good points: Very old building with some character. Room was spacious with a generous-size refrigerator and microwave. Excellent price for the downtown location. Easy access to CTA. Free in-room safe big enough for a 15&quot; laptop.Bad points: Heating system is steam-heat radiators. The pipes banged SO loudly that I thought there was a man with a sledgehammer hitting them. They literally vibrated the bed as I was trying to sleep. Cable TV reception was poor. TV remote controls won't control volume (management knows about this and they have instructions posted on how to use the on-TV controls). 2 out of 4 light switches were flaky. Internet directions from CTA say to walk 5 blocks from Jackston station. It is better to switch to Red Line and walk 1 block from Harrison station.Summary: For the price and location, it was a good deal. Bed was comfortable but I never got a good night's sleep due to banging steam pipes. I'd try it again in the summer.	
Oct 22 2005	Travelodge is a good bet	We stayed at the Travelodge from 10/14-10/16/05. The location is great--right next to a subway stop. We took the train from O'Hare. Buy a visitors pass at the train station at the airport, and you get unlimited trips on buses and trains. Room was clean w/comfortable bed. No problems with service. The only drawback of the location is that you constantly hear the trains as they pass by the hotel, though turning on the room's fan mostly covered the sound. You might want to ask for a room on the back side away from the trains. It's a great place for walking--very close to the Art Institute and waterfront. The Field Museum and Soldiers Field are a 10-15 minute walk. Make sure you eat breakfast at Orange, a great restaurant which is 3 blocks to the left on Harrison. Also a Starbucks on Harrison, and a Dunkin Donuts opening soon. You can also walk to Millenium Park, which is very nice. As far as views go, try the John Hancock Building. Take the red line there; we had no wait, and you get a AAA discount (at the Field Museum too). A taxi ride to the United Center is quick, and costs $12. For a funky shopping area, take the blue line towards O'Hare to Damen Ave--lots of little shops and restaurants. All in all, Chicago is a great city, and we would definitely stay at the Travelodge again.	
Oct 21 2005	travelodge downtown	The hotel is a little drab with no bar, and no restaurant ( recently closed chineese looks as if it is going to be replaced with something else). Our room ( a suite ) had been refurbished and was clean. A little noisy from the EL and I would take ear plugs, but if just a bed is what you want then its OK. The hotel is well placed for the &quot;EL&quot; connection to the main area, and I would recommend day passes as the most economical. Ideal for Buddy Guys Legends Blues club, just round the corner ( cover is 10 dollars ) and the food great. 10 minute walk to the Aquarium ( superb ), Field Museum and Planetarium. Chicago is a superb place to visit and shop.	
Oct 16 2005	No Problems Here	Well this is a Travelodge, not the Ritz. But it's very clean and comfortable and a block from the Red Line Harrison station. For the price, I doubt it can be beat. Yes the building is old and somewhat shabby but the rooms are renovated and the bathrooms are new and spotless. Had everything I needed including a coffee maker, in-room safe, lots of towels and toiletries, new heat/AC unit, just about everything. Bed was comfortable and everything was in order. Staff varies from very friendly to very indifferent but that's normal for this type of hotel. The snack bar off the lobby is handy for an inexpensive but good meal or snack. If you're looking for a safe, clean and inexpensive place to stay in the Loop, try the Travelodge.	
Sep 23 2005	Give it a try.	This has a great location. It is 2 mins walk from the subway, 5mins from Lakeshore and 15/20mins walk from the Magnificent mile! The room's are ok but I think it is luck of the draw we 1st got a grubby room but complained (politly) and got changed to a fab room. There is a cafe downstairs that serve's breakfast, lunch and dinner but there is also plenty of place's to eat around the corner. The staff are very helpful and chatty.Good tip for breakfast's and snack's the chain of corner bakery's were the cheapest we found; try the oatmeal it's to die for!	
Jul 24 2005	Great Location Great Price	While attending a national convention we spent four days in this veryefficiently run hotel. A double under a $100 in downtown Chicago isnothing to be sneezed that. Our room was large with two double beds,not one but two closets and a small kitchen complete with microwaveand fridge. While there is no view, the room was clean and well kept up, Several tour groups of Asian youth were there with us. Just a half a block to Michigan, around the corner from the Chicago Hilton and three blocks from the Art Institute-- Noticed the hotel had recently received an award for improved service-- they deserve it! For a great breakfast be sureto try Orange on Harrison, just four blocks down on the left.	
Jun 13 2005	Great Value for the Price	We stayed at the Travelodge from June 2nd thru June 5th. We had rooms 715 &amp; 718. We were pleasantly surprised. The rooms looked much better than the pictures from the internet. The rooms were large and had been recently renovated. We even had a microwave &amp; mini-fridge, which we weren't expecting. The hotel is old but is in good shape. The staff was friendly and helpful. We were within 3 blocks of the El station and 2 blocks from the Subway station. We bought a multi day pass at the hostel nearby which was good on all public transits- bus, subway and El so we could get anywhere we wanted for mega-cheap. We felt safe on the public transits and had fun trying to figure out how to get there. The concierge recommended a nearby pub for dinner and gave us a 10% off coupon. It is called the Exchequer Pub and we loved the food. We bumped into Will Ferrell on our way to the pub- he is filming a new movie downtown 2 blocks from the hotel. That was cool too. We paid $81 for our rooms and would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 3 2005	It is what it is !!!	This is a Travelodge not a full feature upmarket 5 star hotel. If you remember this then you get a decent hotel in a superb location near to the sights and transport of Chicago. OK the hotel is a bit run down in places and is not the best looking building in the world but we had a comfortable clean room with 2 double beds, the bathroom plumbing worked well and the staff were friendly and helpful. Over a stay of a week the room rate varied from $85 to $110, a lot less than any other hotel in the area. Sure you could get a better hotel at this price if you want to stay miles from anywhere, but what’s the point in visiting a city if you stay way out in the suburbs.Would I stay at this hotel again? My answer is that if I am paying yes, if I can persuade somebody else to pay then I would stay somewhere plusher but in the same area.	
May 24 2005	Great Location; Good Value for Price	I actually found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. Showed us where we needed to go on the map - quickly sent up an iron to our room when requested. The reason to stay here is clearly the location for the price. The rooms are a bit worn and the hallways have seen better days, but its not too bad. Its very easy to take the train to the hotel - take the blue line from o'Hare and transfer to the Red Line (going south) and exit Harrison costs $1.75 vs. $38 for a cab and no rush hour traffic. The hotel is a short block away from the train stop.	
May 3 2005	Terrible Service Rude Staff Just kept getting worse.	I reserved this hotel for three nights at a special rate, was not given the rate when I got there. The hotel actually lost track of us and considered us a NO SHOW! Due to this we did not get housekeeping service the first two days! I must say that the size of the room was nice and spacious. view was to be as expected for the city. Staff was very rude and they just got worse, we did manage to find one front desk clerk that attempted to help us but however that ended up not working out as well. Every time we left our room we ended up going back down to the front desk and have our room key reset, and it was not due to us storing it next to a credit card. Several members of the staff spoke broken english to the point of not understanding our questions and concerns. I would not ever recommend this to anyone. I thought I was getting a great deal but it would have been worth paying a bit more to stay at a neighboring hotel, because the location was excellent.	
May 3 2005 	I wouldn't recommend this hotel	I was in Chicago for a conference, and had travelled from the UK at the last minute (I only had 3 days notice), and this was the only hotel we could find that had vacancies for my trip (due to the marathon that was taking place, I guess). What to say.... we paid something like $130 a night for our room; I had 2 double beds, a small kitchen area (with microwave), and a basic bathroom. The walls were thin, and I was woken up by college kids running around the corridors laughing at about 3am. Also, one of the lights in my room didn't work (I told the staff, but they did nothing about this), and my TV was silent, despite me playing with the controls for ages.I asked about this, and also about how to use the room safe (no instructions could be found), and the staff were pretty rude to me. When I first asked how to use the safe, I was literally shouted at: &quot;This is a hotel! Read the instructions!&quot;. When I informed them that there were no instructions, they said that I'd have to wait until the following day, when it would be looked at. In the meantime, I worked out how to use the safe myself. Thanks, guys!My window overlooked some kind of sidestreet, and let in very little light, so I needed the lights on all the time I was in there. The elevators really are pretty poor (as other reviews have said), and I was stuck in one for about 5 minutes on one occasion. There was a mildewy smell in the corridors, but my room was fine.So overall, a pretty decent location for the museums, etc. My room was basic but reasonable, and seemed pretty clean. A few instructions were missing, and a light didn't work (plus problems with the TV). My main problem is that the staff were rude. Very rude. I really do agree with most of the other reviews about this.Another situation; I had a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on my door, but at 9am someone came to look at the safe (read above). I was getting dressed at the time, and I heard him (as I said, the walls are thin!) complaining to the maid about how I'd asked for help the night before, but I was stupid enough to put a DND sign outside my door. Gah!The Chinese restaurant that is next to the hotel is ok, and is pretty cheap. It's not the greatest food in the world though - I've been to a lot of Chinese restaurants, and the food here wasn't great. The staff (who are authentic Chinese) were really friendly though, especially when I tried to demonstrate to them my (tiny) amount of Chinese!	
Apr 14 2005	What I had expected	The room was nothing special, but it was comfortable and cheap. It is about the cheapest place in that part of the city. I was happy with the cheap and close parking. Overall I have no complaints and I think that anyone complaining about this place should look at how much they paid for it and then ask themself what they actually expected for that price.	
Feb 15 2005	Never ever again	Our stay was truly awful. I was in Chicago for a job interview, and they didn't make my stay any less stressful. My bed was broken, I had to sleep at an angle all night. We got trapped in a broken elevator on my way to the interview! Talk about stress. The front desk man was very rude, and the room was about half the size of an SF studio apartment! Trust me, that is very tiny. Overall, I rate our experience the worst possible rating.	
Dec 9 2004	staff with no manners	I will never stay at this hotel again! Look, I am very tolerant person and hardly ever complain about where I stay, but this time I decided to say few words about Travelodge Hotel in downtown Chicago. We were on a red eye flight from Newark NJ to Chicago after all night spent at the airport. After arriving to the hotel at 7:30 am we were told that rooms are not ready and won’t be given to us until 3pm! We called a day ahead to make sure everything was ok with our early arrival and the clerk confirmed with us that our room would be ready when we get there. To our surprise it was not, and the clerk made it clear to us that he would not give us the room because they were not cleaned on time. How long does it take to clean a room....all day?? When requested a manager’s help, he said, “It does not matter what the manager will do”. Is this an appropriate to a customer? There were other people at the lobby who were turned down by the same clerk. This is not a good way to conduct a business! Well, we were almost on the verge of leaving but hated to loose a great Internet deal for flight plus the hotel. Our group had to spend almost entire day wondering around the streets looking for a spot to rest. Finally the room was given to us punctually at 3:00 pm, just like he said in the morning. The room was not too clean and smelly. We tried to refresh the air inside, but the AC system didn’t seem to work properly leaving us sleeping and breading the stinky air. Next day the same clerk asked us politely if we got a good rest, and we jokingly replied that the pullout sofa bed is fantastic! It made a huge smile on his face, and deep inside we knew that he kept us all day on the street on purpose. BE AWARE OF THIS PLACE. It is true sometimes that you get what you pay for, but I tend to give a credit to those who try to make customer happy. The staff from Travelodge Downtown in Chicago did not even tried to make an affort towards it's customers. Trust me, I've stayed in biggest dumps around the world, but everywhere the staff did something to make a smile on my face.	
Dec 6 2004	Shabby and not very chic	The main attraction of this hotel was the location, and then the price. I was disappointed to find that the &quot;restaurant&quot; -- a rather grubby looking Chinese place -- was closed for repairs, and that the coffee shop -- very run down -- had limited hours. The room was tiny, rather grungy, and featured an incrediyl dirty window. I doubt, even at the price, I would stay there again.	
Nov 22 2004	It was Okay...	This hotel was okay. The staff is incredibly slow at checking in, but that's fine. The room was huge - it had TWO bathrooms! However, the bathrooms were so dirty that I wouldn't even touch the shower. It was old and kind of run down, but that was kind of expected. Not bad, but I probably wouldn't stay there again.	
Nov 20 2004	not luxury but just fine		
Oct 4 2004	No complaints...		
Aug 10 2004	Not so bad		
Aug 9 2004	Perfect for our needs		
Jul 23 2004	Don't plan to spend time in the room		
Dec 3 2003	Good basic value!		
Nov 28 2003	Does the job		
Jul 1 2003	Unfriendly overall		
Mar 27 2003	Worst Ever		
Mar 25 2002	It's got the budget without the hospitality		
Sep 27 2009	Einfach aber sauber preisgünstig sehr zentral nettes Personal		
Aug 12 2009 	Prezzo ok - camera squallida e umida		
May 15 2009 	Confortable mais un peu bruyant.		
Aug 26 2008 	Non all'altezza degli altri Travelodge		
Nov 17 2007 	Personal amable pero es imposible descansar ...		
Oct 21 2007 	Traveloge Downtown nicht zu empfehlen		
