Nov 13 2009 	This hotel was what I'd expect from a Hyatt- in EASTERN EUROPE!	I didn't book this hotel, a family member did as a bunch of us flew in for a wedding. If I had to spend more than 36 hours there I would have left for somewhere else. This hotel, which I actually saw on some websites had 5 stars, was a dump. It was more like staying in a college dorm than a hotel. The room smelled. The carpet was gross and old. There was no real closet. The worst part was they didn't have a fitted bedsheet for the mattress- they put a top sheet on for the bottom sheet, which of course slid off anytime you moved. The room was just disgusting.When we checked in Friday night, about 830, we were hungry, but the resaurant was closed (except for the bar). We did eat at the restaurant for breakfast, and it was actually good (great pancakes)- the only good part of the whole hotel.The hotel is only close to the convention center. EVERYTHING else is a cab ride. They have a one-way shuttle downtown, but only leaves every hour. When I inquired about it, the concierge didn't know the times it left and didn't tell me that I could make a reservation for it (fortunately my family member found out and reserved us seats or that would have been another cab fare).Overall, for this same money I've stayed in Marriott Courtyards and Hampton Inns 10x as nice. This place was just horrible.	
Nov 6 2009 	I got stuck in a small corner room	Just not a great location for Chicago. I moved hotels after two nights to a Marriott that was very central off of Michigan Ave for the same price. The room I got stuck in was pathetic for a Grand Hyatt Hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent convention hotel	As many before me have mentioned, this is a great hotel for the convention center - you don't even have to go outside. If the reason for your trip is a convention, then I think it's the best possible choice. I attended a conference in Chicago and stayed at this hotel as well as the Hyatt Regency on Wacker (the Hyatt Regency Chicago). I think of the two the McCormick Place Hyatt is more modern and has probably been more recently updated. The room was very clean, the room design was more current, and the bathroom fixtures were newer. On the other hand, I think the service at this hotel was perhaps not as serene as at the Hyatt on Wacker - I had longer waits to speak with the concierge/front desk at the McCormick Place Hyatt, and I got some &quot;I don't knows&quot; from the front desk in response to questions they should have been able to accommodate. One example was when we inquired regarding the Metra, which is the closest public transportation option to our hotel - they didn't have any schedules on hand and could not tell us anything about using it. Another example - I left an item in my room when I checked out, and one of my colleagues who was still in the room brought it down to be mailed to me and filled out a FedEx slip with my name and address. Due to a lack of communication between the front desk and the packing departments, however, calls to the front desk about my item the next day got a response that they didn't know anything about it. After calling back again, and speaking to shipping, where it turns out my item would have languished until I managed to get connected to someone who knew something about it, they finally took my credit card information and sent my item, which I have since received. I am inclined to attribute some of this confusion to the fact that many people were checking out the day I did, and I had confidence that this issue would eventually be resolved satisfactorily, but I think the front desk could strive to emulate the focus on service that the Hyatt on Wacker demonstrated to me during my stay there.That said, for attending a conference in Chicago I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great views great staff	I showed up kind of tired at the desk last Friday night and the woman who checked me in somehow intuited that I needed a break. She was a lifesaver... gave me a gorgeous room (2533) which was a corner suite with breathtaking views on three sides. I spent the first night just glued to the windows, enjoying room service with a friend in an equally gorgeous room, and and watched the world go by. I called the desk to thank the womderful agent who gave me this blissful room but she was gone by the time I did it... and now I forget her name. I fell badly about that. She was a fantastic employee, Hyatt. People like this keep me coming back to your properties.The hotel is like McCormick Place... big, busy and self-contained. I can't say enough about my room, which was truly so lovely that I hated to leave it. I never even went into Chicago! The hotel restaurant was okay... my meal was fair enough although perhaps not quite as good as it could have been. The waiter messed up the order, for example, noticed that he had brought the wrong things, and then walked away without correcting it. That was odd. But this is to quibble when I could go back to the beautiful room and watch the fireworks over the Navy Pier. And the meeting rooms were good, the food at the meetings very high quality, and it was comfortable in every way.	
Oct 16 2009 	Mediocre...not worth the price!	The good: Housekeeping was superb. The clothes I accidently left on the bed were folded and placed on the desk. The hotel connects to the convention center. If you're attending a conference, it's nice to get to the conference in under 5 minutes. The lobby is pretty modern/nice and full of extensive groups of comfortable couches--perfect for doing work or meeting with others. The bad: the walls are SUPER THIN--my neighbor's 2am shower sounded as if it were from my room. You can hear everything from the hallway--from people closing doors to full conversations. Good thing I'm a sound sleeper! The cable wasn't working for half of my trip (likely due to rain-satellite TV I assume). The fitness center (which isn't as extensive as Hyatt boasts) was completely packed each morning between 7-9am. I couldn't get on any of the bikes, elipticals or treadmills. Finally, the rooms were just okay. Nothing spectacular (great views from the top floors facing north). The ugly: NOTHING IS INCLUDED and the ammenities are massively expensive. Internet (which has cut out on me 3x since starting this review) is 10 dollars per day; if you want high speed cable internet, it will cost you 15 dollars per day. Drinks at the bar were 11-14 dollars for well drinks, water/soda is 2.50+ tax, and use of a computer or printer at the business center is about 10 dollars. Because nothing is around the hotel (and the surroundings are a bit sketchy), you're really stuck on paying for highly overpriced room service or ordering delivery. When you factor in a high price per night, you can easily expect to pay 300 dollars per night to stay here. In all, I would recommend this hotel for those who don't care about price and want to stay literally in the convention center. Keep in mind that a taxi here from downtown is 12-15 dollars each way and there is also METRA service and tons of bus service to the convention center. So, if you don't mind 10-20 min travel time, staying at a nicer and cheaper hotel downtown may be your best bet for the money. Hope this helps!	
Oct 14 2009 	the hotel itself looks great but location and shuttle are horrible	the hotel and room are clean and new and moden. no question about that. BUT it's so far!you end up paying all the money you save on taxis, buses, and trains anyway.the free shuttle they provide only drops you off in 3 locations. you have to find your own way back. and they dont start running until 11am! who starts their day at 11am!? i ended up paying for taxi rides to downtown and back which ended up being about $20 per trip each way	
Oct 11 2009 	Great stay!	We booked our trip through priceline and got a great deal on our room. Upon entry, the hotel was very clean and the staff was very friendly. Our surprise came when we saw our room. We were on the 15th floor and had a beautiful view of the Chicago skyline!!! The room was very clean- the toiletries were a nice touch (toothpaste, soaps. etc). The only main problem we ran into was parking. I had called prior to our visit and the woman told me that we could do self park with in and out priveledges for $27. When we tried to leave to go into town for dinner, we were charged to leave. We spoke with the front desk and they told us that we were misinformed and that we could try and ask the valet if we could switch to that.. We waited outside for 10 minutes and no one was out there, so we left and paid. The drive to downtown was short and convenient.Another problem was that there were no vending machines for late night drinks! We ended up ordering a pizza with soda around 1 am from a local pizza place. The hotel was very clean and upscale. We loved it! My boyfriend proposed to me here, so I love it!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good location for Bear game!	Good location to Bear game/ shed aquarium/ museum. No in/out parking sucks. Overpriced for the room quality.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel a little pricey but it is Chicago.	Stayed here for 2 nights in October 09 for a convention taking place at the McCormick place convention center connected to this hotel. I'll tell you, it's very convienent to be at this hotel for conventions but I'm not sure why you'd want to stay here for any other reason.The hotel itself is nice, clean and spacious. The lobby is beautiful. The rooms are well appointed with flat screens and good views if you get a room over the 12th floor or so. The bed was comfortable, tons of soft pillows, and there was the option to buy bottled water in the room for $2/bottle (16oz). The same bottles were being sold down in the gift shop for $3 ea. One other thing I really liked was that the elevators were quick and efficient. What I didn't like was:$19 breakfast buffet (at Shor) with nothing special in it (eggs, bacon, pankcakes, sausage, fruit, etc)$27/day to park ($37 w/ in and out)I wish the room was a little more soundproof - could hear TV in the next room over and talking in the hallway.Very expensive room rate when there are tons of deals close by on S. Michigan Ave.It's also a little away from the action in Chicago with almost all bars, restaurants, etc being at least a $8 cab ride away each way.Economy internet was $10/day with a faster option available for slightly more.These are the prices you can expect at all the major players in Chicago so I won't take off too many points for their prices.	
Oct 5 2009 	All's well that ends well	I took my family with me on a business/leisure trip. We arrived at the hotel after 7 pm to find they did not have any standard rooms. Apparently one of their guest decided to stay another day. The hotel offered to take us to another location or give us the living room section of a suite. We took the suite because we were tired and my convention started the next morning. Although the room was large w/a wet bar, the rollaway beds they provided did not offer a restful sleep for anyone in our party. I complained to the front desk the next day and they immediately moved us to another room, gave us 3 breakfast vouchers, a bowl of fruit and complimentary water. We also received a letter of apology from the hotel Manager and a phone number to call if we needed to. The room was wonderful! We had a lovely view of the lake and downtown. Although the hotel is far from downtown, they have a free shuttle that will take you to tourist sites. Kudos to the staff who made the rest of our stay enjoyable. This review is a little late in coming but i wanted to make sure they were thanked	
Oct 4 2009 	WOW!	Just returned from a night stay at Hyatt! It was far beyond my expectation! Staff were very willing to please! Ate lunch at M/X food was very good! Ate Breakfast at Shor was Good!Room had awesome view of city and was very clean! Slept in alot of Hotels and this bed was by far the best! Has shuttle that will take you to navy pier and Musuems! But no return shuttle so be prepared to take cab back or bus! Would recommend and return to this Hotel!	
Sep 17 2009 	Great benefits and View	From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty! It was easy to access the hotel from the highway and the parking garage was easily accessed for self parking. Check in went smoothly, we had reserved as part of a Summer Package and received a room w/ a city/lake view on the top floor! Also as part of the package was free self park and free wireless internet. The concierge was very helpful and recommended a place for dinner. We did see a show, &quot;The Color Purple&quot; at the Arie Crown Center in McCormick Place and getting to and from the show was extremely easy and completely indoors. The hotel does offer a free shuttle to the Mag. Mile but it only leaves on the hour and only has 14 seats so it was booked for any time that we wanted to go. Taxi to the Mile depending on where you are going is $10-15 each way. The room was a fair size and clean. The decor was slightly older but in good shape. Our view from 3313 was AMAZING! We could see Navy Pier, the marina and several of downtowns buildings. The beds at the Hyatt hotels are wonderful and we never have a hard time sleeping:) I did use the Fitness Center and it was very nice and accessible 24 hours. The only downside of this hotel for me is that it is a little out of the way for what I am usually doing in Chicago. I would definetely stay here again though!	
Aug 27 2009 	Clean and comfortable at a great price	This is a great hotel and they frequently have great price discounts available through Priceline. The staff is very courteous and they go out of their way to help you enjoy your stay. The hotel is very clean from the lobby/check-in to the rooms. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were quite large for a standard hotel room. There were also great amenities like Aquafresh toothpaste and great shampoo/conditioner. I would have to say that this hotel is a bit out of the way. It's close to the convention center which is near Soldier Field. It's about a $10 cab ride into the city and believe me that cab ride is worth it for the deal you get here. The hotel also has an hourly shuttle to take you into the city. I would suggest to the hotel that this become a half hour shuttle as it can fill up quickly and also, it's easier to plan your day if you can leave on a more flexible schedule.Overall I would definitely stay at this hotel again when visiting Chicago.	
Aug 25 2009	Wonderful Anniversary Weekend At Hyatt Mccormack Place Chicago	My wife and I recently celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary and what better a city to do that in than Chicago. We booked using Priceline and got a favourable rate. I contacted the hotel to advise them that this was a special occasion for us and inquired if an upgrade would be possible.On check-in we were greeted by &quot;Happy Anniversary...we have upgraded you to a suite.&quot; Music to our ears. And what a suite...it had about 1,000 sq. ft. about the size of a small condo. The view of Chicago's shoreline was amazing. The staff...each and every one went out of their way to be helpful.We used valet parking which was a bit steep at $38. per day but the valet service was both prompt and curteous. One last thing about the hotel...their bar on the main level was warm and welcoming for a nightcap.Several days we did not use the car at all. No problem, the #3 bus stops right in front of the hotel and runs right up Michigan Ave. to most key tourist attractions. During the week service is very frequent...less so on weekends. You can get a travel pass for unlimited Chicago Transit Authority travel for use on both busses and subway. Using the subway...red line involves a non user friendly walk to/from the subway station. The #3 bus is a much better bet.Two suggestions for visitors who may not have visited this wonderful city in a long time...1. Tave the Architectural River Cruise- great. 2. Have dinner at Old Town Brasserie - the food, service, and piano player were all great. Super wine list as well.Hope you enjoy as much as we did.	
Aug 15 2009 	Only good if you have bussiness at McCormick Place stay elsewhere otherwise.	Location, location, location. If you are attending an event or exhibiting at McCormick Place its a good place to stay, because you don't have to deal with parking each day and can simply walk from the hotel to the convention center without even going outside. However, as a hotel for seeing chicago, its to far from downtown, which means you will have to take expensive cabs just to get to the typical tourist attractions. Also, there is an incredible lack of dinning options after midnight (not even a vending machine and nothing within walking distance of the hotel), so if you are coming in late to the hotel, be sure to eat before you get there!	
Aug 9 2009 	Solid hotel but the location was not to my liking	This is a pretty decent hotel, but I prefer to be a little more north. Most of the better destinations in Chicago are a few miles north of this McCormick Place location. This hotel has an excellent location to Soldier Field, Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium, and the Field Museum .. so that was a positive. They offer shuttle service to various spots, so the location might not be much of a problem for everybody. All told though it was a great bargain for me as I was able to secure a room for $77 per night thru Priceline, but in the future I will look to stay a little north of this location.I had a nice stay though, and I would recommend this hotel ... especially to those that plan on hitting the destinations I mentioned earlier, and for those that have business dealings in or around McCormick Place.	
Aug 6 2009 	Hyatt Name WITHOUT Hyatt 4-Star Quality	I stayed at this hotel for the Rock-N-Roll Chicago Half Marathon and although it was a somewhat nice enough hotel, its definitely NOT hyatt 4-Star Quality. This hotel deserves a 3Star at best (3.5 is pushing it). There was sitting water in our bathtub, the room was warm upon check in, the pillows on the bed were stained and the renovations mentioned on their site werent apparent (the wall paper in our bath room was peeling off the wall). The bathrooms are EXTREMELY small. We requested another room and were told there were none available and after calling several times and going back to the front desk, another room was provided for us which makes me feel like we were lied to because just 10mins before that there was &quot;nothing available&quot;. I wouldnt suggest this hotel to anyone. Also it is far from all of the &quot;Michigan Ave&quot; attractions, you'll need a cab or bus to get ANYWHERE except the convention center which is attached to the hotel. Its an optimal hotel for business travel but i wouldnt chose to stay here again otherwise. If youre a hyatt fan, i'd opt for Hyatt Regency Chicago!	
Aug 4 2009 	Checking in and parking are ridiculous but rooms are nice and comfortable	We stayed here for a long weekend in Chicago with our three kids. We tried to secure our rooms an hour before check in...at most hotels you can check in, secure your rooms, but then simply wait until official check in to get your keys while the rooms are being prepared. At this hotel, this is impossible. During a very busy day, they made everyone wait around in the lobby until 3pm. It was packed with people. Why not just check everyone in, and then have them wait to get the key only? Then those who got there early have a better chance of getting the room type requested? As it was for us, we had kids with us and waiting in a packed space is trouble, so we left to go to the aquarium. By the time we came back we were on SEPARATE FLOORS. We were told the next day they would automatically move us to new, connected rooms. Nope. We had to come up and request it again, making us wait to find new rooms, and then wait for our luggage. On top of that, people should know that parking is extremely high and if you want to use a car at all, that you are forced to use valet for in and out privileges for $38 a day or your parking is $27 each and every time you leave. Thankfully, the front desk people are kind (it's not their fault the check in system and parking is stupid), but it was a hassle.Contrary to a lot of reviews, the hotel's location isn't terrible at all, depending on why you are there. If you want nightlife and downtown, this is possible if you drive or take the bus, but if you are there for museums like we were, it's good. It's within walking distance of The Field Museum, Soldier Field, Shedd's Aquarium, Adler Planetarium, and 12th Street Beach, next to public transportation (the #3 bus pulls up right in front of the hotel), and has many places to eat nearby within walking distance or a short drive. Chinatown is a few blocks down Cermak Street. Checking out didn't work via television, so again we had to wait in line to check out. Also, although they have three kiosks available for checking in and out, none of them were ever working. Also, no free internet. No wi fi at all. Only a for-pay ethernet cable was available. The rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, and our view was beautiful. The hotel is perpendicular to the lake so if you are on any of three sides of the hotel, you get an awesome city AND lake view. I just wish it wasn't so much of a hassle to do simple things.	
Aug 1 2009 	absolutely...Perfect stay.	I must say this place was perfect!! I and my son who is 10yrs.old ,and a close friend decided to stay here because we got an awesome room rate. I must say i was a little leery (i had no inside info on the place) but, it was everything we could have wanted. The staff was very accomodating (the bell boys even played with the kids) had a heated pool (clean) and every inch of the hotel was very clean...Our room was spotless! The hotel featured a free Shuttle to vistor &quot;hot spots&quot;..and the parking was relatively cheap..$27.00 a day (self park)not to mention the hotel itself is modern and upscale. We will be back!	
Jul 14 2009 	Perfect for the business traveler	As I read the previous reviews, I was a little concerned. I was going to be spending a week in this hotel for a conference. I was actually considering a different hotel. I contacted their customer service rep by e-mail and outlined my concerns. I needed a reliable internet connection. I needed a no-smoking room, on a no smoking floor (asthma), I needed a refrigerator in the room (medicine) I needed enough space in the room or at the bell stand for a scooter. I was assured by an e-mail response the next day that none of the above was a problem. I arrived early and was checked in immediately. The room was clean, spacious, and exactly what I needed. Some might quibble that it was not up-to-date but just give me a great bed, a desk with a task chair, a chair or couch for comfortable reading and be clean. A big plus was the state- of-the-art gym with plenty of treadmills and bicycles. (and towels)The housekeeping staff was generous with towels and de-caf coffee for the in room machine. The place was packed with my compatriots and really it is perfect if you are going to be at the Convention Center, just an elevator ride and an enclosed walkway away.The service was consistent. The staff really got that those people were anxious to get to their meetings but also needed breakfast. The wait staff was friendly; the food in the hotel restaurant was fresh and fast. The coffee came in a press and the tea was a premium brand with a pot.So here we are the last night. Dropped stuff off at the package room. The person manning the room was efficient and keen on detail.And yes, the public bus for $2.25 picks up right in front of the hotel for a trip to the museum or downtown. If you are an experienced business traveller, I pretty sure that you will be content with this choice as my friend who checked out this morning said, this is a hotel that really gets what we need.And yes, a clean fast internet connection as I send this recommendation.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Hotel	What can I say, it is a Hyatt. We were on the 10th floor (1002) on 4th of July and could see about 6 to 8 different fireworks shows put on by the smaller communities of Chicago. I liked that the hotel was away from the crowds. It costed about $15 to get to the Navy Pier by taxi. They also offer a shuttle service on the hour. You have to sign up for it ahead of time. It gets full quick, so as soon as you check in you may want to get your name on the sheet. The room was beautiful and the bathroom was huge. I am very happy with my stay here.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Bargain	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 1 night in June on a Saturday when I went to watch the USvHonduras World Cup Qualifier. PRICE:$85 plus tax on Priceline.com was well worth it. (there was three of us staying at the hotel so it helped even more).ROOM:Room was crisp and clean. Neatly cut blue and white linens on the bed, large flat screen TV. Pseudo bathroom where the sink was out side of the bathroom itself (sort of like a large water closet where the toilet and shower was behind the door). Room wasn't huge but it came with a double bed. We didn't stay in the room very long, just a place to clean up, store our stuff, and sleep for a couple of hours before an early morning flight.LOCATION:About a 10 minute walk from soldier field, couldn't ask for a better location to support events at the stadium. Easy access to downtown Chi-Town.AMENITIES:Didn't see much in the way of newspapers or extras. We didn't eat at the hotel so I can't comment much on that. The one problem I had was I couldn't connect to the high-speed internet or it wasn't available. SERVICE:Staff was pleasant and efficient. Checked-in and out with ease. Overall, from my limited stay, I would recommend this hotel. It definitely felt like a business hotel as it was attached to a convention center but for one night from Priceline, it's top notch in my book.	
Jun 17 2009 	Stay closer to downtown	Stayed here to go to Cubs game and then hang out in downtown area afterwards. There were 6 of us and no minivan taxis so we all crammed into one taxi. Was so far from downtown area we didn't go back there to change clothes because it would have cost to ride a taxi back and forth. If you are planning on being downtown for your outings my advice would be to find something downtown instead. We paid around $90 for our room. I'm guessing you could find something for same price but with more convenience. Took a limo back to hotel and the driver couldn't even find our hotel. It is a very nice hotel but just too far from everything. Self parking is $27 and valet is around $38.	
Jun 16 2009 	Thanks for making our first Chicago trip a good one.	We got a great deal through Priceline on this hotel. We were a bit concerned at first because of the location on the &quot;South-side&quot;. Those fears are unwarranted as you probably won't be walking anywhere from this hotel. The location is a bit distant from downtown, causing you to rely on public transportation a lot. However the hotel offers a free shuttle that takes you downtown. You are on your own getting back, but just grab the #3 bus and it drops you off right in front of the hotel. The shuttle driver was awesome! She even took us to the closest blue line station (to get to the airport) after we checked out, so we wouldn't have to pay for a taxi or fool with dragging our luggage on a bus. [I hope I don't get her in trouble for that, as that's not one of the shuttle stops. But there were only a couple people on the shuttle and it was on the way to downtown.] That's indicative of the overall service we received while at the Hyatt. Thank you Hyatt.The hotel has all the amenities you would need..room service, onsite restaraunts, pool, fitness center, concierge, etc. Very nice decor, comfortable and clean.My only complaint is the location, but if you plan accordingly it's not a big deal. It was our first trip to Chicago, so we weren't there to sit in a hotel. We got up and got going and didn't come back until the evening. We made sure to grab dinner before returning to the hotel, as there isn't much nearby, but we also ordered in from downtown restaraunts (Giordano's and a chinese place) and had it delivered with no problem. Hotel food is a bit expensive, but what hotel isn't? There's a McDonalds within walking distance down a few blocks and there's even one in the McCormick Place convention center if you need a meal in a pinch.We even got adventurous and walked back to the hotel one afternoon/evening from the Grant Park/Museum Campus area. It was only a couple miles, but stopping to grab dinner on the way and admiring the scenery made it enjoyable. We (myself, wife and 2 boys (8 &amp; 5) safe the whole way to the hotel (we took Michigan Ave to Ceremak).	
Jun 16 2009 	When In Chicago Stay at the Hyatt at McCormick Place	I stayed at the Hyatt McCormick Place and was very impressed. The suite was beautiful, the views we outstanding. We were able to view a fireworks display at the Navy pier form our room on Saturday night - I wondered if Liz, the Guest Experience Manager, ordered that display for our party. Service was excellent, the suite was excellent and very roomy. The view of downtown Chicago and the lake were awesome. The staff was great and helped us out by providing extra trash cans in the room. We had a get together at my suite after the graduation, 30 people and tons of food fit easily. The staff helped us transport the supplies and food in and out of the hotel.It was an excellent location as I was attending an event at UoC. Access to downtown was very easy. I would very much like to stay here again. As a matter of fact, it was very hard to leave the room to head back home. LCD tv, great walk-in closet, nice living room area and very highly recommended!I want to thank Liz and the staff for making my stay a memorable and enjoyable stay.	
Jun 7 2009 	Wonderful hotel! Had fabulous time!!	We stayed at the Hyatt McCormick Place and loved it!! Service was excellent, rooms very nice, the pool was warm and wonderful. Great finess center!! Very convenient to soldier field!! Would definitely stay here again. Highly recommended!	
May 21 2009 	they care	Let's just say the front desk cares what you think about the place. So...upper management is doing its job.They take care of you when they mess up.Part of me wishes that they didn't mess up.The hotel plays the part however, it is 50 ft from the main lobby of the convention center. Beats the hell out of waiting for a shuttle.other stuff: walls are waaaay too thin, business center is clean but a rip off	
May 21 2009 	Almost Clean but great location	If the first room I checked into was clean I would have been happier--the location couldn't be better for access to McCormick Place.The business center was useful, but I preferred the Kinko's in McCormick Place. I didn't take advantage of the Restaurants in the hotel--much prefer to check out some new places in Chicago.Parking seemed a bit expensive and honestly, why can't the staff read? If the sign says entrance and exit to the parking structure... why would they block it off and allow people to almost get into accidents.The room is modern but they should join the ranks of hotels providing free internet.	
May 20 2009 	Clean but DEFINITELY not to Hyatt standards!	I attended the NRA trade show last weekend and stayed at this Hyatt for two nights. First, let me say that the public areas were very nice. The employees we came into contact with were FANTASTIC, especially at the front desk, housekeeping and gift shop/convenience store. Definitely a typical Hyatt experience - UNTIL you walk into the room. OMG. If you blindfolded me, took me into the room, took the blindfold off and asked me what hotel chain's room I was standing in I would have to say Holiday Inn. This is not to say that the Holiday Inn is in any way a terrible chain - but Hyatt standards are most definitely not met in these rooms. For the over $200 per night charged it doesn't even come close to being acceptable. The closet is even covered by a CURTAIN. There is no safe in the room (for a business hotel?), no magnification mirror (small annoyance), the towels were so thin and dare I even mention the toilet paper? I'm sure some prisons use softer toilet paper. Forget the coffee too - ugh, the room had the single serve piece of plastic junk coffee maker that drips out one cup of (horrible) coffee at a time in about 10 minutes. Most of the hotels at this price range also offer WIRELESS internet access (some without cost) but I was tethered to the desk and had to pay an additional $10 for 24 hours of internet access (or take my laptop over to the convention center where it is FREE). If you HAVE to stay here, it is convenient to the convention center and the rooms are kept very clean by a wonderful housekeeping staff. Perhaps it is because I am used to our Florida Hyatts that are impeccable and luxurious that I am aghast at this particular location. I saw many hotels in the downtown area that would put this hotel to shame - and it would cost the same to take a cab out to the convention as it did to take a cab out of the convention area to downtown (where there is absolutely nothing to do after the convention closes each day). If you have to pay more to stay downtown it would be well worth it - IMHO. Frankly, this should not be called a Hyatt - nice standard hotel, but not Hyatt.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Convention Hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights during a tradeshow in March. Booked a standard king room and was upgraded to a Corner Suite (I am a Diamond member with Hyatt).Check-in was fast and efficient. The staff was friendly and very professional. For those attending a trade show at McCormick Place, you cannot beat the convenience of a 5 minute walk from your hotel room to the exhibition area.The rooms are very clean and up-to-date as far as modern furnishings go. (LCD tv, nice furniture, decorations). The bed is very soft and comfortable - perfect for resting after standing all day during a trade show. The bathroom is somewhat small, but great nonetheless. Noise was not an issue, although you could hear the occasional sound of doors closing in the hallway.The hotel is located right next to McCormick Place, which is situated south of the Chicago downtown area. If you're visiting as a tourist and have no business at McCormick, I recommend staying elsewhere. Otherwise, you will be spending money on taxi fare or spending 15-20 minutes walking to the downtown/Magnificent Mile area.I tried the breakfast buffet at the restaurant downstairs and it had a wide selection of good food with great service. The bar/lounge was ok but service was poor, most likely due to the large crowd of tradeshow visitors.I would stay here again only if I had to visit McCormick Place.	
Apr 17 2009 	Worth staying at if you have business at McCormick Place	Just returned having attended a conference at McCormick Place. The hotel itself is clean and 4 star quality. There is a skywalk on the 2nd floor that leads right into McCormick Place so it made going back and forth very convenient. As other readers have pointed out, as long as you have business at McCormick Place, it is the place to stay at for sure. The only challenge is the hotel is not near anything else (I did discover a McDonalds about a 5-10 min walk). I did make the use of the hotel shuttle into town but it only runs up to 6 pm - it dropped me off downtown and I managed to take the bus back (the #3 bus by the way). Overall, I had a very pleasant experience.	
Apr 11 2009 	Do not stay here unless you must be near convention center.	First the good. Bed was excellent, with very good pillows although sheets were thread bare. Good desk chair. good hotel if your entire stay is for convention next door and you just want a place to sleep while being at convention center.Negative: Not what you think of as a Hyatt. We were booked by mistake at this hotel, thankfully able to change to only for a one night stay. We could not wait to check out. Nearest restaurants are in Chinatown, a $7 taxi ride away, and they are poor. Would rate this hotel a 3* at best. Bellman watched us unload luggage from limo and place it on curb and only then did he offer assistance. Wall paper peeling in room and hall. Anywhere there could be dust, it was there. Drab, cheap decor, as previouly noted closet door is more like a shower curtain. Bath amenities (almost none) were 2 star, not 4 star at they think of themselves. The TV was neither a flat screen or HD (understand suites have hdtv) and it must have been as old as hotel, which I would guess is about 10 years. Internet so slow as to be almost unusable.	
Apr 6 2009 	A good solid hotel if you're at McCormick Place	The hotel is perfectly located for events at McCormick place. The rooms are clean and presentable (if not a little stodgy in their decor). The staff were perfectly helpful without being overbearing. The restaurant downstairs was good and the snack shop well stocked. No complaints there. The internet cable in the room is exceptionally short, bring a spare if you can. Business center is good, staff are again helpful. However, it is a real trek to get downtown for any entertainment or food. If you're at the McCormick and need to get some work done, it's perfect.	
Mar 31 2009 	Little details make all the (annoying) difference	I'd like to thank previous reviewers for all of their tips. I brought with me plenty of snacks and (more importantly) a 25-foot long ethernet cord. This has really helped me.I was assigned to a beautiful suite (they must have been out of standard rooms). An amazing view of downtown Chicago and the water. Wow. And more room than the lower floor of my house.That being said, I can't believe such a fabulous room is marred by so many little annoyances. For one thing, not only is there no wireless, but the ethernet cable is short and located on the desk, so if you want to work on your laptop from the bed, bring a long ethernet cable of your own. Second, there are no easily accessible power outlets next to the bed (I generally like to plug in my iPhone and use it as a backup alarm in case the hotel one doesn't work)! Third, the walls really are paper thin (and I'm pretty noise tolerant in general)Finally, the sheets on the bed are weird - the bottom sheet is thin (so thin you can see through to the mattress0 and doesn't tuck under the head of the bed, and the sheets around the comforter don't seal. So, while I'm not one of those people who runs around with a UV-light, even I question whether this feels &quot;clean&quot;.On the bright side, they did supply a tube of toothpaste in the room, which is really nice. I like hotels that supply toothpaste and mouthwash (this one didn't supply the mouthwash) since bringing those 3 ounce bottles everywhere doesn't always work out for me.And, as I said, the view (at least from this room) was unbelieveable. Too bad I was there for a conference and couldn't enjoy it for very long.	
Mar 26 2009 	Not bad if you're exhibiting or attending a convention at McCormick	The rooms are pretty solid and definitely for business travelers. If you are attending or exhibiting there, the convenience is unbeaten. They just added a mini-fridge which is good for those who like to stock their rooms during these trips. Do stock plenty of water since the air quality will dry you up like a prune during sleep. Unfortunately, they have not upgraded their TV's yet and have a terrible channel selection. The sauna, pool and gym is not bad at all for a business hotel. The concierge is pretty solid when they are around. They also have auto check-in and check-out but there is no flexibility with changing your room using the machine. The store at the hotel is a complete rip-off. Unlike many other midwest hotel stores, the mark-up is incredible - especially the booze and refreshments. The in-hotel bar provides the best value for the food there. There are many TV's at the bar just in case you are a sports fan. About the convention center, the food is slim pickins so be warned. For a normal lunch you will spend close to $20. They have a cafeteria with hot food which is the most expensive and a Connies and McDonalds on the lower level. Truthfully, the McDonalds is the only food establishment there that is not a complete rip-off. Tip - the taxi line is much shorter at the hotel entrance as opposed to the convention center entrance.	
Mar 2 2009 	Good stay for McCormick Travelers	We stayed here for a audition that my daughter had at the McCormick Place, perfect for us for the night, the rooms were nice and clean, our veiw was not that great room 2229 overlooking the water. The smoke stacks that came from just below our room took away from anything that would have been nice to see.Food was good, beds comfrontable and the overall stay was very nice.	
Feb 1 2009	Great Hotel but Overpriced 	We stayed here over New Year's 2009 to visit with some family. The hotel itself was very nice: excellent gym and pool, very nice rooms overall with plenty of space to work. The staff at the restaurant downstairs and the doormen were very friendly and helpful and got to know us after a day or two. The internet was $9.95/ day and you had to get on through an ethernet cable, which was really frustrating since there were two of us who needed to work from the room. There's really nothing nearby; we walked 2 blocks to a McDonald's, and that's the only thing at all close aside from the convention center, which was pretty deserted while we were there (over New Year's eve/ day). If you're going to a conference at the McCormick Place, this is probably a great place to stay, though as it's right by the convention center. It's really overpriced, which again goes with the conference thing. Overall, not a bad experience, but for price and location reasons it's clearly a hotel geared toward people attending conferences.	
Jan 7 2009 	Other guests' reviews right on the money!	I stayed at this hotel to attend a concert that was held at the Arie Crown Theater. Boy was I ever thankful that I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor about the hotel before I went to Chicago for the concert. First, this hotel is a smart choice if you're attending an event at McCormick Place. However, take heed about what other guests note in their reviews -- there are NOT any (underline any) amenities near-by the area outside of the hotel. This area is devoid of restaurants, sports bars, convenience/drug stores, gas stations, grocery stores, shopping, etc. This really surprised me because it seems to be an up and coming area. It really didn't matter that I was driving because I didn't want to take my car in and out of the parking garage because of the exorbitant parking rates. Besides, it was too late for me to jumping on buses or flagging down a cab just to grab a bite to eat. So I went without food until the next day. Now, sure I could've eaten in the hotel, but as other guests noted, the food was very pricey. So, plan ahead, be prepared and bring your own food, snacks and beverages if you stay at this Hyatt Regency. Or, you can hop a cab or the bus into downtown to grab a bite to me and have more choices. One other thing to note, the on-site restaurants close early. When I was walked to the concert around 8pm, all of the hotel's amenties were closed. This was confusing, especially since there was a concert going on next door. Guess they want to force you to order room service. The room was average. Walls are really, really paper thin (I could hear clearly the conversation of the guests next door). My view was spectacular. Fan for heater was very loud, but I had to have it on since temperature was single digit. As I said, if you're going to an event at McCormick Place, it's a good choice, but make sure you have food and snacks for after the event and when all of the on-site (and overpriced) amenties are closed.	
Dec 7 2008 	Great fo Convention Center	Stayed at the hotel for the CFA Exam, which was proctored in McCormick Place on Dec 5, 2008. I booked a &quot;winter getaway&quot; package for $161, for a standard room that included free parking. When I told them I was sitting for an exam, they automatically upgraded me to a large studio suite on the 22nd floor, with views of the loop and the lake. I know the area (this is not an area where most will want to roam around late at night), so I didn't go outside much. But for the use of the convention center, it was everything I could have hoped for. Great experience!	
Nov 13 2008	Be careful with your personal belongings-they will steal it	Make sure you never leave a cellphone visible in your room especially a blackberry as it will be stolen. Even a measly $5.00 bill lying around as it will be taken and the staff will explain to you that there is nothing that they can do about it as their professional lock down system shows that it is only you that had access to your room. It was a horrible experience when you know the housekeeping staff is keeping tabs on you. No consolation as you were looked at in the face that you were the liar in the situation. Staying at the Hyatt does not mean that you are staying at a 4 star hotel. The only convenience it has is the convention next door.	
Nov 13 2008	Review...	PROS: Clean, nice rooms, comfortable beds, adjacent to convention center, good fitness center and pool. Restaurants staff excellent and friendly. I especially liked that just inside the room's door there was a place to sit and take off shoes.CONS: Not close to Chicago attractions, few restaurants nearby. Hotel shuttle only runs once an hour and only in the morning; it takes guests to specific tourist locales (no return trip offered), plus you have to sign up for the shuttle as space runs out quickly. Daily Grind was overpriced and the staff was a bit slow.OVERALL: Found staff to be friendly and helpful and hotel was fine. There was a bus stop right outside the hotel and the bus would take you right into downtown Chicago. This was a good way to travel but the hotel staff seemed hesitant to suggest public transportation.	
Nov 3 2008 	Nice Room Bad Service	I guess I shouldn't complain much being that I paid $99/night through priceline for the room at this hotel attached to the Chicago convention center, and the room was clean and comfortable. Unfortunately service means a lot to me and the people I spoke to at this hotel just didn't seem to understand that they are in the business of hospitality. Maybe it was because it was a slow weekend for them and they weren't really on their A-game, but still, the rudeness, apathy, and attitudes I received from the stuff was unneccessary. I won't stay there again if it can be avoided.	
Oct 15 2008 	A mediocre convention hotel	This is a pricey hotel in a dicey neighborhood with nothing nearby but the convention center and a cash-only McDonald's. If it had a decent restaurant and a cafe that stayed opened later than 6 p.m., then it might squeak by. But the cafe is very limited, the restaurant expensive and so-so and the hotel shop so limited in its selection it makes a newsstand look like a Walmart.If you are attending a conference at McCormick Place, stay elsewhere and take a cab. You'll pay no less than at this hotel, but you will at least be able to walk to places and enjoy a choice of restaurants.	
Oct 12 2008 	Best choice for attending McCormick Place	If you are going to McCormick Place, this hotel can't be beat. It's attached so you dont even have to go outside...Not to mention that you won't have to wait in the massive taxi lines that form for the McCormick Place.Hotel is extremely good...Great rooms + view of Chicago, nice fitness center, pleasant staff. They clearly take pride in their hotel.The downside of this hotel is that you have to taxi it if you want to head into Chicago. There's literally nothing nearby and while it's not a bad area (it's really close to Solider Field as well), it's deserted on the weekends and at night.	
Oct 11 2008 	Serviceable but seek shelter elsewhere....	Stayed here on a recent business trip despite the fact that I had no business at the convention center. The hotel is located on the south side of Chicago - much closer to Midway than to ORD. Got to the hotel early but they wouldn't check me in - i had a heck of a trouble trying to access the web thru my wireless &quot;air&quot; card - a theme that was repeated later on when i checked into my room.Hotel is clean and efficient - the room that i was checked into was on a high floor with a beautiful view south. Room was clean but not luxurious. No Wi-Fi in the room - i repeat - no wi-fi in the room. This is a convention center business person's hotel and there was no wi-fi. I have a wireless card that allows me to connect to the web anywhere i can get an att cell signal - but it did not work - i suspect the jam the signal so that you must buy their wired web service. Cab ride into downtown/loop area not a bad ride - the hotel even has a free shuttle service operated by a chatty woman. The hotel gym is very, very good. Lots of treadmills, free weights and machines. I did not use the pool tho it looked pretty good. Outdoor sun deck right by the pool/gym.No real reason to stay at this hotel unless you need the convenience during a convention - yes it is an OK hotel with some bright spots - but why subject yourself to this mediocrity? - t'man	
Oct 10 2008 	Underwhelmed	I'm here right now for a recruiting event and supposedly getting a &quot;deal&quot; for $250. I am not impressed. The room has a bit of an odd layout wherein as you enter the room, you immediately walk into an open bathroom vanity and closet &quot;door&quot; area. Actually it's not a closet door, but a essentially a closet shower curtain. There is a good-sized hole in the carpet behind the entry door revealing the concrete subfloor beneath. The sleeping area and bathroom area are separated by a weird partial wall. Not architectually interesting. Just a kind of strange. The walls seem to be pretty thin, too. Last night I was awakened by a some very loud laughing that seemed to be coming from the floor above me. I could hear sneezing in the room next to me. The halls and elevator area (at least on the 7th floor) are quite austere. Just carpet and walls. No furniture or decoration to be found. Lastly, the toiletry items. I groaned a little when I saw they were Portico products, which are exclusive (I think) to Hyatt. For the uninitiated, these have the scent of &quot;white ginger.&quot; I am not perfume-phobic, but this scent is so cloyingly sweet that my nose is tingling just thinking about it. It might appeal to some women, but I'd be surprised if any man would want to use it. I would suggest you bring your own soap (I've got some from the hotel I stayed in the day before, yes!) if you have issues with strong scents.	
Oct 8 2008 	Good If you have business at McCormick Place	Spent two nights here for a trade show. The upside first, hotel is clean, my room offered a pretty nice view of Lake Michigan, the bed was quite comfy, the staff was nice, and it is attached to the convention center.The downside, there is nothing to do around this hotel and it is about a 10 to 20 minute cab ride from downtown depending on time of day, the hotel is in a tough neighborhood, if fact I advise people do not go outside at night except to get a cab. There is no need to go outside between the convention center and the hotel since they are attached and well secured. I was also pretty surprised to see a $9.95 per day fee to use the internet. In 2008 you would think this would be included in the room rate especially at $275.00 per night.	
Oct 5 2008 	Amazing stay in a so-so neighborhood	I was upgraded to a suite at the McCormick Place, which was absolutely stunning. The view of downtown Chicago was phenomenal. Staff at the hotel were incredibly friendly; always willing to help out and anticipate your next move. Location of the hotel is not at all central and public transportation to the hotel is nonexistent. Not the fault of the hotel, but still a downside. Overall, a superb stay!	
Oct 2 2008 	Won't Be Back Unless I'm At A Trade Show At McCormick Place	I just finished spending three nights in this hotel for a trade show, and I must say, I'm less than impressed. Not with the staff -- service here is impeccable. Not with the view -- on the north side of the hotel the view of the Loop is incredible. The rooms are small but scrupulously clean, with nice furnishings and firm comfortable beds. The restaurants here are terrific as well.But complaints? I've got a few. For one: cheap fuzzy 25&quot; CRT TVs when flat panels are so inexpensive these days. Another: No microwave or fridge. This is a $220 room here! Another: virtually nothing to buy at the hotel convenience store. (You have to drive a mile north to a Jewel at Michigan and Roosevelt to lay in snacks, booze etc. for the room.) Another: stupid tiny useless pool. Another: virtually nothing to do in the immediate neighborhood. It used to be a total wasteland around McCormick Place, but the area is gradually filling in with housing, so hopefully soon shops and bars and restaurants will follow. (I mean, it's sad when there's way more to do around the convention center in DETROIT than there is in CHICAGO - and I should know, I'm from Detroit.) It's also weird that in a city with a really good mass transit system, there's no mass transit at this hotel or the convention center -- the only way out of here is expensive cabs.All told, the only reason to stay here is if you're hooked up with a trade show at McCormick, as I was. For regular pleasure travel to Chicago, go to the Loop, there's only about 500 better locations.	
Sep 3 2008 	most hassle-free check-in and check-out ever	I recently spent one night at the Regency Hyatt McCormick Place while attending the Windy City Open DanceSport Competition held there. I thought that the rate was a good value. The room was well-appointed and comfortable, with a spectacular view of the Chicago skyline. The automated check-in (through a computer terminal in the lobby) and check-out (through the television screen in-room) were my most convenient and hassle-free check-in and check-out ever. I had dinner at the Shor restaurant, pricy but good. I was at the hotel less than 24 hours but wish I could've stayed longer and experienced more of the amenities.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice hotel so-so location	We booked this hotel at the last minute after our trip to Florida had to be cancelled because of Fay. The staff was very friendly, with the exception of one of the concierge. The parking charge is a little ridiculous, but the valet guys were most helpful when telling us how to get around. The room was very clean and comfortable, but nothing spectacular. We ate at one restaurant for breakfast one morning and wished we had just gotten room service, since the price was the same ($55 for 2 adults and 1 child), although the staff there was very friendly and accommodating. We drove a few places, but bought a CTA card the last day and took the bus, el, and a water taxi around the city. It's not a long bus ride, and really the most economical choice considering you will pay minimum $14 downtown to park. If you can't stay right in town or in Grant Park, or if you are going to a convention at Mccormick place, this is not a bad choice, however, I would not pay the full price to stay there.	
Aug 14 2008 	Inexpensive enjoyable hotel	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency McCormick Place over the Lollapalooza weekend (August 1-3). I was there for the concert primarily, and to tour the city. I have to say, this hotel worked out quite well. The rooms were in good condition, though not outstanding. Services/prices were what I expect from a typical business/convention hotel: expensive and not worth my time. I didn't try the food, it was also on the pricey side. The room itself was incredibly inexpensive, especially considering the busy weekend. I paid under $100 a night thanks to PL, which, considering the other options, was a great value.So, now, as to the location. I had no issues with the location whatsoever. I used 3 different types of transportation to get from the hotel to different parts of Chicago:1. By bus. There is a bus stop just outside the Hyatt. Several buses run by the stop. The #3 bus will take you up Michigan Avenue north to the Mag Mile area. It takes probably about 10 minutes to get to Grant Park, and ~20 minutes to get up to near the Hancock Center, the end point of the route. The #21 bus will take you west to Chinatown, but more importantly, it will take you to the EL Red line in about 5 minutes, and from there you can easily go all over Chicago.2. By cab. Cab rides were fairly inexpensive and fast. I had no problem getting a cab, either going to or from the hotel. A ride from Grant Park cost $10, including tip. Very reasonable.3. By foot. While I didn't walk around the area at night, during the day I found it quite enjoyable on the lakeshore. The hotel is close to Soldier Field (if you are coming to see the Bears, this would be an excellent choice for location), and probably took me 10 minutes on foot. Also nearby is the Museum Campus area, so the Field Museum, the Alder Planetarium and Shed Aquarium. These three are probably another 5-10 minutes past Soldier field. Finally, walking to the Grant Park area would take roughly 30-35 minutes taking the scenic lakeshore route, or probably 5-10 minutes less taking a more direct street route. I would probably say the largest issue I had with the hotel was the surrounding area lacked in any and all ameneties. There were no close (10 minute walk) restaurants, bars, or any nightlife whatsoever. You would be looking at the Loop for that, at least. Still, for sightseeing Chicago, if you are the kind of person that takes off in the morning and stays out all day, I would say this hotel is an excellent fit. You will likely save a lot of money compared to downtown hotels and not miss a thing. If you plan on coming back to your hotel often to change/rest/etc, I would suggest something closer to the downtown area. Overall though, I was very pleased with my time here.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great for conference guests	We stayed here for 7 nights, as part of a conference which was being held in the hotel.If you get a room with view of the city, great, but we weren't and we felt we'd missed out! The rooms are ok, clean, well furnished but a bit dull, and the coffee making facilities are wierd; 2 paper cups and a drip through machine-I wanted a kettle and china cups! The room was well serviced daily.The facilities of the hotel were ok, but expensive, breakfast cost is astonomical, although there is a small 'Starbucks' style outlet which is reasonable. There isn't much info about what is available in the centre-apparently there is a McDonalds somewhere but we never found it.The gym was superbly equipped, as was the pool.There is NOTHING you can walk to easily in the area -no shops, bars or restaurants-you really are stuck out in the midde of nowhere and due to time constraints, we always had to get a taxi into the centre of the city, at $15 dollars at time each way. I would take this cost into consideration if the hotel is cheaper than others located closer to the city. There was a bus stop just outside the hotel, I think it was the number 4, which took you right into the city.Chicago is a fantastic city, and we would reccommend anyone stay there: go to the cocktail bar in the Hancock tower at sunset, the architectural boat tour, check on booking a free walking tour with Chicago Greeters, fireworks, shopping along the Golden Mile and Water Tower. Superb trip!	
Jul 18 2008 	Substandard service	I stayed here for 4 nights because of a conference in the adjacent conference center. The hotel is in an unsafe neighbourhood and one of my colleagues was mugged just outside the hotel. It is in general a nice property with a good-sized swimming pool, but not as nice as other Chicago hotels at this price. I was annoyed by the fact that there is an extra charge for the internet, that you have to pay hefty extra charges for tea/coffee, juice, toast etc. at the breakfast buffet, and that the room does not have a safe so you have to carry all your valuables around with you (a particular risk in this neighbourhood) or spend your day waiting for someone at the front desk to let you access their safe boxes.	
Jul 13 2008 	gorgeous downtown and lake front views!!	We stayed at the Hyatt Regency on July 9th after we had decided at the last minute to stay in Chicago for 3 nights instead of 2. Although we only stayed at the hotel for 1 night out of the 3, we wished we could have stayed there all 3 nights!!! From the moment we walked inside, the hotel staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome. Everyone we met was extremely helpful and friendly. We stayed in room 1607, which had a gorgeous view of both downtown Chicago and Lake Michigan.The room was clean and very comfortable, the hotel was beautiful, and for us this was a great location, as we had brought our bicycles and spent the majority of our mini vacation cycling along the lake front. We also took the free shuttle to Navy Pier for the fireworks, and although there was a mix-up getting our names on the list, the staff made sure we were able to get on board.We will absolutely return to this great hotel!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Great views not so great service	Fabulous views of the chicago skyline and lake Michigan make up for the poor service at this nicely decorated hotel. If you stay here, be sure to ask for a room on a high floor with great views of the city. I almost wanted to stay in my room and just stare out the window. Although this property is not on the loop, it still is located convenient to buses and the red line. Unfortunately, housekeeping in the rooms is poor as evidenced by dusty furniture. I returned from a day of sightseeing to find my room the same as I left it that afternoon. I requested cleaning and they sent someone quickly, but it was not a good job. It was worth the low convention price I paid of $109.	
Jul 1 2008 	Do Not Stay Here	We were very disappointed in our recent stay at Hyatt Regency McCormick Place. 1) Furniture missing ( Ex. no chairs. They said they had been broken and not replaced) 2) Phone - You could call out but was broke and could not receive calls 3) The alarm clock was broke 4) No hot water in shower - For two days matter what time we tried the water was cold. Minor problems with room 1) Curtain for closet falling off 2) Our room was not ready until 1 hour after check in time Pros 1) Very accommodating staff in restaurant	
Jun 25 2008	Best Staff We've Encountered!	With an unmatched view of the Chicago Skyline, we were also impressed by the helpfulness of the staff. Their knowledge of the city ensured we had a safe and family-friendly weekend. The room was well-appointed with space for this family of 4 to move around and everything was immaculately clean. We were a little disappointed that there was only 1 chair in the room, no table, and we were on the south-side of the city, so walking adventures had to start with a cab-ride (shuttle service is only one way and was booked for our entire stay). Those items were the only reason we did not give this hotel an &quot;excellent&quot; rating.	
Feb 18 2008	Better off at a Holiday Inn	Adequate, but missing basic amenities. No cups or glasses in the room. Bed sheets too short for the mattress. Room was dirty. None of the lights worked because they had been unplugged. Can't believe they don't have wireless and they charge for Internet!! Even a cheap hotel has free wireless!!Bottom line--it's a place to sleep, but it's not what I expect from a Hyatt Regency.	
Jan 27 2008 	No Staff Not Clean Not Helpful	Just completed stay on 1/27/08. Hate to complain but... Arrived at 3pm to find floor full of breakfast trays outside 1/3 of the doors on the floor including our room. Our first room was water logged due to some sort heater leak. It was truly like a suana -- not entirely bad in a Chicago winter! Someone must have known because there were towels on the window sills. Manager was unhelpful, wanted to fix the problem rather than assign new room. We were initially told there were no other rooms available, then a few seconds later one &quot;just popped-up.&quot;Second room was a smoking room -- not informed of this. Requested some shampoo and it never arrived.It seems as if they were really short on staff, but you would think they would have a handle on it by now. Suggest another hotel would be cleaner.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great hotel at resonable price	We stayed here to go to a fundraiser at McCormick Place. The rates were very reasonable and the location was perfect. the hotel room was large, and had a fantastic view of the lake. The front desk was very helpful and accomodating upon arrival and let us check in way early. The restaurant and bar of the hotel was the only downfall. Neither were very classy. Overall, loved the stay.	
Dec 16 2007 	stay away !	Would not stay here again. Service was bad and the concierge was nothing more that useless.	
Nov 10 2007 	Hyatt Regency McCormick Place - pros and cons	I just returned from a large conference in Chicago where I stayed at the Hyatt Regency that was attached to the conference center. There were definite pros and cons to staying there. The pros: large clean room with comfortable beds, never had to go outside to attend conference events, speedy elevators, and a nice fitness center. The cons: not close to any downtown attractions or restaurants, hotel restaurants were expensive and food only so-so, ridiculously long lines to get a cab to go anywhere at night, and no free wireless anywhere in the hotel, even the lobby areas. I can't decide if the convenience of being right at the conference events outweighed the other inconvieniences, espcially being able to find something to eat. It required a cab ride to go anywhere for dinner and there was one night I waited 35 minutes in line in the lobby to get a cab to go downtown and another night that I decided it wasn't worth the wait and had a tasteless bowl of soup for $8 in the hotel restaurant. The concierege said the walk to the train downtown wasn't safe at night, so the only choices were cabs or the bus. One night, a group of us braved the bus to go downtown for dinner, which was the most interesting experience I had during the trip! There were some food courts in the actual conference center, but they also seemed to have long lines and food that wasn't very good. So I was frustrated a lot with meals and wished I had packed some crackers or something to get me by. I was also aggravated at paying over $200 a night for a room and still having to pay another $10 for internet service, even in the lobby. I'm not sure I'd stay there again, even for a conference in the dead of winter where I didn't want to go outside to attend conference events. While the room was nice, with a view of the city and lake, it just didn't seem to be worth the cost and hassles.	
Nov 10 2007 	Just Okay...	With the Hyatt chain one usually expects to pay a little more but get more in the way of amenities and service. Well, I'd say it was a toss up with this hotel.I'm currently staying here as I write this review. My wife is attending a convention and have to admit that being connected to the convention center is VERY convenient. For those that complain about the bad location, the hotel is here mainly to accommodate the traveler that is attending conventions NOT for those that want convenience to downtown. There are the Park and Regency Hyatt's for that.The room is actually quite nice. Double sinks and nice beds. But here's my first gripe, while some may love the beds, for me, they are incredibly too soft! There's a pillow top and I get up in the morning with a back ache. Not sure if they have other types of bed. My wife is sleeping on the ground for the past few days. (I don't think it's because of me! LOL!)Second gripe is that the concierge staff is pretty useless. They're okay for simple things but they are definitely not up to snuff for really complicated things. Third gripe and a major one to me, the shuttle runs once an hour. That's fine, they'll stop at the Museum Campus (GREAT MUSEUMS! Get the City Pass and you're set for several days worth of entertainment!), Navy Pier and WaterTower. But here's the glitch, they don't pick up! What's up with that? How much of a hassle is it to stop on the way out to pick folks up? Geez! Such a small thing that can make the stay here much more pleasant. To me, it's almost illogical to offer the pick up. Oh well...Fourth gripe, the wait help in the restaurant Shor is terrible. We ate at the breakfast buffet for three days and every single day we had to rely on the assistants to serve us. And the only time we'd see the waiter is when the bill came! How's that??? Decided to give the tip directly to the assistant than leave anything with the bill.Here's the good stuff:House cleaning folks are very nice. Bring them a little something from your hometown and they'll great care of you. I think that means more to them than the standard tip (but don't forget that too!)Front desk is fairly efficient and cordial.Rooms are clean and fairly nice.Only costs about $10-$12 to town for a cab.Check out how much you'll be paying for a shuttle, the cab may be cheaper from Midway at least.In conclusion, for the price one pays for this hotel, there may be better deals to be had but if you're coming for a conference, it's kinda hard to beat the convenience of being right here.	
Nov 6 2007 	Good Business Hotel But Difficult to Get Downtown	The lobby areas are all very nice and the hotel staff is well trained, just like most other Hyatt properties. It seems like the hotel was a conversion from an old Holiday Inn because the ceilings on the guest room floors are low and the hallways look dated. The guest rooms were average and somewhat on the small side. This is very picky, but I didn't like the fact that there was no closet door but instead a curtain over the closet.The bar and restaurants had been remodeled since the last time I had stayed here. The bar is very nice and has a great drink selection.My biggest gripe with the hotel is its location because it is so far away from anything and somewhat difficult to get downtown.	
Nov 4 2007 	Nice hotel- not the best location	My husband I stayed here for three nights for a weekend getaway to Chicago. The hotel was very nice. Our room was clean, and updated- with a beautiful view of the city. My only complaint is the location.... we wished we had been closer to the heart of downtown- where the restaurants and shops are.	
Sep 27 2007 	Ok Hotel for business travel	I stayed here for 3 nights in September due to a conference in the hotel. My hotel rate was neogtiated for the conference - so I'm not sure how much a regular person would pay. I took a taxi from midway airport for about $25 (it was cheaper than the shuttles) and it took about 20 minutes.The hotel is connected to the conference center which is a nice feature if that is your purpose - if you are a tourist - i wouldn't pick this hotel due to its location. There were no restuarants/shopping/activities near by at all - a taxi or car would be required should you want to do anything.The hotel rooms were a nice size and looked like they had been updated recently. The bed was very comfortable. My view was of the conference center - nothing exciting. Try to get a waterfront room. Internet cost is $9.95 per day - it would be nice to have wireless in the rooms and since the rooms are expensive - it would be nice to have internet included in the price instead of as an extra charge.The walls between the room and hallway are quite thin. Every night I could here other guests go into their rooms. This was especially annoying after the Bears game Sunday night. Guests were quite loud after midnight, which woke me up.I ate in the restaurants twice - the food was good, but typical expensive hotel food. The conference food was fine too. The coffee shop is expensive. A bottle of water costs $3 for 1 pint. Go to the vending machines near your room - $1.50 for 24 oz. - much better deal. I don't know how much coffee was since I don't drink it. Overall, my experience was fine, but if you are a tourist - try to pick something more centrally located.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great view	We were at a conference in the adjacent McCormick Place (Which is absolutely huge, so budget time to get from your room to the conference, which maybe be literally 3-4 indoors blocks away)The room we got was on the 31st floor facing north towards downtown. We had Chicago at our doorstep, and the view is really worth it. It is kinda far to walk (a couple miles), but we did actually walk, via Soldier Field waterfront, to downtown and onto the Miracle Mile. The cab back was $10.The room was nice, and the bed comfy. No complaints about the size or furniture. the walls and doors do seem a tad thin so several nights we heard a lot of noise from outside. Wired internet is $10, as is the norm in many a Hyatt or other high end places. (How come the cheap places has free internet???)My main complaint is the public spaces in the lobby are so small, and when you are getting out of a conference with hundreds of other people, the lobby and elevator bay is crowded. The lines for elevators can be real long. The food is very pricey, and eateries minimal. We did room service and enjoyed the food (pricey but not much worse than at a table)They do not have a shuttle to Midway airport, so we had to pay a third party shuttle.If i was going back to Chicago for pleasure i might pick a closer in hotel to downtown, but this was very serviceble.	
Sep 2 2007 	The Good the Bad not much Ugly...	In town for conference. First, great facilities for having meetings, well laid out and easy to get to. No complaints there.The Room: You have to pay extra for the City View but it was worth it! Saw the Navy Pier and the fireworks, watched the Bears Game at Soldier Field on the stadium Jumbo-tron, great night views of the skyline.!No frig in room and I cannot believe they charge for Internet access! $10.00 per day! The beds were soft and very comfortable and the rooms are &quot;surface clean&quot; ( just don't drop anything behind the bed YIKES!). Quiet and relaxing otherwise.The Food: Bring Fort Knox reserves with you if you eat here. Very pricey and not so great. My steak was tough and charred on one side and the other menu items I ordered were mediocre at best. The front desk will give the menus of restaurants that deliver and they are worth the $2.85 delivery charge. Guidanno's (sp?) and a Chinese place nearby are very tasty and the delivery was fast. There is a Starbuck's there and a small bag of Chex mix is $4.50.Transportation: The hotel has a shuttle that will take you to the Navy Pier, the Watertower Area and downtown but won't bring you back. Cabs ranged from $10.00 to $15.00. Too far away to walk anywhere. Next time I will stay downtown.Recreation: Went to Shedd Aquarium. Buy your tickets online and avoid the HUGE lines of people w/o tickets. Very nice and well worth the price. So was the Field Musuem. The Navy Pier was fun and be sure to take a spin in the Ferris Wheel. All in all, a good hotel just hindered by its unfortunate location,overpriced, unfortunate food. Great for conferences though.	
Aug 26 2007 	Easy access to Lake Front !	We booked our 4 night stay here for a conference next door. As it became close to our arrival I was nervous after reading reviews that I would be unhappy. In particular because we were not close to town. What we discovered was much different.The room itself was great. The bed was enormously comfortable and we did not find noise to be a problem (we were on 9th foor). We asked James, one of the concierges where we could run and he gave us excellent directions to the Lake Front. Just down the street to the bridge on 18th street over the tracks and to the lake fron via Soldier's Field. We walked back from down town as well as enjoying several runs. The lake front is beautiful, felt very safe and had lots of &quot;people traffic.&quot; No scary &quot;bad neighborhoods.&quot;The main restaurant needs a major over haul, The people were freindly and service was great but the room was stark, hard and the lights too bright. The bar, on the other hand was very comforatble and well laid out. The prices for all food was very high but there is not a lot of choice yet in the area. We did happen on a Society Bistro a few blocks away that had the BEST coffee and muffins (for less than we paid for 2 coffees at the hotel). Near the museums. We were very happy with our stay - all personnel were friendly &amp; helpful .	
Aug 26 2007 	Very nice hotel. Go Bears :)	Stayed at the Hyatt last night to attend a Bears game and the proximity to Soldier Field is perfect (we walked there). The hotel itself was very nice and exactly what I expected. Our room and bed was comfortable (although they were unable to fulfill our request for a King bed and we ended up with 2 queens). Paid $100 on Hotwire for the room and it was quite nice for what we paid.	
Aug 19 2007 	Nice beds and bathrooms bad location	The hotel was beautiful, the beds were very comfortable, and the double sink was very nice. However, the walls were very thin and we got in trouble for being too loud. The only other bad thing is the location, so far away from where we wanted to go. The free shuttle service only takes you to a few locations, but it doesn't bring you back. And it only goes one time at every hour. Make sure you check your bill. I got charged for movies I didn't watch. I would recommend this hotel for business use but not for vacation with friends.	
Aug 8 2007 	Fine for a convention	I stayed at the Hyatt McCormick Place for two nights at a convention in August 2007. Paid $169 a night for the 'business plan' - I don't think it was worth the extra $20 for breakfast at the restaurant. The rooms are standard Hyatt, decent bed and sheets, but nothing fancy. No room safe and $10 a day for high speed internet. $24 a day for parking. The public areas were bright, airy, and clean and seemed to handle our group well. Not so for the one line coffee stand and the one restaurant for breakfast. There are no other options close to McCormick Place, so the food there is the only game in town, unless you want to drive or take a cab elsewhere. The guest floor hall on my floor was dirty and was not cleaned during my stay. All in all, fine for the purpose but I would not go back for any other reason.	
Jul 25 2007 	Ok Experience	I made the reservations through hotwire, at a rate of $129.00. (I learned later that I could have got it for $ 99 or lower on priceline.com) The rooms are comfortable, nothing fancy. I expected a little more from a Hyatt. I did request a room with a city view; instead my room faced the opposite direction with wonderful view of illinois. The staff informed the city view rooms have an additional fee. I was kind of disappointed about that. The hotel is located few minutes from downtown Chicago. If you plan to take cabs its about $10 each way. The hotel does offer complementary shuttle services every hour but it get filled quickly. I would spend a little more and get a hotel in the loop, youll save the money from your cab rides. You can also take the #3 bus right in front of the hotel. You can buy $5 day passes that you can use for both the buses and trains from the hotel concierge. Great location, if you plan to attend a conference at the McCormick Convention Center.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great Hotel - Acceptable location but not great for tourists	I booked this hotel through Hotwire just a few days before a last minute trip that I planned with friends. I typically prefer to use Priceline, however I was continually shut out even with what I considered high bids for Chicago. The price that I got the hotel for on Hotwire was a great deal all things considered.The hotel was nice, and the staff was helpful and friendly. The rooms were spacious and clean. I've stayed in hotels in Chiago before where the room was large enough for just the bed and a small path on either side. Our room here was definitely big enough for us.The only staff that I had to talk to after check-in was the house keeping staff. The in-room coffee makers are only for a single cup of coffee and this is all the coffee that is typically provided. Hearing the housekeeping staff in the hallway, I popped my head out and asked if we could have a few extra packets. She said no problem, and gave me a few. When she made up our room after we left, she provided extra packs for the next day as well.As many have noted, this hotel is a bit far south of 'downtown' to be easily walked. The hotel does provide a few shuttle for guests, however the two times that we tried to use it the signup sheet was full. There is the public bus, the #3, that goes directly in front of the hotel and takes you up Michigan Avenue to at least the river and gets you there in about 10 minutes. On our first day in Chicago we purchased CTA transit cards so that we could use the El (train/subway) and these work on the buses as well.	
Jul 20 2007 	Love this Hyatt	I have to recommend this hotel as a choice for accommodations when visiting or simply getting away in Chicago. The rooms; while not extremely fancy are most comfortable and some of the room views, especially of the lake are gorgeous!The staff is very pleasant, and the service overall was exceptional. The rates are also reasonable for a hotel in Chicago, very close to downtown.Because I am a regular; once for my birthday, I had a card, cake and fruit basket waiting for me at check-in... it made my day!Try this hotel, I guarantee you'll like it!	
Jul 19 2007 	So-So	We were attending a wedding in the area so we booked this hotel due to a package with free parking. The hotel was ok, but I expected more. Things like strange long hairs in the tub, moldy shower curtains and lipstick on the sheet covers just turn you off and you do not expect them at the Hyatt level. The front end staff also seems to be very confused. The breakfast buffet was $15 and definitely not worth the money even in Chicago. The pool is very small and a big disappointment to the kids. Not sure I would ever stay there again.	
Jul 11 2007 	Would Stay Again	Just returned from a 3 night stay with kids. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We got a free upgrade simply by asking. Our view was fantastic with a view of Lake Michigan, the Magnificent Mile, and Navy Pier complete with fireworks seen from our room. It took some searching, but we also got complimentary free parking which was worth a lot over the 3 days... The money saved there was spent on cabs to our destinations. The shuttles run every hour, but space is limited. We used them twice during our stay, and if you want to be assured a seat, it's a good idea to sign up early in the day. We only ate breakfast at the hotel and it is pricey. But it's Chicago and everything is pricey. We would definately consider staying again. I was a little hesitant at first after reading some reviews, but everyone was very kind and seemed to be sincere in making our stay as pleasant as possible. And it was much appreciated!	
Jul 8 2007 	Good Choice If You Get a Deal on Rates	The rooms are cool and modern, the staff is friendly, the service is efficient and effective. I got the hotel for $109 per night on Hotwire and I feel I got a bit more than my money's worth. I loved the citris and lavender shampoos and soaps.The location is not the best for a tourist, unless you can navigate public transit. Here are my tips for getting to sites from this hotel:* Start off with the Chicago Transit Authority's website at [--]. * In the left margin on the home page is a link to a trip planner section. All you need to do is put in your starting and ending locations and it will map out a route. The trip times were accurate in my case. They also give walking directions to the station and from the station to your final destination with the routes. This was the best preparation I did for my trip.* Buy a CTA Visitor's Pass *I bought a 3 day visitor's pass for $12 at the train station at the O'Hare airport. I booked around town for my whole trip and only took two cabs, so I ended paying only $25 for all my transit for three days. * Get to know the #3 bus.*  It stops just outside the hotel (go out the door and left down King drive half a block) and runs along Michigan Avenue to where Chicago Avenue crosses. Busses come about every ten minutes on weekdays, every twenty on weekends. It is a half hour ride to Chicago where all the fabulous north Michigan Avenue Shopping is, a fifteen minute ride to the Roosevelt Avenue stop where you get off for the Shedd Aquarium and Field Museum or to walk two blocks to the red, orange, or green train lines; and about 17 minutes to get off at Jackson for the Art Institute of Chicago. The bus was pretty full each time I rode, so expect to do some standing.* Avoid the walk from the Hyatt to the Red Line *The walk from the Cermak/Chinatown stop on the red line took me fifteen minutes at a brisk pace. Kind of a long drag with luggage. I walked it once at midnight too and that was a bad choice. Nothing happened, but the route was pretty deserted, save a couple of panhandlers. The next night, I took a cab from the Roosevelt station, the stop right before the Cermak/Chinatown, on the red line ($5) and felt a lot better.* Pick Up a Train Map *The trains were great. The trip from O'Hare to the hotel took an hour and ten minutes of train time, the trip to Midway only twenty five minutes. Other than a twenty minute wait for the orange line train back to midway (my train just pulled out as I was coming up the steps), I never waited more than seven minutes for a train. I was able to get within four blocks of all of my destinations by train. I travelled alone and felt safe using the trains, even late at night.* Use the hotel's shuttle if it's on the hour *Since I had the transit pass, I only used the shuttle once when I just happened to be in the lobby on the hour. You sign in at the guest services desk, the shuttle runs 11:00 am to about 6:00 pm and stops at the museum campus, the Navy Pier, and the Water Tower (all stops on the bus #3 route). It doesn't pick up though, so it didn't do much for me.	
Jun 21 2007	Great service cool relaxing vibe.	We got this hotel for $122 a night through Hotwire. It would have been $109 if we had not added a Monday night to the reservation. Service was top notch and exceeded expectations even for a 4 star hotel. The hotel is done in a modern style but everything is warm and relaxing rather than sterile feeling. They have really cool relaxing modern jazz/new age background music in the public areas of the hotel. All of the staff was extremely accommodating and friendly. The desk staff was great. I could not find the concierge but someone from the staff saw me walk away, followed me and was very helpful in figuring out my destination. Others have commented on the location of the hotel. It is very far south of the action but honestly was not that bad of a location. The museums and waterfront are nearby. On the second day we were made aware that you could possibly get through the convention center to get over the train tracks and Lake Shore Drive to get to the lakefront and walk up to the museums. We did not check this for ourselves. There is also a second Starbucks in the convention center. The nearby neighborhood is in the process of being built up with high end townhouses to the north and west. South still looked a bit dicey. There is a coffee shop and convenience store in the lobby. They had a great array of breakfast items to go and Starbucks coffee. They do have espresso drinks and this was a big plus since I don't drink regular brewed and that is usually all you can get at most hotels. We had a room on the 18th floor with a great view of the lake, downtown and navy pier. Rooms are extremely nice but a bit small. The only cons were that the pool is meant more for laps than for kids using it. There is no hot tub either. The rooms could have made better use of the space by making the large closet and bench near the door go away and use some of that space to put chairs or a couch near the window to check out the view. If you have a north view room check out the old gothic building directly next to the hotel to the north. I think it is the old naval observatory building. It has some interesting architecture.	
Jun 8 2007 	Do consider this hotel in Chicago!	Since this hotel is right next to the McCormick Place Convention Center in Chicago, it is the ideal location for attending any meeting at the Center. When all the other delegates have to catch a bus in the monring, you will just walk 50m - luxury!Even if you are not attending a convention, this hotel is in my opinion quite a good choice for Chicago. The next door Convention Center has a Metra station underneath - so train to Chicago's downtown is simple and quick. The hotel itself has good facilities and is only 200m from the lake shore. Taxis into town cost little from here - and compared to some of the downtown Chicago hotels, the McCormick Place Hyatt is modern and well fitted out. I walked around the local area during the day and felt safe, but most of Chicago's attractions (museums, shops, architecture) are a short taxi ride away.	
May 10 2007	Nice Hotel Horrid Location	Good hotel if- and only if- you are going to a convention in McCormick Place. The hotel is located a long distance from any other attractions, except Solider Field. It is on the northern edge of one of the worst south Chicago neighborhoods. Don't walk any where. Drive or taxi, even if only a short distance.The hotel itself is clean and modern. The staff was adequate. Our room faced the lake and had a nice view of Navy Pier, which would have been good in the summer when they have the fireworks.Despite the hotels features, we will never stay here again because it is simply too far south of the restaurants and activities we want and the surrounding neighborhood is a disaster.The self-park garage was attached to the hotel and safe ($24 for 24 hours). The hotel offers breakfast, but most of the dishes are $12+ which is pricey for eggs and toast, even in Chicago.	
Apr 30 2007 	welcome to the'' Projects''	We have just returned from a weekend trip to Chicago and stayed at the Hyatt.In all honesty the hotel is fine .We had a King size city view room and other than the fact there was no fridge there was little to fault it.The problem lies in its location.If you are the type that gets in a taxi to take you and bring you back from places then the location does not matter in the least.A trip to downtown works out a liitle under $10 one way.The hotel website provides distances to the main attractions ---DO NOT BELIEVE THE INFORMATION.Walking to downtown is over 3 miles and you pass an area which is classified ''A PROJECT AREA'' so be on your guard!!!!!There is the No3 bus that stops outside the hotel and that takes you straight to the main downtown area where you can change buses for other destinations. If you are like us- after you have done the sightseeing bit and all you want to do is shower and go out for drinks and a bite to eat then this hotel won't be for you.You would be better off downtown and we regretted not choosing one in or near the magnificent mile.As a final note a cab to O'hare cost $43	
Apr 23 2007 	Great Hotel!	I booked this hotel through priceline.com, $130 a night for a room with two double beds. We were on the 31st floor with a great view of the lake and the city! We arrived by train around 9am on our check-in day, and were allowed to check in right away! The room was very clean, modern, and spacious. The window in the room was huge! The pool area was very nice, and when we swam, we were the only people in the pool area! The hotel has a lounge (M/X Lounge) which is a martini bar that serves some food also. The martinis were $10-$12 each, but they were very good - although, the &quot;Lava Lamp&quot; martini tasted a bit like cough syrup (just because of the ingredients, obviously, no fault of the bartender). The lounge seemed to be a bit under-staffed for a Saturday night, 2 servers working the entire room, so the wait time was long. Overall, the service was great, except the Guest Services desk seemed to be a little confused about their Shuttle (I was told by one person that it ran to the Science and Industry museum, and then told by another that it did not), If you get a great deal on the room this is a wonderful hotel to stay at, but if you pay full price, and expect to go downtown quite a bit, expect a $11-$15 cab ride each way. Overall, a very nice hotel, but a little out of the way if you plan to go downtown quite a bit.	
Mar 15 2007	Great hotel if not a little expensive	When arrived the bell boy was polite and took our bags, the valet drove our car away, he was also very friendly and professional. The hotel is large, modern, and spotless. The elevators were clean and very fast. We stayed on the 30th floor and had a great view, our room was pretty clean and well equipped. The air conditioner was quiet if not under powered. The restaurant listed on the website had been remodeled into 2 new ones. One of them had very weird combinations of food for low prices and the other had chicken breast for $15 in a really nice and modern atmosphere. We chose the second one and were surprised at how well the service was. Next to the expensive restaurant [shor or something like that] there was a large sitting area and 2 escalators that were very intimidating and fast. A bit loud and distracting the escalators were yet again, spotless. Throughout the hotel was this new age ish music playing....its cool for a while but can get annoying. The exercise center has top of the line equipment and complimentary water...the pool is smallish and warm. Overall the hotel was really nice and empty when I was there and the staff would be very nice...depending on how nice the tip was.	
Mar 2 2007	Nice hotel	We stayed at the Hyatt McCormick place for a trade show feb. 22-25 , 2007We were there early and were checked in by 9 am, the staff that helped us put us on the 31st floor facing the city, we had a comanding view of the Chicago Skyline , Navy Pier, Soldier Field, Shedd aquarium and the planitaraium. We were given vouchers for full breakfast at the in house restaurant &quot;shore&quot; which was excellent food with the endless glass of fresh squeezed OJ.....the restaurant is pricey so breakfast for two was at least 25.00 a day......Also ate at the adacent food place and food was casual but excellent, dinner at shore was excellent also....Room was typical for this type of hotel as far a size goes....small bathroom, separate sink area and nice linens on the beds...best part was the view.....IT was cold so we didn't go out to dinner while there and there were only two places to order take out that would deliver to the hotel , one chinese (passable but not great) and one pizza ( stuffed pizza was great.)....but other than than not many dining options on a cold snowy night unless you head to town in a 10 to 15 minute ride. The train runs through the McCormick Place and you could catch it into town also.....All in all the stay was good , staff was very helpfull and food at hotel was excellent,.It is connected to the convention center so we didn't have to go outside during the show days.....being from Hawaii and Feb. in Chicago.........that was a definate plus!	
Feb 20 2007 	Didn't get even close to what I paid for...	We recently stayed at the Hyatt McCormick through a Valentines Day package which was NOT all it was cracked up to be.First, the room reservation was messed up, we did NOT get the room I had booked.Second, we never received our chocolates at turndown as advertised. (upon speaking to the front desk clerk, we were assured they were going to be delivered, 2 hrs later and checkout time... NADA)Third, we never received our breakfast vouchers as advertised and when we went to the front desk, at first I was told we were not elligble? After speaking with the clerk further, we were issued the voucher however had all of 20 minutes left to get to the restaurant and eat as she said it was closing @ 10:30? And last but not least... the $24 a day parking was rather steep...All in all the room was ok, the curtain rod closet was rather cheap looking, and the bed was so so. (For a king bed it seemed small.) The restaurant was stuffy and pretentious, not to mention very expensive. (FYI: the restaurants on their website do not exist anymore, they have been replaced by a snobby, cold eurochic restaurant called &quot;Shor&quot;. The martini bar is non existant.All in all I don't think I would EVER go back to this particular location.	
Dec 8 2006 	Nice business trip hotel	Stayed at the Hyatt for a 3 day business trip. It is centrally located and is in close proximity to the lake. The fitness center was really nice but they wanted $20 to do a swim workout in the pool next door. The rooms are very nice and if you ask, they will give you one with a view. The food inthe lobby restaurants and bars are decent and reasonably priced for a city hotel. I will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 5 2006 	Ok for a business trip	This is not a tourist hotel. The Hyatt McCormack is off the beaten path and you cannot walk to any shops or restaurants from the. I was staying at the Hyatt for a 3-day convention which the hotel was suited perfectly for. Rooms were clean, service was good and the beds were comfortable. The reception offered automatic rooim key card kiosks for check-in which was really convenient. The health club is mediocre, not nearly as nice as other properties. The lounge/bar area is adequate with TVs for sports and basic pub food. Chicago is a wonderful destination - I would just recommend a more convenient location if you are going for a fun filled visit.	
Oct 26 2006 	mixed bag	Definitely a nice hotel with well appointed rooms, but unfortunately a few negatives. Stayed there for the Chicago Marathon and the location, as many others have noted, is not ideal for visiting downtown although great for events at McCormick Place or Soldiers Field. Our room was large and comfortable. We were disappointed to find there was no hot tub although the lap pool was nice. The locker room for the pool and fitness center had only one shower which was less than adequate for a huge hotel filled to capacity with runners. Front desk personnel were all nice and helpful, and the concierge was great at securing dinner reservations and providing bus and train info. Loved the kiosk in the lobby where you could print your airline boarding pass and check on the weather where you were going. The biggest drawback was the housekeeping staff. We had been out of our room since 6:30 am for the race and did not return until nearly 2 pm. The room had not yet been made up. We were exhausted and laid down for a nap after putting out the privacy notice. Shortly after the phone rang with housekeeping wanting to get in and clean the room. I did not appreciate being roused from sleep and ousted from my room. I did complain later, and the customer service rep was most apologetic and promised to notify the manager of this.	
Oct 11 2006	What a relaxing weekend	I am a travel agent and I just recently got a chance to get away on my own mini vacation; as they are very far and few in between. I stayed at the Hyatt McCormick. I picked this location because I wanted to make sure to avoid the hustle and bustle everyday during my stay. I wanted to be close to the action but not right in the middle of it. This was the perfect place. When I got there it was right off the highway so you couldn't miss it. The lobby was very nice. It has great neutrals and plush carpets and high polished decor. The staff was very courteous and very efficient. If there was a wait, they made sure to let you know that this was not a common occurrence. I stayed on a weekend so I expected a crowd at this convention hotel but was pleasantly surprised. Anyway, I had requested a room on a high floor (since I planned to spend most of my time sightseeing from my room) and was given a very nice room on the 30th floor. The rooms are clean (and I'm very, very particular about where I sleep). I love the way the room has the divider wall that separates the 2 sink vanity from the rest of the room. The beds and linens are plush and the room is very relaxing yet will accommodate the business traveler without a problem. To my surprise the bathroom was great! Normally you may see water stains or mildew or other signs of half cleaning but I didn't see any of that at this hotel. Breakfast was great as well. I ordered off the menu but my companion went to the buffet and got just as much as I did and probably even a better selection. The grounds were well manicured and there was always someone cleaning. (That's very big for me) I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 2 2006 	If Your company isn't paying Don't Stay	Stayed in the hotel for 3 nights. Arrived after Flight From JFK. Made reservation via there 1-800. Long line at reception, so used the self-check-in. was given room with an open plan bathroom, which looks cheap and tacky. Went back to reception, and got a room change. Next room was better, but had an adjoining door to a suite that had a conference taking place. Went back to reception (Again!) and got moved to a room which was like the first, with the open bathroom, but was quiet, so we put up with it. The Business center there has to win a prize for the most expensive ever. They Charge $1 a minute to use the computers, and to print a page $5 a page. If you want Color print, it's $8.When the reservation was made, I paid $20 a night extra, for 2 people, to have breakfast included. On getting to the hotel, I was given some coupons for Continental breakfast, which were Cereal and A piece of bread and tomato...Not good and not worth the $20. Yet, if you want to change to a hot breakfast, Forget the $20 value, the coupons will be worth $12 - $6 each. The hotel offers a Bus to take you into town, yet only takes you; youre on your own to get back.The Rate I was given was including tax, But on Checkout, they made me pay tax on top of the room rate. Not good service.Won't stay again.	
Sep 17 2006 	Hotel okay...Service Nay	For $300 a night I was expecting a little more. The hotel itself was alright enough however the service was less than it should have been. For example, room services stops at midnight and there is nothing within walking distance. Also, I had to call down for towels every day often it would take an hour or more, and additional calls for them to arrive. Also one day that i was there I came to the room about 4 p.m. to find housekeeping in my room watching T.V,. which I had turned off before leaving. She then had the nerve to act annoyed that we were in the room and very rudely asked us to move so that she could vacuum. Also, breakfast on one day took almost an hour to arrive at our table. The accomodations were clean however and the furniture was in good shape. No fitted sheets on the beds though.	
Aug 28 2006 	Almost perfect!	We stayed Hyatt Regency McCormick Place for two nights and didn't have any issues. The room was nice, the lobby was nice, the staff was helpful. The only complaint, and it's a minor one, was the bathroom: the counter was small which left little room for personal stuff, and there wasn't a vent so the room got quite steamy and humid when taking showers. But, of course, that didn't ruin the stay at all!As others have said, it is not downtown or really within walking distance of much. However, the #3 CTA Bus will take you right down Michigan and the Metra will take you the other way. We took a cab home from Rush St one night and it only cost $12. We had no problem getting anywhere! Overall I recommend the Hyatt McCormick.	
Aug 4 2006	Nice	Fine business hotel. Staff was helpful.	
Jun 10 2006	This Hyatt is @ McCormick Place so don't expect to be downtown if you stay here	So many reviews of this hotel fault it by its location, but excuse me but I thought you should at least know where your hotel is located before you book it! No it is not downtown so don't stay here if you want to be in the Loop. This hotel is within in walking distance of Soldier's Field, the Field Museum, the Shedd Aquarium and the Adler Planetarium. The hotel itself is clean, the rooms are in good shape, the staff was friendly and the food in the Networks restaurant was good at breakfast on the Sunday we ate there.I would stay there again.	
May 21 2006 	Would not intentionally stay here.	Several coworkers and myself were attending a conference at the McCormick Center and put up at the hotel by our agency.Upon entering the lobby it appears to be a beautiful hotel and checked in with an ease. I entered my room my smell senses were overpowered with some sort of carpet fresh fragrance. (I am sensitive to smells more so than most,)I called down to the lobby and they readily agreed to put me in a different room. The first room was on the 18th floor with a beautiful view. The second room was on the 21st floor with also great view. The second room smelled worse than the first. It had an overpowering smell of cigarette smoke as if the room next door was smoking and we were sharing the same air vent. It was not a nonsmoking floor.This time I went down to the lobby. (The staff was always extremely helpful during my stay. They never once acted agitated towards me.) Explained to the desk clerk and he said that he would put me in a room on the 8th floor as the floor had been recently remodeled. It worked, as the smells were neutral. :( Lost my view but I was happy!)Before I had left home I had read the reviews on this site. Once I had settled in the room I could see why the hotel received such poor reviews.My list. Mold in the shower and no fan in the bathroom, clumps of hair on the hair dryer, tooth paste looking salvia in the bottom of the water glass, (check those room glass it looks like they sometimes recycle them without washing them.), dusty, scuff marks on walls, opened window and cigarette ashes flew in the room, no safe, paper cups for the coffee, phones were old and dirty, in the last two rooms the carpet was ripped and had snags to trip over.But I was still happy with the room. I did phone the manager of house keeping and he came up to the room. I informed him of this site and pointed out the things mentioned above, as they are almost all fixable.He offered a bottle of wine and chocolates and I accepted.The next morning I got up and put the dirty glasses including the one with white stuff on the bottom on the edge of the counter to show they had been used. I came back to the room in the afternoon and to my surprise the maid had turned the glasses upside down and placed them back to be used again. There sat that toothpaste salvia glass. I called two maids into the room and the maid who had clean the room tried pulling the glass out of my had. Told her I wanted to keep it. Called the manager and left a phone message about the glass.Went for an hour conference in the afternoon and came back to the room. The maids had been in for the second time and had doused the bathroom with bleach. The whole room was overpowered with bleach smell and the glass was gone. I then asked to speak to the hotel manager and to be switched again because of the smell.The next room smelled fine and was about in the same shape as the last one. The fiscal was over. Had dinner one night at the restaurant and the food was good would recommend the lobster bisque. Ate at the breakfast buffet and this was mediocre. Fresh coffee and orange juice but you pay $4.00 and $5.00 a glass or cup.The location of the hotel is poor however; public transportation and the hotel provide economical means to get downtown. Not everyone is comfortable taking the bus though. We did use public transportation and it was user friendly but took a cab one late evening for a cost of about $12.00 plus tip. It is a $45.00 cab ride to the airport.Again the staff was all great. The conference center was excellent and user friendly.On a scale of 1 to 10 I would rate it a 5. I would stay there again if I were going to a conference but not for any other reason. It is not a good value for your money.	
Apr 9 2006 	Better than expected	Let me first say that I was not looking forward to staying at this hotel. Initially I wanted a place closer to downtown, but since my conference was at McCormick place I had little choice. Second, I generally despise conference hotels since thay are impersonal and just too big for the personal touches and attention. What a suprise to find that the Hyatt at McCormick place defied my expectations. First and foremost, the service was great. The staff, to a person, was pleasant, helpful and often went beyond the call of duty. I was able to get an upgrade to a suite and a late check-out for example. By the way, the suite which was on the 22nd floor was wonderful and had a phenomenal view of Lake Michigan and downtown. The only downside, as may people have commented in their reviews, is that the hotel is out of the way, and you end up paying a small fortune in cab fares to get around town. That being said, if you are on conference at McCormick place, this is the place to be.	
Apr 4 2006	Ok hotel not the best location.	We only stayed one night in December, so not too much to go on here. The hotel itself is nice. The rooms were comfortable and clean. The hotel staff was pleasant enough. There are two major factors however that will preclude me from ever staying at this hotel again. 1. While the hotel is perfect if you are planning on going to Soldier Field (which is why we stayed there) or to the Convention Center and not planning on going anywhere else, it's not very close to much of the action. You have to take a cab ride to get to any of the areas where there are things to do. It's about a $10 cab ride one way just to get to the Magnificent Mile (which is really the closest area). For the price and location, I would stay around/on the Magnificent Mile itself. 2. The restaurant in the hotel is a rip-off. We had breakfast there, ate the buffet, and the service and food was absolutely horrible. They never came to refill our coffee. The food was cold, almost inedible, and they had no selection. After we asked for our check, it took almost 15 minutes for our server to bring it to us. And all of this cost us over $40 for two people. We could have had a really luxurious breakfast elsewhere for that price. Horrible.	
Mar 25 2006	NOT impressed!!!!!	My husband and I are currently staying at the McCormick Hyatt for a conference. I am quite unhappy with this hotel and am VERY surprised it is a Hyatt! The pros would be that it is attached to the McCormick Convention Center which is obviously convenient for anyone attending a conference. Also, it was reasonably priced. The cons are as follows: - inconvenient location for anything other than the convention center. NOTHING is nearby. NO restaurants, shops, etc. You must taxi everywhere. During our three day stay here we will spend around $200 for taxi service just to get to the heart of the city's activities. - after returning to check-in to our requested room, which was not available when we first arrived,the bell hop did not offer to take our bags to our room. In fact he scoffed at the request and stated, &quot;Sure, but it's gonna be a long time&quot;. Surprising, as we thought that delivering bags to rooms is the job description of a bell hop. -rooms are average. We were on the 10th floor which would have had good views of the city, but the windows are extremely, extremely dirty so it was difficult to see much of anything through them. Small bathrooms. Several large, unsightly stains on the carpet in the hallways. Missing closet doors in the room. -no concierge available in the morning for helpful restaurant advice, and the gentlemen at the front desk was unhelpful and stated, &quot;There isn't someone at the concierge desk?&quot;I would not stay at the hotel again or recommend this hotel. It does not live up to the Hyatt name! -	
Feb 10 2006 	Great Experience at a Convention Center Hotel	Fantastic staff, wonderful service, great view of downtown, Lake Michigan and Soldier Field! As an exhibitor at a medical show in January, I had a Regency Suite for my 6-day stay. The suite was spacious and clean, although the furniture in the living/dining area was a little dated and worn.However, the bedroom was a nice size, comfortable betting and nice bathrooms. The staff was courteous and very helpful for my entire stay. Our company had a lot going on in the suite, which served as a meeting room and hospitality area as well, and the food was good and delivered timely. I was able to check in early and when checking out, the complex billing (split between two credit cards) was handled with ease.A special thanks to Jimmy in the package area, who went beyond the call of duty to retrieve a mis-shipped package. I ended up with over 15 packaged shipped to my attention at the hotel, and Jimmy was incredibly helpful in alerting me and allowing me to keep some of the boxes in the holding area.	
Jan 21 2006	Disappointed and Cheated	this would not have been a bad experience if this were a very inexpensive hotel, and if i did not have expectations based on other Hyatt hotels, but considering the price and the Hyatt reputation, I have to say, this was the worst hotel experience i have had in many years. i am actually going to stick with Westin from now on, for consistency alone, let alone quality and service.the service at the Hyatt was rude and unprofessional (barely literate, lazy high-school types), we got two cheap twin beds pushed together (we'd booked a confirmed King, full rate), the beds were uncomfortable and hard and very worn, the hotel (attached to the McCormick convention centre, where our conference of 30,000 was) had no clue where we should go for info about our conference. to top it all off, we'd asked to switch rooms to a king, and were told we could not, then or later. 4 hrs later, my friend checks in, gets a king bed with deluxe fittings, and she'd paid lesser rate and booked months after. NOT a good way to treat customers.	
Jan 20 2006	Better than Expected	My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt for an extended 1/14/06-1/17/06 weekend. The big negative for us was the club scene in the lobby on Saturday night. The scene was loud, chaotic and smokey. However, we expected that from researching previous posts on this site and there were many positives with the rest of the hotel. During check-in we had about a dozen couples ahead of us in line. This must happen often because there were at least six staff members at a long check-in counter assisting people. One staff member did nothing but direct the next person in line to the first available check-in staff memeber. We waited in line no more than 5-10 minutes. We were directed to check-in at the assistant manager's counter which is just to the left of the main check-in counter next to the concierge. I don't know if that made a difference in the room that was offered to us, but it may be worth requesting when you arrive. We asked for a quiet room in the west tower preferably with a view of the river. She said that would be a $15 upgrade charge. We said fine since we were able make our reservation using a $79/night promotion that was posted on the Forum section of this web site. She said that room was not available yet but there was a Jr. suite available on the 32nd floor of the east tower that we could have at no additional charge. It turned out to be a double room with wet bar and refrigerator. A very good deal for $79/night. We did not eat at the restaurant but found the lounges to be worthy of a drink before heading out on the town.Except for the club, it was an excellent experience. Just ask to be as far away as possible and you will be fine.	
Jan 3 2006	Great stay over new years 2005/2006	We are from Indianapolis Indiana, and decided to take a trip to Chicago for New Years Eve. We had a wonderful time. It didn't take long for us to check in, the rooms were nice and comfortable, the service was excellent, and the restaurant was great. This hotel is right off the interstate, easy to find, and in a great location. We had a great time, great service, and good food. The food was a little expensive, but it's Chicago. We had a blast. I should mention I am a travel agent and would recommend this hotel to any one of my clients.	
Dec 27 2005	Hyatt is Good to Me	I am currently staying in the Hyatt and the room I have on the 27 floor, overlooking the lake. The room is nice, service is good. Parking is expensive. Package Deal average of $88/night + airfare, good price (priceline). Location, not easily accessible to Michigan, not in walking distance. Overall, I would stay here again if the price is under 100.00/night.	
Dec 12 2005	Not impressed	I stayed in this hotel for one night due to a business meeting in this hotel. I figured that based on the name it would be a decent hotel. The staff at the front desk was great, and the guy helping me supposedly gave me a nicer room when I told him about the terrible taxi ride I'd just had. When I got off the elevator on my floor, the hallway was dirty with bottle caps and misc debris. The room I was about to enter had a 1/2 full glass of soda or something sitting outside of it which made me wonder if the maid had even cleaned the room. There happened to be a maid just down the hall and I asked her to please take the glass away. When I entered the room I immediately noticed the bedspread was messy and I could tell someone had sat down on the bed, probably to watch tv (while they were drinking the glass of whatever was outside the door). So I went back downstairs to the front desk and told the same guy what had happened. He felt really bad and upgraded me to an even nicer room, supposedly. That room was okay but the bathroom was very dated with a plastic, cheap trash can that I wouldn't even put in my own house. I guess I just expected nicer amenaties from such an expensive hotel. I will not stay at this hotel again given the choice.	
Nov 15 2005 	A nice stay in a Convention Centre Hotel	I stayed in the Hyatt with my husband for 3 nights last week. I was attending a Conference in the Hotel. We found the staff to be very efficient, friendly and polite.The room was clean and modern and we had a great view of the lake from our 30th floor room.We ate in the hotel 2 nights. The first night my main course was cold so they took it back and when it re-appeared it was still cold so I just abandoned it at that stage. Our waiter was very nice about it although it was a bit disappointing. The following night we ate in the bar and as a vegetarian they facilitated me with a lunch time dish of 'lentil chilli' - highly recommended. Ray the waiter was also really pleasant &amp; efficient.There was a little shop in the foyer that sold Starbucks coffee (a great treat for those of us from overseas) and their Danishes/pastries/Bagels were really fresh and delicious.My husband used the shuttle service into town to do his sightseeing and the found the driver to be really pleasant.We took a taxi into town one night for dinner and it worked out at about 10dollars each way, which was fine.We paid c.150dollars a night for the hotel and while this sounds more expensive than a lot of the deals other guests obtained, I felt it was a good price for the standard of the hotel. The hotel was also ideal for attending the Conference in the Convention centre and I would happily recommend this hotel if you are attending a Convention in McCormick Place.	
Oct 5 2005	Nice hotel great deal	I booked 2 rooms on the &quot;Game Day Special&quot; for 99/night. Yes, as other reviews stated, it was a little out of the way. Walking anywhere, other than the Lake through the hotel, was not an option. However, the free shuttle takes you up and down Michigan Ave and to Navy Pier. That, combined with the free trolley service, got us to Navy Pier, then from there to Sears Tower for free. We also cut down our cab ride to dinner that night by taking the shuttle to the water tower then a cab from there, which was 5 bucks. Of course, the service is only one way. But, we were hardly ever more than a $10 cab ride home, so overall, the location was fine. No matter where we would've stayed wouldn't have been next to EVERY place we wanted to go, so cabbing it was necessary no matter what.In terms of the rooms, they were really nice. Not the best I've ever stayed at, but the bed was GREAT. Pillowtop, with down comforter and pillows. The rooms were decorated modern and I really didn't have any complaints. The rest of the hotel was nice as well. The only negative thing I will say about it was the prices of drinks and breakfast. Drinks were 9 bucks each and the breakfast buffet was 16 or so and absolutely horrid. It had sub-par variety, but what they did have was so bad I couldn't handle paying that much. A breakfast at a gas station would've been better. I complained, and got one breakfast taken off, which in the end, was OK.All in all, this was a nice hotel for the price. Its close enough to be within a $10 cab ride home, the rooms were nice, and the price was right. I'll stay there again.	
Sep 28 2005	good food and service except for maid scary spiders	This hotel is OK for business customers who need to be at the Convention Center next door, but not for pleasure or children. We were on the 28th floor with a great view of the White Sox field and saw a good fireworks display both nights that they won. The problem with the view was that there were a half dozen big live spiders hanging out in front of the window, which was odd given that we were on the 28th floor! Of course, I was not about to open the window. You can open the windows, although there is a sign not to open the window. But I would not like to have any children with me who just might actually open it. The service was good except for maid service. We started out with 3 towels, 3 wash cloths and a bath mat. The next day we had 3 towels, 2 wash cloths and a bath mat. The last day we had 3 towels, 2 wash cloths and no bath mat. The other thing is that the bottom sheet is not fitted and kept coming off the bed. It was only tucked in at the top and sides and left about 2 feet of the bottom uncovered. So your feet were on the mattress pad or on the mattress itself. Very weird. There is a shuttle to downtown but the windows are painted over so you can barely see where you are going, and the shock absorbers are non existent so the ride is very jarring. Also, the shuttle will drop you off but not pick you back up, so you need to find your own way back to the hotel. Cabs in Chicago are easier to find than any city I have ever been in; so take cabs. Make sure you specify the Hyatt Regency &quot;at McCormick Place&quot; to the cab driver or you may end up at the wrong Hyatt.The restaurant was too cold for my 83 year old mother, so we usually had room service. The food was very good. There is smoking in the lounge which is only separated by the dining room by a partial wall. If you do not like smoke while eating, ask for a table away from the lounge.	
Aug 22 2005	Nice hotel not the best location	We stayed at this Hyatt last week for one night. Pros - Close to Midway Airport, friendly and helpful staff, nice room with great view of Chicago, didn't have to pay for parking which was big considering 99% of the hotels we checked out did charge quite a bit, decent price.Cons - although the room was really clean, I was not all happy to see spots on the comforter. Location - several miles south of where the action is but they do offer a complimentary shuttle (one way only) to get there. All in all, fine for what we needed.	
Aug 7 2005	Great Value	Booked this hotel through priceline (roughly $76 with all the taxes) this was way cheaper than booking off the hotel site. It is an upscale hotel that would be best for convention goers (located right next to McCormick Place.) But this was also very close for us as we were attending an event at Solidier Field and going to Shedd Aquarium.The hotel was very clean and the service was very good, the only complaint that we had was it was hard to reach the vallet via the phone in the room, but when you went downstairs they were very prompt. The room also had a good view of the city skyline and you could see the lake.	
Aug 1 2005	Just a tad too far	If only...if only the Hyatt was just closer to the downtown action...if only the front desk staff were as forthcoming with information on transportation, places to eat, or shortcuts to the lake as the janitorial staff...if only the shuttle started running a bit earlier and ran a bit longer...if only the pool was a real pool..the Hyatt would get a much higher rating. As they say, it's all in the details. Check-in was fast and simple, the room was comfortable, although the products used for cleaning left a hospital-like smell. I was a bit put off by the fact that our room only had 3 towels, despite the reservation being for four. I did appreciate the water conservation program in effect. The gym was a big plus and the walk to the lake front through the convention center was perfect for a solo walker venturing out before 6am. Room service was actually better than expected but the hotel cafe is not worth a visit. As whole my experience was okay, but if you have kids or if you want to be around the heart of Chicago this place is not for you. We got the room for less than $85. I wouldn't pay more for it than that...don't forget to add the $24 to $30 for daily parking.	
Jul 31 2005	Beautiful view great service	We stayed at this hotel, and we were very pleased with our visit. Our room was very clean, and everyone at the hotel was incredibly helpful and nice. The food in the restaurant was excellent. We had an amazing view from the 31st floor that overlooked both the city skyline and the lake. While the hotel is a little away from the sights downtown or by the lake, the lower price we paid for our room ($110) compared to a downtown hotel made up for this inconvenience. And since the hotel is attached to the convention center, you can walk across the pedestrian bridge and easily get to Lakeshore Drive. We ended up walking back from the aquarium to the hotel which was just a couple of miles, and on a nice day, isn't a bad walk. We will definitely stay at this hotel again.The only drawback is the price of parking, but we think the price of parking around any part of Chicago is outrageous! We paid $24 to park in the hotel garage and then took a cab or walked to the places we visited.	
Jul 25 2005	Terrible service!	The day we checked in to the hotel we waited in line and then walked up to the counter and stood there while the check in attendant was doing something with his computer. Then without looking up he grabs my credit card and types in my name into the computer. He hands me my room key and that was that. He never acknowledged us!When we walked in to our room we got situated and unpacked our suitcases and got a chance to relax.We rang down to housekeeping for additional towels and robes. The robes came with out any belts.There was no light bulb in the desk lamp.One of the bedside lamps was unplugged and we had to try to move the bed to get it plugged in.There was fresh bottled water on top of the TV console with no note on it stating there is a charge for it so we thought it was complementary and opened it up. The next anew bottle was placed in our room with a note on it. We spoke to the bell desk about the shuttle to the airport and we were told that the shuttle ran every  hour and was free. He specifically stated that we didnt need a reservation. When we got down to the lobby to check out and jump on the shuttle there was major confusion.The driver of the shuttle was trying to squeeze 10 elderly over sized adults into his van and was telling us that he had a group that made reservations.We had to get off that bus and take the next one. Our stay at the McCormick Place was a disappointment! We spoke to others on the shuttle bus drive to the airport and they had a terrible experience as well. I would not recommend this Hotel for any of our corporate meetings. The service was terrible! Outside of physically connected to the growing convention center the facility has nothing to offer. Access to any of the areas' attractions is cumbersome at best and could be dangerous for those that did not know the area at all.	
Jun 9 2005	Not too shabby	I stayed at the Hyatt over Memorial Weekend. The hotel was beautiful!! Check-in was pretty quick despite the large number of people checking in. The house keeping service was exceptional. I lost my purse within the first 15 minutes of being there. Of course I was frantic!! The housekeeping staff returned my purse...with everything in it. I was totally grateful to them. I thought the place was awesome. My only complaint is the location. It is not within walking distance of much. You have to take a shuttle, city bus, or taxi to get to the attractions. A bonus is that it is within walking distance of the lakefront which is gorgeous. It is close to the stadium and planetarium, but you have to do a little walking. I liked the hotel, but I would not stay there again simply because I like a hotel that is in the midst of everything. I love the hotel!! It is gorgeous and you couldn't ask for a better place. I highly recommend it to everyone except for the issue with location. Also parking is $24 for up to 24 hours and valet parking is $25. The city bus is 0.75-1.50, I can't quite remember.	
Jun 7 2005	Far away from the action but comfortable	We stayed here for a visit after getting the reservation through Priceline. Although you are south of the attractions , this hotel is doable with the bus stop #3 that stops right in front of the hotel. Just takes a while to get to the loop- 15 min drive and time to wait for the bus.The hotel has a shuttle on the hour but doesnt leave until 11 am. We were long gone by then. Drop off only service to navy pier and loop. The hotel was comfortable beds, spacious rooms and nice restaurant, great shower starbucks right in the hotel. Clean and new. There was some noise in the hall but security came right up and we didnt hear another thing the whole night.There are no metro stops within walking distance (the closest one is through a seedy questionable area)	
Feb 14 2005	Just what we were looking for	I'm not sure why so many people have issues with this property. We stayed two nights during a show at the convention center next door (very convenient) and we found this hotel to be just fine. Check in was easy and friendly. Bags arrived at room promptly. Valet service for car was fast every time we needed it. Room was nice (we had a corner) and had all the usual amenities. A family we traveled with got stuck in the elevator, and when they returned to their room that night they found wine, muffins, and an apology note. We were initially put in a room near an elevator--the next morning when I checked to see if we could switch to a different room, the response was yes and that was that. Very easy. Are the walls thin? Maybe, but that's often the case. Is the restaurant overpriced? Yes. Is the coffee shop overpriced? Yes. But that's typical of a big city hotel. No, there's not much around the property. It wouldn't be my first choice if I'm visiting the city to walk Michigan Avenue. But for an event at the convention center, it's just fine. 	
Feb 4 2005	Works for Me!	In a very recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Mccormick place I found the hotel to be very bright and full of natural light. Our room was found to be nearly perfect and the staff all around the hotel actually smiled...something I am not used to very often. Location is about ten minutes from the hot spots downtown and perfect for our show at the convention center. All around the hotel...I was pleased with our choice and would make this hotel first on my list anytime traveling to downtown chicago. Thanks Hyatt !	
Jan 14 2005	Stayed here before - but disappointed this time	I've stayed at this property before and had good comments. I can't say the same this time around. While the food and service are always very good, the housekeeping left much to be desired. I stayed a total of 8 days and had my sheets changed once. Yes, I complained mid-week. Nothing was done. Additionally, I was given one bar of soap to use between the bath and the sink for the entire week. This is not acceptable from a Hyatt. However, I must note that the staff in the Networks restaurant is outstanding. The host is very friendly and the wait staff did an excellent job. They are a 5-star group. Location is king for this property since it is connected to the McCormick Place. I would probably stay here again for this reason, but I will make sure that housekeeping does a better job next time around.	
Dec 30 2004	A pleasent stay!	After reading the reviews of the hotel I was very hesitaint about staying here. My son had a two day volleyball tournment at McCormick Place ( the hotel is attached to the convention center) and it just made sense to stay at the hotel. I was told that a special rate was available for the tournment but when I made the reservation thru Haytt I was not able to get it. I had to reserve the room at a AAA rate that was not bad.When we arrived I was pleasently suprised by the hotel. It had a nice lobby and the staff was very friendly and informend me that I received with my AAA rate a $15.00 day credit that could be used for meals. Our room was quite large and CLEAN and had one of the best views of the city that I have seen. We were on the 25th floor looking north up Michigan Ave. The bathroom was good size and the beds were not uncomfortable.I was actualy looking for something wrong and the only thing I could find was the light on the desk did not work.Waking up the next morning it was nice to be able to walk to the tournment without leaving the building.At the tournment I found out from some of the other people staying at the hotel that the special rate was available and I should have been able to get the rate when I booked the room. I was on my way to the front desk expecting a hard time. When I informend them of the situation they were very nice, apologized and made the changes to the rate. It was about $40.00 per night in savings.The second day of the tournment had the chance of running late. I asked if it was possible to get a late check out. Again it was no problem and extended my ckeck out time with a smile.I must say my stay was very nice.I do agree that the hotel is not very convient to the city. It is not walkable to restaurants or any of the citys attractions. You have to take a cab (about $10.00 downtown) or use your own car. The hotel was designed for the convention center and it seems to serve that purpose well.	
Dec 10 2004	this is a Hyatt??	Our company booked rooms for us while we worked at the convention.It took four tries to get me a room. First they &quot;lost&quot; my reservation, then I was sent to a parlor room, then to a smoked in, non smoking room, then on to a room next to a suite that was full of convention types, then finally to a quiet room in a corner of the hotel. The front desk staff tried to make up for it and sent up a complimentary cheese and fruit spread. The cheese and fruit were dried and stale. Nice try.The elevators? What a joke, we waited forever in line to get into the elevators. This hotel is a pit. Avoid it at all costs. The front desk staff is weak.The best thing about this hotel - the bellman and the concierge.I was also billed for $83.00 in additional costs after my checkoutand they cannot produce a receipt.Stay the the Palmer House.	
Dec 6 2004	Never again . . .	One of the worst hotels I've experienced, especially considering the price. The walls are paper thin and I could hear everything in the next room and hall, despite my request for a &quot;quiet&quot; room. The lobby is nice, but no effort was put into the guest rooms. Furniture is old and well worn. The bed didn't have a mattress pad and the comforter had visible stains. I will never stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 23 2004	$$$$ Guess I'm just a podunk from smalltown USA	Bring your wallet stuffed with bills! Accommodationswere fine but very cashy. Room rate(w/special discounted rate) and attached parking garage (sorry, no special hotel rate) ran about $230! Use the valet parking ($28/day) so you can get your car in and out to go downtown (they failed to tell us this, it cost us an extra $20)	
Nov 9 2004	Used and abused Hotel		
Jul 28 2004	Dirty noisy incompetent...Very disappointed!		
Jun 30 2004	Great view but out-of-the-way location...		
Jun 28 2004	worst hotel		
May 21 2004	Good if you have a conference otherwise stay closer to downtown		
May 17 2004	Nice Hotel Good Location for Conventions--otherwise a little far out		
Mar 31 2004	It is a nice hotel.		
Oct 13 2003	loved the view		
Jan 18 2003	Quiet		
Dec 15 2002	Problems in hotel restaurant		
Oct 24 2008 	Buen hotel para asistir a ferias		
Jun 26 2007 	Odio el hyatt		
