	Affordable 	I stayed at Allegro Chicago for 3 days during thanksgiving break. I booked the hotel through priceline very cheaply and was worried about the quality of the hotel because of it. Well, the worries disappeared as soon as I walked into the hotel. As we had a larger room for my family, it was spacious, clean, and modern looking. All hotel employees were very friendly and housekeeping ladies did a great job everyday!! I was very impressed by how they control the quality of the hotel with lower rates. I recommend this place for you who travel with family, a significant others, etc.	
	Great	The only minus for this hotel is they do not provide the free morning coffee at all the other Kimpton hotels. It was a great place to stay for the theater but our rate did say morning coffee.The robes were not in the room and it took a long time (hours) but other than that a great place. The concierge was excellent.	
	A different side of Chicago	Wanted to try a little different hotel from the mega hotels on Wacker and Michigan Avenue area, so via travelzoo, we found an excellent deal on a huge room at the Hotel Allegro. Super location in the Theatre district, the hotel is a boutique hotel and has an upscale &quot;neo&quot; urban feel. Funky decorations in the lobby, loud (too loud really) new techno-type music, fast paced feel and good service greet you at the door. The only reason I dinged the service at all was Restaurant 312 on the corner and connected to the hotel had bad service one day, but otherwise the bellmen, desk people, housekeepers and security were all great. Very trendy look in the lobby and seating areas, there is a complimentary wine service in the early evening and complimentary continental breakfast in the morning. The hotel also has a lot of older/historic charm and has recently undergone a large scare upgrade. Our room was the best however. A suite, great seating area with 60's style couches and light fixtures, an inroom bar, flat panel HD tv (didn't work great) and a table for sitting and one for office work. The bedroom was large with a Kind sized bed (very very comfy), high end pillows, sheets and mattresses, huge armoire and HD TV. Bedroom views were just of other buildings, so nothing special, but they did have great &quot;blackout&quot; blinds. The bath was awesome with a giant, two person whirlpool tub. All high end fixtures, funky flooring and decorating. Very different feel for sure. We had a great time with friends and would say this has fit in our top 5 Chicago hotels for sure. The only thing I would tell management is---turn down the crazy euro-tech muszak...I exepected to see Hans and Franz working out in the lobby or at least some skinny white guy dancing.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great place to stay	Just got back from staying at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago. We were in town to see Young Frankestein the musical. The Allegro is in a great location, right next to the Cadillac Palace theatre. Rooms were clean and hotel staff was very friendly. Would highly recommend the hotel	
Nov 15 2009 	NIce stay at the Hotel Allegro	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro over a long weekend a couple weeks back and thought overall that the hotel was very nice and worthy of its class and the reviews we had seen. We booked through PL and although the Allegro was not our first choice, we were very pleased.The hotel is right next to the Palace Theater and Chicago City Hall and has a number of services nearby and is just a short walk from State Street. It was very conveniently accessed from both the Kennedy Expressway and the L, which was two blocks away at Clark/Lake. Self-parking is about $35 a day in the ramps nearby ($49 valet), but you can save yourself a few bucks parking at Grant Park ($29) and walking the six blocks.The lobby and registration are upstairs one floor from the street, with plenty of valet and bell help at street level. Once checked in, we headed up to our room on the 8th floor, only to find out it was a double. After deciding against being Ozzie &amp; Harriet for the weekend, we went back down and were quickly changed to a king without any fuss.As other posts have mentioned, the rooms are a bit on the small side and a little more like what you might find in Europe. We thought our room was clean and that good use was made of what space was available so that we didn't feel cramped. We had two small closets to hang clothes and a three-drawer dresser. The bed was also very comfortable. Our room was on the northwestern corner of the building, which sits at the corner of Wells and Randolph. The western leg of the Loop L runs on Wells, but we really didn't have too much trouble with noise from that or the street below. My only possible complaint with the room was with the mini-bar refrigerator, which cycled almost constantly, after which there was a audible &quot;pop&quot; of the condenser.We didn't avail ourselves of any of the hotel amenities during this stay. The hotel bar looked like what you'd expect from a hotel bar, while the restaurant looked like it might possibly attract a non-hotel guest clientele.Overall, we were please with our stay and would stay at the Hotel Allegro again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great stay	Hotel Allegro was super nice. Every bit of it was clean. The lobby area was open and inviting. The staff was really friendly. I loved that they had their favorite movies on their name tags. The concierge helped us with booking a comedy show at Second City and explaining to us how to get there. There was also a wine reception at 5pm in the lobby with cheese and Wii. And I guess it's a pet friendly hotel cause there were bowls everywhere and pictures of dogs everywhere.The room was a good size, also really clean. Interesting wallpaper and nice carpets. iPod dock by the bed for an iPod. Bathroom was on the smaller side but still decent. Free Wifi in the room always a plus.Fitness center was a good size too and clean. 3 treadmills and some elipticals. Some weights too. TVs in the room as well.Location was good too. Close to transportation and also within walking distance from a lot. I would definitely recommend the hotel.The only problem we had was with the printer in the business center. We were only trying to print boarding passes but it wasn't working. I know they had known about the printer with the Mac but we were using the PC and it didn't work. I'm sure they'll fix it. And the restaurant hooked to the hotel never seemed to be open either but there are plenty of dining options.	
Nov 9 2009 	Had a great time and plan on going back	Everyone there was so helpful and nice. It was my absolute first time ever in Chicago and everyone there showed me where to go and how to get there. They told me where to stay away from. They let me know to eat and what to see. The room itself was a bit smaller than i expected but whatever, i only used it to sleep. The room was clean, the bathroom was fancy. The only thing i didn't like was that there was a wedding while i was staying and tons of people running around everywhere but no biggie. I plan on coming back.	
Nov 6 2009 	Best Holiday Ever	If I ever return to Chicago, then the Hotel Allegro is the Place I would like to stay.Very friendly &amp; efficent staff. Not a single complaint over the 10 nights of my stay.	
Nov 2 2009 	"Because you're worth it!"	We stayed at the Allegro Hotel 4 nights last October: well situated, nice and quiet rooms perfectly clean, expensive room service (but the food was good!), but good value overall. We recommend this hotel for people who are looking for a nice and good hotel downtown Chicago, not far from public transportation. The Allegro definitely has a special touch... worth experiencing!	
Nov 2 2009 	Nice location and funky-look hotel	The Allegro hotel is nicely located in the Theater District and you can easily walk to many attractions nearby. The service was friendly, the room was very clean, the beds were very comfy and since we had a suite, we could enjoy the jacuzzi in the bathroom. The decor is quite modern, it reminded me a bit of the W hotels. The only two things that I wish they had was a coffee/tea maker and a swimming pool.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great hotel and location	We loved this hotel. The location was great and the price was reasonable as well. Very easy access from the airport by train (do not pay $40 on a cab, take the train for $2.25). The staff at the hotel were so friendly and helpful. We arrived at 11:30 am and were able to check in (that never happens!). The concierge staff was awesome, so helpful and knowledgeable. Then there is the free wine and cheese happy hour every night from 5-6. A great way to rest from a long day of sight seeing and get ready for a fun night on the town. The rooms and bathrooms are very small but how much time do you really spend in there anyway. I also loved the Art Deco décor of the hotel. We loved Chicago and this hotel was part of the reason.	
Oct 29 2009 	Nicely Apointed Tiny Rooms High Price	Re-done in very Mod decore, which was not to my taste, but really doesn't matter in the overall reasons for liking a hotel. The beds and bedding were very comfortable, though we had doubles and the bed was so small my husbands feet hung over the end, and he had to sleep diagonal on it, which was funny. The rooms are TINY, the bathroom was TINY, if you are a large person, you won't like it. Had a really nice big TV. Stocked wet bar that was not as over-priced as some I've seen. No complimentary coffee in the morning. Free wine and beer in the Lobby at 5, which is different. Staff was exceptional, 5 star all the way. Good for business I suppose. Our rooms were comped, and I would not pay the going rate for this hotel. You can park across the street for $36 for 24 hours, or at the hotel for $44 or $50 if you valet.	
Oct 27 2009 	Appreciated the modern amenities	I was actually pleasantly surprised by this hotel. One of my traveling companions is a real Kimpton 'afficionado&quot; and insisted that during our stay in Chicago we stay at Kimpton Hotels. His favorite, the Hotel Monaco was prohibitively expensive for the first leg of our trip so we decided on the Allegro which was new to all of us. I arrived a day ahead of my traveling friends and checked into a room that was more spacious than I expected after reading these reviews. I mean it wasn't the Taj Mahal, but it was easy to move around for the most part, and the furniture was well placed. The check in clerk kindly let me know that there were two closets and the one with the hangers in it was behind a door that looked like a connecting room. With that advice, no closet problems.The bathroom is indeed pintsized, but that is mitigated by nice Aveda products, a good shower fixture with good pressure, and a cute little modern sink area. The bed was comfortable. My clock radio was an IPod dock which I really appreciate when traveling to recharge mine, and the desk provided a good and needed work space as I brought some office work to get done while waiting for my friends to arrive. The desk also had an outlet carousel which I appreciated for my laptop and phone charging. I joined the Kimpton &quot;In Touch&quot; loyalty program to gain free wireless internet access. Even the application process is kind of fun as you answer questions about your preferences and priorities when traveling.I didn't have much of a view-being surrounded on all sides by other tall office buildings, but it wasn't unpleasant.The decor was nice and modern. It was a comfortable place to sleep, work and relax between excursions. Even the minibar had a good wine to enjoy before bed.The hotel bar was very nice, the food and drinks good, reasonably priced and served by friendly professionals. Employees were courteous and helpful. Although it isn't in the center of the touristy part of the city, we found restaurants, bars, a breakfast cafe, shops and Starbucks within a few blocks' walk. They also have a wine hour in the late afternoon which is a nice touch.It is the opposite of the &quot;old money&quot; feel of the established, larger hotels such as the Intercontinental, Fairmont, etc, nor is it a cookie cutter business traveler's hotel. It seems designed for a younger clientele. I'm no spring chicken, but I felt very comfortable there. All my needs were met, and so for the price, it was a good choice for me. Although I didn't bring a pet along, I saw some pretty cute little doggie guests in the elevators. I'd recommend this hotel to my younger friends in particular.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Hotel	We have stayed here several times and have always found it to be clean with comfortable beds. We were given a choice of breakfast or free cocktails which we thought was a nice touch. Our room was small but adequate. Location was great, close to the L trains and also close to the train station as we always &quot;walk&quot; from Union Station.	
Oct 22 2009 	No place to hang your clothes!	I'm a fan of Kimpton hotels and this one, like others, has great style. This isn't one of their best, though. This is the first hotel room I've ever been in that didn't have anyplace to hang up my clothes - no closet, no wardrobe, no nothing. Which was definitely a bit of an issue as I was in town on business and had jackets and pants that needed a hanger. For that reason alone, I probably wouldn't stay here again on business. I would definitely recommend their Encore bar, though - great atmosphere and really good bar food!	
Oct 22 2009 	Claustrophobic with Paper Thin Walls	The website for this hotel was so gorgeous that my friends came expecting to be awed...instead what I got was probably the worst room in the entire hotel. It was the size of my college dorm room, the bathroom can be more or less described as an 'efficiency' and my view (way up high on the 10th floor)...brace yourself...was of a parking lot across the street. What made it worse was that it was 2 steps from the elevator so all I heard during the night were the dings of people going up and down.Which brings me up to my next point...I had 2 friends over to watch tv for a few hours before going out and management called my room 4 times to complain about the 'noise level'. At one point they said 'we are going to have to ask you to leave if this keeps up' ...not a great thing to say to a guest? especially when that guest has to listen to the elevator all night.In summary, this hotel should not be considered a 4 star. I've stayed at holiday inns that were much more quiet, considerate and BIGGER. Maybe they just like to yank my chain because I bought it off of priceline and maybe therefore DESERVED the worst possible room at this hotel but it wasn't even that cheap! at this price point, I would've been better off putting up an extra 50 to be pampered, not insulted.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good ol' Bismarck Hotel in Chicago	A true American Classic. Stayed here when it was the Bismarck (now the Hotel Allegro) a couple times back in the early-to-mid 1990's. It was like a travel back into time...1920's decor and rooms that made one feel like you were stepping out of a Fitzgerald novel. I love this place...wish it still had it's old name and vibe...oh! Capone was known to take up the Penthouse and hole himself up in there for many days at a stretch. :)	
Oct 8 2009 	Decent hotel if you know Chicago fairly well or if you're going to a show	The hotel is fine if you can get a deal for the room. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown right by the theater district. There's not much going on this part of town at night, so it's not the best place to be if you're not familiar with the city. If you want to do more tourist stuff - stay near the Magnificent Mile.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice hotel  first visit to Chicago	We had never been to Chicago and I researched hotels and since it was a busy week end finally found this one with rooms available. We were pleased with the room and the service here. The view was not good but that is a city. Also it was a pet hotel and that is fine but a barking dog was left next to us all one evening. I was getting ready to call the desk when the owners returned . I also told the front desk that there should be complimentary coffee in the lobby. Overall the hotel was fine and I liked that they did not up the prices for SAT night. Walking was fine to the shops and all but probably next visit will stay closer to downtown.	
Oct 8 2009 	funky!	Old charm of an antique/boutique hotel, with funky modern decor and updates. Fun!	
Oct 7 2009 	Hotel Allegro: nice location not ideal business hotel though	Pros: location, nice lobby set-up; wine tasting (did not participate though); comfortable beds; good television; nice fitness center.Cons: Bathroom size; sink set-up is awful for people who wash their hair in the sink; no coffee; no paper; alarm clock comes with no instructions and is complex--or just didn't work properly; thin walls; room service never got it right.	
Oct 3 2009 	Enjoy the best city with the best hotel!	This was our first visit to Chicago and we had no idea where the best location was to stay, whether it was better to be up by the gold coast, in the mag mile or downtown in the loop and there were so many hotels to choose from...but we think we found the best hotel in the best location! We stayed in Chicago for ten nights and the Hotel Allegro is perfectly positioned, everything is walkable - the magnificent mile, navy pier, gold coast beach &amp; the &quot;bean&quot; are all a short walk away.The hotel has a modern boutique feel to it, from the moment of check-in the staff are very helpful and nice, we never waited more than a few seconds for a lift to our room and the rooms though a little small are perfectly fine for a couple sharing (Chicago has so much to offer you won't be in your room that much anyway!) The decour of the room is very trendy and the huge flat screen TV is a definite plus!A special mention has to be given to the conceirge, Mark can help you with anything and constantly provided us with great places to eat &amp; drink that suited our taste's and interests - he certainly improved what was already a great holiday.We loved Chicago &amp; Hotel Allegro - if we ever come back to Chicago again, we will make sure to stay at the Allegro again. Thank you.	
Sep 28 2009 	Hotel Allegro-tops in service!	I am a fan of Kimpton Hotels, however I have never experienced top service as I did at the Hotel Allegro. Even before my visit, concierge Mark Kraemer advised us on things to see, and booked tickets in advance to Second City. We were welcomed warmly on arrival, and the bellman checked up on us as we came and went from the hotel. All the staff have a personal interest in making your stay a great experience. The hotel is next to City Hall, where I had some business. We had a large quiet room, and used room service-the meal came quickly, and included a a bonus fruit cup.Enjoyed the pasta night (20 dollars for a three course meal) at the 312 restaurant-the starter and the dessert were wonderful, the main pasta a bit too salty. And that is the only complaint I can make-from start to finish, if you want attentive service, this is the place to be. Thank you, Hotel Allegro, for a great stay. I can't wait to return.	
Sep 23 2009 	Cozy size room but comfortable	The room really is small, and felt almost claustrophobic in the bathroom, there is a work desk which is nice, and the TV is great size, even though they didn't have HBO or a channel guide anywhere to be found.But we shared the same sentiments as many on here, the hotel is obviously a older building but it has been nicely renovated and has a nice sheek modern feel. The lobby is on the second floor of the building which was a new one for us, but the lobby was great. We were there over a weekend where weddings seemed to be going on all the time, but they were relatively under control and non-intrusive and not too loud. Upon check-in the front desk let me know about the weddings and put me on a higher floor so it wouldn't bother us during our stay, which was much appreciated.Free Wine and social hour from 5-6 every day was a really nice touch. And the staff was great, all we could ask for.For the rate we payed for a great location in Chicago it was perfect.We were fortunate enough to not have a car, as I really see no where in the whole city of Chicago where you could park for	
Sep 19 2009 	small rooms but comfortable. trendy look	I traveled into Chicago with a colleague for a conference. We stayed five nights. The hotel has a very trendy look. The room was small (especially compared to other hotels I've stayed at in downtown Chicago) but very comfortable. No free continental breakfast (there were pastries and coffee available downstairs for a fee, or for those with vouchers). There was free wi-fi access and an enormous flat-screen TV. The fitness center was small and quickly became packed, especially in the early AM. It was fairly noisy at night on the weekends, but better on the weekdays. I would recommend this for those traveling to sightsee, but not as much for business travelers.	
Sep 17 2009 	Funky fun nice change of pace	Spent two nights with my spouse mid-week. $100/night off Internet special. Typical small downtown hotel room, it had been recently remodeled and was higher tech than most rooms I stay in. WiFi was solid, desk has a dozen plugs for charging everything, etc.We walked or took the train everywhere- it was great not having to worry about traffic of parking. Easy access to both Cubs and White Sox via the Red line.Yes, the decorating is offbeat, but if you want a generic Marriott stay in the suburbs. Kimpton Hotels are not for everyone. Would highly recommend.	
Sep 7 2009 	What was everybody complaining about??	I am a tripadvisor voyeur and rarely post but felt the need this time. I just returned today from Hotel Allegro and wanted to share the following tips.1.The hotel is old and has been nicely remodeled, the walls are thin (you hear everything) and yes the bathroom is small, but if you get the room for $83 dollars a night, so what?? We spent maybe 8 hrs a day in the room. I stayed in 1403, and my room was large, the bed was adequate, and the flat screen was large. I got the great rate from Travelzoo.com.2. The parking is horrible, no really it is.. They wanted $49 for valet and $45 for self parking. The city of Chicago has privatized all the parking structures and meters so don't waste time looking for a cheaper parking garage. My relative who lives in the city told me to park at Union Station, which was $10 for 24hrs on the weekend, and $20 other times. The first night we took a cab to the hotel and it was $6, and the other nights we walked, it's really not far, maybe 5 blocks. So, either, way it's way cheaper and was worth it for me to not pay more for parking then for the room. 3. Basically, a good value for the price and the location is great. I went shopping on State St and bought beautiful pieces at the Nordstrom's Rack, H&amp;M, and there are 2 Garretts on State.	
Sep 5 2009 	Hidden Gem!	Hotel looked exactly like it did in the pictures I saw before hand. Staff were so friendly.Location was fantastic for walking to most attractions throughout the city.There was also a wine hour every night between 5-6 with nibbles and a Wii to play which was great for mixing with other guests	
Aug 31 2009 	Star Attention Comfortable Hotel with Luxurious Amenities: 5STARS!!!	Reading all of the reviews of this hotel I was a bit mixed. I went in expecting the worst but came out thoroughly pleased and with every intention of staying with Kimpton hotels every chance I get. We are planning another trip back to Chicago in October and will be staying with them again then.The lowlight would definitely have been the rooms, they aren't huge. BUT, anyone going into a historic building expecting a large room, is expecting too much. Many of the downtown hotels are very old and smaller accomodations are expected. The best part is they made do with what they were given. The decor is very well done, and as a designer by trade I give it a very solid 5 stars. It has a very retro feel. The bed wasn't the greatest...if I were them I would definitely look into the mattress in room 1006. My side of the bed leaned to the left a great deal. It was still comfortable if I scooted toward the middle. The bedding was very soft and nice, smelled very clean. The room itself was positively spotless. Within literally seconds of turning the A/C on the room was incredibly comfortable and the Aveda toiletries were an excellent and classy touch. The lobby is absolutely fantastic and again very well done. The wine tasting was much more than I had expected. There were approx. 15 varieties and definitely excellent choices. The employees were pleasant, helpful, and went above and beyond the call of duty.I would recommend this hotel to all of my friends and family. Best of all, we got a rate off of Trip Advisor via Expedia for $119 a night. The major downside is parking at $45 per night. My suggestion would be to park your car and use the public transportation. Regardless, this is not the hotel's issue. Parking is very high no matter where you go, and again...anyone complaining about it is just asking too much. It's a moot point. In a city this size these are your only options.	
Aug 18 2009 	A great place to relax after Lollapalooza	My boytfriend and I stayed here while we were in town for Lollapalooza &amp; sightseeing. I got a great rate through Expedia.ca, so I was very happy with the value of our room. The room was quite small, especially the bathroom and closet, but the bed is divine. Our room was very quiet and we were right by the elevator. The A/C was pretty noisy though. The concierge was very helpful, offering breakfast suggestions and shipping a package for me.Downsides? The business center charges for Internet usuage (minimum $8 for 15 minutes!) and printing, which I didn't appreciate. No shuttle from the airport but it was a short walk from an El station.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good hotel except for the breakfast	I stayed here for a work trip, with personal time before and after my business meetings. Good hotel, excellent value, good location, and Mark at the concierge's desk is worth his weight in gold.The only downside: the continental breakfast that was included with the room is useless. First, you can't serve yourself but there's only one person to serve the entire hotel so expect a wait if you happen to hit a busy period. Worse, I'm diabetic and there was not a single remotely healthy choice, not even a healthy (or any) cereal. Everything was sugar-loaded and/or carb-loaded. There was yogurt, and they charged me separately for that because apparently it isn't included with the continental breakfast.I did discuss the breakfast's lack of healthy options with the front desk. They thanked me and said it was good feedback which they'd pass along. Basically, a good hotel with nice staff, but until they make changes, plan on eating breakfast elsewhere (which is a bit of a pain).	
Aug 8 2009 	Very nice stay at Hotel Allegro	We stayed 2 nights - one because we were just coming into Chicago, the second because we were going to Lollapalooza. The hotel lobby is adorable - very trendy - very boutique. We had a little bit of a wait checking in, but it wasn't too bad. I had gotten a deal on the room through Travelzoo which the rate of $115 a night included valet parking - which normally is $45 a night! - so that was quite a savings. The room was adorable - very cute - liked the music theme (especially since we were in Chicago for music - the bed was very comfortable. I read a lot of reviews prior to going, and the rooms are smaller - but they aren't THAT small. The bathroom was smaller - but there was plenty of room for all my makeup, blowdrier, and hair products on their little counter top. I did have problem regulating the bath water though...but that could be user error. Over all, I would definately stay at Hotel Allegro again - but keep in mind there was just 2 of was traveling so there was plenty of room, and we had a king standard room. And check with Travelzoo - you might find a deal like we did.	
Aug 7 2009 	Superb hotel in downtown Chicago with easy access to everything!	The good: For the rate we got on the stay, we really didn't know what to expect--it was much more inexpensive than hotels in a lower class, and we've stayed in some real dumps with over-inflated prices in Chicago. This hotel, however, was a breath of fresh air! Check-in was easy and quick. The room was much larger than I had imagined (based on other reviews I'd seen), though the bathroom was a bit cramped for two. All the hotel employees we dealt with were courteous and always ready to help. When we came back to our room the first night, there was chocolate on the desk with a handwritten thank-you note from the general manager! The room was nice and quiet and the bed was quite comfortable with an abundance of pillows. There was a free wine reception every evening at 5 with many wines to try and a wonderful lobby/lounge where you could sit, relax, and enjoy. This hotel also has a very good Green/Eco policy. The hotel has easy access to the theater district (Next-door to the Cadillac Palace, and a 5 minute walk to the Ford Center), and there are about a dozen drug stores in a 4 block radius in case you need supplies or there's anything you've forgotten. Parking was a bit pricey, so we elected to self-park a few blocks away. No car is needed, as the hotel is a 5 minute walk from every El-Train line in the Loop. Chicago public transport is terrific and inexpensive, especially if you buy the $14 3 day unlimited ride pass. It takes perhaps 10 minutes to get to the Museum Campus via train/bus, about 10 minutes walking to get to Millennium Park and the Art Institute of Chicago. About 10 minutes to get to the North Michigan Ave Magnificent Mile District via train. 20 Minutes to Wrigley Field via train. The 312 restaurant attached to the hotel served up an excellent weekend brunch, and there are a variety restaurants.Everything I experienced at the hotel was terrific. I loved it.The bad: My parents and Aunt had some difficulty acquiring a roll-away because of a large wedding party staying in the hotel. Parking is expensive, but it is all over downtown. We found parking in the Millennium Park garage for less than half the price, and took a cab to the hotel from there for significant savings. If you're coming back to the hotel late at night on weekends, the neighborhood is eerily deserted and super-quiet due to most of the real-estate being office buildings that are empty.I LOVED this hotel, and will definitely stay there next time I head to Chicago	
Aug 4 2009 	Clean comfortable room	We're still at the Hotel Allegro, and are enjoying the room very much. It's nice to come back at night after a long day to a clean room with a comfortable bed. We've stayed at another Kimpton Hotel in Boston, which has a similar feel to this one.I would definitely recommend this hotel to any single or double occupancy travelers. The room we stayed in would not be comfortable for more than two people, although I don't know if the hotel has any bigger rooms that could accommodate a family.	
Aug 4 2009 	decent	The hotel has its pros and cons. The staff was very nice and knowledgeable. The biggest con was that there was no free coffee in the room or the hotel itself. The price of a small coffee was 2.29 and it was cheaper to go across the street to dunkin donuts to get coffee. The rooms are small but nice. The tiny bathroom has one mirror and that is difficult for 2 females to put on makeup, to do hair, etc. There is another mirror but it is covered in some sort of antique substance that is attractive but you can barely see yourself . There is also only one space for outlets besides the one in the bathroom. The location is decent and in walking distance to a lot of areas. The wine tasting is great and the decor is very nice. The beds are the best I have slept on in a hotel room before.	
Aug 3 2009 	nice but disappointed	Went for a weekend to Chicago with my family. Note my kids are 6 and 13. I was disappointed in this trip. What we liked:Nice staff, typical KimptonNicely decoratedNice lobbyA couple blocks from Corner Bakery, where we had our breakfastsDisappointed:no free coffee in morning unless have special passHotel didn't provide kid's kit upon check in (they could see I had kids). I only got this when I realized I was supposed to get this closer to check out. We could have really used that stuff in the beginning. Room too smallI specifically requested room that did NOT allow for pets as people in my family have dog allergies and was given room for pets so we had to moveThey have wine reception from 5-6 and icecream in middle of afternoon- times we would not be there- why not at least give a free cup of coffee??This hotel is great for romantic getaway vs. for family. Kimpton disappointed me by not providing some things they had promised in advance (e.g, floor without pets, kid's welcome kit). Also, room size minimal. Finally parking was &quot;discounted&quot; at $44 a day- too high	
Jul 31 2009 	Comfortable nice stay	I stayed at the Allegro in July for 4 nights for a business trip. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was great. I had read reviews that said the bathrooms were tiny, but ours was perfectly fine, with funky, fun doors. The decor is a lot of fun. We were on the 15th floor and there was absolutely no street noise. The front desk staff was very friendly, and before we even made it to the desk, a lovely man took our bags and brought them up to our room within moments of our arrival. We were within walking distance to all the theaters and even walked one night all the way to Navy Pier. For people who were upset about no free coffee - there's a Dunkin Donuts about a block away. I definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jul 30 2009 	Chicago hotel that was perfect!	Hotel Allegro is wonderful - great rooms, chic and upbeat, hotel staff is gracious and welcoming. We spent two nights and had one King room and one Queen room. Both were spacious and had Wi-Fi free Internet hook-ups. The King room was close to the EL but we weren't kept awake at night.The staff and bellhops are extraordinare and the concierge was quite helpful.The rooms are very clean and modern. This hotel has undergone a renovation to the tune of millions of dollars and it is a place where anybody would want to stay.	
Jul 29 2009 	An excellent choice!	Hotel Allegro was wonderful. Right in the loop, walking distance to all necessary El lines. 5 minute walk from either the Orange Line (Midway) or Blue Line (O'Hare). 10 minutes to the Red Line. The neighborhood is very quiet at night though - be warned. Almost all shops and restaurants are closed, so don't arrive late expecting to be able to grab a bite in the area. I have to comment though that I felt very safe in the area when returning to the hotel at night. Great service from front desk staff and concierge. Room service staff was friendly and efficient too. Rooms were tiny but beautifully decorated. The complaints from others about the room size - do you go to Chicago to stay in your hotel? As long as it is clean who really cares how big the room is. Free WIFI if you sign up for the Kimpton frequent rewards program (sign up before you arrive), and you can even log in and print boarding passes from the business center at no charge.	
Jul 28 2009 	Relaxed and comfortable	We stayed here for almost 3 weeks and had a great time. The hotel is clean, relaxed and comfortable. Also, excellent value for money with the special rate we paid. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room/bathroom was good, would be nice if the room had coffee-making facilities though. Great location - very close to subway/el. Would love to stay again!	
Jul 25 2009 	Great location cramped room	Right in the heart of the Loop, this hotel served me well during a recent convention. I did find the room cramped, having had to shift things around just to fit everything into the storage space. But the furnishings and cleanliness were top notch and service was friendly enough. The high speed internet worked fine. If I'd been in Chicago on local government business the location would have been ideal--less than two blocks from the government center. The price was high for me, maybe not for downtown Chicago.	
Jul 20 2009 	Disappointment from Kimpton	The location of this hotel is great. Easy to walk to restaurants, theaters, shopping. The decor is charming, as are all of the Kimpton Hotels. However, this one seems to be short of employees. I stay at Kimpton hotels and normally get an upgrade if available. I had asked for two beds when I made the reservation online, but at check in none were available. I called the hotel directly after making online reservations to confirm my request directly, and all we could get was one King bed with barely enough room to walk around. The closet was broom sized. Room was tiny, smaller than NYC rooms. There were two small bath towels, we left money and a note for the turn down person requesting two fresh towels, and we did not get them. They do not offer free coffee in the room, or in the lobby. They had one person behind a counter running the continental breakfast bar. We had a voucher, but still had to wait a long time for her to take care everyone ahead of us. It would have been faster to walk to a Starbucks. They also do not have Chicago Tribunes for free or for sale. I even asked the manager. We decided to spend Saturday enjoying Chicago, and we could not get a paper to find out what was going on. Great price, but would prefer to stay at Hotel Burnham the next time. Close by, but much nicer rooms.	
Jul 18 2009 	Very good facility attitude and published amenities lacking	Nicely furnished and laid out (at least the higher priced room). Attitude from registration and checkout personnel not only decidedly lacking but in fact negative.. Published provision of complimentary morning beverages was deliberately withdrawn and replaced with a fee-charge service. (We were told that the publication could not be withdrawn because this hotel had gone 'green' and had to use up its' supply therof (redlining evidently wasn't considered an option.). Not only was there not a continental breakfast offered with this $200 room, this hotel won't even give you a simple morning coffee?Not what we expected from a Kimpton hotel and certainly way below the Kimpton we stayed at in San Francisco.	
Jul 16 2009 	Funky and nice but rooms a little small	We stayed at the Allegro over the July 4th weekend (4th - 6th). The location was great, and we got a great deal with parking included! Overall the experience was good and the hotel clean and very nice (beds very comfy as well). Although the elevators were very slow (we stayed on the 19th floor).However, we had some questionable service however when we were there - started with the parking situation where we were told that valet was included and that we should move our car from self part to valet. That was a good suggestion but they neglected to give us the parking pass to get out of the self park (were told by front desk that b/c we just parked we didn't need it) which meant having to run back and forth a few times from the hotel to the self park (which aren't connected) to get everything ironed out. A little frustrated but were told that it was the guy's first week. We arrived early and there were no rooms available so we left our luggage at the front desk (which is fine).... however when we did check in, they said that they'd send the bags to the room but 3 hours later they still weren't there. Called down to front desk and they showed up after... but was told that the front desk wrote the wrong room number on the tags and our stuff was almost given to someone else. Asides from those mishaps however, the consierge was very helpful and the stay overall very good. They even helped us print out something when we checked out. Next time we want to stay closer to the Mag Mile however. Enjoyed Chicago a lot and would go back.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great hotel for attending the theater.	My 8 year old daughter and I stayed here on a weeknight and attended Mary Poppins which was right next door at the Cadillac Theater. It could not have been more convenient. The room and bath were very clean although small and the decor was a bit funky, but nice. The beds were very comfortable. The staff was very courteous and the concierge helped us with our dinner plans. The hotel had a nice wine hour and WII games for the kids. I would stay here again especially if attending the theater.	
Jul 6 2009 	Close to everything downtown	We booked the room with a very good 4th of July weekend rate and enjoyed Kimpton's usual good service and interesting hotel decor. We planned an active and closely scheduled weekend with visits to the &quot;Taste of Chicago&quot;, &quot;Blue Man Group&quot;, and activities on Navy Pier. All within short taxis rides of the Allegro. Only one hiccup in the planning was related to the stated hours of operation of the restaurant. Front desk and literature said 11pm closing, when actually it closed at 10pm. So we had room service, however our room not really large enough to enjoy the meal that arrive a hour after we ordered.Room was clean and comfortable. Staff attentive and efficient. We valeted the car and rode taxis to all destinations. Had a bit of a problem returning one night as many streets closed for 4th celebrations.Would return, especially at &quot;specials&quot; rate.	
Jul 2 2009 	Funky and Fun	I've stayed in a lot of Chicago hotels for various reasons, usually just for fun, as I live just north of town and enjoy going out in the city every now and again with friends or visitors from out of town. The Hotel Allegro is both funky and sort of sophisticated, with a hip decor of bright colors, deco architecture and furniture, and flashes of fun and whimsy. The rates are very reasonable for a better hotel downtown, and there is a free wine hour in the loungey lobby for guests. It's right in the theater district, just a few blocks from State Street shopping, Millennium Park, and the Art Institute -- great location. My room had kind of an odd shape, jogging over to the right after you opened the door, but it was quite comfortable and cheerfully decorated, with a cool mirrored desk that I admired. When I looked out the window to see the El tracks directly outside my window I figured I would not be getting much sleep that night, but the place has some good glazing on the windows, and the A/C blower helped to eliminate all traces of train and traffic noise outside.Hotel Allegro, in my view, is a good bargain for the price in Chicago, with a great location and a fun, modern style.	
Jul 1 2009	Outstanding Kimpton Hotel with Top Notch Management and Staff!!!	Manager Jeremy Baker and his team of professionals are to be commended! Everyone was so helpful. After reading the room reviews i was leery, but the Premium King was large! The sink was small, but so what! The room was wonderful! We ordered a pot of coffee in the morning from room service and within 10 minutes it arrived piping hot with extra cream as requested. The coffee had bold wonderful flavor!!! My hat is off to Jeremy and his staff!!! They definitely added the Kimpton Touch that we keep coming back for! I highly recommend the Allegro Hotel! By the way, the sangria at wine night was also fabulous! :-)	
Jun 25 2009	Very nice stay if visiting for theatre and museums	A very nice hotel with small but adequate rooms. The decor was lovely. My daughter and I spent 5-nights here, saw Wicked just down the street and used the public transportation to get all around town. Was a bit disappointed with the bar/restaurant which opened and closed it's kitchen at will without regard to posted hours. The room description boasted of safe's large enough to accomodate a laptop, so I brought mine. I was informed after check-in that the safes are not in every room (and not in mine). As a side note, I was surprised that nearly all the shops many restaurants closed at 6pm in that area... even the 7-11.	
Jun 19 2009 	Nothing Special	Stayed here for one night while on business. I checked in late around 11 pm and the check in process was smooth, except no one told me that there was a fitness center or that there my reservation entitled me to a free continental breakfast. On check out attempted to charge me for calling the front desk.The Room: Small room, but big flat screen TV, iPod docketing station. Bed average - nothing special. Bathroom very small, had no ventilation, no tissues needed touch up paint rust showing through (because no ventilation). Closet but no hangers so had to put my suit on the chair. Continental Breakfast: DO NOT pay extra for this. The lady servicing was polite. It includes one cup of coffee, one juice, one fruit (apple, banana or orange), and a muffin or bagel. My muffin was stale and had a bad refrigerator smell in it. They offer yogurt but you have to pay extra ($1.70). All I wanted was coffee and a yogurt, but was told that even if I didn't get the other stuff, I would still have to pay for the yogurt. I would not come back to this hotel even though the location was ideal.	
Jun 17 2009 	Needs a few adjustments	If you are going to be at the Merchandise Mart, this is ideal because it is only 3 blocks away.The good:They let me check in earlier5-6 PM wine tastingFairly modern exercise roomThe badMusic too loud in the lobbyThey adverise a complimentry continental breakfast, but depending on how you book it may not be available.	
Jun 1 2009	Clean comfortable quiet with great staff and locale	The new decor (tje room wallpaper, art, carpeting specifically) does not look quite the same as it does in the photos. It seems the designer was going for avant garde but the result is eccentric. However, that just made us chuckle. I definitely would stay here again. Our king room was similar in size to a European hotel room. (We're spoiled with space over here in the US!) It was clean, comfortable, and quiet. The bed and linens were all great, and I enjoyed the flat-screen during the little time spent in the room. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. The Allegro is right next door to a theatre and within walking distance of others. Also a few blocks from the Picasso and other art pieces. We took the blue line in from O'Hare. Buy a pass at the airport for the number of days you will be there. You can use it on the El and on the bus. There's a diner/steak place called Ronny's a block or two away that has decent food that won't break you. We had brunch on a Sunday and were served heaping portions, good cup o' joe. And for a great stuffed pizza, try Giordano's. It's about 7 blocks from the hotel. If you like jazz, check out Andy's--also within walking distance. My favorite thing this trip--even more than the Art Institute--was T-Rex Sue at the Field Museum. Go see her! And speaking of critters, I was surprised to see that this hotel allows pets! Lastly, we got a great package deal with AA through Expedia. I hope this hotel continues to offer great deals in the future with or without package.	
May 30 2009 	hip hotel right downtown	Me and 3 friends flew into Chicago to check out both baseball parks. Half of us flew into O'Hare and the other 2 from Midway. All of us had success taking the EL downtown and walked 3 blocks to find Hotel Allegro. A great safe area we were all pleasantly surprised because we had never been to Chicago and we landed late at night. When we spoke to the front desk we knew we were in the right place, &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; and &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; helped us out. Each member's name tag had their favorite movie under their name. Every worker was super friendly in helping us find the right way to our destinations and suggesting ones we never thought of. I can't guarantee that you will be so lucky, but we got a killer deal online for 2 double beds for $100 a night. Plus, we received a card for 2 free drinks and an appetizer downstairs at the lounge for every night of our stay. Location was great, right near the EL and walking distance to anything you would need to see in downtown.	
May 21 2009 	Perfect Boutique Hotel	If you're in Chicago and want to stay in The Loop, The Allegro Hotel is perfect for you. It's centrally located, stylish rooms and attentive staff. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was very pleased with everything. The bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows, large flat screen tv, radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean.Everyone that I came in contact with was very friendly and helpful. My last day there, I ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time, the kitchen called to see if everything was alright. I have never had that kind of follow up service. I've stayed at the Palomar in DC, another Kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too. I will definitely see if Kimpton has a hotel at my next destination.	
May 21 2009 	Falls apart in the details	This was our second time staying here. They redecorated the rooms since our previous stay...which we liked overall. The rooms were also very clean. However, the rooms are so small that it makes it very awkward for 2 adults to stay in. We also felt some basics were missing, such as a coffee maker in the room. We were told we could get coffee in the lobby, but when we did we were billed $6 for a small cup and a banana. The coffee also tasted about as good as what you would get at a gas station vending machine. The staff were somewhat friendly, but you never really felt welcomed. Also they stuck us with a room directly in front of the elevator, not off of, directly in front! This is a big problem since, unlike most hotels, the walls here at paper thin and you here everything. Perhaps the strangest annoyance was the constant noise from the pipes in the walls. You would here then shaking and water flowing through. Also we kept thinking we heard bass from an unknown source of music, but we concluded that was coming from the pipes too! We had to turn our fan on high just to drown it out! This could be a very good hotel if some of these details were addressed, since the location is great (a few blocks from millenium park).	
Apr 25 2009 	Practically Perfect in Every Way!	My husband and I stayed here for one night April 23, 2009. It was for my birthday. We had play tickets to see Mary Poppins. (hence the review title!) I LOVED this hotel! It is so DIFFERENT! VERY clean and neat. The lobby has amazing furniture and our room was WONDERFUL! I KNOW the rooms are small but we had a VERY comfy king bed and a big flat screen tv. The bathroom was so funny! The sink was so small you had to really aim when you were brushing your teeth! But the fixtures were fun! All silver and modern. The wallpaper was circles and it was just FUN! I would DEFINETLY stay here again. Besides it is RIGHT NEXT DOOR to the Cadillac Theatre. So after it was over we walked 20 steps to our hotel! We got a $149 rate with tax!	
Apr 19 2009 	Smallest Room that I have ever seen	If you don't mind stepping on your luggage and clothes every time you turn around, then by all means, Hotel Allegro is fine.	
Apr 13 2009 	One of Our Favorite Hotels	This is one of our favorite hotels. It’s got such great personality. The lobby is warm and inviting with lots of funky spaces to relax. As far as rooms go, we love the one bedroom jacuzzi suite complete with leopard and zebra robes and two flat screen TV’s. . The service is so friendly and the wine hour is a nice touch. We booked a special that included two drinks and an appetizer per night in the lounge. Delicious! We love the location – walking distance to the theater and to great shopping on State Street. Some of our favorite restaurants nearby include Siam Rice, De Cero taco bar, and the Walnut Room in Macy’s. We can’t wait to return!	
Mar 9 2009 	I Liked It	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in October 2008. We visit Chicago four times a year (my favorite city). We always stay downtown because of shopping, restaurants, and site-seeing.We booked a weekend where there was a large convention along with a concert in Chicago. We had difficulty booking a hotel during this weekend. We knew that we wanted to stay in the Loop and our preference was to stay at Hotel Monaco or the other Kimpton hotel due to the proximity of State Street shopping and the Chicago theatre.We were fortunate to get the Hotel Allegro on one of the discount sites and booked immediately.First Impressions - Due to web surfing, we learned that we should park in the hotel parking lot across from the hotel. We did this. $20 a day is PERFECT. Ha! More on this later!We love boutique hotels and we were not surprised at the beauty of Hotel Allegro. It really is a beautiful hotel. I love the colors and the dark woods of the decor.Check in was fast and efficient. The front desk attendant was fun. He gave a few hints and pointers about night life and such.The room...Wow. It was tiny. It took us five minutes to figure out where the bathroom was. We thought the door to the bathroom was a closet door. The bathroom was so tiny that my boyfriend joked that if he could wash his hands in the sink while taking a shower. OK. He said something else, but you get the picture.The room was clean and the television was nice. The linens were clean and the bedding didn't look rancid. It was a nice room for the weekend. I have never stayed in such a small room.We did go to the evening happy hour/wine tasting. It was fun to mingle with the other guests.All in all, we would stay here again. It was relatively inexpensive. The location was pretty good. The surroundings were ok.	
Mar 5 2009 	Small but great	This hotel was so beautiful, very boutique-y!!! Our room was the cheapest room available, I believe they even called it a &quot;small king room&quot;. It was small alright, but very nicely decorated. The staff was wonderful, and if you book online you get complimentary continental breakfast. We will defiantly be staying here the next time we are in Chicago.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great location Great Hotel Great Wine Great Fitness center Tiny room	This is best hotel bargin in Chicago if you are not overly unhappy with a small room. Great hotel just redone by Kimpton. This is a great hotel chain that really provides a the sense of escape and fun to all of their hotels. This is a location just off of LaSalle and next to the Cadillac theater. It has a 4 star resturant which we enjoyed in a relaxed atmosphere an amazing Italian meal. The wine list is one of the best in a city of great restaurants. The Kimptons have a social hour 5 to 6 with wine at all of their hotels. You sit in a designer, kind of London circa 1968 couch with a fire place nearby and have that lost art form of relaxation with you fellow guests. They are super animal friendly and provide complete services to your dog if you wish to bring it. The exercise room is great and there is a spa here as well. There are two other Kimptons here but for the money the Allegro is the best value and location. Always consider Kimptons as they never disappoint where ever we have used them.	
Feb 17 2009 	Nice hotel with small rooms	I shouldn't complain about the price for a downtown Chicago hotel on a holiday weekend. We caught a great rate of $90/night by doing some shopping online and had a nice stay at the Hotel Allegro.The location can't be beat right in the heart of the Loop. While the fine dining options are a little further away, picking up a quick/cheap breakfast or lunch is a very easy one or two block walk to the many options.The wine happy hour from 5 to 6pm was nice and we made sure to hit it both nights. Lots of places to sit in the various parts of the lobby. Parking is typically Chicago expensive as valet is $48 and self park was $45/night. Blame King Richard II (the current Mayor Daley) for selling out the city parking rights. Even the 2 hour limit street parking meters are now up to $3/hour.The TV is a nice, new 37&quot; HD capable set. (In fact, almost the exact same model LG as I have at home.) However the delivery system they use to get the signal into the rooms is pretty bad. Poor quality standard defenition signal. No HD options are available: either regular channels or pay-per-view. However the on-screen menus are HD.The Wifi is free and easy to connect to. Fast download speeds. Tons of plug options around the desk area.The bathroom was small but well-lit. The sink and area around it is pretty small. A couple will have a hard time finding enough room to even lay out the basics. The shower had good pressure and it was high enough for tall people.The mattress and bedding was comfortable. Falling to sleep was very easy.The walls seemed a bit thin as we could clearly hear the couple in the next room. However we saw them in the hallway and lobby and they seemed to ALWAYS TALK VERY LOUDLY!!!! Hopefully your neighbors will understand the concept of an indoor voice.The rooms and the hotel public areas are clean and well-kept. All of the staff we came into contact were very nice.When we visit Chicago again, we will make sure to check the Hotel Allegro out. However we will make every effort to book one of the larger rooms.	
Jan 18 2009 	We mixed business and pleasure	This was a fun, funky hotel. The staff was wonderful. The location was great for both my business meeting and for all of the fun events we planned to do. The hotel happy hour was fun. My only complaint is that the rooms are really small and there was no luggage rack.	
Jan 1 2009 	Great Hotel and Very Pet-Friendly!	I loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown Chicago, an older hotel with a great reno (a bit over-the-top design, but still very lovely and charming), clean rooms, and very friendly staff.They're also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our 130lb Mastiff cross with a gift bag (treats and directions to an off-leash area), and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog's names on it.	
Dec 5 2008 	A wonderful stay!	I loved the Hotel Allegro! This has been my favorite place to stay so far in Chicago. The somewhat retro decor is fun, the employees are very friendly and helpful, and the location is also great. I checked in early and as a result took a handicapped room, which did not have a standard armoir and had a HUGE bathroom, but otherwise the room was very comfortable. Soft bed, plasma TV (!), FREE wi-fi (!!), and FREE wine bar in the evenings (!!!). You may want to try to get a room on a high floor (maybe 10+?) because the El train runs right past the back side of the hotel. I was on the 16th floor and barely heard anything. Also of note: unlike many hotels housed in older buildings that I've stayed in, the elevators at the Allegro are modern and FAST. Very nice when you're high up in the building! I am a big fan of Kimpton's &quot;green&quot; practices, and this is the first chance I've had to experience them. I liked being able to continue my habits of recycling and such while traveling. Also, unlike other hotels I've stayed in, Kimpton actually DOES let you reuse your towel instead of just saying they have a program and still replacing your towels anyway.	
Dec 4 2008 	Great Location	My sister-in-law stayed at the Allegro for a girlfriends weekend and we were very happy with every aspect of our stay. It was the first trip to Chicago for both of us and the location was great and made it very easy to get around the city. We took advantage of the train station that was very close to the hotel and took the train to/from Midway and out to Oak Park with no trouble at all. The wine hour was a nice treat and the hotel bar had a good scene before/after the show next door. Yes, the room and bathroom are small. But, if you are going to be out and about , the size will not matter. The hotel was a great price on hotwire ($109) and for that price, I definitely feel like we got our money's worth and then some!	
Dec 2 2008 	Incredibly disappointing	I chose this hotel because of its convenient location in downtown Chicago. I could have chosen several other high-end hotels, but this one had me with its trendy look. Enjoy the pictures online, book elsewhere. First off, the rooms are small. I mean, teeny-tiny. One fabulous feature that I was looking forward to taking advantage of was their yoga package - they give you a yoga mat to borrow and they have a yoga channel on their tv. Unless you enjoy doing yoga on a bed, you will not have room. I had a king size room and I, a 5'11&quot; woman, could not have done yoga in the open space. Second, there were only 2 pillows on my king size bed. So, instead of being able to prop myself up comfortably on this nice big bed, I was stuck with a crook in my neck. Third, the staff are very quick and short with the guests. I tried asking for directions to a sushi restaurant. I ended up going 6 blocks in the wrong direction thanks to their directions. In the morning I tried to order room service for breakfast and I was told that there was a 45 minute wait so I would be better off taking advantage of the continental breakfast. This sounded great to me - a complimentary continental breakfast would be perfect! I showered (took literally 3 minutes to get warm water - never got hot) and packed and went down to the lobby. The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was 4 pastries, 4 pieces of fruit, and a woman &quot;guarding'&quot; the coffee. I thought, okay, well, they're going to prepare my coffee for me - okay. Nope - I was charged $2.67 for a cup of coffee. I was completely baffled by this. They have a complimentary wine hour in the lobby at night and they can't provide coffee in the morning? Absolutely ridiculous. When I mentioned my disappointments to the young man who checked me out he said that I should have said something to them and they would have done something for me yet he did not even offer to do anything upon my check out. When I returned I received a survey from Kimpton hotels because I am a member of their &quot;In Touch&quot; program. I filled out the survey, not giving a very good grade and 2 weeks later nobody has contacted me. As a saleswoman for a major retailer I am incredibly disappointed in the quality of the customer service I received. I do not recommend this hotel. If you want a beautiful, classy downtown Chicago hotel stay at the Palmer House Hilton. It's 100% worth the price.	
Nov 17 2008 	Stellar staff Great location	My husband &amp; I just returned from a weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary. We stayed at the Hotel Allegro after finding an incredible price through the hotel's web site at $109/night.I have to say that we were pleased with all aspects of this hotel. Having never been to Chicago before I was unsure of what part of the city to stay in. Rest assured, the Hotel Allegro is in a great part of town. Located in the theatre district of the Loop (downtown) , we were within walking distance of Macy's, Millennium Park, the Magnificent Mile, boat tours, and many restaurants. The interior of the hotel is beautiful and the staff were over-the-top friendly and accommodating. We did not encounter a single disgruntled employee during our stay. We were even upgraded to a King room! The rooms are a little on the small side, but we had expected this based on reviews read earlier. If you're concerned about space, you can always book a suite.A few words of advice; park your car in self parking, either at the hotel or across the street. While valet parking is convenient, you won't need the in &amp; out priveledges you pay extra for. Where you can't walk to in Chicago, you can get to in a $6 cab ride. And if you do drive, you'll pay at least 3 times that for parking.I definitely recommend Hotel Allegro, especially if you can find a deal on the room. I loved Chicago and can't wait to go back!	
Nov 10 2008 	Very close and convenient to go to the theatre	My husband and I happened to be in Chicago over Halloween this year and bought tickets to see a show not far from this hotel. We rode a cab to our theatre because my husband has some trouble walking very far however the Cadillac Theatre is right next door to this hotel and the Chicago Theater isn't far. Also within walking distance is the Old Marshal Fields which is now Macy's but still as great as ever and just a few blocks E. on Randolph.When we checked in, I couldn't find my preferred Kimpton number and so we went up to our room which was VERY small. I'm sure the room would have worked although a bit tight, but I finally found my number and we walked down to the desk and asked for an upgrade. The girl at the desk gave us a larger room on the same floor.The hotel looks to have recently had some remodeling. The decor makes me think of a modern take on Art Deco. Very artsy and colorful and fun, and seems to fit into the Theatre District frame of mind. However, I agree with someone who didn't like the bathroom doors which are a type of French door and open out into the room. You just don't have the feel of privacy that you sometimes want in a bathroom. Our new, larger room didn't have a view other than buildings but that's typical in a large city. This room looked a little bare as if a chair or piece of furniture was missing?? I'm submitting a photo so you can see for yourself.We went to the wine reception in the lobby and the desk clerks and other employees were dressed for Halloween which made things fun and festive for the evening before we took off for our dinner and show.My overall feel for the place was that it seemed nice enough if you get a good price. The bedding and bathroom seemed clean and the service for us was friendly although nothing overboard. If you want to go to the Mag. Mile, most would probably want to take a short taxi ride.	
Nov 6 2008 	Try to Avoid This One	I'm a frequent business traveler and often in Chicago on trips. At times, it's very difficult to even find a hotel in downtown Chicago, and this was one of those times. I recently had to pay almost $400 for one night at the Allegro. It was absolutely not worth it.The hotel was filled to capacity with conventioneers, so check-in and check-out were very slow. There were very few elevators, which were worked beyond capacity with all the guests. The morning I checked out, our elevator stopped at every single floor from the 16th floor down to the lobby, but the elevator was almost completely full when I got on at the 18th floor, so I can only imagine how long it must have taken other guests to get downstairs.The room was extremely small and cramped, even though it had obviously been renovated recently. The TV, bed, and decor were all new and were the high points of the hotel. Still, the rate was way overpriced for such a small room. The best thing about the Allegro was the room service, which was prompt. The food was good, and the prices were very reasonable for room service.From now on, if my regular hotels are booked, I'll just take a cab farther out from the city because it just isn't worth it.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great Suite	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on a Sunday night for our anniversary. I booked the room through Hotel Allegro's website and got an excellent sale rate for a 2 room suite complete with a 2 person jacuzzi tub. The room was fantastic! There was a very large living room with a flat panel TV , couch, table for four and a desk. The bedroom was a perfect size with a comfortable king sized bed with comfy bedding as well as an additional flat panel TV. The jacuzzi was excellent - big enough for 2, square in shape. The lobby is very tastefully decorated. We attended the wine hour in the lobby and enjoyed some Chardonnay and Merlot. The staff was pleasant enough, especially the bellman. We would definitely stay here again, as long as we were able to book a suite.	
Oct 29 2008	lovely lobby	The lobby of this hotel looks absolutely trendy and i love the usage of bright colors that leaves visitors a positive impression. the rooms were pretty small though, with a pretty cramped up feeling. it seems that they are quite good at making use of space. the electrical outlets are all lined up in a row next to the bed. in addition, when we first entered the room, we took awhile figuring out where the bathroom was.. the door of the bathroom looks just like the cupboard door! nonetheless, the service was great and personalized. it was sweet of them to welcome us with a greeting note, accompanied with chocolates. the neighborhood of this hotel also comprises of &quot;cheap eats&quot;, as compared to michigan street. hence, it's a convenient location for travelors on a budget without a fuss for quality food. one caution of note: do beware of the open space parking lot across the street from the hotel. we were almost cheated by swindlers who claimed they were in charge of the parking lot and gave us a fake ticket for display. so i guess if you are staying at this hotel, it's better to just pay the extra expenses for valet parking. at least you are &quot;assured&quot; in a way that your car would be safe.	
Oct 27 2008	Wonderful price wonderful place.	I loved my room, at the time I was 19 year old female looking to get out on my own and explore. The room was fun, the location was wonderful. I wasn't prepared for the huge deposit I had to leave on my credit card in case of incidentals. ( I didn't even have a card at that point, and had to call my mom - embarrassing) I was able to see all that I wanted, and get a feel of the city. I am not sure if they still hold money on your card but be sure to find out if they do - and ask the amount they hold before you book- if you are on any kind of budget. Would and hopefully WILL stay again!	
Oct 19 2008 	Great deal in the theatre district but...	The location is great--easy walking distance to the theatres, Millennium Park, and the Art Institute.The price is good--cheaper than other properties in the same neighborhood.If you're on a budget, skip the valet parking, and park in the garage on the opposite corner of Randolph and Wells and save $14. Skip coffee delivered to your door. Dunkin' Donuts is across the street on Wells.The staff is pleasant, if somewhat confused at times. The room was small, but within acceptable limits for the location and price.There was one thing missing from the room. An electrical outlet! There was one that was not behind furniture, in the small bathroom. What good is an iron and an ironing board when the only place to iron is in the bathroom while standing in the tub?While the property was recently renovated, expect to be mildly annoyed by the small things. The iPod dock was broken. The TV didn't work well with the inStream receiver. There are ice machine rooms on the even floors, but the one on 10 was an empty room. The computer center next to the front desk had a broken printer. On the other hand, the wireless network worked well.Verdict? Great deal for a short stay to see a few shows, but plan to obtain services by walking around the neighborhood.	
Oct 16 2008 	Great staff... Great suite	I stayed at the Hotel Allegro recently for business. When I checked in, they offered to upgrade me to the next class and I accepted. As they were trying to put me in the room, I was surprised when he said &quot;Oh, I see a suite available, I'll put you there&quot;. It was spacious and beautiful, very well docorated.If there were any drawbacks (I'm stretching here) I would say the sink is not deep enough and made shaving tough. Also the breakfast was quite pricy, especially compared to the room rate.That being said, great stay. Thanks Hotel Allegro!	
Oct 13 2008 	Excellent hotel with flair and location!	What a delightful surprise this newly renovated Chicago hotel was. We chose it for it's next door location to the Palace Theater, and got style, class and great service!This &quot;pet friendly&quot; hotel is immaculate! From the rooms, which we saw got deep cleaning (after every guest stay) to the public lobbies (yes there are no less than 4 really chic lobby areas) to the public toilets. Clean, clean clean!The beds were very comfortable, and the rooms very spacious. They have a Kimpton Frequest stay club, and I suggest you sign up before you book. It gets you some special ammenities like upgrades and chcolates.There is even a complimentary wine reception in the lobby each evening, and FREE wireless internet in every room, or free use of the computers next to the check in desk.The only one problem we had was that our check out bill showed a $10.50 room service charge, which was very quickly adjusted once we brought it to the front desk that we had not ordered room service.Kimpton has done a beautiful job of renovation this old building.We will certainly go back.	
Oct 13 2008	Nice stay for the marathon	3.5 stars for the hotel and room 4 stars for the service.We stayed here for one night prior to the Chicago marathon. The decor was eclectic new modern, everything was very clean and the bed was quite comfortable. As the hotel was overflow due to the race, we did not get the two bed we were looking for, and they did run out of roll away beds. Luckily I received one, probably due to phoning twice the week prior to ensure we'd receive a roll away if there were no double rooms.The customer service was quite good with staff being extra hospitable and friendly to us. We were extended a 3pm late check out time so we could ice and shower after the race. The cafe opened at 5am and was very friendly and generous with race ready breakfast. It was a very comfortable place to stay for the night.We paid $242 due to the race, but I would normally pay only $200 or less for this hotel.	
Oct 11 2008 	Perfect Hotel in Perfect Location	Our arrival and check-in at the Allegro was a breeze. The decor is sleek and modern. The entire hotel boasted cleanliness and unique custom decor. The room and bathroom were both a nice size. Beds were extremely comfortable. We were in the heart of theater district, next to Dirty Dancing and within steps of Wicked. I had taken a friend to her first trip to Chicago, and within walking distance of our hotel was able to take her to Millenium Park, down Michigan Ave Shopping, to Water Tower Place, the John Hancock and back all within a couple of hours. The nightly complimentary wine hour was a nice bonus to the already wonderful hotel. I would return again, and again.	
Sep 28 2008 	Quirky with a great staff	Hotel Allegro is a good lower cost hotel option for the city of Chicago. Located solidly in the theater district, the hotel has plenty to offer, even if it does have a few flaws.My room was small but the king-size bed was very comfortable with a nice feather comforter. The closet and bathroom were both kind of small, but adequate for a short term (one night) visit. The large flat screen TV was nice and, unlike many hotels in this area, the building next door was more than the usual 4 feet away from my window. The negatives included only two full size towels in the bathroom (for two of us), and some very strange wallpaper choices. I know the hotel is going for a younger, hipper feel, but the wallpaper in the bedroom was a tad busy (you can see it in the photo on their website). The wallpaper in the bathroom however was really crazy. My first thought was that anyone returning to this bathroom after a night of partying would have a hard time maintaining equilibrium in the bathroom. The room was very clean, and included free wireless internet. The people at the hotel are great. The bellman who helped unload our car and take the bags to the room was friendly and went above and beyond - even offereing to get us a bucket of ice from the machine at the end of the hall. The woman at the front desk was efficient, personable, and remembered our names each time we saw her. The wine reception was nice - a few cheese and crackers would have been good - but the wine was good and the lobby is conducive to lots of chatting areas. I liked the fact that their choice of lobby music was a bit more upbeat and &quot;hip.&quot; Valet parking was $48 a day, which is pretty average (maybe a little above average) and the parking attendants were all great. We felt that the staff were exceptional.I would think this is an especially great place to spend a night or two if you are sight-seeing and not spending a lot of time in your room.	
Sep 25 2008 	comfortable modern but small	The hotel is very conveniently located, and the staff were very helpful and available. The decor is new modern. It's definitely not your cookie-cutter hotel, which I appreciated. But for a hotel that just underwent renovation, it had a musty feel and the rooms are quirky - from just a little inconvenient to really awkward. Talking with several others in my party, one had only a half-size closet that did not reach the floor; mine had big pipes running through a small closet. It was like they missed a few things in the renovation. The walls were all newly painted and papered but the baseboards were chipped and dirty. Ceilings were very low and some drop ceilings in the elevator lobbies poorly concealed some ugly pipes and old ceiling. The bathrooms are very clean and modern, but very small. Big, comfy bed though and nice huge flat screen TV. Wine hour in the lobby seemed to be the hip and happening place to be, and that was a nice change from the usual.I would stay here again, because it was a good, functional and attractive place to sleep for one person - but can't recommend it for anything more than that.	
Sep 24 2008 	Good but Not for a Kimpton	I stayed at the Allegro for two nights in early September. I've stayed at the Monaco and the Burnham--other Kimpton properties--and this is probably the shabbiest of the three (despite the recent renovation).It's an old building so the rooms are small. The bathroom, in particular, was very small for a hotel bathroom. (Although I thought mine was wisely done--a pocket door, I think.) Nice Aveda bath products. Free NY Times delievered every morning.I love the free wine reception. And they also have free wireless. I lived in Chicago for 8 years so I feel comfortable saying that the Allegro--while decently located if your business is in The Loop or if you're there for theatre--is not super-convenient to lots of places. (Although it is convenient for all the restaurants on Randolph Street. Take a cab though.) I like The Monaco's location because it's right at the foot of Michigan Avenue. I like The Burham because it's right across from Marshall Fields and you can grab any of the buses up State Street.This is a good hotel, don't get me wrong. You'll be very comfortable here. But go expecting a small room. And check The Monaco and Burnham first.	
Sep 15 2008 	We went for a wedding at the Allegro	We live in the Chicago Suburbs and we were invited to a wedding at the Hotel Allegro, so to avoid a 45 minute ride home after drinking at the reception we decide to stay the night. Initially, my wife was in the area and stopped in to see if rooms were still available. She was told that they did still have rooms and was quoted the &quot;Wedding Rate&quot; of $255 plus tax, which in Chicago would have put us about $300. We went home and tried Hotwire and received a rate for the same night at $135 tax included. So much for the group discount. Parking was also $44 a night, but is available at the public garages downtown a little cheaper. Check in was easy and no problem and they did have our room ready at about 2:00pm when we arrived. The Allegro is nicely done, with a very hipster slant to the decor. Our room (1910) was nice, clean and well appointed but very small. I'm not sure that it was even a queen size bed. Only two pillows and none anywhere else in the room. The bathroom was clean, but very small. They had a big (maybe 37&quot;) plasma TV in the room.As part of the wedding the parents of the bride had the &quot;Star Dust Suite&quot; which was on our floor and was huge. It was big enough to have a bar and pool table and reception area that we had about 40 people in comfortably. The ballroom and the wedding reception were well done by the Allegro staff. I really would have rated it a 3.5 star hotel, but that isn't an option on TripAdvisor. It has a good theater district location and is a good place to stay, but not the best value for the money, especially without booking it on Hotwire.	
Sep 13 2008	Don't get bumped!!!	After a long day of travel I arrived late in the evening only to find out that the Allegro overbooked and chose not to honor my guaranteed reservation. So they gave me 20 bucks and put me in a cab for a hotel in the projects. And get this, when I chose not to return for the remainder of my reservation they tried to charge a cancellation fee. I learned my lesson about Kimpton properties.	
Sep 9 2008 	Missing the basics...	Being our first trip to Chicago and not having a huge budget, we decided on the Hotel Allegro for its value pricing while still having a 3-4 star rating on a hotel. The website for the hotel looks amazing, and they advertise their newly completed renovation. Okay, great, right! Well... first off, the location of the hotel is convenient to the L trains, so there was no problem finding the hotel once we we got off the trains. CTA buses run basically everywhere so transportation was not a problem, but the main buses that get you to the hot spots of the city (the 151, 146, and some others) are quite a walk away from the hotel. The Allegro is in the middle of the Theater district, which sounds nice, but at night, is somewhat deserted and on weekend mornings there can be some unsavory people on the corner under the train station and in corner alleys... note to anyone, avoid anyone who wants to &quot;shine your shoes.&quot; As for the hotel and the room, the front desk was friendly but there rarely was a doorman at the front. We were never offered to have our bags taken to our room upon arrival, and general information of the area, nearby restaurants and other usual information that's normally given to out of town guests was not volunteered upon checkin. When we got to our room, we found it to be small, but that's expected since it's an old building. There was a connecting door to the room next to us, but the mirrored desk blocked it. Needless to say, we were able to hear the people staying in the room next door. The website stated a coffee maker, but our room didn't have one. I dialed the front desk and was told there is a coffee bar in the mornings, but no coffee makers in the rooms. Also, no vending machines in the hotel. BUT there is an ice machine on the 8th floor. So, I can have ice at 3am, but if I wanted to make coffee at night, I'd either have to leave the hotel, or I'd have to wait until the morning for the &quot;coffee bar&quot; next to the front desk... and pay 3 dollars. Nevermind. On trips I always bring &quot;to go&quot; cups and my own coffee and flavored creamer, tea and hot chocolate so at night or in the morning I can have something hot to drink. Not so in this case! Luckily, there is a Duncan Donuts around the corner that we found on our last day. There is no dresser, so keep your clothes in your suitcase or hang it all in the tiny closet. I think they avoid having a dresser due to the small space of the room. Aveda toiletries were nice, the bathroom was small but still functional and the shower has marble (or faux marble) tiles, which was nice. FYI: If you want to plug the sink, the lever is underneath the basin. The bed was comfy for us, pillows were too small for the King bed, which might bother some, but not us. I loved the comforter and sheets. LCD tv was nice, the iHome clock radio was a nice touch but i didn't use it; the climate controls worked promptly and perfectly. The room lacks a phone book and basic area information. The mini bar is basically a refrigerator with items; no sensors here! We were told we could take the items out and put them to the side to use mini bar as a fridge, and as long as we don't use the items in the mini bar, we wouldn't be charged. We checked out the fitness center on the 5th floor, which was very nice. The decor of the hotel is simply gorgeous. I couldn't get enough of the decor. We had drinks at the Encore lounge, which was nice, but fairly empty. Finally, there is construction going on across the hotel. Demolition was already completed but I don't know when the actual building will begin. So future travelers, be aware of that piece of info, at least. Overall, the hotel was just OK for us. But next time we go, I'm looking for a hotel closer to Michigan Ave...	
Sep 2 2008 	OK Hotel Horrible Service	I am a frequent guest of Kimpton Hotels and an &quot;In Touch&quot; member. I have stayed at the Allegro once before, well over a year ago and prior to the massive renovation. The good:– The location is touristy, but convenient. The El is very close by, as are multiple bars and restaurants. – The renovation is definitely a huge improvement. The palette is pleasing and the rooms are much more restful.– The beds are comfortable, as expected at a Kimpton hotel. The bad:– Leave your toiletries at home, because there is absolutely no space to place them in the bathroom. Literally...zero.– The closets are extremely bizarre. They removed the main rack to hang your clothing and replaced it with two face-out racks...you can't see your clothes all at once, as you are forced to stack them on top of each other. Also, you'll find tacky apparel the hotel is trying to get you to purchase, taking up the majority of hangers.– The doormen (with the exception of one, Fidel) are surly and I found this quite annoying. I was told which cab to get into, as though I'd never hailed a cab before (I am from NYC). While approaching the hotel on several occasions, the doormen would yell at me what door to use (there are three, all of which work...) yet not once did they bother to open it for me. Where is the service?– While check-in was pleasant, the woman who checked me out was both rude and abrupt. Not only was I not asked how my stay was, but I was hastily shoved a receipt (no envelope, no review of charges) and shoved aside for another guest who was checking in...at noon.I travel very frequently for business and pleasure and normally have the Kimpton group on the very top of my hotel list. After this horrible experience, I will likely reconsider my loyalty and may make a beeline for the Starwood group.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great time at the Allegro!	We had the best time! The renovations have just been completed and the hotel is sooo cool! Ususally don't use all of the facilities of a hotel but because of a busy schedule we chose to eat at both 312 and Encore. Both were great, and fun!The whole place has an atmosphere of &quot;hip and happening&quot;.The daily wine hour was a fun start to our evenings. All of the staff knocked themselves out to make our stay memorable.Special mention to the concierge who basically planned our whole vacation, made suggestions and reservations and even sent us umbrellas on a rainy day! We love the &quot;loop area&quot; and the Allegro was so convenient for shopping, tourist attractions and dining.	
Aug 25 2008 	Hotel Allegro has a nice location but typical Kimpton	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Allegro on a Friday and a Saturday night. We are generally fans of Kimpton hotels - we like the decorations and style that most of their hotels exhibit. Hotel Burnham in Chicago is a particular favorite, for example. We found Hotel Allegro to be a typical but unfortunately underwhelming Kimpton.First, if you're in Chicago to see a show, Hotel Allegro has a decent enough location - it's walking distance to the Ford Theater and the Palace is right next door. There are restaurants, pharmacies, shopping and more in the immediately neighborhood.The staff was friendly and helpful at all times.Par for a Kimpton hotel, the room was just large enough for a bed and a small desk. The bathroom featured a tiny sink and a decent shower. It was clean and had a modern feel. We found it strange that there we only two tiny pillows on the giant King bed (and none to be found anywhere else in the room.) It had a large, flat-screen TV (although we never turned it on) and strangely, it had two closets - one tiny, angled one where the iron and hangers were located - and a larger empty one with a shelf and rack to which we moved the hangers in order to unpack.Also par for Kimpton, the hotel was noisy. It is my opinion that rude guests are attracted to Kimpton's frequent discounts. Hotel Allegro had it's share on Friday night - about 2AM, noisy guests returning from the bars were shouting and laughing in the hall. We heard numerous slamming doors. At 7AM the clock alarm in the vacant room next to ours started blaring (it was REALLY loud). We notified the front desk but apparently they didn't do anything because it went off on Sunday morning at the same time. Considering how obvious it was on the face of the digital clock that an alarm was set, it's disappointing that housekeeping doesn't include this in their to-do list to check when a visitor checks out.The room was very clammy the first night. Even though the air conditioning was running, we found the bed and air to have a heavy, damp feeling which was uncomfortable. The second night, however, everything was fine. Because Kimpton tends to renovate old hotels, it may be that the outside weather (which was very humid) was leaking in - but this was the first time we've experienced that in a hotel with air conditioning.Also, we were extremely disappointed with parking fees -- $44/night! This isn't necessarily Hotel Allegro's fault - we made a point to check out prices at other hotels and generally it seems everyone has raised their nightly rates. That said, one block down the street was a public ramp that offered parking for $32/night. We self-parked and ended up saving a bunch of money since we took our car out early on Sunday - we paid $12 for the second night which is a real deal. Walking one block with our luggage to save $40 was well worth it.So, our stay at Hotel Allegro was a mixed bag. We liked the location and the staff. We generally liked our room although the hotel was noisy at times and was clammy one night. We got a great deal compared to other hotels in the area - so it's easier to look past the problems. If we had the choice, we would probably stay at Hotel Burnham over Hotel Allegro but if another good deal popped-up for our frequent visits to Chicago, we'd certainly consider this hotel again.	
Aug 23 2008 	good location good room good rate and the tiniest bathroom	Our upgrade king room was very spacious, but the bathroom sink area was so small that there didn't seem to be any room for water glasses, which were not provided. We paid about $150, which is a good rate for a very well located hotel. We have used this hotel about 4 times in last 3 years and I have always been satisfied with the service and cleanliness.This hotel is close to an el station and a short distance from Michigan Avenue and Millenium Park.	
Aug 23 2008 	Lovely Hotel in City	I stayed here for 2 nights in May 2008. I have to say the hotel was exceptionally clean and very modern and funky. They had a free wine tasting each evening!The restaurant served very good breakfasts and the staff were lovely and helpful throughout the stay.The hotel is located within walking distance to the metro system and also close to shopping / restaurants and sights!Rooms were lovely, althou the bathroom was slightly on the compact side.Will be back.	
Aug 23 2008 	Renovated Allegro Misses the Mark	I have been a loyal Allegro fan for many years and was excited to see what improvements the renovation would bring to the hotel. I am sorry to report that I was disappointed by what I found.For every improvement there are several setbacks. For instance, the new bathtubs and shower surrounds are a vast improvement over the cheap plastic enclosures that were in place before, but in an attempt to make the bathrooms look bigger they installed tiny, doll-house sized sinks and removed every inch of counter space. If you need a spot to store your toothpaste, deodorant and hair brush, you have two options: on the floor of the bathroom or on the floor of the hallway right outside the bathroom. And since there is no counterspace, there are no glasses anywhere to be found. If you want a glass of tap water you'll have to order it from room service.Want to hang up your clothes? Pack light. They replaced the lateral closet hanger bar with two, feeble short ones that stick out towards you from the back of the closet wall. Two-thirds of the closet is completely unusable. This is progress?Want to plug in your laptop? Good luck. Decide whether you want to unplug a lamp, the clock radio or the TV. The wifi signal was week too, hovering predominantly on a low signal that made sending an email almost impossible. The new decor was a big disappointment too. The warm, vibrant colors have been replaced with an icy pallette of blues, grays and silvers. It's a bit like staying in a mosoleum. The chest front featuring what looks like the scrawlings of a two year old and mirrored, glass desktop with blotches of what look like battery acid are more jarring than soothing. Did an interior designer actually get paid for this job?One aspect that the Allegro did enhance is their price gouging. Want to print out a boarding pass? Cough up $5.95 plus $0.49 per page ($1.49 for color). Want a small pot of coffee delivered to your room in the morning? A $10 bill won't cover it. Need to park your car overnight? Add $44 to your tab. I've stayed at The Allegro for all of my previous stays in Chicago but will be looking elsewhere for my next trip. I do not consider myself to be a demanding guest but I do want the basics: reliable wifi, enough outlets so that I don't have to charge my mobile phone in the bathroom, and a water glass so I can quench my thirst without calling room service.	
Jul 31 2008 	Petit Chic	The rooms are small, but nicely done. My husband and I stayed in a regular King room for our anniversary, and it was really perfect. I didn't want an average looking hotel room, I had wanted something stylish, and this was it. Attention was paid to every detail. The lobby was posh, very modern and yet cozy and comfortable. I sat waiting for my husband to return with the car (we opted out of valet), and felt at ease. The staff was wonderful. Check-in was hassle free, our luggage was taken for us when we got out of the car, and assistance was never more than a request away. I may not recommend this for a longer stay, unless you stay in the premier room, or a suite. Pricing was very good for such a nice hotel in proximity. We took a cab to Navy Pier, but were able to walk to Magnificent Mile, the Sears Tower, and just about anywhere. The hotel is in the heart of the Theater district, so if you want to see Wicked or anything else, you barely have to take ten steps.I would recommend &quot;the Corner Bakery&quot; for breakfast, just around the corner.	
Jul 29 2008 	Love this hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Allegro during our anniversary weekend and we were not disappointed. I have stayed at other Kimpton hotels in DC, and I must say that the Allegro in Chicago has become my favorite Kimpton hotel since our stay a few weeks ago.The Rooms: We stayed in a King Suite and was pleased with EVERYTHING in the room. It was rather large...not sure what rooms other guests that have posted reviews stayed in but this room was great. We DID NOT hear noise from other rooms. We DID NOT hear the L. We had two large flat screen tvs (one in the living area and one in the sleeping area), plus two closets, a desk, a sofa, and plenty of seating. The iHome radios are a nice touch---you can listen to your ipod on it. I personally didn't have an issue with counter space in the bathroom. I simply moved the tissue holder, etc. to the space under the sink. My husband used the area to the left of the sink, I used the right. No problems there. The tub was a jacuzzi tub so no problems there. Lastly, the beds were nice, comfortable...you could sink into them. The Service: We enjoyed the wine reception every night and took full advantage of it! Why not, it's free! And as for the wifi, ours was free with the room. We also ordered room service for breakfast and it was on time and yummy! I can see some other guests' complaint about not having a coffee maker in the room. But that didn't bother us at all...it might if you are a business traveler. And Mark (the concierge) helped us with EVERYTHING (he also got us a good seats at Frontera Grill and the Signature Room that weekend). One day, we missed having our room cleaned---but as we left our room around 2pm, we we asked by the staff if we would like our room cleaned (of course we would) and when we came back in an hour it was spotless. We even got a follow up visit to make sure the room was cleaned and met our approval.The Hotel/Location: We thought the renovation of the hotel was fabulous. What a cool lobby. And you can't beat the location. We caught the train into Union Station so the walk was 15 minutes tops. We also saw the play Wicked while we were there and it's right down the street. Perfect! Plus we walked all the way up to The Water Tower, so IMO, it's kinda close to a lot of things. Still away from the Michigan Ave. foot traffic, but still accessible to may things.  We booked our room on the hotel site with a TravelZoo special ( king suite for $169/night). I would definitely stay here again! I love this place!	
Jul 22 2008 	Fantastic Value	We had three nights of vacation in Chicago and had read &quot;pretty good&quot; reviews of the Allegro. But the hotel wasn't &quot;pretty good,&quot; it was fantastic! We'll go back again. The decor is lively, the check-in staff were very helpful and courteous. Restaurant 213 at street level, and the bar Encore, were wonderful - great food and drinks. We ate breakfast across the street at a Greek diner (except Sunday when everything is closed in the theater district except Dunkin Donuts - boo!). The Allegro coffee lady was funny and pleasant.We saw &quot;Wicked&quot; just two blocks away - you can't get any closer to the theaters.On the down side, our room was the smallest room I've ever stayed in, and the bathroom sink was hilariously tiny. But it was gorgeous (it's been recently remodeled), QUIET and the bed was comfy and plush, and it was enough space for a couple of nights. The price made it all worthwhile (less than $400 for 3 nights).	
Jul 22 2008 	Great style and location	My husband and I stayed here for a long weekend, and we couldn't have been more impressed. The hotel's decor was colorful and stylish, and our room was immaculate with a comfortable bed and a huge LCD television. The hotel is committed to being &quot;green&quot; with a recycle bin and efficient faucets. Yes, it was a small room/bathroom, but this is an old downtown hotel. Speaking of downtown, the location is great! It's in the theater district very close to all the L train lines. It's only a short walk from the lake and a lot of the Chicago sites. We had minimal contact with the staff, but everyone was friendly and helpful--and there's free wine in the afternoon! We got this room on Hotwire for $90--what a bargain! We'll definitely stay again.	
Jul 15 2008 	Maybe I should stick with 3 * hotels!	The decor of the reception area is colorful, interesting and a blend between old and modern. It is a large, comfortable lobby area. This said, not much is &quot;available&quot; to do while you are in the lobby. Free Wifi is only for hotel guests. Even the 2 computers they had in the lobby area required $6 per 15 minutes or so...ridiculous in a luxury hotel to nickle and dime the customer.As far as our stay...To start off with, they got the reservation wrong. We booked a room with 2 beds, Orbitz even had called the hotel to confirm...we still got a room with 1 bed. The reception was rude with no attempt to resolve the issue. We even spent over 1 hour on hold with Orbitz as they tried to call the hotel.Got the room...supposedly a larger one--it was smaller than many a hotels I have stayed at...yes...even in downtown areas. The room was nicely setup however nothing extravagent. There was a little surprise in the closet...something else for sale! You should stay just to discover this little funny incident! :)At night I could hear the &quot;L&quot; trains. I could also hear the people in the next room. One of the things mentioned is free coffee and tea. However it isn't at all hours of the day! The one day I got there in time to get it, it seemed like they were doing me a favor! I wanted to tea bags for my tea...can't have it! If I wanted a refill on my coffee...sorry...used up your free coffee already! Although I didn't have the free breakfast coupon I did see some others...the offer was you can have one pastry, one fruit, and one juice. It was controlled from behind the counter so you couldn't take a look at what you wanted...or get seconds. Heck...they even ran out of stuff so some people left hungry!The conceirge was helpful. Gym was nice!With no free breakfast, nickle and diming on computer use and other small things, and just the unsincere service I was not pleased with the 4-star hotel.	
Jun 30 2008 	Another great Kimpton	This was our third stay at a Kimpton, and the hotel chain continues to deliver. Very mod, stylish lobby &amp; hotel room. Great location near the Chicago el.VERY large room, extremely comfortable bed (we slept until 10 every day!). Our suite had a fold out couch as well as a king bed - not always easy to find a good sleeping arrangement for 3 people. 2 armoirs with TVs. Very comfortable bed &amp; great down pillows. Staff was very courteous. Excellent closet space. Room was quiet &amp; had good views.Free wine happy hour 5-6 pm every day. The lobby can be quite a happening spot during this time.Only cons - virtually no counter or shelf space in the bath room. No vent either. Also, desk should have a mirror so that you don't have to put on your makeup in a steamy bathroom. These hotels are obviously designed by men!	
Jun 29 2008 	Still Okay not Great	Have stayed at this hotel many times over the past five years or so, this is my first trip back since they remodeled. Apparently they missed me, since they put me in a HUGE suite. If you have ever stayed here, you know many of the rooms are tiny, well this suite was larger than some of my friends apartments! I am glad to see the weird pink/orange color gone, it's been replaced with a blue/brown scheme - much more restful. Bathroom design was pretty bad, poor lighting, huge jacuzzi tub but counter space was unbelievably small, I mean there was NO room to even leave a glass with my toothbrush in it, had to repack all costmetics and put them on the shelf underneath. There was plenty of room in the bathroom to put a larger vanity or even a shelf, not sure why it was set up this way.Bed was comfortable, great linens as usual, plenty of pillows and I loved the new plasma tvs in the room. The living area was really big but not all that functional, had a small sofa, a desk and a dining table but the layout was kind of strange. It was hard to see the tv from the couch, much easier to hang out on the bed and watch.The service was wonderful as usual, I have no complaints other than the room service guy wouldn't stop talking to me and leave and I was hungry. Club sandwich was just ok, roasted chicken was wonderful and I would highly recommend it.I will be staying here again next month, so hopefully will see what the regular rooms are like...	
Jun 27 2008	Overall Good Experience	We were in Chicago just for a few days for a wedding and found the Allegro through Hotwire ($124/nt). While we also experienced some lapses in service and inconveniences, overall we had a good experience here. First, the good: beautiful Art Deco designs everywhere; I felt like I was staying in the &quot;Rhapsody In Blue&quot; segment of the Fantasia movie. The bed was very comfortable and the lighting good; water pressure was fine. The windows are double-paned and as a result the traffic noises (and construction across the street) were much muted. For those complaining about the lack of coffeemakers in the room, the hotel does provide complimentary coffee/tea in the lobby every morning from 6:00-10:00 a.m. There is also a wine hour (sadly, no cheeses) every day at 4:00 p.m. at which time we saw plenty of guests. Take time to hang out in the lobby; it's spectacularly beautiful even if Art Deco isn't your thing. The neighborhood is much quieter at night than north of the river (ie. Magnificent Mile) being primarily a business district and is easily accessible by the El (just a short, safe walk away) and Metra to the suburbs (about 15-20 mins walk depending on which station you need to access). While this might be a turn-off to some, for us we were glad not to be fighting crowds on the sidewalks all the time. Yes, the vacant lot across the street is not exactly picturesque, but overall we appreciated the location for what it was--close to pretty much everything, and the opportunity to see a city in transition (there's construction going on all around). We chose not to rent a car and were glad we didn't; there are plenty of self-parking lots around but most don't allow overnight parking, and it seemed pretty steep (and unnecessary) to park at the hotel. I also appreciated the &quot;green&quot; aspect of the hotel with its separate trash/recycling cans in the room.The not-so-good: I would agree with the previous poster about the dearth of a good variety of restaurants open on weekend nights or late in general. Despite the fact that there is a theatre next door and several (the Chicago, the Oriental) in the immediate neighborhood, we had a very rough time finding anything open beyond McDonalds at 9:30 p.m. on a Saturday night. Fortunately for us, we found Ronny's Original Steakhouse (near the Clark/Lake CTA station) which had phenomenal barbeque, but it took awhile to find it. (Incidentally, there are a few pizza places within walking distance--Giordano's up the street and Pizanos' on Madison--but they generally don't stay open that late. Also if you like Persian food there's a great place called Reza's on Orleans a short cab ride away.) Our flight was delayed and by the time we got to the hotel it was after 3:00 a.m.; the wake-up call we requested for the next day never came (good thing we set an alarm ourselves). We also waited about 45 minutes for a bag of ice to be brought to us (as there is no ice machine). The rooms and especially the bathrooms are quite small but seeing how it is an older hotel it's to be expected. If we had been staying longer than just a few days (and had luggage rather than living out of carry-on backpacks) it would've been pretty hard to store our clothes, as there seemed to be only a pair of small drawers for storage and a tiny closet.We appreciated the Allegro for its location, its theme design and the efforts it took to make us comfortable. If given a similar opportunity to stay at a discounted price, I would be happy to stay here again.	
Jun 22 2008 	A little disappointed	I stayed at the Hotel Allegro for two days during a conference (held elsewhere), booked via a travel agent. I had a choice of where I wanted to stay and chose the Allegro based on location and amenities, especially the free wifi. Since I was there for a work conference, this was important.My flight was delayed and I arrived near midnight. The agent had booked a king room but for some reason the desk clerk was unable to give me a king room, so I ended up with two full beds. First disappointment--I was looking forward to wallowing in the king-size bed! The room had been reserved for nearly a month and late arrival was guaranteed.Second disappointment: went looking for vending/ice machines. There are none. Room service stops at 11. Guess what that means at midnight? Minibar time! Overpriced junk food and soda FTW! Sigh. Incidentally, the drinking glasses are in the minibar. Sodas are $3, small junk is $3, booze and wine are more of course. Plus tax.I could not get onto the free wifi the first night. I was presented with a selection of &quot;free basic wifi&quot; or &quot;premium wifi&quot; -- the latter for a price. I chose the free wifi and kept getting an error message. I gave up the first night and went to bed. The next morning, on a hunch I tried Internet Explorer (usually use Firefox) and it worked fine. Still got error messages in Firefox. So if you want to use the free wifi, use IE. But be warned: it's S-L-O-W. I guess if you want GOOD wifi, you have to pay for it. The free wifi is fine for basic checking e-mail, etc. You have to register using your room number for how long you want it (one day, two days, etc.) and a window pops up telling you how long you have left in hours.The room was small but functional and nicely decorated. The bedlinens were great and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom is teeny tiny but laid out cleverly with, I thought, a good amount of counter space, though for two people it might not be enough. Good water pressure in the shower, plenty of hot water.There is a small closet with a laptop-size safe (a good thing) and hangers in a smaller closet by the door, which also had the iron and ironing board, hangers (which was weird--why not put the hangers in the closet?) and the jammies and sock-slippers for sale.The location is great if you need to be in the Loop area, but they roll up the sidewalks down there around 8:00 p.m. and there are few restaurants, etc. open. Lots for breakfast and lunch that cater to the office crowds, but dinner--not so much. You will have to travel outside the Loop area unless you want to eat at hotel restaurants. That struck me as odd since it is the &quot;theatre district.&quot; Don't people like to have dinner before or after their show? Or do they have no problem with using public transportation or driving around? It's not like there's a lot of convenient parking. But I wanted Chicago deep-dish pizza and was out of luck since I was too tired to deal with finding out a bus or El route. The Chicago transit system is pretty good, though, and the hotel is convenient to lots of buses and trains.I was a little disappointed because I don't like being nickel and dimed for every little thing and in some ways I felt that I was. But the hotel room itself was comfortable and clean, if small. If you can get a discounted price I would recommend it.	
Jun 19 2008 	Not our favorite by any means	We only paid $85 a night because we bought the room through an 'on-line auction site' so we really can't complain at that price. But, had we paid full price (around $250 a night) we would have been VERY disappointed. I believe that every hotel room should have two chairs. Who wants to sit on the edge of a bed to have a conversation? That is what you have to do at the Allegro because there is only one desk chair in the whole room - even though there is room for another one. We thought the decor was cold and unwelcoming, there wasn't enough surface space to put 'things', leaving guests to totally live out of their opened suitcases, which had to lay on the floor because there was no other place to put them. The bathroom was very small with no counterspace. There was no coffee maker and we never found any drinking glasses.  In the closet was a leopard print number that you could purchase for about $50. Never saw anything like that before. We had a horrible view of crumbled buildings and we noticed that there were hardly any guests to be seen in the common areas. On the plus side - we arrived at 7:30 a.m. and they let us have access to our room at that time. We figured that we would have to store our luggage until 1:00 pm but, luckily, that wasn't the case. Also, the internet service is free. Generally, the Allegro is trying to be artsy-fartsy, hip and unique but we thought it mostly just looked a little bit tacky.	
Jun 11 2008 	Cool Vibe	Spent 2 nights at the Allegro and was definitely impressed. Nice mix of historic art-deco architecture and modern, chic decor. Standard no-view room was small at 229sq ft which I knew at time of booking. Well appointed furnishings &amp; comfy bed. Pleasant staff , not super friendly but helpful. Pricy valet parking of course, $40 to be expected for downtown location. Easy access to freeway. Great lounge adjacent to hotel called Encore. Only bummer was no coffee-maker in room.	
Jun 8 2008 	Hits the soft spot	I love this hotel. I just find it very charming. I love the decor, and the location is great. Front desk staff is always friendly and helpful. Valet's good too - there was this guy Chuck at the valet when I stayed here a few months ago and he was just the nicest guy. Haven't seen him the last 2 times I stayed here though. Also ordered room service for breakfast once and it was great. The rooms are definitely smaller, but they're enough for 2. I've also stayed at the King suite before - nice separate living room space, but you can only sleep 1 comfortably on the sofa bed. My friends opted to lay the pillows on the floor and slept on the floor instead. I get the feeling that the hotel doesn't have all its processes down yet. Sometimes I make requests (such as pillows or pet bowls) and they take a long time to be fulfilled. Sometimes it takes multiple reminders, and sometimes it takes me to be proactive by going downstairs to the front desk. They certainly seem to be improving everytime I stay here though. and if anything does go wrong, the staff does its best to remediate the issue, an effort which I am appreciative of. My biggest issue with the hotel is its thin walls. Of my stays here, I've heard neighbors' passionate nights to phone conversations, and I'm not even a light sleeper. My worst experience was when my neighbor decided to wake up to Josh Groban 45 minutes before I wanted to wake up. An unfortunate incident likely resulting from being in an older building, but somehow I still like this hotel a whole lot and keep going back. I now request for quiet rooms in my Kimpton profile, and it seems to have helped in my most recent stay.	
May 26 2008	Good experience	We stayed in a king suite at the Hotel Allegro over Memorial Day weekend. We paid $130/night, and it was definitely a bargain. The suite was huge - living room with a couch, two chairs, desk; large bathroom; bedroom; two closets. The room had recently been renovated, and was very clean. Comfortable bed, friendly staff, great location (near the train and bus), evening wine reception and morning coffee provided. While the Allegro isn't a five-star hotel, it is a great place for the money. (Note: a friend stayed in a non-suite room, and reported that it was very small. Upgrade if possible).	
May 23 2008 	Cute hotel	I booked this hotel for $129 a night via Hotwire and it was an excellent deal. The decor of the hotel is very cute, very chic. It is right in the heart of the theater district, but a good walk from Michigan Ave. shops. The bathrooms are pretty tiny though, as noted in previous posts. What I liked most about this hotel was the free wine tasting every evening. After a day out in the city, we would return every night to freshen up to go out that evening, but always stopped downstairs for a free glass of wine before going out. Now, you can't beat that!	
May 16 2008 	Not too shabby.	It's conveniently located right next to one of the theaters that's playing Wicked. So the eccentrically decorated room I had was a bit smaller than it appeared on the hotel site's photos. My room did not have a great view, it's facing other tall buildings, but it was quiet. It does have modern amenitiy like the flat screen tv, very comfortable bed, toiletries from Aveda, and an alarm clock/radio that you can hook up your ipod to. The downside is I had trouble finding an outlet to plug my laptop and charge my phone. The closet is very small. This hotel has been around for a while even with it's modern amenities, but for some reason I just got the creeps especially when someone told me the hotel was part of the haunted tour.. I didn't see anything unusual. Overall, it's not too shabby.	
May 7 2008	Bad Situation that they handled excellently	When I arrived they were still under construction (however I never saw the construction everything looked perfect). They informed me that the rooms that they had left were being worked on and so they needed to send me to their sister hotel (Hotel Monoco). They paid for my hotel, my parking, and my taxi ride to the other hotel, and provided me a Suite for the following night at the Allegro. ALL the staff from both hotels were wonderful however the staff at the Allegro took great care of me and went out of their way across the board. I keep reading that the rooms were small. If you have ever traeveled to NYC and stayed in a hotel the rooms are the same size as those you will find in NYC. The size was fine and I was able to hang my clothes and move around in the bathroom with ease. When I come out here for business again you will be sure that I will be staying. I wish to thank Mike Potter especially for going out of his way for me throughout my stay. Once again, thank you sooo much for a great stay at both of your hotels!!!	
May 2 2008 	Good but cut corners	Rooms are clean but tiny. Bathroom has an odd double door that allows others to see anyone using the toilet. The air conditioning turns off with a sound like someone breaking into your room. The TV has limited channels and no real program listings, just channel lists. Even a cheap motel does this better. Finally, when we called down for our car to leave (cost $40 to park overnight), it took them 45 minutes to bring it down.	
Apr 22 2008 	Perfect location in the Loop!	Smack-dab in the theater district, the Allegro's also within easy walking distance of the Sears Tower &amp; the Museum Campus (includes Adler Planetarium, Shedd Aquarium, Field Museum) &amp; lots of other Loop attractions. The hotel is finishing up a major renovation -- the lobby &amp; other public areas are really spiffy. Our room was cozy, but very comfortable. There were 2 adults &amp; 2 children in 2 double beds. I worried about noise from the El, since it's so close by, but I never heard more than a faint rumble. The staff were, without exception, *very* helpful &amp; friendly. The kids even got little &quot;Kimpton Kids&quot; mini backpacks with all kinds of goodies in them. We were completely delighted with our stay, &amp; hope to have the pleasure of visiting again sometime!	
Apr 8 2008 	Bad noisy tiny bathroom...	The people is nice if you don't have any problem, butif you have one they say very nice &quot;I'm sorry&quot;They try to be minimalist. I have to take out the ironing boardto place there my cosmetics, my suitcase on the floor.The bathroom is tiny tiny (yes very tiny)The TV is big, but they don't have HD they strech the screenand fix. They remodeled but in a chip way. (The bed it is better)I was happier before. Now is more expensive.It is no worth it.That it is sad, i enjoy the Cadilac Theater.	
Mar 3 2008	Fantastic Stay - Amazing Hotel	My friend and I spent one night at the Hotel Allegro this past weekend. We had never stayed at a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel and didn't know exactly what to expect. I can report we are now fully spoiled and never want to stay at a regular chain hotel again!  The Hotel Allegro has only recently re-opened after a remodeling project. The lobby is uber-modern but very welcoming. Customer service was fantastic - everyone politely answered our questions and always said hello when they saw us in the hotel. In the evenings between 5-6pm a complimentary wine reception is held in the lobby - something we really enjoyed.  The guestrooms are very modern yet extremely comfortable. I felt as if I was having a sleepover at a friend's house instead of staying in a hotel. The rooms are not huge but my friend and I didn't feel as if we were tripping over one another.  I do have a few pointers - not complaints, simply a heads up. The bathroom was small but adequate. (PLENTY of towels and Aveda toiletries were a pleasant surprise). And don't plan on hanging much IF ANYTHING in the closet. It's TINY - barely wide enough for a pair of shoes. (No kidding!)  Overall, we had a fabulous time at the Allegro and look forward to our next stay.	
Jan 23 2008 	Allegro Hotel - Another Great Kimpton Hotel	The Allegro Hotel, like other Kimpton Hotels, has great service and immenities - free WiFi, free wine hour from 5-6, Aveda bath products. The rooms are fantastic. I stayed in the Lion King Suite; it was so wonderful that I had to stay another night! It was very over the top with an animal head on the wall, African masks and a water feature. It was my boyfriend's birthday and the staff sent up a bottle of single malt scotch for us, gratis! I am always blown away by the staff at the Kimpton. The Allegro is going under renovations, so many of the old rooms that they had will no longer be available. See pictures of the Lion King Suite!	
Dec 27 2007 	Great Hotel and Location!	Two moms and 3 boys ages 9-11 loved this hotel. It was groovy enough for the boys to think it was cool- chic enough for the moms to feel like we were &quot;getting away&quot; Great location VERY close to the train for easy access everywhere. We were able to take a train from the airport and walk (or take the train) everywhere. Room was very quiet, had a complimentary wine and soft drinks every afternoon and were very considerate in storing our stuff so that we could run off to a Cubs game before check in time. The concierge was great and &quot;called a friend&quot; at Harry Carey's to get us in. The boys who were all baseball buffs loved this restaraunt. Went to the Navy Pier, the Field Museum, and we were even close enough to walk to the Sears Tower. Highly recommend this hotel!	
Nov 14 2007 	good hotel great price	we booked a inner loop hotel in chicago thru priceline &quot;name your own price&quot; and got a great deal at hotel allegro. this hotel is art deco, but not cheesy art deco. it has a good location in heart of chicago in the theatre district. close to public transportation. lacks some amenities you get with larger hotels, but has good service.	
Nov 5 2007	Needs Updating and Cleaning.	I've stayed a few times and my small rooms haven't been cleaned properly on any visits. The bathroom seemed to be falling apart. Not worth the money. It may have been a good hotel at one point, but it's well past its peak.Also, the neighborhood pretty much shuts down after 8 pm or earlier. So if you are coming for vacation, don't expect much in walking distance.	
Oct 30 2007 	Mediocre	We stayed at Hotel Allegro for one night on a trip to Chicago for a concert. The hotel sounded really hip and cool, but it's all on the surface. Check in was a cluster, elevators were slow, the room was claustraphobic with a tiny TV and the toilet was the industial type you might find in a bus station. We did, however , enjoy the bar downstairs. Overall it was not worth the price.	
Sep 28 2007 	Last Chance to Enjoy Funky Style	I have stayed at The Allegro several times in the past as it is conveniently located for my business visits to Chicago. The rooms are on the small side, the bathrooms are dated and the closets are absolutely tiny. The staff have always been super helpful and the funky art deco decor gives the hotel a unique ambiance. But apparently the funkiness is on the way out. The hotel is now under renovation. The front desk staff indicated that the new rooms would be larger and more functional and that the common areas would be decorated in a different style.Updated rooms won't be available until next spring...so fans of the old Allegro style still have a little time for a funk fix.	
Sep 26 2007 	Not the best Chicago has to offer but fine for a night or two.	I was afraid to stay here after recent reviews, but was actually content with it. I was there for a conference and got a $199 rate. Considering how expensive Chicago is, I thought this was a good deal for what I got. The hotel is a combo of funky and art deco, a poorer man’s Sofitel and has the same European feel. I thought the room size was large compared to the size of rooms at the Sofitel Water Tower in Chicago (where I have stayed before). I had a king size bed (VERY comfy and nice linens) and the bathroom was new, clean and quite big. I was on the 18th floor and although I was on a lower floor and the train was outside, it was quiet at night. The bottled water in the room (Evian) was free, I had free Internet access for my stay, and there was a complimentary wine tasting each night in the lobby. I found the Concierge extremely friendly and helpful, and this was a great location for going to the theatre or for walking down Michigan Ave to shop.Places to Eat:*The Corner Bakery, which is a block or two down Randolph St from the hotel (breakfast or lunch).*Intelligentsia Coffee is a few blocks further up Randolph St. They were voted by the Wall St Journal as having some of the best coffee in the US.Cons:*The sink was a pedestal so not too much surface area to spread out in the bathroom. Also no make up mirror.*While taking a shower, I could hear the plumbing banging in the walls quite loudly and the water pressure was weak. Also, cold water faucet sometimes ran hot water instead. *The temperature in the room was hard to regulate. I put it down to 59 degrees because nothing higher than that seemed to have an effect. Although cool air did come out of the A/C, it really didn’t seem strong enough to be able to cool down the room (you couldn’t adjust the fan speed). After 2.5 hours, I was able to get it down to 68 degrees, but no cooler. Also, turning it up like this seemed to cause a wet area on the floor near the A/C---looks like it had happened before because the wood there looked a bit warped. Not the best Chicago has to offer, but fine for a night or two.	
Sep 25 2007	Do not let them put you on the 19th floor	The prior reviewers who stayed at Allegro on Labor Day weekend must not have had the same room location we did. We were put on the 19th floor when we checked in on Thursday and had no problems until Saturday night. The 19th floor turns out to be the same floor that the wedding party suite is located on. We were in bed by 11:30 that night, but that is when the party began down the hall. People were entering the hall from the elevator and carrying on like they were the only ones there. We notified the front desk several times and their security was not capable of handling the situation. Our last complaint was met with a solution of us changing our room in the middle of the night and it was apparent of who was more important to them that night. Because the room was rented through another website, they claimed that they could do nothing for us but to offer us credits for a free breakfast and to help with a taxi ride to the airport. I usually have different experiences then most negative posters of a hotel, but I would have to join them in warning you not to stay here if you value being treated well.	
Sep 11 2007 	Thin walls but other than that A+	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Labor Day weekend from Aug 31 to Sept 3, I was nervous as to what to expect from reading the reviews on this site. Well take it from me this hotel is great! Everything was clean and the room isn't that small if you have ever stayed in a NYC hotel. Yes the walls are thin and I could basically hear the conversation in the next room from my bed however I was there to site see and other than sleep and shower didn't really spend allot of time in the hotel. The Hotel is within walking distance to most of the tourist attractions such as Sears Tower, Millennium Park and Magnificent Mile. Also for pizza lovers its a block away from Giordano's and about 6 blocks away from Gino's East. I would reccomemend this hotel to anyone in town to site see and doesn't mind thin walls!	
Sep 4 2007 	Really not so terrible...except for the room service	I was a little nervous about staying here after reading some of the recent bad reviews, but overall we had a decent experience here. It may have helped that our expectations were pretty low after reading all the bad reviews, and we also got a pretty good rate for our room (about $140/night for a room Labor Day Weekend). This was our first time in Chicago so most of the time we were out and not in the room, and for this purpose we were generally pretty happy.Pros: The lobby area is really quite nice and was a welcoming place to return to each day. They offer an abundance of free wine here between 5 and 6. We had a glass one night and while not very good wine, it was free. The room was nicely decorated and did not seem worn/dirty as others have complained about. The bathroom was a little dated but not in such a bad way, but it isn't a luxurious bath if that is what you are after. The staff overall were pleasant. It is very convenient to get here from O'hare...we took the blue line to the hotel which landed us right there. It was in a pretty convenient location for walking to attractions as well. The area is pretty quiet at night which isn't good for some reasons but isn't such a bad thing when it comes to sleep. We did not really hear any noise from other rooms at all as others have complained about and slept well, despite the fact that the hotel seemed to be sold out, there was a wedding one night, and it was a younger crowd staying at the hotel.Cons: There was not too much open in the area surrounding the hotel in the way of restaurants, day or night. If you are looking for restaurants or shops nearby there did not seem to be many, at least that were open. Based on this, the first night there we were very tired after touring the city all day, and it was pretty late, so we decided to get room service. Big mistake. We weren't expecting anything great but the food was so bad. We considered complaining which we really should have because it was practically inedible. On top of that, the person who brought the food did not mention that 18% gratuity was included, even when my husband asked about writing in a tip. He just told him he could go ahead and write it in. We wound up tipping 40%. We realized it shortly after but didn't bother to complain, even though again we probably should have. We also should have read the menu more carefully but still this experience left us feeling pretty old about the place as we spent $60 for horrible bar food and felt cheated by the staff. Only other negative was the view out of our window was of an empty lot/construction site which was pretty ugly.To sum it up, I wouldn't stay here again when visiting Chicago as there are many other options, but I also don't regret staying here. They are in the process of renovating rooms so I anticipate they will be pretty nice once this is done. I think it's worth a stay here for someone new to the city if you can get a good rate. I am pretty picky about hotels and wasn't unhappy here. Just don't order the food.	
Sep 4 2007 	Allegro is just...Ehhh	My wife and I visited Chicago for the Labor Day weekend, and we stayed at the Hotel Allegro from September 1, 2007-September 3, 2007. We got this hotel through a Priceline bid for a decent rate for the holiday weekendAbout us, we are in our mid-twenties and we consider ourselves not too fussy when it comes to accommodations. Our focus when staying somewhere leans more towards location and cleanliness and less towards things like room size and decorations. Overall, The Hotel Allegro has some great things about it, but it does have several areas in which management could focus on trying to improve upon.Getting There:This hotel is real convenient if you happen to be flying into Midway Airport. We try to use public transportation as much as possible when traveling, and it is nice because this hotel is about 2 blocks from the 'El' Station (Orange Line). It costs only $2/person to take the &quot;El&quot; from the airport, a great value when compared to taking a cab.Location:Location is pretty decent. It is in the northern-loop area of Chicago and this part of town is pretty quite in terms of restaurants, bars and clubs compared to the North Michigan Avenue Area, but it is safe. it is about a 10-15 minute walk to N. Michigan where most of the shopping occurs, and about a 35-30 minute walk to Navy Pier. Being in the theatre district, It is also convenient to all the theatres. Check-In:When you first walk into the lobby, it is everything the website portrays. Nice high ceilings, contemporary decorations and furniture, and fire place. We arrived at 11 am and our room was not ready yet. The front-desk staff said to that there is a guaranteed check-in time at 3pm. They did take our bags for us until we could check-in, so we set out to get some lunch and see some of the city. When we returned to the hotel after 3pm to get our room key, this is were the first negative thing occurred. There was a line of about 40 people in the lobby, with only 2 employees checking people in. Despite the check-in time of 3pm, many guests were being turned down saying their rooms were not ready. Many of these guests had dinner plans and theatre tickets for that evening and they needed to get to a room to prepare for their night. The manager came out to make an announcement to all the guests waiting in line. He offered an excuse saying that there was some renovations going on that next day and the housekeeping staff had a hard time preparing the rooms in time. The excuse was weak to me, because what difference does it make if there was renovations going on when compared to any other time where there may be full occupancy at the hotel, the rooms still need to be cleaned for check-in. ahh nevermind. The part that was frustrating is that the manager did nothing to compensate those who could not get rooms. Fortunately, we were lucky enough to have our room ready, so we took our key and went up to the 7th floor where we had a deluxe room with a king size bed.The Room:When the elevator doors opened to our floor, the first thing that we noticed was the strong smell of cigarette smoke. I was baffled at this because their website says the hotel is non-smoking. I thought maybe the smell was the result of several years of patrons smoking, but one time when were getting off of the elevator, there were two guests smoking right by the elevator door! I went on the 8th floor (on above us) to get ice, and it seemed to smell a lot better on that floor for whatever reason. We were able to cope with this, so we didn't ask to have our room changed, but you may want to check with them to ensure your room is on a non-smoking floor.As for other details of the room. The room is worn-down some and the decorations are a bit on the tacky side; however, it was clean (Despite the scent of cigarette smoke). The appearance of the room didn't bother us so much, but for those more particular travelers, this may be an issue. The most noticeable thing is that the room is on the smaller size, again this is an old hotel built in the 1920's, and the rooms weren't designed like the chains that many Americans are use to. Next, the bathroom is VERY small, but it was clean. The shower pressure/temperature was fine and the Aveda personal care products was a bonus. As for the size of the room and bathroom, we were fine with this because we didn't spend much time in the room, but if size is an issue don't book here. Also, it is a bit louder than most hotels, so if you have noisy neighbors and/or you are a light sleeper, I can see how you could complain about this place. One more negative as that the air conditioner was leaking onto the floor on our last night.The bed, linens, and pillows are very comfortable. We had no problems sleeping here.There is a nice desk/workstation where we setup our laptop and used the FREE wireless network (nice perk).Here is where the website embellishes a bit about the room. The TV is not a flat panel TV like I thought, instead it is a normal TV, it just has a flat screen instead of a rounded one. The &quot;Sony Sound System,&quot; that the website says you get is nothing more than a small boom-box. Good things about this hotel:Our favorite part of our stay at this hotel was the free Wine/Beer hour from 5pm-6pm every night. We never missed this, it is a great time to get a few drinks in you prior to heading out on the town for dinner/drinks. Very nice perk to staying here and the wine and beer they have is not too bad. Say hello to Willie the bartender at this event if you attend.The management does make a lot of effort into making themselves visible. You see them at the Wine hour, you see them in the lobby, we even seen them at a coffee bar they set up on our floor. So if there is something wrong, it seems pretty easy to tell someone who can do something about it.Check-Out:Check-out is at 12pm. We checked out and they held our bags for us until it was time to head back to the airport. Check-out was uneventful.OVERALL:Overall the hotel was OK for the price. It is worn down, in need of some updates in the rooms, but despite of these issues minor issues, its great location and personable hotel staff balance out some of the negatives. I don't think I would stay here again, but I wouldn't be too upset if Priceline put me into this hotel. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions about this hotel or things to do while in the Windy City.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great hotel convenient to the trains and restaurants	I was apprehensive after reading some of the more negative reviews of the Hotel Allegro. However, our stay there was without problems and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. The room was not huge but there was plenty of room to move around without bumping into one another. The bathroom was small but well appointed. Overall, it was a clean and interestingly decorated room and we were pleased. Others have complained about being able to clearly hear people in adjacent rooms but we must have lucked out in that way and did not experience that although we could occasionaly hear people talking in the hallway. One other reviewer complained rather bitterly about the area and said that it was dangerous and I can't even begin to understand that as we found it to be extremely safe. The area is also very close to public transportation (we used the trains exclusively) and got around quite well without a car. We would most definetly stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Sep 2 2007 	Location great accomodation ok great value	We spent three nights in the Allegro. What is mentioned in other reviews is true: our room was also quite noisy due to plumbing, the railway but primarily the old and loud minibar. The service was prompt and friendly. The location within chicago is perfect for theatre visits, shopping, dining and business as the hotel is located within the loop. Overall, it was a pleasant stay and we can definitely recommend the Allegro.	
Aug 28 2007 	Dated Hotel	This place had character I'll give it that. But it wasn't really my style.Arrived late in the evening. The first room they gave me the TV didn't work. Maintenance took a look at it, and couldn't figure it out. Told me I'd have to wait until the morning for the electrician. He then passed some gas and left. Real professional. I phoned the front desk on account of the tv, and was able to get another roomThe second room was much like the first. Horrible striped wall paper, dingy, and old worn carpet. Bathroom was incredibly small. Hard to use the toliet without banging into the door, or the sink. Very cramped. The beds weren't very comfortable either. Room temp hard to regulate and the AC somewhat noisy.Location seem very convenient. I was there for a training session about 8 blocks away. But all of the theatres seemed to be near by, if thats what you were there for this place may be tolerable for a night or two.And don't make a long distance phone call from your room without a calling card. It was about $2/minute. I knew it would be expensive but wasn't expecting that type of rate.	
Aug 27 2007 	A little disappointing	We stayed for just the last night of our vacation at the Allegro and it was a little disappointing. I had made the reservation there so as to be convenient for both the Union Station and the El station for our return to the airport. The lobby was spacious and impressive but our room was very small. We barely had room to open our suitcases and still walk round the room! The bathroom was tiny too - and quite uncomfortable. Breakfast was in the restaurant and quite pricey, but nice enough. On the plus side - it was probably the most comfortable bed we slept in all through the vacation! This was our second stay in Chicago in 2 weeks - and I know there are better places to stay!	
Aug 24 2007 	Another cool Kimpton	I've stayed at the Allegro a couple of times. Like the other Kimpton properties, it's a classic old hotel that's been beautifully updated. I found the staff to be cordial, and I really like their corporate culture. They're pet-friendly (although I wasn't travelling with the dog), I got a recycling bin in my room, Aveda products in the bath and they don't clean with toxic chemicals. The rooms aren't huge and the bathrooms aren't what you're going to get at a Hilton. What the Allegro lacks in square footage it more than makes up for in cool. OK, they may be a little pricey, but I'm willing to pay a bit more considering the higher cost of doing business responsibily.	
Aug 17 2007	Really nothing special	I've stayed at this hotel twice now and I hope I can stay somewhere different next time in I'm Chicago. The location is great, no doubt, but my room was tiny and reeked of smoke even though it was supposed to be no smoking. The sink was cracked, the toilet was a relic that made a truly incredible amount of noise and the striped wallpaper all over the place gives me an actual headache. The staff was civil but nothing more, and I hate how the lobby is dark as a cave even on a beautiful sunny day. Other Kimpton hotels do seem to have something special about them, but this one does nothing for me.	
Aug 15 2007 	Loved teh Allegro hotel	We had a very good experience at the Allegro. Good location, excellent staff, nice decoration.	
Aug 15 2007 	Dissappointing Kimpton	I was very excited to stay at a Kimpton property with all their advertised upgrades. This hotel is in no way a 4 star in my opinion. We arrived early and our room was ready which was a pleasant surprise. At the check-in the woman at the desk was not very friendly and I stated that I had pre-paid and had the receipt. She was really not interested and still charged my card for 2 nights until she decided to look for the original paid reservation. She did not tell my friend and I anything about the hotel or where anything was located. For example there is a wine hour from 5-6pm every evening and she didn't bother to tell us or that their was a coffe shop located on the first floor., In our room the carpeting was worn and the bathrooms were aweful! I can't believe that Aveda puts their products there!! The bathroom was tiny and dated. I guess they felt like the dated bathroom could eventually pass for retro!! The room was small with hardly enough room to bring our luggage into the room without throwing it on the beds. The armoire had a tacky mini bar and snack bar. The gift shop was aweful in the lobby and when my friend and I entered the girl working there was asleep with her head on the counter.....I would not reccommend or stay there again.	
Aug 14 2007 	Wasn't Impressed!	During my week in Chicago I stayed at 3 different Hotels in different areas of Chicago. The Allegro Hotel was the only disappointment during the entire trip. Before I made reservations, I called the hotel and asked if the rooms were large enough for 3 people to fit comfortably and the answer was yes, definately. I booked the room for 4 people and even paid a little extra - $249.00 per night thinking that I would get a larger rooms/suites. Let me tell you how small my room was - 2 double beds tight up against each wall with a 3 1/2 ' desk/nightstand in between the beds. The room also had only a 19&quot; TV in an armoire. Very, very small bathroom, pedestal sink - with a small shelf above with hardly any room to put makeup or toiletries. This room was described as being &quot;art deco&quot; and it really wasn't except for a couple lamps. It was just shabby and in need of some &quot;life&quot;. The worst part - My room had a locked adjoining room door. This door was not sound proof at all. I constantly heard my neighbors TV or their conversations and could even heard them using the bathroom and the loud flush of their toilet. I had to leave my TV on low vaolume all night long just to drown out the noise. Somehow my room didn't get cleaned during my 2 night stay - that was OK though since my expectations were now so low. We made our own beds and just requested towels and toiletries. To be fair, the hotel is clean, in a fun area and has pleasant employees. It has a grand lobby, restaurant and wine/beer reception. However, I don't get too many vacations and when I do I want what I asked for and paid for. I found this hotel a big disappointment.	
Aug 13 2007 	Overall good experience	Our overall experience was pretty good. Our train came in before check-in time. They were able to get us in a little early, and I was glad because I wasn't feeling well and needed to lie down.The location was awesome. 2 blocks from our show at Wicked, (which was awesome!) and close to State Street for shopping.The lobby decor was very nice. Our Room was cheery looking, but you could tell they were older. The bed was very comfortable.The bathroom was really tiny, which was okay with the exception that there was only a small ledge for toiletries. A bigger vanity counter would have been helpful.The air conditioner could not be adusted. Most of the time it was okay as we weren't in the room that much, but at times when it got a little stuffy, it would have been nice to be cool the room off. When I told the desk clerk about it, she didn't seem at all surprised by it.The Concierge was a little arrogant, we thought. Rolling his eyes at us when we asked him about restaurants before the theater....how are we supppose to know reservations should be made? Then, supposedly, you can have all the Tootsie Rolls you want, but the dish never was stocked really well. (Guess we didn't need the candy that bad...it's just the principle of it.)Overall, It was a good place to stay. Close to everything we wanted to do. We got a deal on it for $100/night, so I think we got our money's worth. Not sure I'd spend $250/night to stay there, though.	
Aug 13 2007 	Rough Start @ Allegro	Had several rooms booked @ the Allegro for a family reunion. We arrived early, not expecting any rooms to be ready, but mainly to drop off luggage. For our immediate family, there were 3 rooms ready, but on different floors. That was fine with me, but another family member didn't want that. Now we had to wait. I left &amp; came back to the hotel around 2:30. I wanted to know if my room was ready and was told that the computers were down, so even if it was ready, I couldn't check in. Around 2:50, the computers were back up, but my room wouldn't be available until around 3:15, 3:20. This frazzled me even more because if check in is @ 3, every available room in the hotel should be ready. The lobby was crowded &amp; I had to go to the end of the line each time.I had read reviews about Allegro before our trip, and was not looking forward to our stay, but when we opened the door to our suite, all frustration left. The rooms were beautiful. The bathroom had a fabulous whirlpool tub. Plenty of space throughout. I visited a regular room, and I think I could have stayed comfortably in that also. Rooms are not as big as the newer, more modern hotels, but when traveling, most people are using the rooms to sleep. The bathrooms in the regular rooms were quite small though. Overall, the hotel is beautiful, and I would recommend it to anyone. You just have to remember that it is an older hotel &amp; the rooms are not mega. The two negatives are check in, which I might have come on a bad day (there was a wedding going on). And #2, the parking garage is around the corner &amp; across the street. It was a little scary for me to be in there, especially after dark, and you have to walk up/down a long ramp to enter/exit.	
Aug 12 2007 	Stay very far away from this hotel	I am a HUGE Kimpton fan and this hotel may look like a Kimpton from the pictures, but it is nothing like it. Most Kimptons are funky cool boutique hotels. This one is a very old hotel with worn carpet and wallpaper. The bathroom is very tiny with dated fixtures.The 19th floor has some sort of equipment in the ceiling (on the east side of the hotel) that creates an extremely loud buzzing sound in the hallway and nearby rooms. It was impossible to stay in that room and so moved to another.But the worst is the paper thin walls, as has been noted in other reviews. I can hear the person above me peeing, creaking the bed when they sit on it, etc.Tonight is Saturday and management allowed the all the rooms on the other end of the 19th floor including the very large suite to be reserved by a large group who at this writing at 1:37am has turned th suite into a nightclub, complete with loud music, singing, etc. I am in the room below the suite. Needless to say, I am awake due to the noise. The management said they tried to keep all of the group to one end of the hall to &quot;minimize the noise.&quot;C'mon....who books a large group who has said they are throwing a party IN THEIR ROOM?? Crazy.Stay at other Kimptons, but stay far far far away from this one.	
Aug 10 2007 	This place should be condemned!	The Hotel Allegro is definitely a hotel that I will avoid when traveling to Chicago. Some of the good things about the hotel is its location and it also allows guests to bring their dogs with them. Perhaps if you are traveling with your pet and you do not have any other options, this would be a good spot for you. In addition, none of the Aveda bath products in the world could compensate for how terrible this establishment is. When a hotel charges well over $200 a night for a room, a guest expects accommodations that are not similar to a one star motel.When we arrived at the hotel, I was told that the king room that I reserved and paid for in advance was unavailable and I was placed in a queen room. The room was extremely small. The bathroom was so small that it was impossible to shut the door if you were sitting on the toilet. I requested to change rooms and was told to call back at 4:00. I called at that time and was placed on hold for over an hour. This was the first of many times that I would be placed on hold for hours and/or be unable to contact anyone that works in the hotel.When I finally was able to speak with someone, I was told that I could move to the king room that I had originally reserved. We waited for a bellhop (as I was told to do so by the front desk), but after forty-five minutes, no one showed up. We decided to move our own stuff (which I would have preferred to do anyway). During this move, we got stuck in the elevator for several minutes. When I brought this to the management’s attention, I was told, “It is just not your day huh?” After escaping the elevator, we moved into the king room which was much bigger, but still on the small side.The armoire to hold your clothing was unable to hold more than a day’s worth of clothes and I think it might have been made for small people because the bar to hang the clothes on was low and therefore, the clothes dragged on the bottom of it. If you are not traveling by yourself, you will definitely not have enough hangers or space to put your things.Next, I turn the shower on and undress my daughter to give her a bath. I go to the bathroom and the entire thing is FLOODED!! I call the front desk and NO ONE picks up!! My husband went downstairs to find a maintenance man and by the time he came upstairs to fix the problem, still no one had picked up at the front desk. After he fixed the plumbing issue, housekeeping was sent to dry up the inches of water. I had to BEG them to please wipe the floor and tub down with disinfectant because the maintenance man had tracked his dirty work boots all over the tub and bathroom floor. The housekeeping staff could not understand why I thought this was important.We ordered room service one of the nights – the hotel takes the liberty of adding almost twenty dollars to your bill with its service charges and inclusive gratuities. The menu is very limited and it is certainly not worth it with all of the surcharges. When I called to have room service pick up the table after we were done eating, I was told to place it outside the door and someone would come to take it away. I put it outside at 8:00 P.M. and no one came to get it until about 9:00 A.M. the following morning. In the event of an emergency, this would have been a serious problem because the table was blocking the door for HOURS.The walls are paper-thin and you can hear all of your neighbors and their dogs clearly through the walls. The plumbing is also very loud and whenever a guest uses the toilet or shower, the pipes are very noisy in the room. The décor looks like a bunch of things thrown together for the sake of being able to purchase leftovers at a bargain price and then promoted under the guise of an art deco boutique hotel experience. Besides being hideous to look at, all of it was worn and needs to be renovated. For a king bed, you only get two pillows. The room is only stocked with two bath towels. Each day I had to continually request additional towels to be brought to my room. I am not sure if this is a gimmick to get tips on the part of the housekeeping staff. The rug in the hotel room and in the hallways was stained and had visible grime.  The manager was very nice each time I had an issue. It is a shame that such a quality manager has to work under such deplorable conditions. He explained that the hotel is going to be renovated and that is why there are all of these problems. He also told us that they are short on staff and that is why it is difficult to reach anyone on the phone during peak and regular business hours.I have completed the guest survey that was sent to me via email regarding my stay at the hotel. I indicated all of the above conditions that I mentioned in my review and I have not heard a single word back from the place. I guess that survey was just an additional way the hotel adds insult to injury. This is the second time that I have stayed at a Kimpton hotel and they can keep their Kimpton experience because it is absolutely the worst! I have learned my lesson and will not deal with this chain ever again.	
Aug 8 2007 	Average to better than average	We were not real impressed with the decor of the hotel, it was Art Deco style. Location was great right in the loop and close to public transportation. The room was a little on the small side. The room was quiet except for the loud plumbing when toilets were flushed in other rooms. The room temperature was difficult to regulate and the bed had a sheet and a down comforter on it. Only 2 pillows for a king size bed too. Room was clean and service was nice. Complimentry wine reception in the evenings in the large lobby/lounge was a nice touch. Little high priced at $200+ per night.	
Jul 26 2007 	1 bedroom suite great choice	Just came back from a 4-night stay at Hotel Allegro in Chicago. It was our first time to the city and we choose this hotel based on other stays with the same group. We had reserved the King suite room with 2 person jacquzzi and the room meeted our expectations. Size was not a concern, as we had a seperate bedroom and living quarters so don't know how small the other rooms are in comparison. The lobby was beautiful, very modern and chic and did not entirely match room decor but none the less room was clean. The only shabby thing about our room was the condition of the 2 person tub, did not look the most appealing to soak in so needless to say didn't take advantage of that. Location is great central to most things and def. walking distance to most city attractions. I would definitly stay there again, probably in a suite again instead of a single room.We do travel alot and when we are in a new city with lots to see and do we look for a hotel that is clean and located in a great area. Allegro had both.	
Jul 21 2007	Fantastic location at a good price	We chose this hotel partly because we had such a great experience with the Kimpton Argonaut in San Francisco. Our main priority was location as we wanted to make the most of Chicago while we were there. Kimpton has 3 hotels I think in Chicago and certainly when we were searching for a room this one was the cheapest.First of all the downside, the rooms are beginning to show their age and although our room had a decent view over the Loop our friend's room had a brick wall directly outside the window making it very gloomy and dark. I can also confirm what other reviews have said that the size of the rooms are more to a UK standard than US. The storage room and hanging facilities (for clothes - not people) seem to have been given up for a full size ironing board which is probably the most frustrating part of the room we had (1727), meant to have a word with them about this but forgot. The carpet was slightly shabby but everything was very clean and tidy and as far as we're concerned that's the main thing in any hotel.The staff are brilliant and on the couple of occasions we needed them to sort something out they did so immediately and with a smile. Our friends were moved to another room and the tap washer that went in our room was mended promptly. The restaurant attached to the hotel (312) has a good menu and the food is well cooked. Can't say the service was brilliant anywhere we went in Chicago and speedwise this was no different but the waiters are friendly and everyone is happy to oblige at this hotel.The Upside - location, location, location! Right in the theatre district next to the Cadillac Palace hotel, max 20 mins walk from the Chicago Cultural Center (get yourself a FREE Chicago Greeter and get a personalised tour of Chicago). 20 mins from Millenium Park and about 30 mins stroll to the House of Blues and the river Architecture Tour (do this!).Just a final note - if you don't like the colour orange this hotel may not be the one for you as the rooms are VERY orange. On the other hand if you want a friendly, albeit slightly ageing hotel in the centre of Chicago at a reasonable price stay here. Would we go back to Chicago? - definitely. Would we go back to this hotel? - definitely, for the location if nothing else.	
Jul 16 2007	Not Worth Your Money	We stayed at Hotel Allegro for 3 nights in June of 2007. The good points: The location is ideal. Close to everything. The staff were generally very nice and helpful. In particular , the concierge. The not so wonderful points: The first impression you will get when you enter is &quot;wow&quot;! My husband and I were really impressed with the lobby. We could not wait to see our room. We were able to check in early and took a &quot;queen&quot; bed room instead of a king room. The room was so small and the bed even smaller. The bed was certainly a full. So, we asked to wait and move to a king size room ( the hotel was very accomodating with this request). Our new room was bigger (with a King bed) but just not worth the money. We found it old and dirty. In particular, the chocolate smudged into our carpet and the food on the ceiling. The decor was trying to be boutique-like but it wasn't close. The bathroom was REALLY old and the pipes clanged every time we turned the water on/off. The bed had only two sleeping pillows and the room temperature did not go below 70 degrees. Our TV broke 3 times so that was a little irritating. However, the gentlemen sent to fix the TV were very nice and professional. We ordered room service (desert) and the cookie platter was missing two cookie flavors that were indicated on the menu. Overall, we are NOT picky people but we do travel quite often and can compare this Hotel to dozens of other and it is just not worth the money. Do not be deceived by the pictures on the website or the Lobby.	
Jul 16 2007 	Substandard	The website for this hotel looked great, we were excited to stay at what looked like an awesome hotel in the loop district of Chicago. I could not believe it when they checked us into a room where the carpet was soaking wet from a recent shampoo. We kept our shoes on, called the front desk, and were placed on hold for several minutes and bounced back to the operator twice. Finally, she took a message about our need to change to a room with a DRY carpet that did not smell, however by the time the front desk staff called back we were off to our event and it was too late. We also requested a room away from the elevators on the Allegro's thorough web page, and were given a room immediately next to the elevator shafts. The rooms were nicely decorated, but no Aveda toiletries, wireless web, or other modern amenities could hide the fact that the hotel fixtures were old and not completely refurbished. This hotel has potential but the service &amp; rooms need to be revamped.	
Jul 13 2007 	Great Location	This hotel has a great location, very close to every place we needed to be. It is a little bit older, the lobby doesn't really show it, but the rooms do. The beds were comfortable though, and like I said, the location was what will really do it for you.	
Jul 9 2007	Terrible Hotel -- Do NOT Recommend!	I was very disappointed with the Hotel Allegro. The rooms are far more shabby than chic -- dirty walls, hole in ceiling, stained and dirty carpet, broken furniture, and very small. We also discovered a large black bug in our bed the second morning!Furthermore, the staff was very disagreeable. We stayed there because we were invited to a wedding on the premises. The staff would not honor the wedding room rate due to the fact that the hotel only reserved so many king rooms, and those rooms were reserved by the bride's family. As a result, they tried to force me to book a room with two double beds at a higher rate. Then, when we arrived at the hotel, they tried to charge me the wrong rate again. There was very little we enjoyed about our stay, and we will make sure to avoid Kimpton hotels in the future.	
Jun 22 2007 	Great for pets!	We brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time. Small rooms, but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene. Lots of interesting amenities in the room. Convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping. Really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone. Lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere. Watch out: The concierge (like all concierges at big hotels) will direct you to mediocre, large restaurants where they get kickbacks.We have stayed here several times and I always check for rooms here when I travel to Chicago. However, the hotel is often full so book early.	
Jun 22 2007 	Nice hotel	We stayed here for a 3 night business trip. The hotel is located towards the west side of downtown. You can walk to things, but it does add a few blocks. The decor is &quot;retro;&quot; kind of like &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; which I like. Our room and bath was small but adequate; this obviously is an older building. The woodwork paint and wallpaper could use some updating. Lighting was dim. The bed was comfortable; the towels fluffy. The staff was competent but no one wanted to look up my Kimpton member number after being asked twice. The concierge was great! I had no problems during my stay, but definitely enjoyed last year's stay at the sister hotel Monaco much more.	
Jun 20 2007	Far Below Par	We generally love Kimpton Hotels, but this was a far below par experience. Service was poor, hotel staff was rude, parking service was the worst I have experienced, decor was ugly not unique, and amenities like robes, slippers, makeup mirrors, in room safe, etc were unavailable. The location is also bad. Definitely not worth the $250/night.	
Jun 17 2007	Snub-nosed Customer Service	I booked my hotel room (which I'm sitting in right now) over the phone with a corporate credit card held by my boss. When I checked in, they demanded that I show a physical card, despite holding it over the phone with that number previously. After a slew of dead-end calls to co-workers on Father's Day Sunday, I was able to reach someone with a corporate card and got the info. I was then told that I would need a copy of the card and an authorization form via fax. Only after one of my superiors spoke with the check-in clerk would she allow me to check into the room that I had already booked via phone. Then I was just handed a key card, with absolutely no &quot;Sorry&quot; or &quot;Thank You&quot; and no information or guidance. I had to explicitly ask how to get to my room.Appalling.And, by the way, the &quot;sound system&quot; included with the room is a CD and cassette boombox.	
Jun 13 2007	Return to Allegro every time I'm in Chicago!	I love this hotel! While the decor may not be for everyone, there are plently of options for those wanting run-of-the-mill, boring ambiance. This place is for those who want something fun, exciting, and different. Pink and black and animal prints abound in the rooms. Amenities in rooms (while they are small) include Aveda toiletries, coffee, relaxing CDs and yoga equipment, very comfy down comforters, and plenty of pillows. There is a wine hour in the lobby (which is georgeous!) and the staff is very helpful, including those at the check-in desk and the concierge. It is within walking distance to Michigan Ave/Magnificant Mile and to public transportation options. We come from Indiana and take the South Shore Line into Chicago, so we don't have to drive or pay high parking rates since it's not necessary to drive around here. The other plus is that this hotel is pet-friendly on certain floors. So, if you're not so &quot;pet-friendly&quot;, don't worry because they are only in certain areas. For those of us who are, it's great because the hotel provided my dog with a welcome goody basket and leash, crate with leopard print bed, and there are a lot of options for dog day care or puppy pampering!Overall, great hotel, great location. The regular rates can be a little high, but Kimpton Hotels (the group that Allegro is part of) offers Hot Dates, Great Rates where the price is significantly lower. I have only booked through them, because there are some perks for being a repeat customer through their website and the rates don't differ from sites like hotels.com that I have found.	
Jun 4 2007 	Poorest of the Kimptons	As I sit here in my 14th floor room at the hotel Allegro, I listen to the conversation between husband and wife in the room on my left. She seems to have a cough today. In the room on my right, someone seems to use the restroom quite a bit. I hear the water running and the toilet flushing. I also hear footsteps in the room upstairs. Even roadside motels have better insulation between the rooms.I've stayed in about a dozen Kimpton hotels and this is by far the worst. The room is dirty - the carpet covered in spots and stains, the curtains with a large brown stain (I don't want to guess what it is), paint peeling, rips in the wallpaper. The decor is a bit garish, with Pepto-Bismol covered walls, green and yellow pillows and the filthy brown and white carpet. The size of the room is fine and the bed comfortable, but I'm so glad I had earplugs to avoid listening to others' toilets flushing all night. The location is good for downtown theaters or business. Only three elevators serve this 17+ storey building and they run very slowly.Chicago has many nice hotel options – many I’ve enjoyed quite a bit. Unfortunately this is not one of them, and even more unfortunate for me: I'm stuck here for two more nights. I was looking forward to staying here because most Kimptons are hip, comfortable and attractive. This is not.	
Jun 3 2007	Dated Hotel and Overated	I liked the decoration on the second floor lobby but the hallway on room floors is like Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. It is surreal almost with black and white stripped wallpaper. Nothing worked in my roon - TV and airconditioning. Had to call the TV repairman come to fix it. The airconditioning stinks - you can't control the temperature - it's controlled from a computer by the Maintenance Manager and all rooms are stuck with the same temperature. The bathroom is very dated and it looks like it is falling apart with plaster coming off. Forget about the ice machines too. They didn't dispense ice. The bed I had had only two pillows. Sure I could have called for more which I need but I felt this hotel lives off of its name and delivers a cheap product but expects you to pay big $$$. Not recommending this place!	
May 9 2007 	Great value!	Very nice hotel. Free wine hour was great, concierge - Mark- very knowledgable and helpful. He helped with transit schedules and made dinner reservations. Desk staff was great too - even saved us a glass of wine when we were almost late for wine hour! Yes, hotel was a bit older, but maintained well. Bathroom was small. We requested a larger room (4 women!) and were very comfortable. Didn't spend much time in the room - too busy seeing the city! No problems with noise, etc. Wireless internet in room, but it was slooooww. TV was a bit small for how far away from the bed it was - but who cares? We dropped into bed exhausted. We'd stay there again. Very close to theatres, we walked to Wicked at the Ford Theatre. Right next door to the Cadillac Theater (Color Purple). Felt safe walking at night as well, walked a couple blocks each night to dinner.	
May 4 2007 	Great hotel in Chicago!	I had a great time here! It is centerally located in Chicago so walking around is so easy and pleasent. The staff was amazing and very helpful! Parking was a bit steep, but to be expected. The room was very nice and the bed and linens were very confortable. The yoga mat rental was wonderful as well! Wonderful and relaxing experience overall.	
May 2 2007 	Great Theater Hotel	We chose this hotel because we were attending a show at the Cadillac Palace Theater which is next door. There is a parking garage across the street $32.00 for 24 hours which is cheaper than valet. The property overall is very nice. We had reqested a quiet room on a higher floor away from the elevator. We ended up next to the elevator on the fifth floor room 519. The hotel had no plasma tv as advertised, what they did have was a tv with one channel and no remote. As one of the other TripAdvisor members had mentioned the plumbing is noisy. From 5 to 6 in the evening the hotel has free wine and beer in the lobby which is a nice touch. We arrived well before the 3pm check in and our room was ready. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. The bathrooms are small but had a great shower and the rosemary mint shampoo was great. If you are going to the theater I would stay here and try to get a room off the street on a higher floor.	
May 1 2007	Wonderful Hotel in Theater District	My husband and I stayed for the weekend to see a play (the theater was right next door) and to see a ball game. We could not have been more pleased with the service and staff. Yes, the rooms are not as large as some hotels but this is an older hotel refurbished and is clean and neat and attractive. The bath is stocked with &quot;extras&quot; and the bedding is lush.The staff was wonderful from check-in to checking out. The concierge, Mark, was great. He was very knowledgeable and obtained us tickets to the ball game at the very last minute (good ones). We did not have to wonder about any tourist things to do, everything was explained in detail and help given when needed. It was a great trip, made better by the service. You can always pay more for a larger, newer hotel but you will find no better service anywhere.	
May 1 2007 	Stylish 	Stylish deco Chicago place, fun murals. Small but comfortable room. Good Herman Miller chair at the desk for working and free fast wireless in the rooms. Very convenient to the Loop El. Friendly efficient staff at check in. Happy hour with free drinks 5-6 in big (2nd floor) lobby with lots of big overstuffed couches and chairs for hanging out in.Eco Friendly? Wellll... kind of. Definitely mass transit friendly and centrally located and they'll avoid changing the sheets and towels every day if you want, and there is a fine organic and local restaurant (312 Chicago with lots of meat and sefood and a few good veggie options) next door. But still all incandescent light bulbs and regular showerhead. And the thermostat was chilling the room to 60 (!) when i arrived.	
Apr 19 2007 	treated like a star	Recently stayed here ... from check-in to check-out service was excellent. room was small but clean (above average) and bathroom small but clean. Hotel is old as evidence by the loud plumbing pipes (one night it seemed like everyone was flushing all night long) but that would be the only complaint. location is great if a little off the beaten path. Would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 6 2007 	Comfortable hotel in downtown Chicago	I stayed here for a weekend to attend a wedding in Chicago, so I had a special rate that was still a little pricey. This hotel had boutique elements, but it was a little too subdued and midwestern-y for my tastes. The room was comfortable, and the bathroom was nice - the whole experience was a little non-descript, especially after coming from a much classier hotel experience in New York City (at the Bryant Park). I know, apples to oranges, but I still couldn't stop myself from comparing the hotels.The location is very good for downtown Chicago and for being able to easily catch taxis and walk to the subway. There's also a nice bar on the ground floor. The best thing at this hotel is that they gave my friend and her fiance a free breakfast when I told reception it was their wedding. That was nice!	
Mar 2 2007 	A bit disappointing	I stayed here for two nights in February as a break in a cross country train journey from LA to New York (and it is a pity I can't review the Amtrak sleeper as it was brilliant).Anway, the Allegro just didn't do it for me. The service was snarly and it was little things that let it down. At check in we were advised that we were in a king room on a smoking floor. I had requested a twin room on a non-smoking floor and had the confirmation to prove it. I produced the conformation upon request stating that I had booked a twin. From there on the check in process was brutally cold and seemed to drag on forever and involved two people who kept looking at me like I had just ruined their lives.The room was okay except for 4 things.We were on one side of an adjoining room. I don't really want to know what was going on the other side but whatever it was it was incredibly noisy and went on for a long period of time. It sounded like a group of witches and wizards were performing pagan rituals!Secondly, the toilet flush from the floor above produced a roaring sound that was quite interesting the first time but proved capable of waking me from the deepest of sleep.Thirdly, I had to make a call to Australia and as it as snowing outside and was bitterley cold I foolishly decided to use the hotel phone. I know only idiots use hotel phones but I was still shocked to discover that my less than one minute call cost $32.00. Finally, the room service, which we used for a late night snack, was just garbage. The server was obviously disatisfied with her tip as she stood there looking at it for a number of seconds before storming off (it was a perfectly normal tip too). Given the quality and time it took no tip would have been more appropriate.I have stayed at way cheaper places in Chicago (eg. Essex Inn) and come away much more satisfied.	
Mar 1 2007 	Just the right speed!	What a treat the Allegro Hotel in Chicago is! We were fortunate enough to book with a TravelZoo rate, but even regular price is worthwhile at this hotel.The staff was gracious from the welcome to the wave good-bye. The room was spacious, with TWO full bathrooms, complete with Aveda products.The wine bar in the evening and the bananas and muffins in the mornings were an added treat. Moreover, the seating area for the free wine hour was more than ample and comfortable.The hotel is close to the subway and centrally located in the Loop. Whether out for theater, dinner, or drinks, the Allegro has the right pace and is the right place to stay.And to top it all off, free wi-fi in the room!Enjoy your stay at the Allegro, we did!	
Feb 13 2007 	Allegro Hotel is wonderful	The Allegro is a wonderful hotel right in the heart of the Chicago theater district, but steps from the Loop. The decor is art deco with bright flamboyant colorsWe stayed with our two kids when we went to see a show. They loved it as well. We had a suite with a fold out couch, and a two person tub! Very plush, but funky at the same time. Staff is friendly, and the lobby is beautiful.Try their sister hotel, The Hotel Burnham near the flagship Marshall Fields/Macy's store. Also beautiful.	
Feb 11 2007	Great Hotel! Highly recommend!	Booked via Priceline.com for a weekend getaway and got the room for $75 per night. When we arrived via Midway we took the Orange Line to within a block of the hotel for just $2. Hotel easy to find.Never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood/area. Saw very few homeless or panhandlers. Walked all over the place. Great location and hotel is about a $5-$6 cab ride from most major attractions/shopping/restaurants.Hotel is almost gawdy with colors/decor, but it's not that different from a cruise ship decor. It was not annoying decor by any means. Check in was painless and the service was great! Heard NO noise whatsoever...the reports of &quot;thin walls&quot; are greatly exaggerated. The walls are all concrete and thick...we heard NOTHING both nights we were there!Highly recommend this hotel! Rooms are small but not crowded for two people...they are old style hotel rooms..very classic	
Feb 10 2007 	Too Much for Too Little	I stayed at the Allegro Hotel while interviewing for a position in Chicago. I read the reviews and they were mixed, but since the property was suggested by the organization (due to location), I booked a room. True to the reviews, the room was extremely small, was cold (the heater blew in cold air in -2 degree weather), and just generally uncomfortable. There was no closet so I hung my suit on the doorknob of the door of the adjoining room. The bathroom was extremely small and although tidy, not especially clean (it was dusty). The bed (which was supposed to be a queen but was really a full) was quite low and the sheets were hard. Because I arrived late, I ordered room service. There was so little space in the room that the wait staff had to approach the desk/table sideways. Although there is free wireless (a plus), I kept getting kicked out of the system and had to, no lie, reconnect on-line a record 16 times. Finally, to top it all off, the television stopped working just a little before midnight. I was only there for one evening (not even 12 hours) but that was enough for me. This is supposed to be a 4 star boutique hotel but I've stayed at better 2 star properties.On the positive side, the staff is nice and friendly, the food is reasonably good, and the lobby is really vibrant. There is a martini bar (although as I was coming in, a hotel guest was complaining about it being unsually smokey) that looked interesting. Overall though, not the best stay I've had. I won't be staying again.	
Feb 6 2007	So many extras	Wonderful intimate hotel. Large rooms and we had two baths in a standard room! Room service was immediate and perfect. There was a well stocked mini bar and Aveda amenities. The restaurant was wonderful especially for the $9.95 breakfast. The lobby is a wonderful blend of funky and elegant with a breakfast bar. BUT THE STAFF and the friendly and helpfulness was the best,	
Feb 4 2007 	So cute for a big hotel!	We greatly enjoyed the Allegro: nice location in the loop, novel theater-themed decor, restaurant equally good for breakfast, dinner, or drinks, excellent help by the concierge.	
Jan 30 2007 	Not the Greatest--prefer the Burnham	I stayed here in April 2006 after not being able to get a room at The Burnham down the street. I was told this hotel was a few blocks away, but boy what a difference those few blocks make!I was travelling on a business trip and was joined in Chicago by 79 year old mother. When we arrived there was no one to help with luggage--no one at the front door at all. Since the Lobby is one flight up--yes, there are elevators--we had to manage the luggage ourselves. We NEVER saw someone at the door during the two nights we were there. No one to help with cabs nothing. Apparently there was someone during the evening but he was busy getting cabs for the people at the Theatre next door.The staff was nice although they had trouble finding the reservation and did not know that I was a member of Kimpton's loyalty program and I had to give them my number twice.Our room was nice but had not been cleaned properly. There were many takeout containers in the fridge, garbage in the wastepaper baskets--including food. The desk hadn't been wiped down and was covered with something sticky. When I went down to let them know thay said they would take care of it and we went out to shop. When we returned, the fridge had been cleaned but the bathroom (which we hadn't seen) had empty beer cans in the sink and the tub was filthy! Fortunately we went out for dinner I stopped at the desk to let them know and they did take care of it although the desk was never wiped. Made me feel the room was rather dingy.My main concern with this hotel is the area. The hotel used to be a big tourist hotel as it is next to a Theatre. After the Theatre gets out for the evening, all the cabs are tied up for about a half and hour and then the area gets creepy--lots of homless wandering around within this block. Honestly I felt the area was unsafe. Two other business colleague--one travelling from London also stayed here at the same time for the same meeting and one, a woman travelling alone, actually checked out early and went to another hotel. The other, an older English gentleman (who travels all over the world) remarked that he felt that the neighborhood was run down as well and he was disappointed that there was no one at the hotel front door. We made it a point to share cabs back.It was also a bit noisy as the walls are a bit thin so banging doors when people get back for the night and in the early am are the norm. As I was one of the people going in and out it didn't bother me but I could see how people not travelling on business would be bothered. All in all this hotel, although cheaper than the other Chicago Kimpton hotels was not a great experience. If on a tight budget its o.k. but be careful!!	
Jan 26 2007 	Ok but not what we wanted	We arrived at Allegro on a Monday evening. The doormen were wonderful and were very polite and helpful during our entire stay. Check in went fairly smoothly, although the woman who was checking us in didn't seem to know anything about the city or the hotel. We paid $189/night for our room when all the other websites listed the hotel at $178. We asked the front desk about their price matching and after a long, blank stare, the clerk informed us that the rate we got was the &quot;Best Available&quot; and that they would not change the rate. Hmmm. That's not what the website says, but ok. I was supposed to be attending a taping of the Oprah show at 7 the next morning. We asked the front desk clerk if she could tell us how far the studio is from the hotel. Again, blank stare. We tried to ask her if she knew what time I should catch a cab. She said 6am. It didn't sound right to me, so I am glad I checked with the doormen later. (The studio is only 2 miles away.)We finally went up to our room. Room 725. It was pink and the decor was pretty cute. We liked it. HOWEVER, the biggest problem with the room is the lack of horizontal surfaces. There is absolutely nowhere to put your stuff. There is a tiny nightstand, a vary small desk that barely had room for a single laptop because it also had a phone, lamp, and all of the hotel books and brochures on top of it. There was only one chair in the room and no vanity at all in the bathroom. It would have been fine if there had been only one of us or if the two of us had only stayed overnight. For a 4 night stay, it was uncomfortable. There was also no closet. Not even the small one everyone else mentions. No closet at all. The size of the room did not bother us. It was comparable to a Westin or Hilton with a king bed. It just seemed unfurnished. The bathroom was average size but the tub was incredibly tiny. The bed was very hard and the pillows were very small. The down comforter was nice, but the sheets were not soft. There was no place to put the plugged-in coffee pot, so we ended up having to set it on the lid of the closed toilet in the bathroom.Lucy, the bartender in the Encore Lounge, was fabulous. We went to see her every evening while we were there. She was excellent and she will take great care of you. I had lunch at Encore one day and ordered a Philly Cheese Steak. Their portions are HUGE. My sandwich probably would have served 3 people. One morning, I ordered an American Breakfast from room service. Again, enormous portions. 2 eggs, about 8 pieces of bacon, 4 pieces of toast, at least 2 servings of hashbrowns, a pot of coffee, a large glass of orange juice, and fresh fruit. It would have easily fed two people. The pancakes I ordered another day were a bit more reasonable - 3 pancakes and 3 sausage links. The pancakes do come covered with powdered sugar, but I requested mine without.The concierge service was great. I do not remember their names, but my husband and I were calling them Anderson Cooper and Mario Lopez. They gave us very detailed directions on how to get around town and also made dinner reservations for us. They were nice to chat with and were very helpful.We took part in the wine reception every evening. If you plan to attend, be sure to bring your room key. They offer two wines and also bottled water.Aside from the front desk staff, all of the other hotel staff were very helpful and polite. The hotel was nice, but not what we expected. We wanted to stay at a boutique hotel but in hindsight, we should have stuck with the Westin or comparable for the same price. I would not stay at the Allegro again, but I would love to try any of the other Kimpton properties.	
Jan 16 2007	Fun place	My mother &amp; I booked a night at Hotel Allegro right before Christmas. We were delighted to find that we were only a few blocks from the Macy's Christmas storefront &amp; the excellent Christkringel market. It was also an easy walk from Michigan Ave &amp; all the wonderful shopping there. The price was great for Chicago (even with the $30 parking). The online reservation system was simple to use and easy to change our reservation when we needed to reschedule for a different day. Service was wonderful - from the Valet parking to the check-in &amp; out (took mere seconds). The beds were very comfortable, the avedo products were a nice bonus, &amp; the decor was fun - how often can you stay in a pink/green/brown/yellow/black room with stripes/checks/triangles/diamonds,etc...? We weren't impressed with the attached restaurant - I would recommend eating somewhere else.	
Jan 15 2007 	IIt's my Kind of Hotel....	Chicago was my 3rd stop of a five-week tour of the States, and I have to say I wasn't disappointed, least of all by my accomodation at the Hotel Allegro.A friendly welcome from the front desk staff, who were courteous and helpful throughout my 4-night stay, pleasant concierge staff, and great room service. Yes the rooms are on the small side but who cares when there's so much to see and do outside! Frankly, my room was more than adequate for my needs, well-furnished and and an excellent bathroom more than satisifed my expectations.I am definitely returning to Chicago and will have no hesitation in staying at this hotel again.	
Jan 4 2007	The Allegro Hotel	We stayed at the Allegro and had a fantastic time. It has bags of personality and the little touches make all the difference!Drinks in the lobby with the Manager early evening made you feel really welcome, with the fire blazing and the Christmas decorations made it feel really festive.I would definately return.	
Jan 2 2007 	Perfect for long weekends	Booked this room on hotwire, i had never got a &quot;botique&quot; hotel, but i was very impressed. Paid about $100/night, which for downtown Chicago is fabulous. Inside of the hotel is beautiful, they have a first class check in and concierge. And even free wine at happy hour!!Rooms were very nice and very clean, the only problem was they were a little small, though this is what you should expect at an older place.	
Dec 30 2006 	Very accomodating	Arrived at 11am on Thanksgiving Day (that's the time the train arrives from Memphis) and was allowed to check in immediately - no waiting in the lobby. Also they provided me with a list of resturants which were open that day. Very nice decor and the room was one of the nicest I've stayed in whilst visiting the US.	
Dec 14 2006	Nice room	We wanted to check in at 4:30 p.m. after driving all day - and the room wasn't ready. We had to sit and wait in the lobby until they let us in. When I said something about it - got excuses and no apology. Room was nice, lobby beautiful -	
Dec 4 2006 	Not bad but some room for improvement	I don't know when this hotel was last renovated, but like some other reviewers I felt that it was beginning to look a little tired, especially in the bathroom. I would also have to echo the complaint about cleaning: there were a number of things in the carpet that appeared to have come in on the bottom of someone's shoe, a situation that could easily have been avoided if someone had passed a vacuum around the room before my arrival.My only other complaint was about breakfast, which is only available in the restaurant after 7am. I was travelling on business and had early meetings on 2 of the 3 mornings that I was at the Allegro, meaning that I was forced to eat my breakfast at the coffee bar in the lobby, from plastic plates and paper cups. Most hotels of this supposed standard offer breakfast from 6am, and it doesn't seem too much to ask the Allegro to do the same.On the plus side, however, I thought that the room was a good size, and, unlike some others, I didn't object to the pink decor. The staff were all absolutely charming, and seemed eager to do all they could to make my stay as comfortable as possible(except, perhaps, vacuum the carpet).I don't think that this hotel offers particularly good value for money, but as I was charging my stay to my company, that was not an issue for me, and all-in-all I had a reasonably pleasant stay.	
Nov 17 2006 	Not your typical Kimpton...	As another reviewer lamented, I also could not get into the Hotel Monaco or the Hotel Burnham while staying in Chicago, so I stayed at the Allegro. Please don't get this reviewer wrong, the hotel is okay, but it is not your typical first class Kimpton Boutique Hotel. I agree with the other reviewer's: the bathroom is extremely tiny, the lighting is terrible and the room is a little too pink and a little too tired. The pluses: room service was prompt and the food was delicious with great portions. The bed was also very comfortable.My beef with Kimpton is why don't you just upgrade this hotel so it is comparable with your other first-class establishments?Overall, this hotel is not bad for the average traveler, but it should not be associated with the Kimpton Hotel chain.	
Nov 14 2006 	Would not recommend	I usually stay at the Hotel Monaco but stayed at the Allegro because most the Monaco was booked. While the Allegro is similar to the Monaco in it's decor (less traditional and more funky interior) it is not nearly as nice. The linens are not as high quality as the Monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice. The rooms are also smaller. The main reason I would not recommend the hotel though, is the bathroom. It has an old tiled floor, with an old sink, and old toilet. It reminds me of something you would find in a men's locker room. Although the Allegro has installed a nice mirror, it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance. Also, the layout of the bathroom is terrible. The toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet. Also, the room is not very clean as well. The floor in my room was dirty and I found crumbs in the drawers. I would recommend staying at the Monaco, Hard Rock, or Soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice.	
Nov 13 2006 	This hotel needs help...	The Hotel Allegro by The Kimpton Hotgel group leaves a lot to be desired. While Kimpton is a reputabel boutique hotel chain...The Allegro falls short of their reputation. The rooms are average in their technology (small TV and inconsistgent wireless internet access) as well as it being an old building does not allow for a strong cellular signal in the rooms. The rooms themselves are average with &quot;too bright&quot; Kimpton decor (my room was wallpapered pink.The worst part of the stay was the suite next door that had &quot;an election night party&quot; until 2am. Repeated (four) calls to the management throughout the latter part of the evening and early morning did nothing to dissuade the guests from continuing their love for their (blue or red) candidates. All I know is that after four and one half hours of sleep that evening...I was quite blue.	
Nov 7 2006 	Nice stay at the Allegro	I stayed at the Allegro for one night due to a missed flight at O'Hare airport. This was my first time ever in Chicago. The hotel is easily accessible by the El Train from O'Hare. When I got off the train at the stop downtown I was a little confused. However I found the hotel without too much hassle. Probably about 2 blocks from the station. You can't miss the hotel. It has big, bright lights. Once you walk in, you take the elevator or stairs to the lobby located on the second floor. The lobby is beautiful. Nice contemporary feel. However the lobby music was a bit too loud for my taste. I had to wait in line to check-in but once I got to the desk, check-in was fast and efficient. Took the elevators to my room. Nice elevator music. The hallways have a a retro touch. I got to my room and was impressed. It wasn't anything too special but it was nicer than the average hotel room. My room was a good size. The view was nice too. The decor is quirky. The bathroom is small but it did the job for me. I could see that it might be a problem if you have more than two people staying in the room. Aveda products were nice. The bed was very nice. The pillows were heavenly. I absolutely loved them. I slept very well. After settling down, I went downstairs and asked where I could get some toiletries. There is a Walgreens around the corner. Very convient. There is also a 7-11. So if you don't want to pay the high priced items in the room then just walk around to the corner. The Cadillac Theater is right next to the hotel so I imagine they get a lot of theater buisness. I didn't eat in the resturant or get room service so I can't comment on those two items. There were no noise problems outside or inside the hotel during my stay. Water temperature and pressure were fine. I didn't interact too much with the staff but they seemed nice whenever I saw them. TV was an older model but it did the job. Desk was good size. Overall I liked my stay. The only issue I have is the molds of the room. This is an older building so it does show its age in some areas, i.e. bathroom. However, the hotel should do more to fix the broken and scratched decorative moldings in the rooms and hallways. It didn't stop me from enjoying my stay. Just a little picky on my part. Getting back to O'Hare is simple. This hotel has a great location.	
Oct 26 2006	Could be a great deal	I stayed here in a regular room late October for about $100 thanks to Hotwire. For that price, it was a good hotel.Pros:Nice white duvet cover (you know it is clean) and linens. Great bed (if small).Free glass of wine in the lobby in the evening - First time I have seen this and I liked it. Nice to have a social event in the evening. Quality Aveda toiletries. Also, Q-tips and cotton balls in the bathroom.Location, if you want to be in Theatre section of the city.Elevators are not old - travel fast and have cool music playing.Free NY Times.Cons:Feels like an old, old building (could be a pro depending). Here it is a con because you can hear other rooms, and other toilets flushing (upstairs for example).Colour palette of rooms is over-the-top strange. (another personal preference)TV had minimum number of channels and no HBO. Plus it was positioned too high to watch comfortably in bed.The bar fridge is distractingly loud.My room was really small.No free local calls - I hate this.Conclusion: For what I paid on Hotwire, I was satisfied. I would not likely stay there at regular prices though.	
Oct 10 2006 	I like this hotel	This was our second stay at the Hotel Allegro in the past year. I like this Hotel for a two reasons: the staff has always been very helpful, the location is great--right in the heart of Theater District, adjacent the &quot;L&quot;, free Trolley has a stop nearby, and reasonable number of restaurant choices (in all price ranges) nearby. The rooms and bathrooms are on the small side--as you would expect with an old hotel that has been refurbished, but given the price I paid through Priceline and being in Chicago inside the loop it was a good value. The free wine tasting in the lobby in the early evening is a nice touch. I would definitely stay there again, especially when I'm in town for the Opera or Theater.	
Oct 9 2006	Great ambiance but noisy	I stayed in the Allegro after spending a week at its sister property, the Burnham. The Allegro is a fabulously stylish property in the mix of everything - walking to sights was a breeze. The staff was super friendly and the music theme was a blast.But the walls ARE PAPER THIN! In my first room, I could hear regular conversations in the neighboring room as well as the plumbing! When I complained, the hotel promptly moved me but it was only a minimal improvement.Even with construction across the street, the Burnham is significantly better.	
Oct 9 2006 	Time for a face lift Allegro!	We had a wonderful stay at the Hotel Monaco in Denver (another Kimpton Hotel), so I was really looking forward to spending Christmas in a king/jacuzzi suite at the Chicago Allegro with my husband. I have to say, I was pretty disappointed.First, the good: 1) Everyone at the hotel (with the exception of one front desk clerk and a clueless concierge) was extremely polite, attentive and friendly. 2) The hotel is located in the loop, so everything you could possibly need or want to do is close by or easily accessible by cab or public transportation if you don't have a car.Now, the not-so-good: 1) The L (elevated train) runs right next to the hotel on the side where most of the suites are located! When we checked in, our bellman assured us we wouldn't hear a thing...and he was right, sort of. When the train went by, we couldn't hear each other, music, the TV, but we could certainly hear the rattling windows and the rumbling train. Obviously, we asked to be moved to another suite, but the only other suite in the hotel that wasn't on the train side was booked. I can't believe that the designers of the hotel put every suite but one within about 50 feet of a train! Dumb. We downgraded to a smaller room and they promptly and apologetically accomodated us. 2) Having been in two rooms at the Allegro, I have to say it is far more shabby than chic. The furniture is really beat up...dirty draperies, dirty carpeting, WAY worn upolstered sofa, marks on the walls, broken decorative molding and missing handles on the wood furniture. Paired with the neon hotel light that shone through the window, I felt more like I was in a flop house than a $200 a night hotel. 3) The room service menu is REALLY limited and basic for a place that portends to be so &quot;hip.&quot; 4) Maybe this a matter of personal taste, but the decor in our bedroom was bilious...the wall color was somewhere between highlighter pink and hunter's vest orange, and the accent colors in the room were maroon and light lime green. I don't have a white wall in my house, but this color combination was really bad. The sitting room was okay, but worn as I said.I would not stay here again, nor would I recommend it to anyone. Chicago has much nicer places for the money.	
Oct 8 2006 	My fears were unfounded	After reading some horrible reviews of the Allegro, I was a bit skeptical about staying there, however, I thoroughly enjoyed our 3 day stay. Because it is an older hotel, there are the occasional strange noises when the toilet flushes and when turning on the water in the shower (don't turn the hot water on too fast....the pipes make a loud noise!!), but, other than that, the retro-style of the room and the brightly painted walls made for a pleasant change of pace from standard hotel rooms. Our room was not as small as I thought they would be and had no problem with the smaller bathroom. The room was clean, bed comfortable and, because our room faced the street, no noises from the train. I did enjoy the &quot;world&quot; music that was played in the elevator and hallways. It was always invigorating!! The 5:00 wine/piano reception is a fun way to meet other guests and find out about other interesting things to do in Chicago. Although I am not a big fan of wine, the hotel does not break out their vintage wine for this reception. It tasted like it was lower end, but, the experience was still enjoyable.If you will be visiting Chicago for a few days and will be utilizing the train for transportation, I recommend buying the visitors pass for, I believe, $20 for 3 days. It saves the time and hassle of having to purchase a pass each time you use the train.Because the Allegro is in the theater and financial district, this may not be the place to stay if you want to go on a mad 3 day shopping spree as it is quite a distance from the good shopping unless you want to take the train. On a positive note, the Allegro is only about 1 block from the train, so, it has a very good location in that respect.All in all, it was a pleasant experience and I would return.	
Oct 7 2006 	Very Awesome!	I got to stay at the Allegro in August and it is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at! The staff is more than accomidating, it was very clean, the rooms are amazing, and they give you Mr. Bubbles bubble bath! Would definatly recomend staying here!	
Sep 26 2006 	Loved the Allegro	We recently spent a weekend at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago. We were very pleased with the hotel services, the rooms and the great location which was in the theatre district. The hotel had an excellent restaurant and we enjoyed our dinner there. The staff was most helpful and the concierge was not only very helpful, but went above and beyond with all the information he provided us. The rooms were very clean and the beds were wonderful. We would definitely return here!	
Sep 24 2006	Kimpton norm for comfort / ambience	We often choose Kimptons because they offer a good value; the hotels are consistently clean, well maintained, comfortable, and generally stylish, at a reasonable price. The Allegro was on the lower range of these values, though: decor garish; beds small to accommodate tight rooms, service in the bar/restaurant quite slow. Other aspects of our stay went seamlessly as usual, reservations were easy, maids accomodating and efficient, bell hops and desk clerks attentive and helpful. And the price was good; so all in all we were not dissatisfied.	
Sep 7 2006 	Tasty Shiraz but Stale Cheezy Poofs.	Four friends and I stayed at the Allegro this past Labour Day weekend. We booked the rooms about three months ago on Priceline and were happy to get them for $75 per room.As I have seen posted elsewhere, the service was somewhat indifferent from the desk staff, although there were niceties offered, like free umbrellas on rainy Labour Day Monday. Not much smiling or welcoming, though. (The concierge was very helpful, though, printing up Blue Line El schedules and making reservations at Smith &amp; Wollensky for us.) The music alluded to in other postings was hardly &quot;blaring&quot; during our stay. I didn't even notice it in the lobby, only in the elevators, and I thought that it was a nice touch.The queen bed room I had was very small and the closet was laughably so. It was actually a challenge to hang anything up inside it, and trying to fit my suitcase in was almost impossible. Ditto for the bathroom. I was alone in my room, but if I had been with someone else it would have been kind of cramped moving around the room. Next time I will request a two-bed room, especially the ones right next to the elevator, which were very large and had a walk-in closet (almost another room!). The appointments inside were very pleasant and tasteful, although a bit of the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. The bed was comfy, the armchair as well. No view to speak of looking down onto Randolph. The flatscreen TV was small but had a decent selection. Minibar was very well-stocked, although the Cheezy Poofs I opened were incredibly stale (when I told the desk this they didn't charge for them).The complimentary wine hour was a lovely touch and a good chance for us to regroup after our busy day before heading out for dinner and theatre. The wine of choice in September is Fetzer and I enjoyed a few glasses of Shiraz each night.We also had breakfast at the Atwood Cafe in the Hotel Burnham, another Kimpton property, which was excellent. Apart from the lack of smiles from the front desk and the cardboard cheese snacks, it was a great experience!	
Aug 29 2006 	Nice Little Hotel	GREAT price thru hotwire, so no complaint there, and no snags (I did confirm twice - first time using hotwire). Room very small for a queen bed, and closet infinites..(tiny!). Bath small but OK. Hubby and I were not in the room that often. Room was clean. Window faced brick wall, had to crane my neck to get glimpse of sky for day's weather outlook. :-) Asked twice for extra pillow, but then got 2. Staff was great. Room was quiet and bed very comfortable. One concierge great, the other adequate. We were steered to Kinzie Chophouse for my birthday dinner. Within walking distance and I recommend it; pricey, but not overly so - good food. I am not a walker, but walking distances were comfortable for Millenium park, EL, and restaurants. We lucked out with gorgeous weather. Happy to have the free WIFI. It worked well. I recommend a trip to Oak Park via the EL for a tour of the Frank Lloyd Wright home and studio if lyou like Prairie architecture and small villages. A plus for me was a Dress Barn Woman in the same building. The regular size store is in the next block in big government building. We would definitely try to stay there again at the price we paid or a little more.I had a business conference call one night, so hubby went to lobby bar. It was too expensive so he only ha one beer. He spent time in the bathroom just so he wouldn't overhear my call. That was the only negative.	
Aug 29 2006 	Good hotel	Stayed for 6 nights from the 18th August. Room quite small but clean. Reception efficient and helpful, although the non-stop background music was a little trying. Hotel was a good place to stay, with an excellent establishment for breakfast over the road. Avoid the in-house restaurant, which we found expensive and very disappointing.	
Aug 15 2006 	Perfect Location!	The location of this hotel is the real draw. For those who like to walk, you can pretty much get to all the main tourist draws from here and for those who don't like to walk, all subways are close by.The rooms were small, but cute. The hotel seems somewhat old, but has a cool, retro charm. Check in and check out were quick and the only service complaint I have is that I had to ask twice for a foam pillow and the pillow I was brought did not seem anything like foam to me. We were there during Lollapalooza and there was some noise in the halls at night due to all the people getting home from the concert, but the beds were comfortable and we still slept well. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 10 2006 	A Great Find!!	A group of 7 of us stayed at the Allegro for our girls' weekend. We were originally booked at the Inn of Chicago (Best Western) but they overbooked ant sent us to the Allegro with an upgrade to two king suites. At first I was upset because the Allegro is south of the river and I thought it would be too far to walk. Turns out I was wrong.From the moment we arrived, the place was incredible. The reception was SO INCREDIBLY nice. I've stayed at multiple Michigan Ave. places and the reception is usually very &quot;big city&quot; and cold. These guys were just great....smiling, funny, conversational, but fast. The hotel itself is extremely trendy in style. Great oversized velvet couches, a beautiful fireplace, even the elevator is nice with its hardwood floor and piped in smooth music.Our suites were incredible. Extremely spacious with a queen pull out bed and a king in the bedroom. The pull out wasn't the most comfortable bed in the world, but pull outs never are. We were in the middle of the theater district but you'd never know it at night, it was very quiet and dark in the rooms. Bathrooms were spotless and the Aveda amenities were fantastic.The walk to Millennium park was about 5 mintues. And it's a great park, not to be missed. The walk to Michigan Avenue was longer, but it's a nice walk. It probably took about 30 minutes and a taxi was about $6.The hotel is just down the street from a Corner Bakery, perfect for breakfast. And much to our surprise there was a Garrett's popcorn on the same street but without the lines of the Mich. Ave branch! A great hotel, I'd stay again.	
Aug 8 2006 	great reception	stayed at allegro for three nights, great reception from staff. room was small but nicely decorated and clean. complimentary products very nice also great location. wine reception excelent opportunity to meet other guests and gain information as a first time visitor from uk. would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 9 2006 	Fine for the price...	As a European, I don't have the issues with room size that some North American guests might have, but I admit the room I had (17th floor) was smaller than average for a US hotel, but it was clean, airco working fine (and I did manage to change the temp), and the bed was comfy enough (not heavenly or sweet but fine!). Bathroom is small, but for a single traveller was more than adequate. Wouldn't want to be bathing small kids in there if I were a family traveller. Reception on arrival was OK; I have to say I kind of had the impression that I was walking into a cheaper version of a W (hip/trendy music, quite loud but without the same W-style, of which I confess I am not a particular fan anyway). FREE WIFI in my room gave perfect service the whole stay (signal 11MBps most of the time, which isn't bad for FREE WIFI!). Functional gym open 24 hours - cardio equipment and free weights. For swimmers there's a 60' lap pool you can use as an Allegro guest over the road (USD 12 for a day ticket) at the Randolph Athletic Club; needs a little love and investment, but fine to keep your swimming routine up. Found the Allegro staff to be friendly. Concierge (Paul) very helpful and knowledgable. Now the crunch, if I'd paid USD 200 or above here, I would have been disappointed with the price/quality ratio - but I got a good corporate rate, which means I'd almost definitely consider staying here again. Location fine. Close to Metro if you want to explore the wider city and shopping is walking distance.	
Jul 5 2006 	NO Star treatment !!!!	I had an awful experience at the Allegro hotel in Chicago. With exception to the bell staff, 312 restaurant food quality and serivice and the Security staff.I checked in to the hotel to the loud hip hop music on a lovely sunday afternoon. the front desk agent had gum in her mouth and not once did she welcome me or smile ! I got up to my room, which was the size of a shoe box and the walls were the colour of salmon. Towels and bedsheets had rips in them and the water was luke warm. Luckily I hurried down to the 312 restauarnt which was fantastic. Louis, our server took very good care of us and the food quality and prices were vey very good. At the end of the night - 10 PM... there were breakfast trays laying in the corridor from the morning.The service at the lobby coffee bar is extremely slow especially when all you want is a coffee and muffin. It is also not safe as a female traveller when you have to say your room # out loud infront of all the other customers waiting in line... this is only if i needed to sign the charges to my room.Upon check out, I had the pleasure in experiencing the same agent from when i had arrived at the hotel. No smile..... gum in mouth... humming the songs that were being blasted in the lobby and no mention of hoping that I would return.	
Jun 28 2006	Staff make the stay delightful	The Allegro's wine reception was a plus after a long day of shopping, and the lobby was far more suitable for lounging than the small hotel rooms. I went with girls for a shopping weekend. We did our fair share in Wicker Park and Bucktown and enjoyed the theater crowds and eateries in the area near our hotel. State and Michigan are indeed walkable -- for more shopping.  Noise from other rooms was not a problem and the one issue we did have -- ordering late night snacks -- was quickly resolved by the night manager. We ordered from a late night Chicago restaurant that simply decided not to deliver it. When I learned this while calling from the lobby at 2 a.m., the manager disappeared for a bit and emerged with chicken and potatoes on a lovely tray complete with linens. It was late and we were grateful. There was also no charge. I'm not sure though that we'd stay again unless the rate were significantly less. We paid $200 for a double room. Too much for the amount of space we had. I've paid less in the city. The decor was great but indeed a bit worn. The in-room coffeemaker was so convenient but took some maneuvering to get that going while stepping over suitcases and trying not to bump the ironing board. Oh and fantastic fitness room.	
Jun 20 2006	3 star hotel at 4 star price!	The room wasvery tiny and was very warm. They give you the illusion that you control the temperature but they do. The bathroom is small. The tub is plastic retro fit as stated in another review, and does crackle under your feet. I, personally, did find the water pressure to be fine and the bath ammenities to be of good quality. The public areas are nice and are good to hang out in. This is basically an old hotel that has been updated. The comment about the closet is true, it is actually indescriable. You can hear everything occuring in the other rooms. The location is convienent but so are many other hotels. If you do stay, fly into Midway, take the Orange Line, you cannot go wrong.	
Jun 14 2006	Wicked Packages at Allegro	My daughter and I recently visited Chicago to shop and see Wicked. The Allegro seems to be one of the few hotels advertising a package deal including tickets. This was our first stay at the Allegro, our 4th trip to Chicago. On the positive side, the location to shopping on State Street and the Theater District is fantastic. The block of tickets made available to the hotel for Wicked seating is very good. The train from Midway put us one easy block from the front doors. The staff was immediately friendly and most accommodating. The room was clean, and the beds were very comfortable. Room service was quick with nice choices. The hotel restaurant on site was a delightful surprise. A few negatives would be the small bathroom (mentioned frequently in other posts) and the plumbing noises. I was actually awakened several mornings due to the loud noise from other rooms. Our &quot;King Premier&quot; room had a lovely view of the brick wall next door. The deco/contemporary decor was funky and fun, although a bit tired and worn in some cases. Overall, I would have to say that this is not my favorite hotel in Chicago, but I would consider another stay due to the great location and the friendly customer service. (I'll just remember to pack my earplugs!)	
Jun 5 2006	Great Location -Pretty Hip Hotel	Third time at The Allegro, wonderful location in the Theater District easy access from the airport or to Wrigley via the trains. Has a Miami kind of vibe except the service is way faster! Forgot how thin the walls were but it is an old hotel - the bathrooms are small like NYC, clean but in need of up dating. Room decor minimal but contemporary. Downstairs bar great place to catch a quick eat prior to the show. Walking distance to the lakefront, great restaurants. Excellent choice for a weekend in the city.	
May 28 2006	just okay	Was dissapointed with this hotel. On the plus side, it has a good location in the theatre district, the evening wine hour was decent ,you had a choice of white wine or red wine, but no munchies, other hotels do these evening receptions much better with a lot more variety. They do have a large lobby area for this, with quite a bit of seating.The minus=VERY small room, had a king room,1 king bed,armoire,desk,chair,1 easy chair,2 small nightstand, and it was crowded. One of the smallest bathrooms I have seen,no counter space. The worst part was the loud pipes from other rooms flushing or taking showers, it was noisy all night .Pillows were okay, but bed was not comfortable at all, too hard. No complimentary coffee in lobby to start the day. I had a good rate of $100, I won't say that I won't ever go back, but it is my least favorite in Chicago at this time,and if I have a choice I will take a different hotel next time, there are a lot of better alternatives.	
May 23 2006 	DON"T CONFUSE COZY WITH SMALL	The Hotel lobby is a great place to hang out, especially during the nightly wine hour (though I don't drink). I was greeted with vibrant colors and retro furniture that compliment the artsy decor and ambience throughout the entire lobby. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and the hotel is very central to many of the sites within the Chicago Loop, especially the Theatre District. The down comforter and pillows are very comfortable and there are a many fantastic restaurants and other sites within a 10-minute walk from the hotel, including the &quot;312&quot; restaurant and lounge adjacent to the hotel lobby. However, proximity to downtown hot spots is not exclusive to the Hotel Allegro as the same could be said for numerous other hotels in downtown Chicago. Some of the rooms at Hotel Allegro could be fun for a young theater-going couple on a one or two night stay (if you are lucky enough to get one of the few larger ones), but I definitely would not recommend it for business travel or extended stays. All of the rooms vary wildly in size and most are very, very small. I traveled with a few other coworkers and there was barely enough room for myself (and I am only 5'9&quot; 185 lbs) let lone for small meetings and discussions with other coworkers or anyone else you may be traveling with. The closet isn't even wide enough to hang up a suit without having to cram it in sideways, the walls are literally paper thin and reveal EVERYTHING that is going on next door, and the desk and chair do not provide enough room to work on a laptop. The queen bed was just too small and made me feel like one of the seven dwarves, the lighting in the room is awfully dim (I had to turn on every single lamp in the entire room, including the bathroom just to read at night) and there was nowhere to put my suitcase without constantly having to step or trip over it. The showers don't have enough water pressure and the bathrooms are in serious need of renovation, especially for a hotel that prides itself on such a hip, modern feel downstairs. Wireless connection in the room seemed spotty at times, and the noise coming from the nearby L trains and Palace Theater is constant. I was very disappointed with my stay at hotel Allegro. I had heard mixed but mostly positive reviews and was impressed upon entering the lobby. Unfortunately the same attention to detail that first greets visitors upon entering the hotel doesn't seem to continue once you step out of the elvator and into your room. Suffice to say I will be staying elsewhere next time I come to town.	
Apr 7 2006	Fun hotel	I stay at this hotel whenever i go to Lyric opera. I love it for its location (closest to civic opera house) and its decor. It is locate in the theater distric of chicago and thus is close to a number of other venues.It does not break the theatric atmosphere of the evening. Its decor is very funky, it is not something that you will ever do at home, but fun for a short while. i love the aromatherapy bath products. the restaurant is also very nice. all in all i am always refreshed after my stay at this place, it is just something different. i recommend it, in particular if you are planning to go to any of the nearby theaters.	
Apr 7 2006	Here are the Details!	This hotel is in a great location to all the great theaters and a museum or two, even shopping. It seemed to me that the decor was French contemporary, Modern with a classic touch. I loved my room, it was pink, yet dimmed down by the other neutral colors that it was quite cozy. Quality linens and comfortable beds. They have free wireless internet and I had an excellent connection. Just be sure to choose the &quot;Kimpton&quot; wireless... there are about 5 others that will show up as options too from surrounding businesses.There are automated wake up calls, a CD stereo in the room, coffee maker with torrefazione coffee, Aveda toiletries.They have a great lounge, with food, and wireless internet too. The restaurant is an italian cuisine. They have excellent food and wine. The menu consists of one page of dining, and about 5 more pages of wine! So, know your Italian wines because they have a lot of those to choose from. The prices seem a little high, but it's downtown Chicago.Negatives:Be sure to ask for a room AWAY from the elevators. My room was right next to the elevators and service door. There was a constant noise of guests, hotel staff, doors, carts, and hotel staff radios.Rooms are small, but you can expect this in a city and an older building.bathtub is plastic and seems a little cheap.	
Apr 5 2006	Romantic and Fun!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in March, 2006. We had a great time! We were upgraded to a suite, and enjoyed the jacuzzi tub with Mr. Bubbles, animal print robes, and a luxurious king- sized bed! THe suite was very nice, and we had no problem with noise from other rooms or from the street. It was very boutiquey, and the lobby was lovely. We enjoyed the complementary wine hour. The staff was attentive, and our stay in this Kimpton hotel made our first-time trip to Chicago memorable! We would return here!	
Mar 29 2006 	Wonderful Stay at the Allegro	I had a great stay at the Hotel Allegro. The room was very comfortable complete with some very good touches - quality linens and pillows, a CD player, Aveda products in the bathroom, dimming lights and lamps. The staff was very friendly and prompt and the room service food was ok. The hotel even had in room recycling and a yoga kit for me to borrow along with a dedicated yoga TV channel.The hotel is going to be redone again this coming winter so it is the tiniest bit worn around the edges but overall the effect was very stylish and elegant.	
Mar 28 2006	One word...."[--]"!	bathtub was some cheap plastic retrofit job that crackled under my feettheir so called &quot;complementary high speed internet access&quot; was a joke, as I barely got a strong WiFi signal on my laptop for more than a few secondsI thought I was going to end up tearing the shower flange out of the wall when I tried to adjust the showerhead..that's how poorly it was installed	
Mar 17 2006	Great staff nice decor great rooms	Not sure how people found so much to complain about. I stayed here for a few days in March and had a great time. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful when we asked them a million questions about where to eat and what to do for fun at weird hours. The lobby had fun decor, the lounge wasn't too bad (drinks kinda pricey but friendly bartender). Aveda products in the room were great. The room isn't huge but unless you've got two obese and clumsy people who need a suite in order to be comfortable, you'll find nothing to complain about really. The only thing worth mentioning was that the toilet flushes loud but that's not really a big deal. And at the hotwire rate under $100 this is a fantastic deal.	
Mar 9 2006	Good value experience at Allegro	The Allegro is a trendy hotel with well-appointed public areas and guest rooms. Although on the small side, the single-queen room I had was comfortable in terms of both furnishings and bedding. The bathroom is definitely small, but servicable, with quality bath products provided. Free wireless Internet access is a nice touch. The hotel is about 1 block from the train and an easy walk to points throughout downtown. I would stay here again.	
Feb 16 2006 	Don't go there !!!	Not only wil we never stay there again; we will never recommend this to anyone we care about!This was the worst experience we've ever had in a non-Communist-country hotel.We are very patient people, but after many experiences of a total lack of service, and staff's continual seeming lack of desire and ability to meet the needs of guests, we were extremely disappointed with our stay.Also--don't expect it to be a &quot;pet-friendly&quot; hotel, as they advertise: We were told, but not until AFTER we arrived (we'd asked ahead of time!), that there is actually nowhere for the pets to &quot;do their business&quot;---except for the concrete alley out back! Yuk! And that's also the cast and crew entrance for the Cadillac theatre!The very closest spot of grass--and it was as narrow as a sidewalk--is actually several blocks away in front of the Holiday Inn on the river.Don't believe the free Internet access that's alluded to in their literature, either--it's actually $24 an hour!And the rooms at the Allegro are so tiny that we could barely turn around....and the bathroom was no better. Very hard to get the door closed, while in the bathroom, without some contortionism.Much of the equipment in our room was malfunctioning, also, including the boom box, the TV, and the refrigerator (with all its mold). The staff also had not provided the promised dog bed, doggie gift pack, late check-out (due to my Husband's certification exam nearby), or emptying of the mini-bar. Had to ask for those again, and....you guessed it....was a long time before most of these things happened.Accessing a restaurant guide was a major hassle, as well....we'll spare you the frustrating details, including the anger on the part of Front Desk staff when we mentioned, in the middle of their temper tantrums, that this type of information actually is standard everywhere else we've stayed. This process alone took more than an hour.The concierge was almost never available, either, which was yet another frustration. A guest we met at the Holiday Inn's grassy strip with her dog said the rooms there are much bigger and nicer.We told the Manager on duty that we have NEVER had to work this hard to get our needs met....except in a hotel in rural China where we were the only English speakers.It's the Holiday Inn at the Merchandise Mart for us next time.	
Feb 14 2006	Great Theater Experience with Allegro	My sister-in-law and I went to Chicago to see 'Wicked', and stayed at the Allegro because they offered a package that included two orchestra level tickets to the sold out show. We loved it! We arrived on Thursday, February 9th, and left on the 11th.To begin with, it was very convenient to get from O'Hare airport to the hotel. We got off the Blue Line at Clark/Lake and were just a little walk from the hotel. When we arrived at the front door, the doorman helped us with our bags and directed us to the lobby, which was really a sight to see. It was beautiful, and everything was so BIG! The windows, the sofas, the decor, everything was grand in scale. I loved all of the bright colors. The front desk staff was extremely helpful and polite, and we were in our room in no time.The walk from the lobby to the room was interesting because of the wallpaper in the hallways. It is a beautiful brown and cream vertical stripe, but if you're extremely sensitive to motion sickness bring your blinders! We got tickled because both of us were a little dizzy from walking past all those stripes... Our room (#1505) was pretty small, but since we didn't plan to spend a lot of time in the room, we didn't care. After quickly freshening up, we headed down to ask the concierge about making plans for the night. He was very helpful, and ended up pointing us to a deli for lunch, and where to get half price tickets to see 'Menopause: The Musical'(which was, by the way, a true side-splitter!). On our way to HotTix to buy the play tickets, we saw that we were actually very close to not only the blue line, but the red line, too, which was nice. After the play that night, we approached the front desk to ask about a good place to eat pizza at 10:00pm on a Thursday. The desk clerk pointed us, coupon in hand, to Giordano's in the Prudential Plaza and we walked in a snow storm to get there. Well worth the walk, though.Friday morning we headed down for our spa appointment at Spa Space. It was a very short walk from the hotel, and we were treated like queens for the (too) short time we were there. Shawn (at Spa Space) was great. We owe part of our fun there to him! He went out of his way to get us an appointment on short notice.We ate dinner on Friday night at 312 Chicago, right there in the hotel. The food was good, the service was OK. It was not the best we had in Chicago, but certainly not the worst. After dinner, it was just a short walk to the Ford/Oriental theater for 'Wicked', which was FABULOUS!Overall, we enjoyed the Allegro. The rooms were small, the pipes were a little loud, but the service and friendliness of the staff more than made up for those little quirks. Our bed was comfortable, and that was all we cared about after spending two days schlepping all over Chicago. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 7 2006 	Decent bargain	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel for a week in August 2005. It's one of the least expensive downtown hotels, and we were on a budget, so we went with it.The lobby is beautiful, the nightly wine tasting was a nice touch and the staff were helpful. But if you're looking for a nice room, you might want to spend a little more and look elsewhere.Our room was *tiny*. They did a nice job with aesthetics -- the bed and walls were colorfully decorated and the furniture was nice, but the bed wasn't very comfortable. You get a couple standard pillows (one per person) and then two small round pillows that are more decorative than functional (totally useless for sleeping). Each time we called the front desk to ask for a couple more pillows, they said they didn't have any.It was a little hard to sleep, not from the city noise (which you can't hear), but because the pipes made a lot of noise. It seemed like anytime someone in a room above us used the sink or toilet, the pipes in the walls pinged loudly.I don't think we'd stay at this hotel again. If we're on the same budget, next time we might try Club Quarters.	
Jan 19 2006	Luxury that is affordable!	Our experience at the Allegro was overall EXCELLENT! My sister was married there and we stayed there. We were treated like kings and queens by the staff. Anything we needed they accomodated. The hotel was immaculate, tasteful and fun! Very warm and inviting no matter where you are from. 2 great bars and a restaraunt. GREAT place for special events. The regular rooms are a bit small, but nice. The suites are beautiful!Highly reccomended! Ask for Carlo if you are planning an event!!	
Jan 11 2006 	One of my favorite hotels in Chicago	The Hotel Allegro is one of the 3 Klimpton boutique hotels in Chicago and is the cheapest of the 3. Location wise it is in the northwest corner of the loop diagonally opposite the Thompson Center. This makes it very convenient to get to from O'Hare Airport (Clark/Lake on the blue line). It is also walkable distance to State Street (Where the department stores are) but not so walkable to Michigan Ave (I would catch a cab or walk to the red line on State Street (just a block or 2 away)). The food at the restaurant is fantastic and there is a diner opposite that serves great, cheap breakfast. The hotel itself is also wonderful. The decor is very art deco. Like all Klimpton hotels, it has a free wine hour from 5-6 on weekdays. The staff is also super friendly and helpful and they really make you feel at home. Out of the 3 Klimpton hotels, the Monaco is the nicest (and the most expensive) and the closest to Michigan Ave (but a few blocks away from public transport). The Burhnam is closest to State St and has a great restaurant but the area around it can get a bit &quot;rough&quot; at night (a lot of homeless people hang around State St at night after the shops close). It is however walkable distance from Grant Park.	
Jan 6 2006	Good boutique style and conveinence for the price	Spent a few days here during Xmas 2005. Good location and decent rooms. This used to be a transient hotel of sorts and got the gut rehab treatment. We stayed in a standard room for the $99 rate and enjoyed what we got. Clean room, comfortable bed and a warm environment. Yeah, they're not necessarily grandiose in space, but its enough to get by since you usually don't want to spend all day locked in your hotel, right?There's a free wine reception every day from 5-6 in the lobby which is nice next to the fireplace and all.What's nice about the location is its proximity to restaurants, theatres, shopping and even rental cars. We rented a car from Hertz at OHare and spent some time with family in Indiana. When we came back for a few more days in the city, we dropped off the car at the Hertz city location which is literally around the corner. Overall, good boutique style and convenience at a resonable price.	
Jan 4 2006	Loved this Place!	This was a fantastic very kitch swanky boutique hotel. Staff were excellent and close to everything good in Chicago.	
Dec 29 2005	Lobbyservice special;rooms barely above average	Wonderful staff; beautiful lobby and good restaurant.Rooms smallish,but not like NYC hotels. Rooms had been updated-free wireless internet. Could just tell that they modernized on a tight budget. Hallways are not so nicebut you don't sleep in the halls! Biggest complaint- the loudest toilet flushing noises in the world. You knew when someone upstairs or down used the toilet - believe me. Bathrooms has bice toiletries and were reasonable size.Location good for theaters - next door to Cadillac theater. reasonable value - of all the Klimpton hotels, I like the Burnham much better. Paid $179 for a pre-xmas Sat nite stay	
Dec 22 2005	Loved it!!	I thought the Allegro was great, it was a gorgeous hotel with the 'wow' factor. the room was small but had everything you needed with a gorgeous big bed each for me and my friend. its in the ideal location, just a 10 min walk from Michigan Ave, and close to all the theatres which was great. The hotel staff were all so friendly and helpful, plus you get the free wine in the evenings between 5 and 6 (i would recommend to get there early for a seat because its very busy but with a great atmosphere!) Overall I dont have any complaints because we loved every minute in Chicago and the hotel so I would recommend it to anyone!	
Dec 5 2005	Not such a great stay	The hotel was just okay. Nothing spectacular. The walls are very thin, so it was very noisy. The train runs right beside the hotel - loud. It's an old hotel. Not many plug ins. Windows are sealed shut. Small rooms. But, it was clean &amp; served it's purpose. Fairly long walk to Michigan Ave. The noise is the biggest issue here as far as I'm concerned.	
Nov 28 2005	Tons of Character	The best thing about this hotel is the service. The staff was so welcoming, friendly and courteous. From the moment you walk in the door they make you feel at home. The rooms are very small but well equipped and the decor is very cool. I am sorry we did not have more time to enjoy the hotel. I highly recommend this place!	
Nov 27 2005	Nice Quaint clean...smallish rooms beds comfortable	We (brother, sister-in-law, husband and myself)recently spent a night at the Allegro Hotel in Chicago. We went for a John Williams concert with the CSO, and got a good deal for this hotel online. They matched the deal when contacted directly, and offered late checkout if we reserved directly with them. The rooms are very small and had only two double beds. One was tight against one wall, the other tight against the heater/air conditioning vent. Adequate outlets, plenty of towels, but lacking in space to put personal items in the vintage bathroom. All and all, it was clean, quaint art deco and we would stay there again, but preferably with just two to a room, with one larger bed centered in the room vs up against a wall.	
Nov 24 2005 	Good hotel in the south loop	I stayed at this hotel twice in October - first with my husband and again for a conference in the hotel. The Queen-bedded room my husband and I had was pleasant and average size. It is an older hotel but nicely updated, and the staff is very helpful. Located in the theatre district near the El and state building, it is convenient. The second stay was for a conference, and I had a very large king-bedded handicap accessible room. The meeting rooms are conveniently on one floor, vary in size and a re quite good. The main banquet room off the lobby was good for a general session and meals. Food was good, and the free wine hour and newpaper on weekdays are nice extras.The hotel is a good value for Chicago. I would stay here again.	
Nov 20 2005	Helpful staff	I was very impressed with the staff of the Hotel Allegro. My six-year-old son became sick after going to sleep and made a big mess of the bed. I called the front desk and asked for clean sheets, planning to change the bed myself. Instead, 10 minutes later there were two members of the housekeeping staff at our door (this is 10 p.m.). They came in and not only cleaned our son's bed but cleaned the bathroom and sleeping area. They also left extra clean towels. They were very gracious and because of their quick help, we were able to get our kids back to bed before 10:30. They went out of their way to help and we were very grateful. By the way, our room was very nice and much larger than expected. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom was very tiny but that is the only downside we found.	
Nov 10 2005	Fabulous for Pet Owners	This is the perfect place to stay while in Chicago if you have a pet. It's smack in the middle of downtown, surrounded by great restaurants, shops and attractions...all within walking distance. The hotel's decor is very nice and the rooms are tastefully done in art deco; however they are somewhat small. The staff welcomes pets and goes out of their way to make you feel at home. An added bonus is the wine tasting hour that takes place every evening between 5 and 6 p.m.My only complaint is there is no place designated for dogs to use the bathroom. We had to drive to Grant park every morning and evening so our dog could take care of her needs.	
Nov 9 2005	Would recommend	After reading the reviews, I was a bit tentative as to what my Hotel Allegro experience might be.Here's how it rolled:14th floor non-smoking floor. Room was small, but manageable. Bed was comfortable and the heavy shades allowed us to sleep past sunrise. Lighting was poor. Toilet flushed loudly- but I overlooked that as I used the Aveda bathroom products everyday. Although it was a non-smoking room/floor on our last night there, the smell of smoke was so strong it woke me up. I didn't call to complain, but found it quite disturbing and glad we were leaving the next day.Concierge was extremely helpful. We asked for assistance several times and each request was handled promptly and efficiently.Check-in/check-out was without issue.Restaurant was nice. Although it has a limited menu, we were pleased with our selections. The apple pie sorbet was the unexpected highlight of the meal.Overall, I would recommend.	
Nov 9 2005 	So so	Let's start with its biggest plus: location. In the heart of the loop, close to the El. Has some character, but overall, it's just plain dated. Small rooms, tiny and not very welcoming bathrooms. Service was friendly, though, and the wine hour is a nice touch. I would have appreciated a bigger TV.	
Nov 2 2005	When expecting the average	Allegro is an average place to stay, and the adjectif applies to every point of interest while travelling : location wise, the hotel is in the theatre district, which makes it quite comfortable to go back to after a show but not so close to the shopping or museum areas, which are many people's main attractions while staying in Chicago. The rooms are comfortable and quite agreable to inhabit, but lack that little touch that could make them real interesting. No view from our window, but we haven't visited the whole building. The restaurant experience was good at diner, but much too expensive and not so delicious at breakfast. Room prices were &quot;reasonable&quot; for a large city hotel, even though our Travel Agency made a large benefit that we'd have appreciated sharing...	
Oct 10 2005	Great Stay!	We enjoyed a great long weekend stay at the Allegro. We were in Chicago for the marathon and we were pleased to find that we had a large, quiet room and very comfortable beds. Our only concern was with the small bathroom, not very easy for tall people to use. The hotel staff were friendly and polite and very willing to answer questions and offer suggestions. The hotel itself is in an ideal location and help make our stay in Chicago a very pleasant one.	
Oct 7 2005 	BRING Your own Extension Cord	I didn't like that the windows were sealed shut and in the case of a fire or emergency, I wouldn't have clean air to breath (because it was pretty stuffy air inside the room and in the hallway). I loved the fitness center, it was stylish, clean and practical.I also loved their free wireless. However, I wouldn't have been able to use it had I not read another user's WARNING that there is only 1 plug in the room, so before I left for chicago, I packed my surge protector so I had a wealth of outlets to plug into... I would have been devastated otherwise.They have free wine hour if you like to mingle, and it's right next to the Lion King (at least that's what was showing when I was there). Overall, a good location.I'd also warn against the elevator system-- if there's somewhere important you need to be, leave 15 minutes earlier than you expect because you might end up taking the staircase down a large # of floors, and end up out on a different street.	
Oct 6 2005	Overrated tarted-up flophouse	This hotel must have originally been an ordinary downtown hotel in a not very nice neighborhood. The owners have painted it over and fixed up the lobby to make it an &quot;upscale&quot; overpriced boutique hotel. But it's still just an ordinary hotel with a paint job. Stay here if you want to experience staying in a flophouse, but with all the sleaze removed. Definitely stay at the chain's other location, the Burnham, for a much, much nicer hotel.	
Sep 30 2005 	Good points and bad points	Stayed 9/05 on 2-day business trip. The good points: Room was well soundproofed, bed comfortable, free wi-fi, lively lobby with free wine in the PM, well-staffed and capable front desk. The bad: room (standard queen) was TINY, bathroom tiny and poorly lighted, desk way too small to work at, only one chair, an excruciatingly uncomfortable knockoff of an Aeron, but w/o any of the adjustments. Bottom line, OK for one person for 1-2 nights as long as you aren't planning on spending a lot of non-waking time in the room.	
Sep 26 2005 	One of the worst stays I've had	I stay at a new hotel every week, or at least I'm at a hotel every week out of the year (almost). I will have to say, in all of my travelling, that this is one of the worst hotel experiences that I've had.Let me start with the good first. The hotel staff is very friendly and very polite, the gym was decent and the rooms was decorated nicelyOk, now that the good is out of the way, let me talk about the bad.1. I stayed here for 3 weeks, all 3 different rooms I was in had a leak next to the wall unit ac/heat.2. The AC did not work very well. You cannot adjust the AC in your room and you have to call down to the front desk to get it changed. They then decide if they will help you or not. I called 3 times to get the AC turned down and only on the 3rd time did it get turned down and then the next morning it was back up again. I had to play this game every day.3. Signed up using the web promotion of $15 off a night if you book online. Was never given this and I finally gave up after getting no help.4. The rooms are tiny. The bed almost touches both walls.These problems could happen at any hotel, what really got to me was the friendliness of the staff while they continued to do nothing for me. I would call and ask them to turn down the air and they would be joyful and accomodating and it never got done. I had to make repeated calls to get this done. The leak was NEVER fixed all 3 weeks and it must be a widespread problem as it happened in 3 different rooms that I had. I couldn't be that unlucky.I wrote a letter to Kimpton Hotels corporate outlining my dissatisfaction and asking that they call me back to talk about it. I never received any kind of response from them.Would I ever stay at a Kimpton Hotel again? Probably not. This kind of poor customer service is something i don't need when I spend 300 nights a year in a hotel.	
Sep 16 2005	Hotel Allegro - great girls night! (or couples....)	I booked a room at Hotel Allegro via their own site (sometimes you get the best rates that way). Coming from Milwaukee we planned to drive, and opted for their Park N Play package - which was a great deal for a trendy Chicago hotel. We pulled up and the bellman whisked our car away. We were able to check in early (noon - we had a baseball game to get to), and we were even given a free upgrade (without asking) by the gracious front desk worker Margo. We were lucky to get one of the &quot;larger&quot; rooms, and we even had a nice view. The rooms are very quaint and boutique-y. Loved the robes, the down comforter, comfy beds, and the honor bar - which we desperately needed. Also loved the CD player and discs that were in the room (you can buy them too). Klimpton even offers a yoga basket if you choose to do yoga in your room - they deliver all the necessary goods and a video - how awesome is that?The concierge was wonderful and very helpful. You are a close walk to Millennium Park, a ten or so minute walk from the Magnificent Mile, and very close to all other public transportation. This is in what is considered the Theater District. We were even allowed to leave our car parked there until 6 p.m. the next day (our checkout day).The restaurant that was downstairs is also WONDERFUL. We had appetizers there one night and lunch. Prices are great and food was EXCELLENT. Bartenders are a good time - Octavio and crew - and will send you to bed with a drink for last call.Great place for a fun night in a beautiful city!	
Sep 11 2005 	Service goodrooms not so	First off- service is very good here. I must have been checking in on a very busy day but service was polite and efficient. I was not happy with my room but decided to go out and say something later. When I returned they immediately moved me to a higher floor with a better view (I was facing a dirty brown wall in the first room). They offer a nice wine happy hour also in the lobby. Now the rooms... are tiny and a bit shabby. My tv did not work very well and lighting in the room was horrible- dingy and dark. The worst thing about the rooms is how thin the walls are. Horrible! You can hear everything- and I mean EVERYTHING. This is not a hotel for romance.	
Aug 26 2005	Cool hotel but service is lacking	Pros: The decor is trendy and very chic. There is a complimentary wine hour from 5pm-6pm. It is pet-friendly (good if you have pets; bad if you are allergic to pets). The staff is friendly and the location is excellent if you are in town for the theater or any events at Millenium Park. The location, while a bit of a walk to the shopping of North Michigan Avenue is very close to the Marshall Fields flagship store as well as to Filene's Basement and Nordstrom Rack. Our breakfast at the restaurant was excellent and so was the wait service.Cons: Based on others' decriptions of their rooms we must have gotten one of the hotel's basic rooms because it was small and there was no place to hang our clothes.The quality of service for special requests left something to be desired. One morning Housekeeping took my unread newspaper and threw it away. I tried to call Housekeeping twice but no one answered. I went to the Front Desk to ask for another newspaper. Their response was that there were no more so I was out of luck. I then called the concierge and he said that he would see what he could do. I never heard back from him, not even to say that there was nothing that he could do for me. I found it interesting that in the hotel gift shop there were plenty of newspapers for that day; why couldn't someone have gotten one of those for me? Yes, I could have bought a paper myself at the gift shop but I wanted to see how the hotel would handle my request. They failed. Their response to my request is what I would have expected from a one or two star establishment that charges much less per night.	
Aug 24 2005 	arty fun free wine!	Well, I should say first that I am a travel agent and I got to stay here for free with a colleague/friend for what we call in the industry a &quot;familiarization trip.&quot; So, I don't know how I'd have felt had I spent $300/night. However, from a purely aesthetic point of view, it was a cheeky and sophisticated little spot that was in walking distance from everything. The free wine from 5-6 each day was a welcome bonus. If one were to take a weekend trip to see a show and do a little shopping, this would be the ideal place to stay and would add to one's general sense of intellectual indulgence on such a weekend. The beds were extremely comfortable and the staff helpful and friendly.	
Aug 24 2005	Hit or Miss? Just Ok if you hit but bad if you miss.	After doing a ton of research about finding a place to stay in Chicago using Priceline or Hotwire, we determined that we could get the Hotel Allegro for about $85 a night. Although we had read the reviews here BEFORE we placed our bid, we took a shot that the Allegro would be OK.And it was. Sort of.We stayed for 4 nights in mid-August, it was a dead weekend in Chicago and we knew that we had our choice of available hotels in this price range (we use betterbidding to help us bid). Through this research we knew that we were winning the Allegro. Since we wanted a romantic getaway, we thought that the idea of a boutique hotel was appealing.Our first experience with the hotel was that as our taxi pulled up, the bellmen didn't help us out with our bags. They weren't especially busy, more like inattentive. Even after we hoisted our bags out the taxi's trunk, they didn't offer to help bring them inside. When we got to the desk, we had to wait about 15 minutes to be helped (even though we were 3rd in line and it was a Saturday). We agree that they're understaffed. 1-3 desk clerks for a 400 room hotel isn't enough. Before arriving I emailed requesting a quiet room, as my wife is pregnant and sleep is an issue. Upon checkin, I nicely mentioned this to the clerk and again requested a quiet room. He put us in a streetside room, on the 6th floor, directly above the theater where Lion King is showing AND the hotel's nightclub. Needless to say, crowds and traffic make noise. Additionally, the concerns others have mentioned about the noise INSIDE the hotel are DEFINITELY valid. Our neighbors on both sides of us were gettin' busy all night long and it felt and sounded like they were 2 feet away. When any toilet flushed it felt like we were IN the toilet and the refridgerater in our room hummed all night long. No sleep, whatsoever.This room was tiny, which we didn't mind, but the noise was unbearable (even for a heavy sleeper like me).The next day I went downstairs and they switched us to a great room on the 18th floor, away from the street. It was an upgraded, larger and newly remodeled room. Great room, great location. If we had been given this room to start with, it would've been a great stay. We don't think that using Hotwire meant we automatically got a bad room, we think that many of their rooms have these problems due to the design of the building.I think that we got our room switched because we asked on a Sunday, if it was busy, we get the impression that they might not be able to satisfy a request to do so.The location is really quite good. Lots of coffee shops and drug stores within a 10 minute walk. Marshall Fields is about a 6 block walk and the lakeshore area is about a 10 block walk. Lack of restaurants wasn't a big concern for us, as many are a $5 cab drive away. The wine reception was something we weren't interested in. The decor was nice. The business center charges a $3 activation fee and $1 per minute to use their computer to get on the internet, kinda steep. I think there's free Wi-Fi but didn't use it. The gym is pretty small, but equipped. Elevators can be very slow. Maid service was good. Beds and linens were very comfortable. Bathrooms can be very small (you might need a shoehorn to get on the toilet!). The renovations are getting a bit long in the tooth in the rooms; touch up paint needed, fray carpet seams). The digital thermostat works great....unless you want something other than 68 degrees. Both rooms had thermostats that looked like they were working, but nothing ever changed in the room. 68 degrees, no more, no less.All in all, it's a good and reasonable place to stay....but only IF you get a good room. Based upon the reviews here, you have a 50% chance. If we had to do it all over again, we would've chosen to stay in a &quot;sure thing&quot;, like the Hilton or another 4* available on Priceline or Hotwire. For a few bucks more, it would've been worth it.	
Aug 20 2005 	Spotty Service at Pricey Hotel	I recently stayed at the Hotel Allegro for a conference. The decor is beautiful, the room a bit small, but acceptable. I liked the Aveda freebies and wine reception. I asked for no maid service during my stay, and for towels and coffee to be sent to my door sometime the next day while the maids were on their rounds. The young man at the front desk walked briskly away, not even noting what I requested. I saw the maid the next morning and she had me down for a room cleaning. I called guest services and requested again for no room service to be indicated on my account/room. The next day I get a phone message from the maid (due to my do not disturb sign I kept on my door) asking me when I want my room cleaned. I never got the towels or coffee delivered, but had to beg a maid in the hallway to give me some. The front desk said they do not have those items there. Why not? Perhaps because it would look like service.Add to that, the cold cold room with temperature controls that did not work, a toilet that would not properly flush, one elevator down with the sound of drilling all day long (adding to the ambience); and booming construction all evening from the theatre next door that affected many floors and wings of the hotel. They said they would move me, but I wondered why they couldn't plan better and put me there to begin with. I would say there's an apparent lack of caring at this hotel. The front desk and concierge staff always looked &quot;busy&quot; on the phone like the customers were really a bother - perhaps appeasing VIPs? Seems like they are understaffed and under-concerned about the customer.	
Aug 11 2005	Good fit at the heart of the Theatre District	My friend and I stayed at the Allegro from Aug 3rd to Aug 6th, 2005. The deco at the hotel is very retro. At the concierge lobby, you'll love the red, blue and b&amp;w striped couches. Service is great - the concierge was very helpful in identifying places to dine, they allow you to leave your luggages at the front desk at check out (giving you the convenience of making a last minute 'tour' of the neighbourhood before leaving the city), and the front desk was accommodating to us (we had problems with our double/double room so they moved us to a premium double room at no extra cost).The comments regarding the thin walls is true, though. From the two rooms we stayed at (9th and 6th floors), we could hear everything that's going on in the other rooms (above us and adjacent to us) - the toilet flushing, people talking or sound from the tv, etc. So, if you need to sleep in, don't expect too much. The beds were comfy but the noise does not help. From our rooms, we had a 'good' view of the adjacent buildings (unless you are into architecture, i'd say go for it!).The hotel is situated at the core of the theatre district, which is excellent for those who are visiting the city for the purpose of watching a show like Wicked or Lion King. The Magnificent Mile is just a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel and so is the Sears Tower and the Chicago Harbour. You could take the transit if you're headed further north to Wrigley Field or south to Cellular Field with no problems. Clark/Lake Stn is also close by. You could take the transit from there to get to O'Hare Airport.The main problem that we had at staying at this location was the fact that we had to walk a few blocks to find a decent place to dine. We actually didn't find anything as all places close down by 5 PM. Majority of the places don't even serve dinner. The resto at the hotel lobby serves lunch and it changes into a lounge in the evening (i.e. no dinners).Overall, the hotel itself is safe, clean and very 'homey'. They have an ice dispenser and a pop machine on every floor, which is very convenient. They 'jazz up' your room i.e. housekeeping, every day, too. I would recommend this hotel to the musicale enthusiast. Be advised, though that you will need to do some research for a place to eat daily if you opt to stay at Allegro.	
Jul 20 2005	A Wicked Good Time	We stayed at the Hotel Allegro when we recently visited Chicago to see the musical, “Wicked.” The trendy boutique hotel had been recommended by several friends, and it was miles from ordinary but steps from everything. Allegro is located in the theater area and near one of the El stations – it was only a block and a half to traverse before making it to the property. Friendly bellmen escorted us in, and we ascended the staircase to the second level to check in (we discovered the nearby elevator later). The lobby reminded us of a contemporary mod 60s motif with red velvet couches, oversized midnight blue chairs and modern light fixtures. Dark wood covered the walls and was paired with a large, checkerboard carpet in brown and cream. The front desk staff was welcoming, explaining the business center, fitness area that I truly thought we would use and the surrounding areas. This lobby also serves as the locale where free unlimited wine flows during the wine hour, each evening from 5-6 p.m. The concierge is also located on this floor. Visiting Hotel Allegro marked one of the few times that I have used hotel hair products. All Aveda products were available and the small bathroom had a deep bathtub and marble countertops. The hotel itself is updated from an older building, so the rooms are not large according to today’s standards. We had enough space, and the rooms were carefully decorated in chocolate and salmon with accents of gold and light green. In an armoire, the expansive mini bar was stocked with a small refrigerator and dry goods area contained anything from Red Bull to snacks and even hangover remedies. A CD player was available as well. The closet housed an iron and ironing board, but by no means was this closet large, even to the smallest of munchkinlanders. The Encore Liquid Lounge had a groovy feel with upbeat tempos. We appreciated the Wicked-themed martinis such as the Lollypop Kid, making for an even better night of theater. People from all walks (literally – there was a race that weekend) stopped in for drinks before or after the theater, on the way to dinner or as a nightcap. The bartenders were extremely attentive, even on the busiest nights. Food may also be purchased. 312 Chicago is the adjacent, on-site restaurant serving breakfast, lunch and dinner. Allegro’s amenities stretched from leopard print robes delivered on request to a complimentary yoga basket to use while watching the yoga station on television. We saw plenty of pets during our stay. Allegro’s pet friendly policy is actually a good one - there is no weight limit and furry creatures can even book their own Happy Tails hotel package. Our only complaint was not even the hotel’s fault. A gaggle of teenagers stayed on our floor for a bat mitzvah and did not sleep much during the night, which meant that we had the privilege of enjoying their noise. The walls are definitely thin, although our room on the sixth floor overlooking the El did not have any street noise. The convenient location did prove to be in the middle of everything, even a parade. As we were in Chicago during Memorial Day weekend, the parade was gearing up just as we were leaving our hotel and we were able to enjoy it before moving on to nearby shopping on State Street and Michigan Avenue. We walked to both areas, but Michigan Avenue might merit a cab ride home, depending on the amount of shopping completed. Also nearby is the new Millennium Park, Grant Park, the Art Institute, tons of dining and more. We would definitely go back. It was the perfect complement to a weekend of culture in Chicago.	
Jul 17 2005	Arty and fun	The Allegro in downtown Chicago is a great stay/ part of the Kimpton Group boutique hotels the Allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price/ they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city. i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the 'EL' into the loop which leaves you about 2 minutes from the hotel/ otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors,comfortable beds and in my case great views. if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days / kimpton does a great job and their properties are &quot;class acts&quot;	
Jul 17 2005	Great couples get away	My boyfriend and I just spent the weekend at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago. It has a great location, only a 10 minute walk from Millenium Park, in the heart of the theater district. The staff was most helpful, even at 2 in the morning when we were craving some chicago style pizza. They were able to provide us with the menu of a place that delivered all night. The room was spacious, with a great bed. The wine reception was a highlight that got our night off to a wonderful start. Our car was always waiting for us at the curb when we requested it. I would highly recommend this hotel for that romantic weekend get away.	
Jun 30 2005	Location. Locatioon. Location.	Unfortunately, as far as I was concerned, the Allegro didn't have that. It's several blocks west of Michigan Avenue and , several blocks south of Wacker.What is did have was great service, huge room, big bathroom. But I thought it was a bit pricey for this location. It was over $300 a night with taxes and no breakfast.We have now stayed in three Kimpton hotels this year. All of them are quite nice.	
Jun 24 2005	Loved our Suite	We stayed at the Allegro for three nights and loved it. The King Suite was more than spacious -- both the bedroom and living/dining areas. We had been warned of tiny closets in small rooms and were pleasantly surprised to find 2 large, well-appointed and decorated areas at our disposal.CD players, bathrobes, quality amenities, prompt service, ultra comfortable beds and bedding all made for a great stay.We did not get to participate in the wine reception but did eat in the bar/restaurant one night. We were a bit disappointed in that it was more of a bar than a restaurant and that it allows smoking and has a pretty limited menu.Location was terrific. You can walk anywhere downtown or take the CTA, which is a block away. We hope to stay there again!SS, Atlanta	
Jun 20 2005	Great "Theatre" Hotel	Overall I really liked this hotel (and not just because of the free wine tasting in the lobby each evening). Our first room was very small so they changed it just like that to a larger one. It was clean, and staff were very helpful, and although it is slightly dated in the corridors and rooms, the reception / lobby was cool - all dark panels, and a nice real fire. It is above a theatre and so this theatre &quot;feel&quot; prevailed throughout. There are plenty of floors and only 3 lifts so you have to wait a while sometimes, and ask for a room at the back to avoid the street noise. Our only problem in the room was that we couldn't switch the aircon off, and neither could the staff, so it was a bit noisy at night.The location is great, with the park and lakefront only a few minutes walk away. You can easily walk to the Magnificent Mile for all your shopping needs in 20 minutes. You can even walk to Navy Pier to get a boat or catch an IMAX film. I felt safe walking around there even at night but it is quiet as it is on the edge of the business area so keep your eyes open.If you want to save yourself some money getting to the airport the tube stop is only one block away and is only $1.75 - quicker than a van or taxi too.The bar at street level was always busy, and served great cocktails but the hotel lacked a good restaurant. However we found many in the area such as Hard Rock Cafe and the Rainforest Cafe (we were tourists!).If you get a good deal on this hotel you can't go wrong. Enjoy Chicago!Michael, London	
Jun 13 2005	So cute so fun... great for Girls weekend!	I tell everyone about the Hotel Allegro Chicago. It is the quintessential boutique hotel. My college roommate and I traveled to Chicago to have a girl’s weekend and see the band U2. We are late 20-somethings with what I would consider high standards of cleanliness. What we found imperfect in the hotel- added charm and a fun feel- versus nausea or disdain. The lobby is ‘swanky’ and the rooms decorated in a very posh/Euro vibe- and you cannot go wrong with WARM, FUZZY, ZEBRA PRINTED ROBES and SLIPPERS delivered within seconds of our request- free of charge. Due to some timing issues with our shopping- we were unable to partake in the evening wine service with piano entertainment in the foyer - but we shared a cab to the concert with a couple that thought it too was great. The rooms are small, but adorably decorated and the bathrooms are Euro small- but complete with AVADA products. Located a few blocks off of Michigan Ave… you can literally see Fields from the front doors of the hotel. If you are into purses and handbags- there is an adorable shop call “her bag” one block away- you won’t find a Prada- but hundreds of cute and quality bags. I loved the Hotel Allegro and am looking forward to staying there again. IT IS NO OMNI HOTEL- but it is clean and has a fun vibe- great for 20 something’s, young couples, and ladies weekend! I must also note, the valet was the sweetest man and he always considered us a priority when hailing cabs or giving advice. Valet parking was $40, charged to your room with in and out privileges… and the valet even went to my car to retrieve something I had forgotten- and ready? Refused the tip… he said he thought he rushed me in my arrival… go, stay, enjoy!	
Jun 12 2005 	Overpriced for what you get	My coworker and I were attending a conference and opted to stay in the Hotel Allegro because of the great reviews, decent prices and proximity to our conference and also to the theatre which we enjoyed going to in the evenings. We won't make that mistake again.The bellhop who greeted our shuttle van at the door literally grabbed our bags from us and barked at us where the front desk was. The girl at the front desk, Margo, was wonderful and was very helpful. We got to our room and both of us were shocked at how tiny the room was. We had booked a room with two double beds and the beds were literally butted up against the walls on either side with only enough space for a small table between them. There was a single luggage stand and we couldn't both fit our clothing in the miniscule closet (we packed 3 outfits each - no bulky coats). There was NO drawer space. The bathroom was even tinier. When you walked into the bathroom you literally had to stand to one side to shut the door. I've been in more spacious Motel 6's for a lot less money. The pillows and beds were absolutely wonderful but most everything else left a lot to be desired.We had problems with the thermostat in our room. It was quite warm and we were unable to locate directions on how to operate the electronic thermostat. I phoned down to the front desk and received some instruction but the thermostat never did work. After spending one night tossing and turning while dripping with sweat we contacted the front desk staff again the next morning. We received a promise that engineering would &quot;look into it&quot;. We left for our conference and upon returning at 4:30 found the room still unbearably warm. We again contacted the front desk and again was promised that the engineer would check into it. After returning from an evening out at the theatre imagine our frustration and anger to discover it still wasn't fixed. We again called the front desk at which time we were told that engineering had checked into it and the room was 68 degrees which was cool enough. The thermostat on the wall read almost 74 and we were positive it was not even that cool. We were told that engineering would turn it down to 65 &quot;just for us&quot; but that still failed to cool the room. After a 4th and final call we were offered a noisy box fan which we gratefully accepted as there were numerous large conventions in town and there were no other rooms to be found (plus we weren't thrilled at the prospect of moving at midnight).Overall, the hotel was clean and I suppose, if art-deco is your style, tastefully decorated. They do employ a wonderful front-desk clerk by the name of Margo; if you happen to stay here I'd recommend dealing with her as much as possible. Their restaurant, 312 Chicago, has wonderful food but again, the personalities of the staff there leaves quite a bit to be desired.	
Jun 8 2005	Great Location and much more	Situated next to The Cadillac Theatre smack in the middle of &quot;The Loop&quot; this snazzy boutique hotel is the perfect fit for a week-end trip to Chicago - 1 block from Daley Center, 2 blocks from Marshall Fields and in the middle of the theatre district and oh so much more. We (family of three with a daughter who is seven) recently did just that. Allegro features special kid's goodies and even has a fabulous pet stay special (check out their website for these specials which includes stays for as little as $99.) All of this plus a very helpful staff with over-the-top decorations and we had a memorable stay that our daughter still talks about. Now we do a bit of traveling (New Zealand, London 3 times and this summer we are headed for Paris and Strasbourgh and later in the year to Egypt all with our daughter in-tow so we are not easily impressed and are always looking for child friendly locations. The Allegro Chicago fits the bill in all of these categories: great location, kid friendly, solid service all at a reasonable price.	
May 7 2005	Lovely Stay	Very nice room. Lovely wine and cheese service each evening. Good location. Very good restaurant. Would definitely recommend it.	
Apr 27 2005	loved it	We recently stayed at this hotel with friends and family and found it to be of very good value. The location is excellant and staff are very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant is wonderful as is the complimentary wine sessions which happen every evening. The one commnet I would make is that the rooms are quite small and there is little storage space, however this aside the rooms were clean with very comfortable beds.Overall a brilliant hotel and we will definately be staying here again.	
Apr 26 2005 	Go for the service and the food!	This is my second stay on business in Chicago at the Allegro. I flew in nine hours late after getting stuck in a terrible snow storm. The restaurant that services the hotel was about to shut down room service BUT the front desk practically bundled me off to my room with pats on the back and tender loving care saying &quot;They will be open, we'll make sure you have dinner!&quot; It was after 10:30 at night and they stop serving at 11:00 p.m. I was so thrilled I wanted to cry. (long day)I had stayed for one week in July on business before so I know the Allegro and the surrounding area fairly well. The doormen always have a smile and the porters are fabulous. The front desk staff is friendly (even when SOME of us are cranky from bad traveling!) The rooms even have Aveda products as the bath items provided! Way to go!The rooms are small I would say but this is a European style hotel. And to get those linens, I'd even go smaller. These are as close to luxury as you can get, believe me. The concierge level at many 4 stars have nothing on this Kimpton hotel. If you need space, upgrade to the King Suite. For the price it's well worth it. As far as price goes, it's very reasonable for the upscale linens, the extra care of the staff and the great food. The bar is fairly nice too if you want to catch a game while you are in Chicago. I missed the wine bar nearly every evening but did get a late glass one night. After a long day working it was wonderful.I was here on business but this is near the theatre district and would make a great romantic weekend retreat! Oh and check out the deli across the street. The size of the breakfasts you will not believe!	
Apr 12 2005	Hotel Allegro - great location friendly staff	Can't find a better location in the theatre district -- right next door to the Cadillac Palace and within a couple of blocks of the Goodman, Ford Center, and Chicago Theatre. Like other boutique hotels in the area, the building is a bit old, and the view is nonexistent -- unless you like looking at the dingy brick facades of the buildings across the street. However, the place has style, with its colorful decorations, pink walls (in our room, at least), and Aveda products in the bathrooms. The price also was more reasonable than the sister hotel, the Burnham, which was not as close to the theatres and seemed to be showing its age more than the Allegro -- I checked the rooms at both hotels before opting for the Allegro. The Allegro's front desk people were friendly, although I was annoyed that they couldn't take a reservation even when I was standing there with my credit card poised for swiping. They sent me down the hall to the house phone to call their reservation service. Weird. But they accommodated all of our requests -- quiet room, top floor, and an early check-in so we could change before going to the theatre. They even upgraded us when we arrived. Yes, the rooms and bathrooms are small and a bit run down from age, but they have character. The elevators are a bit shakey -- don't stay on the top floors if you have a fear of elevators -- but otherwise it was a charming place to stay and amazingly convenient to everything: theatres, restaurants, museums, shopping, lakefront. Finally, the concierge was great -- a guy who really seemed to like his job and enjoy helping people. He referred us to the restaurant attached to the hotel, 312 Chicago, for breakfast, and I had a great goat cheese and artichoke frittata. I would stay here again.	
Apr 11 2005 	Okay Stay	Great location in the heart of Chicago's Loop. Safe area, dining, theater, etc. The lobby is quite nice and check-in was quick, though staff seemed distracted. Hotel Allegro crams a lot of charm and style into a very small room. Bold and a bit obnoxious color schemes, patterns- this is not a calming hotel experience. However, the room is adequate and it is furnished in a refreshingly unique manner. No Thomas Kinkade knock-offs here. The bathroom was relatively clean and nicely appointed with Aveda products. The bed was comforable. The negative. I could not seem to control the heating system in my room. After being put on hold for several minutes, I was told by the front desk that the electrician would be notified. Before I could ask any further questions, she hung up on me. No one came to repair the problem and no one followed up with a phone call. The temperature continued to drop through the night. The room needed a bit more attention to detail. The inside of the toilet was stained, tissue box holder was broken, mirrors appeared old and smeared, the decorative pillows on the bed needed to be washed or replaced. The walls are thin. You'll have to hope for quiet neighbors. I got my room through Hotwire and I think at 80 dollars per night, I got a good deal. I'm not sure I'd seek out Hotel Allegro next time, but it is a fine value considering the location.	
Mar 28 2005	Very Good Stay	All in all, a very nice hotel. First the positives:- Location: In the Loop, so it's near State Street/Marshall Field's, central business and financial district, etc.- The hotel's restaurants: There are two- 312 Chicago and Encore. 312 Chicago serves great &quot;Italian-Inspired American Cuisine&quot; and Encore does a nice lunch.- Overall Decor- Very Clean- Very nice/engaging staff- Pet-friendly- The free evening wine was a great touch...and just a couple of negatives:- We booked a non-smoking room only to be told that the only room meeting our requirements (a double-double) was located on a smoking floor.- Very small bathroom	
Mar 20 2005	Booked and then found this site.	Spent a week here at the start of jan 2005. Was meeting a freind so whanted a great hotel in a good location. Booked and then found this site, so spent most of the flight from the uk to chicago thinking i'd booked in a dump. I neednt have worryed.I cant comment on the thin walls and tiny rooms, as i upgraded to a king premier room, witch was the side room to an empty suite, didnt hear a peep out of the room on the other side of the corridor, tough saw people going in. I was surpised by the room a little it did seem small when i first walked in, but it was big enougth for two, with all our bags and junk we picked up along the way.There was only 2 problems with the stay. I asked for rose petals on the bed, for the third night and they where on the bed when i got there, lucky though i had to meet them eslewhere, this was sorted real quick, the concerige (Who was very nice and helpfull the few time i asked him stuff) called and said sorry the next day (i know it toeing the corpate line but i belived he actually was sorry.) and sent us a bottle of chapagne free. The second was far more serious, I had never tried Tootise rolls before and the hotel has a bowel on the front desk, i am now addicted to them, even our daring daylight raid to grab as many as we could (we liberated sevral kilos)wasnt enough and i ran out a few weeks ago. The wine hour was great and evryone was frendly, we even got free tickets given to us to see the musical in the ajoining therare, They where given to some frinds of mine who didnt use them, so they passed them on.I left some stuff in there hotel safty deposit box, withch they sorted in no time and sent out to me, when i called once i had arrived home.I would stay there again, without hesitateing.	
Mar 14 2005	Over Decorated Closet!!	This hotel is more like a over decorated closet space! My boyfriend and I attempt to celebrate our anniversary this past weekend at Hotel allegro. We had reservation for two days but we left after one night of this dump! It was very high price for the space offered. I must admit, I did read the reviews prior to making reservation. I did read about how small the room were but the internet pictures made the rooms appear romantic so I decided to give it try. After all, we were looking for a intimate environment. Big Mistake!! The walls were so thin that we reserve to make any love making noise. We can hear the conversations going on in both rooms next to us. The actual closet space was so small that when we hung our coats up, the door could not stay shut, which made even less room.We had a lovely view of a brick wall. I asked for an upgrade, and was told there wasn't any Better rooms available. We soon turned irritated with each other because of the lack of oxygen flow in the room, so we checked out early the next day. I am aware that most hotels downtown has space issues but hotel allegro is well overpriced for the space. The only good thing about this hotel is the complimentary wine hour. I would not reccommend this place to stay to anyone unless you pay $60 or less!	
Mar 9 2005 	Disappointing first visit to a Kimpton Hotel.	We stayed two nights. We were registered by a very unfriendly desk attendant. He was very cold. Our room was very, very small and the closet did not even hold the few clothes we packed for two days. The room was stylishly decorated but lacked the nice small touches such as an extra pillow in the closet. We were attracted to this hotel because a bar was on the ground level - however when we went to have a drink, the door to the bar was locked. We called to inquire why the sign said was open when it really wasn't and were told they were short staffed, 'sorry'. WHAT?? are you running here? You are a hotel in the country's third largest city and your amenities are open at whim? This was our first and last visit to a Kimpton hotel.	
Feb 26 2005	Outstanding staff	My wife and I stayed at the Allegro for two days in February, and it was not only the best stay we've ever had in Chicago, it was possibly the best stay we've had anywhere. We tend to try out different hotels. In past visits to Chicago, we've stayed at the Wyndham, the Omni, Sutton Place, the Fairmont, Hotel 71, Swissotel, and the Radisson -- none of them have even remotely compared to the service we got at the Allegro. As soon as we arrived, we were greeted by two people who immediately took care of our car and our luggage. They were not only friendly, they seemed to be genuinely happy. We talked with one of the guys for a minute or so and he had us both laughing. The lobby is beautifully decorated and very welcoming. The desk clerk got us checked in quickly and was very helpful in answering a few questions I had about the hotel. We got to our room and started to settle in for the typical half hour wait to get our luggage, but within two minutes the bellman was already there. When we called for more towels on the second day, they arrived almost immediately. We had the same experience when we left--unbelievably fast service. I called for a bellman and there was a knock on the door in about a minute. My wife and I looked at each other in shock--it was if we had staff members personally assigned to us. When we got downstairs, our car was already there too--only about five minutes after I had called for it. Best of all, everybody was not only amazingly efficient, they were genuinely NICE. That includes the staff at the restaurant, at the lounge, and at the evening wine reception. Only in Vegas have I ever experienced this level of uniformly outstanding helpful and friendly service. Everyone who works there should be extremely proud to be part of such an amazing team of service professionals. They made this last visit to Chicago our best visit yet. My wife and I can not say how much we appreciated it.	
Feb 24 2005	Right on!	The staff was very pleasant and the rooms were lovely. I will definately stay at other Kimpton hotels in the future. It was a little off of the beaten path which was nice, but still near the Loop when we wanted to hit any tourist stuff. Excellent value for the money!	
Feb 19 2005	an interesting experience	We stayed in this hotel over the fourth of July holiday. We didn't know that the fireworks downtown would be held on July 3rd, so we arrived to the hotel late and very tired with two children. We called several times to make sure our rooms would be held (since we arrived after 11pm) and we found that check in was fairly good for the chaos of downtown during this event.The rooms are smalish. We had a room on the 17th floor with two double beds. But the bathrooms were very nice with aveda products and the beds were very comfortable. The decor is funky and fun and the bowls of tootsie rolls in the lobby was a hit with the kids. I found the staff to be very helpful (my sister left her contact solution in the car and he walked her up the wild valet garage to retreive it with little to no complaint). While the el was muffled, you could still hear approaching trains. We were on the corner overlooking the el and I have to say, it was a hit with the kids. While the adults vegged the kids sat in the window sill , fascinated by the trains. Who says that's a detraction? when we arrived, the air was not on and the room was hot. The system appeared to be on the fritz but a worker was called in immediately to fix it. While not crisp, the room was enough to satisfy my needs and that of my family. It's close enough to walk just about everywhere (the mag mile, the museums and shopping) with the el being very close for other trips.All in all, this was a nice experience. It was clean and comfy. And when my nephew threw up 5 minutes before check out time, the hotel told us to take our time and asked if we needed any help with the clean up. In a town where they love to charge late fees, that was a nice bonus.	
Feb 15 2005	February Weekend	The wife and I stayed 3 nights February 4th. We had a fairly quiet room on the 17th floor. My only complaint as mentioned before is the plumbing noise. You can hear the water running and toilets flush quite loudly.Last year we stayed at the Burnham. Both are nice hotels in a good location. We got a better rate at the Allegro this time around. Next time it will just boil down to room rates. At similar rates I would stay at the Burnham. We had another great time in Chicago.	
Feb 2 2005	Enjoyed staying at the Allegro	Lovely hotel! Stayed at Hotel Allegro in November 2004. Rooms are a little small but there is so much to do it isn't really that important. Decor is fun and the little touches are well thought out. Excellent spot, near to all shopping and theatre essentials. Adjoining hotel provides a lovely breakfast. I would definately stay here again!	
Jan 14 2005	small older rooms but fun place!	The closet and my room were extremely small. It didn't bother me but if I was traveling with my husband the two of us together would have felt cramped. The rooms are older loooking, not your cookie cutter Marriott room. Having said that, the staff is very friendly and helpful with special requests. The evering wine reception was a great idea, lobby is funky, and a good location.	
Dec 13 2004	Cool Hotel	My Fiancee and I stayed at the Allegro last December for 3 nights (2003) and were very impressed. We had upgraded our room to a junior suite and couldn't have been more happy with our accommodation. The large room at the front of the hotel had a spacious lounge area and seperate bathroom with en suite. The location was fine and we were able to walk to everywhere we wanted to go. We did manage to get a look in some of the other rooms near ours and although they were all decorated in the same funky style they did range from being large to quite small which we would have found dissapointing. I would suggest that on booking or checking in you try your luck for an upgraded room if staying for more than 2 nights or ask for a larger room.The free wine in the evening was a nice touch.	
Dec 8 2004	Neat hotel	I stayed one night for business. I was very impressed by the hip decor of the hotel. The evening wine tasting was a nice touch as I checked in. Rooms were very nice, although it was clear the walls were thin because you could hear the person above the room flushing their toilet.I would definitely recommend it on business. The free wi-fi access was a nice touch.	
Dec 3 2004	Nice decor	For the price it is a good deal. The hotel decor is very nice and contemporary. The lobby is very nice with a wine hour every day from 5 to 6 pm. It is in the financial district which is a ways away from the magnificent mile. The rooms are somewhat small, but very comfortable and nice. The bathroom I must agree is tiny. The bathtub is subpar and there is no sink/counter space. But how much time do you spend in the bathroom. We stayed there for two days before moving to the W Lakeshore ( it was cheaper and the company was paying for the W). The W is a lot nicer, but also more expensive.I would stay at the Hotel Allegro again, and I am very picky about cleanliness and niceness.	
Dec 1 2004 	Great stay!	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Allegro for 2 days over thanksgiving and thoroughly enjoyed our visit. The hotel decor is funky and different. The rooms are small but we weren't in Chicago to sit in out hotel room. The lobby is a fun place to hang out, especially during the free daily happy hour. There is free internet right at the front desk which was great for planning dinner or a trip to the museum. The staff is very helpful.	
Nov 29 2004	Teeny Tiny Rooms	The first time we stayed at The Allegro, we were give a corner room, which was spacious, but you literally could not turn around in the bathroom. This past summer, we were given this horrible tiny room. The grout in the shower had mold growing. Never, ever again!	
Nov 7 2004	Not Really All That Great	Just came back from a quick trip to Chicago with my husband. When in the city we prefer to stay at the Sutton Place, however a wine tasting event we were going to was within walking distance of the Hotel Allegro and since we like trying boutique hotels we thought we'd give it a try.The lobby was very nice and modern. Good location in the theater district within walking distance to MI Ave. The room, however was quite small. We did have a king size bed which was good (bed a little hard though). The bathroom was extremely small. Given few towels and they were thin not plush. The biggest issue was that the walls were paper thin. Early Saturday morning we could hear the entire conversation of the party next to us as we tried to sleep in from a late night (by sleep in I mean until 8 am). Also as we tried to sleep the cleaning lady tried to come into the room TWICE both times before 9 am. It's pretty safe to say we'll never stay here again.	
Oct 28 2004	Good value on weekend rates Worth checking out.	We stayed here on a weekend rate for a getaway. The room was decent with unique decor. Bed &amp; bathroom were fine, what more do you need? Good TV and wireless internet. Hotel dates to the Depression era (I stayed here in the 1980s when it was the REALLY funky Bismarck) but has been remodeled and modernized. The only issue we had was the elevators...they were fast but small, and at busy times get swamped. Tip: Go behind the normal elevators and take the service elevator. It's much larger, faster, and you pop out behind the bell desk. The wine happy hour in the evening was a blast and the wine steward was a lot of fun. The lobby decor was funky and fun, some might find it a little strange. Overall the staff was quite friendly and helpful even though the hotel was very busy. Location is convenient and plenty of (typically EXPENSIVE) parking garages nearby.We got a decent nightly rate about $110 including the rapacious Chicago hotel taxes &amp; fees. (About 16%) True bargain hotels are getting rare in Chicago but this one is a decent value for downtown, especially on a good weekender rate.	
Oct 24 2004	Great staff Attention	We spent a long weekend in the Allegro and the staff went out of their way to be helpful. We found the hotel room on the 18th floor was very clean with white fluffy towels and a comfy duvet cover which was a nice change from the usual hotel spreads. The location was great and we could walk to great restaurants and other sites. We only took taxis when we were tired of walking. The free wine in the lobby at 5pm is welcome treat at the end of the day before dinner. I do agree that the walls are thin and talking can be heard in the next room but the cleaniness and great staff make it a place to return.	
Oct 18 2004	Awesome Allegro	Spent a long weekend in Chicago at the Hotel Allegro. From the moment of arrival to the last minute of departure I found the staff warm, friendly, professional, and always went above and beyond the call of duty.Our room was tastefully decorated and the duvet was so cozy. The bathtub drain needed some attention as did the leaky toilet and an electrical plug on a lamp that was not working....otherwise a winner! I'll return!	
Oct 13 2004	Hotel Allegro Chicago	When I heard that I was coming to Chicago and staying at the Allegro Hotel I thought Yipee! The last time I stayed here I had a great time and again this time.The conceriege was very helpful with directions.Check in was quick.No view but that' s okay because it was quiet.Room was Very cool- art deco style. Cool Do not Disturb and Jazz up my room tag for the door.FANTASTIC work out room. Each machine had it's own flat screen.I forgot my sweatshirt in there. When I called housekeeping Julia took the ball and ran with it. 10 minutes later it showed up at my door with a followup call to make sure I got it.Lovely lobby. Just overall FANTASTIC!!! Leave the car at home and take the loop because the station is very close by with all the Chicago has to offer.	
Oct 5 2004	Long on Style Short on Everything Else	The Hotel Allegro has a few positives going for it. First, it does get lots of points for style - unique decor, fun activities like a wine hour, gourmet coffee in the room, theatre district location and architecture.But as a hotel, all the basics are sub-par for the price. Rooms are tiny. A run-of-house one bed room has a queen bed, not a king. Bathrooms are cramped and understocked.Most important of all - as reported in other reviews, I have to concur that the walls are VERY THIN. We in fact heard regular conversation and lots of other sounds from the room next door on many occasions. One would think that they would have bothered to re-insulate the walls when they rehabbed the building, but that was apparently not done. This alone assures I won't stay there again.	
Sep 15 2004	Thin Walls	Cool hotel...but you can hear your neighbors. I have been here twice. I thought the first time was a fluke to hear my neighbors so I went again. Yuck all over again. I could hear entire conversations, and these people were not being loud. I asked to change rooms and the management was not that accommodating. I don't think I would ever stay here again. There is one good think about the hotel. Its pet friendly...but than again so is the Hotel Monaco and its much nicer.	
Sep 14 2004	Hotel Allegro is a great place to stay	Hurricane Frances scared us away from our original vacation plans in Florida so we decided to visit Chicago instead. We made reservations at Hotel Allegro the same day we arrived. We had stayed in other Kimpton Hotels previously, but this was our first stay at Hotel Allegro. Hotel Allegro did not disappoint us. We had a funky, spacious room on the 18th floor. Like other Kimpton Hotels, the front desk service was wonderful as was the concierge. We had no problem with noise. The location was perfect as public transportation was within 3 blocks. I highly recommend Hotel Allegro.	
Sep 14 2004	Loved the Allegro	There was a group of 10 that travelled to Chicago recently and spent 3 nights at the Allegro. We all loved it from the friendly service when we checked in to the very helpful concierge. The rooms were small but fine. The location was perfect. We walked to the Magnificent mile...to the Sears Tower and took a boat tour on the Chicago river. I would definitely go back to the Allegro...They also had a wine hour every night. Very enjoyable trip.	
Sep 14 2004	Loved it!	Just to let others know my stay at the Hotel Allegro in the Loop section of Chicago was great. The rooms were fun, hotel staff EXCELLENT!!! I had read some mixed reviews but my stay was great!! Everyone should give the hotel a try. Kimpton Properties have won me over.	
Sep 7 2004	A Visit of Wine	I stayed 9 days and the service was outstanding!. I was upgraded to a suite for the same price without even asking for it. The wine at 5-6 PM hour was a great way to meet people and the atmosphere was just right. I recommend this hotel if you are looking for value for buck...but if you are extremely picky stay at the RITZ.	
Sep 1 2004	Ssssh! The person next door might be listening!	I have stayed at several hotels during my time as a business traveler. This is the first time that I have felt like I was actually sharing my hotel room with my next door neighbors. The walls in this hotel are so thin that you can clearly hear conversations going on in the room next door. Tell no secrets in this hotel.	
Aug 30 2004	Cute little hotel	My husband and I decided to go to Chicago for our 2nd anniversary, he has never been before and I had a few years back and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton...which I thought was overpriced and old for what you got. I researched numerous hotels in this area. I wanted a reasonably priced, cute, quaint, hotel with a different atmosphere and decor. This is what we got. I was horrified once I read the reviews after having booked because I had spent soo long reviewing spots before I booked. We got to the hotel and were greeted wonderfully even before we stepped out of the cab from the bellmen...who promptly took our luggage...probably because he wanted a tip, which we did tip him. The lobby is very cute, not your average boring decor in most hotels. Our room was small, but what do you need...just a bed and shower, right? We were gone all day most days and we would get home and enjoy the 5 o clock free wine hour and retire to our room...we found plenty of space for our clothes and hanging itmes although the closet is small. The bathroom is very small...no counter room for any of your toiletries. I cleared off all of their little decor on the counter above the sink and put all of my things on it. Our room was hot...we like it cold at night 68-72 degrees is our preference and we had it set at 65 and it was scorching. I enjoyed the hotel for what it was. There are so many places in Chicago I wouldn't stay there again just because I don't like to go to the same spot twice. If your looking for a huge nice luxury room don't stay here...but if you don't mind a quaint romantic smaller sized room that's a bit older but has stylish decor this is the place to stay. All in all we had a very nice time at the Allegro....Have fun!	
Aug 23 2004 	Great place to stay	I stayed at the Allegro for several days in August 2004 and I would defintely stay again. I had a very large room with a huge bathroom, although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout. The lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges, a nice place to enjoy the simple (2 choices, no munchies) but pleasant wine reception. At night, there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity, other than theater traffic, but it's a short cab ride to Michigan Avenue shopping and River North restaurants.	
Aug 23 2004	Don't believe the hype!	As a frequent traveler to Chicago, I generally stay at the Sutton Court, but thought I would try a different boutique hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again. The first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet, leaving me absolutely claustrophobic! Actually the smallest hotel room I've been in in the U.S! I complained to the front desk, who then moved me to a &quot;premium&quot; room -- still quite small, but manageably so. The bathroom was tiny, without a vanity, making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room. The location leaves much to be desired, as my room looked out directly onto the El (elevated subway - background noise), and the street was pretty deserted on a Sunday evening. I will say that the free wi-fi was great. If you can find a chain or other hotel closer to Michigan Avene, I'd highly recommend you take that. If you want a nice room in a great location, check out Sutton Place hotel instead.	
Aug 18 2004	Great Surprise	Wow, my wife and I just went to chicago for the weekend for our 1 year anniversary. We had a great time and the hotel allegro and their staff were awesome. We loved the place , you can tell it is old, but refinished. The first night we stayed in a small room, it was nice and cozy (but small). I asked john at the front desk the next night if he could upgrade us being that it was our anniversary. He took care of us and when we moved on saturday we walked into a HUGE awesome suite on the 12th floor, the place is posh. 2 flat screen tv's, jacuzzi for two, california king with down pillowtop (had that first night too) and a windows all around. I would highky recommed this place. We found it on expedia.com for 96 a night. Also recommed the bar downstairs (encore) for a killer shaken martini's. Also recommend a great italian restaurant called Pene Caldo, nice anniversary dinner. Allego is in an awesome spot right in the theatre district ($5 cab ride anywhere downtown). We had no preconceived notions, what a nice surprise.	
Aug 16 2004	Nice Lobby but not so nice room	Stayed for 3 nights for our anniversary. I went on thier website and was impressed. When we arrived, the lobby was very nice and the staff was very friendly. It was in a very convienent location and we were able to walk everywhere. The room was another story. The carpet was soaked with water from the air conditioner. There was only 1 outlet in the entire room and it was connected to the lamp. The bathroom only had 1 outlet as well, and the toilet had a bunch of cracks in it. I didn't care for the room at all. Not worth the $$	
Aug 16 2004	Good Service	I spent 3 nights in Hotel Allegro from the 6th to the 8th of August. I booked my room thru Expedia. However, as I checked in, my reservation was not found. The staff was very friendly and arranged a new room for me in no time. On top of that, they even let me check in my room right a way (at 7 AM). The doorman T.J. was very helpful.The room in Allegro is smaller than her sister hotel Monaco (a room in Monaco costs 50% higher than in Allegro and it is much bigger). In addition, as other travellers also mentioned, the wall is thin in Allegro. So, bring your own CD is really a must. In general, Allegro is good value for your money.	
Aug 13 2004	Great value fun hotel	We spent four nights in August 2004 at the Hotel Allegro. We chose the hotel because of its central location in the theatre district of Chicago (very close to two El stations, and a 5-10 minute walk from the excellent Millennium Park) and for its low prices - c. $100 per night incl. tax. Our room was quite small (larger ones were available, but we checked in late) but perfectly pleasant, with fun touches such as bright pink walls and a CD player. It was also pleasantly quiet, despite being located opposite the elevators and the ice machine room. The hotel offers free wireless internet in all areas, including all guestrooms, and has a complimentary wine hour from 5-6 pm in the spacious lobby, which features velvet couches, candles and an open fire. The hotel also has a lively bar and a good Italian restaurant. All the staff we encountered were extremely friendly and helpful. All in all, we were very happy with our stay at the Allegro, and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 12 2004	Good	After reading many mixed reviews on this website I was reluctant to keep my reservation, but I am glad that I did. Yes, the room was tiny and ours didn't have a view, but being in the heart of the city we didn't spend a lot of time in the room any way. One plus about the room was that the bed was super comfortable. The location is great! It is a very short walk from the blue line that goes to and from O'hare. That saved us a lot of money on renting a car and parking! We walked to the new Millennium Park in just a couple of minutes. Also, there is great Chicago pizza or hot dogs just a block away. Finally, the Encore lounge in the hotel is very roomy and had good drinks.	
Aug 3 2004	Okay but not special	My expectations may have been too high before arriving, the other reviews made this sound like a really wonderful place with superior service. I thought it was an average place, with average service and overpriced decor. Sure, it was very cute and stylish, but after a few days I would gladly have traded such a fancy lobby for an english muffin and glass of OJ in the morning. Nobody likes the ugly bedding and wallpaper in the average Best Western, but nobody likes paying $2 for a grocery-store croissant either.The room was clean and comfortable, and plenty large enough for a couple to enjoy a long weekend. I don't know if we got the same size room everyone else seems to think is so tiny, but it was fine for us. View was terrible, but what are you gonna do - it's a city, some sides of buildings just have to face other buildings.My main complaint is with the neighborhood. If you're coming during the week to see a show in the theater district, this might be a good option. Otherwise, expect there to be absolutely nothing open on the weekends - no restaurants, no bars, no shopping. Even the bar connected to the hotel was not open during most of our visit, not that we really wanted an $8 martini anyway. If you want to shop and enjoy a variety of restaurants, I recommend the River North neighborhood. We saw plenty of hotels around that area where we wish we had stayed instead.Also not terribly impressed with the service. I realize it just LOOKS 4-star, we didn't pay 4-star room rates so I probably shouldn't complain. But, we nearly missed our train when we tried to retrieve our luggage from storage (since we had to check out prior to the time we had to leave) and the bellman had gone on lunch with nobody to handle customers in his absence. When we checked in, we weren't told where anything was, i.e. concierge, gift shop, fitness room, etc. It turned out the fitness room was closed for remodeling, which nobody mentioned. We got enough exercise hoofing it across town to get some affordable food and drinks, but to anybody interested in working out on-property this might be an issue.It wasn't by any means a terrible place, just not what we had in mind. If you need a cozy place to rest your head after an off-broadway show, Hotel Allegro might be the place for you.	
Aug 2 2004	A Terrible night in the Allegro.	The reviews sounded cool, but the room was HOT! They told us for nearly 2 hours that they were working on getting our room cooler (felt about 80 in the room, we were sweltering in the heat). It NEVER got any cooler!Then, the ice machine kept my wife awake untiil at least 3:00am. The &quot;Premier&quot; room we had (was &quot;supposed&quot; to be 440.s.f. and couldn't have been more then 350s.f. including!! the 8x10, separated by a door, un air-conditioned closet!!! Add $34.00 for the valet parking and the value went way down too. Sorry, but maybe you should look elsewhere the next time in Chicago, I will be.	
Jul 29 2004	Cute Place!	I loved this hotel! It was in a great location, I felt very safe! The Bell Staff were great (Tony), the Front Desk could learn a bit more about being extra friendly though. My room was small but it was very, very cute! I loved the furnishings and the Aveda ammenities! Even though the room I had was small I found it very cozy! The wine hour was cool and the concierge I owe big time as she got me free tickets to see OPRAH!!! Thank you so much! The only warning I have to say about this hotel is watch the long distance charges on the phone and when you use your computer to connect to the Internet. My phone bill was out of control but I negotiated with the front desk and they helped me out! Great hotel, cute rooms, great location! Their bar and restaurant is great as well!!	
Jul 26 2004	My Perfect Place to Stay in Chicago	My third and best visit to the Windy City, Chicago is by far one of my most favorite &quot;Big City&quot; destinations (and I've traveled all over the world). The Allegro made the difference! It's an easy 35-min. ride on and four-minute walk from the &quot;El&quot; from Midway Airport to the Allegro--right in the heart of the city (in &quot;the Loop&quot;) in what's known as the Theater District. The Allegro is close to many fine and famous shops, restaurants and attractions. During my three-night/four-day visit, I didn't spend one dime on transportation (other than the $3.50 from than back to the airport). I walked almost everywhere I wanted to go! (Cousin, Doug, was kind enough to take me a bit further out of the Loop for a taste of fantastic German food and to the Second City Comedy Club.)As for the Allegro: Comfy, comfy, comfy! What a wonderful view from our 14th floor suite. So many great amenities and touches. The service: Superb! The Allegro is a treasure for sure. Another plus: The Allegro is steps to my favorite breakfast place: &quot;Corner Bakery&quot;, where I leisurely sat to read the morning paper, &quot;The Chicago Tribune&quot; while enjoying a scrumptious and reasonably-priced meal...Chicago was a lovely stopover on the way to New York City, thanks to the Allegro!P.S. Now that I've experienced both great cities, I can say without a doubt that I prefer Chicago over NYC.	
Jul 19 2004	Great Location Great staff Great bar Great Stay	This is an great hotel, from check in to check out we experienced quality service. Good room with cool stylings, wi-fi high speed internet a real plus. I will recomend this hotel to my friends. I plan to be back as soon as possible maybe this next week, I found a new home in Chicago. No More Hiltons, Mariotts, or Hyatt....the Kimpton Hotels are for me.	
Jul 16 2004	Fantastic hotel	LOVED THIS HOTEL! The overall theme of the hotel is whimsical and fun. The decor of the rooms is fantastic and ties in well with the theatre district where it is located. The Aveda products are a treat and the staff was fantastic. When asking for directions to a local site while checking in, the employee actually mapquested directions and printed them out for us. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 13 2004	Loved the Allegro	Went up to Chicago with my boyfriend to see the Cubs play at Wrigley Field during the 4th of July weekend and we decided to book our hotel at the Allegro. It turned out to be a great idea. The location was excellent. Catching the Red Line to Wrigley was a breeze. There was a Corner's Bakery, McDonald's, Arby's and a Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream shop close by. You can also order a classic deep dish pizza from Gino's East and have it delivered right to your room. Even though the room is small and the walls are thin (I could hear my next door neighbor's conversation clearly one morning), the room and bathroom are clean. If we decide to take another trip to Chicago, I'm sure we will book at the Allegro.	
Jul 10 2004	Not your usual hotel	We stayed at Hotel Allegro in October 2003, our first time visiting Chicago. The first thing I loved about Allegro was it's funky, unique decor. It's so great staying somewhere that has character! No boring mismatched florals and hideous wallpaper here! Rooms are small, but it the ambience more than made up for it! Dimmer lights, funky bolster pillows, cool art, and modern, padded headboard! The bathroom was very small, but very clean, and shower worked great. I was also elated to find Aveda products in the bathroom. Usually you get those no-name generic tolietries, but here- Rosemary-Mint Aveda! Nice surprise. Staff was pleasant and nice, very reasonable price, good theater-district locale, and not even a block away from el stop. If room size is a big deal to you, don't stay here. But I found the quality and character to be much more inviting than a huge, yet non-descript and bland chain room could ever be.	
Jul 7 2004	Highly Recommend	Stayed one night at Hotel Allegro over the Fourth of July weekend at a rate of $89. What an amazing experience from beginning to end. Made my reservation directly through the Hotel and requested a room on a floor in which animals were not permitted since my husband is allergic to pet hair and Allegro is a pet-friendly hotel. My request was well-received and accommodated. Upon arrival and as soon as my cab pulled up to the door, an attendant gathered up my bags and sent them up to the reception desk, located on the second floor. A bell man then brought my bags up to the room minutes after I'd opened the door. The staff at the front desk was hospitable and helpful. I checked in an hour before my room was guaranteed to be ready but was given a room that was comparable in size. Front desk attendant even went as far to tell me that if I was dissatisfied with the room that I could always change back to my original reservation. The room was small but comfortable and clean. Requested additional towels via housekeeping and (I kid you not) someone knocked on my door seconds later with far more towels than expected. Checking out was a breeze. Attendant offered to store our bags if needed. Plenty of cabs were waiting outside to take us to our destination. Would highly recommend.	
Jun 28 2004	Top notch downtown hotel!	What a great hotel! I got a very reasonable rate for a double room (that's two double beds - hard to find in Chicago, at least on my budget). Hotel was immaculate, and offered service superior to just about anywhere I've ever stayed. Elegant lobby worth hanging out in, free wine daily, full service bellman, luggage storage if you arrive early or leave late (complete with claim check) and a WALK-IN CLOSET in my room! AND, it's right in the middle of everything. Live jazz in the lounge on the lower level, several theaters within 2 blocks.Did I mention that I'd consider this a &quot;budget&quot; hotel? Yet the service and guest focus seems superior to Marriott and friends.One caution - if you're doing a guys' weekend, the theatrical decor may seem a little frilly...but if you're just a normal human or family traveling for business or pleasure...Allegro is a great choice!	
Jun 21 2004	The most romantic funky hospitable hotel!	I wanted to find a memorable place to stay in Chicago because I was going to meet with a gentleman that I knew five years ago. Not only did we love the ambiance of the hotel, but the entire staff was amazing. The doorman was the most memorable! The walls are a little thin , but just bring some cd's and you won't be able to hear a thing. Small, intimate, funky rooms were perfect for a romantic, but fun weekend!	
Jun 8 2004	Always a great stay!!	We always stay at this hotel whenever we want to spend the weekend downtown. I always get a great rate from Hotwire. Can't beat the free wine happy hour, the down comforters and Aveda products. Rooms are a little on the smaller side, but that's minor for the price and perks.	
Jun 1 2004	Wonderful hotel!	We spent 4 nights at the Allegro over Memorial Day Weekend and loved it! We got a free upgrade to a suite, the rooms were fun, the service was great. The all-you-can-drink wine hour was very nice; the lounge is cool and everyone was there mixing it up. The walls were not too thin, but if you have rude loud people next door (as we did one night), you may hear it. Otherwise, very quiet. The rooms were very comfortable, everyone was friendly and helpful and it was a fun hotel all in all. Way better than those boring old basic hotels like the Hilton and Hyatt! Very close to an L station and an easy walk to everything = Good Locale.	
May 30 2004	Super!!	Cozy sophisticated room with lots of amenities. We enjoyed the happy hour and the staff was extremely accommodating. The location couldn't be beat, as well.	
May 24 2004	It was Fantastic!!!!!!!	Our four days in Chicago were great and the hotel was fantastic. Everyone was helpful and very kind. Our room was clean and cozy. It was a tad small but we didn't mind because it made up for the lack of space in other ways. We just had a fantastic time in Chicago and the helpful staff made it more enjoyable. Would book with them in a heart beat again!!!!!	
May 5 2004	Loved it!	My Mother, my aunt and myself recently took a trip to Chicago and stayed here, April 15th through the 19th, 2004. We had a wonderful time. Our room was good sized and had all the amenities. The hotel is very centrally located, within walking distance of all of the good stuff, Magnificent mile, Grant Park, Art Institute and lots of shopping and restaurants. It is located right next door to the Cadillac Palace Theatre so we were lucky enough to find 3 tickets to the Phantom of the Opera, a must see. All in all a wonderful stay and the hotel and concierge were all very helpful and polite. Oh ya, the wine hour is really great!	
Mar 31 2004	Great Family Hotel	We just got back from a wonderful weekend at the Hotel Allegro. We had a corner room, which was spacious enough for my husband and two children. The art deco room decor is really fun and we loved the animal print bathrobes. My husband and I enjoyed the wine tasting at 5 in the lobby and the children liked the free tootsie rolls. I was especially impressed with the helpful hotel staff. From the concierge who promptly e-mailed me responses to my last minute pre-arrival questions to the doorman who gave us great ideas on where to take my children for breakfast, what great employees! The location is perfect for attending a show at the nearby theaters but you do have to take a cab or public transport to the museums or to go shopping on Magnificent Mile.	
Mar 16 2004	Nice hotelgood location	Good location of Hotel Allegro in the theatre district. Nice lobby, friendly and knowledgeable staff. The room was clean and interior design different from most known hotels, very nice. We also liked the complimentary wine tasting in the afternoon. We dined at restaurant 312 (adjacent to Hotel Allegro), very nice place. My husband and I would definitely recommend both the hotel and the restaurant for example for a romantic weekend. Good value.	
Mar 3 2004	Hotel Allegro is great for location and price.	The Hotel Allegro is a great deal if you can get a low rate (under $ 100) and if you are not spending a lot of time in the room. The location is great. It is in the heart of the theater district. Do not expect a good view. If you want a view, look at pricier hotels on the Mag Mile. You will most likely pay at least $200 for a view. There are several modes of transportation available, including the EL. The rooms are quite small. I would strongly suggest only two per room. The bathrooms are also very small. The room is decorated in a very funky, modern style with a music motif. The room service is fairly efficient and the honor bar is pricey but has a good selection. One word of warning: the walls are VERY thin...my husband and I woke up around 3 a.m. to the sounds of the next room's headboard slamming into the wall...no need to say more. If you have kids with you, be prepared to explain the birds and the bees! Ha! In the evenings, there is complimentary wine in the lobby. The staff is really nice and the atmosphere is great. The hotel is actually attached to the Palace theater, so you are only a few steps from a great show. If you are a couple, students, or budget-minded and you want a great hotel at a great price with a great location, then the Hotel Allegro is for you. Another bit of advice, if you find cheaper rates than the hotel offers, the hotel will match that other rate and upgrade you to a better room, such as a suite, just for booking directly with them.	
Feb 2 2004	Lovely place	We stayed for a couple of nights ilast mid-November. Room was well-appointed, quiet, and staff was very accomodating. We paid $79. a night through Priceline, making the Allegro among the least expensive hotels we have ever stayed in. Nice place--bravo to Kimpton!	
Jan 14 2004	Unique Experience	We stayed at the Hotel Allegro in December. There were a couple of things that went wrong but the staff were so friendly and caring it made up for our inaccurate bill, our room not being ready, and assigning us to a smoking room when a non-smoking room was requested.Their kind and sincere attitudes with their friendly smiles made our stay so positive we soon forgot about the mishaps and had one of the most unique stays so far in Chicago. The location next to the Palace Theater is unbeatable as we discovered walking 1/2 block to see the Lion King. Their restaurant 312 was FANTASTIC. We got prompt curteous service , our table with a view was wonderful and the meal made our time in Chicago one we'll never forget.	
Jan 13 2004	Funky cool room great location	We stayed at the Allegro New Year's Eve, and had a great time. There was a bit of a wait for check-in and elevators, but no big deal since there was wine/champagne while you waited. The room was small, but decorated very cool. You can't beat the location, it is walkable to everything so you save $$ on cabs. The express check-out is great, just leave the keys in the room, wish more hotels had that service. I wouldn't recommend if you are staying more than a couple nights since you'd probably need a bigger room, but for a night or two it is perfect. You can't beat the price for being right in the Loop. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Jan 5 2004	great hotel great location great deal	my boyfriend and i had a great new year's weekend in chicago... thanks in great part to the allegro. we were given a very warm reception and a small but cosy and funky room. the bed was comfy and the shower was strong and hot. they always made us feel welcome and were generous with the complimentary wine from 5-6. that's really a treat with the fire in the fireplace and cool couches for lounging on. sharonjoy helped us find a fantastic (open) restaurant on new year's day night. shopping, the art museum and trains to everywhere are within easy walking distance. and my favorite part is that we got it for a great deal on that oh so famous bidding site. :-). high recommendation!	
Jan 4 2004	Great location for business trip/theatre	Fantastic location if you have business within the Loop or if you are in Chicago to see a show.I was very pleased with my room; it was on the small size, but extremely comfortable and clean, and as jaded as I can be sometimes, I loved the Aveda bath products. And the lobby area is lovely!I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful.Two small negatives: I didn't care so much because I had early meetings, but the area around the hotel is rather dull at night; you'll have to cab it for any serious nightlife. (The hotel bar seems to be a popular spot though). Also, the elevators were a bit on the slow side...no big deal unless you are running late.I would not hesitate to stay there again the next time I am in Chicago on business.	
Dec 31 2003	Not so nice	Stayed here mid October with mixed results. Great location to theater district, downtown shopping and restaurants, however several problems. First arrived only one elevator working which presents a problem as lobby/reception is on 2nd floor. Not properly staffed at check in and then over 45 mins to get elevator to 5th floor room. Room was small by any standards (I love older historic hotels and am used to small spaces but this is ridiculous). Hotel was sold out so even though I made reservation online and was promised room upgrade none were available and no apology or discussion at check in. Overall staff were distant and cold. 35 mins to retrieve car from valet at check out. Have stayed at sister property Hotel Monoco and loved it but this was truly a disappointment.	
Dec 25 2003	Not as good as I remembered	This is about the fourth time we stayed at the Allegro. The previous times, I have nothing but good to say about the Allegro. But my reaction has soured on this place. We have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in December as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping. From the very start, this year was a disappointment. I had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the Allegro. I was quoted one price (higher than what was on line), when I mentioned this, I was told I could have the lower price. At check in, the desk was nice but not friendly. We discovered that our room was not as good as in the past (punishment for asking for a lower price?) The closet had no hangers, we had no place to put our suitcase. No one mentioned the wine reception in the evening. On the second day, we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing. It took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one. I wrote the management following our stay. I have yet to receive a reply. Needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time. I would advise others to do the same.	
Dec 8 2003	Great weekend get-away	We had a great weekend stay at the Allegro. Loved the cozy room with all the amenities. Service was great. Location was terrific. The hotel was extremely busy the entire time we were there but it was quiet and no hassles at all. We'll stay here again.	
Nov 24 2003	Theatre district fun!!	Just stayed at the Allegro, what a fun, upbeat hotel. We jad a siute on the 15th floor and had a corner room. Right next to Cadillac Palace Theatre. MR. Bubbles Bubble Bath was a hoot and the whirlpool tub was a plus! Lots and lots of room in the suite. the adjacent restaurant called ..312...was wonderful for breakfast as there is not a lot right around the area, especially on a Sunday, but you dont have to walk real far for other options. Staff was attentive and conierge knowledgable. The robes in the suite were zebra striped and leopard spots, what a riot! GREAT WALLPAPER AND COLORS. LOVED IT.......................	
Nov 14 2003	A Pleasant Surprise	I did not expect to like this hotel as much as I did. I had read mixed reviews on the Internet on the Hotel Allegro. Plus, I had to pay $139 a night, when in the past Ive stayed at the Intercontinental, right on N. Michigan Ave, at a similar rate. However, there was a huge medical convention in town, and I was lucky to have a room, at any price.I enjoyed the décor of the Allegro-it was very unique and quite different from the standard Hyatt, Marriott, etc. But what was the biggest surprise for me was what a great location this hotel has. Originally, I would have preferred to be in the North Michigan Avenue or River North areas; I was afraid that the Loop would be dead on weekends and in the evening. But the Allegro was in the Theater district, and quite the contraryit was really busy at night and on weekends. As an added bonus, it was only two short blocks to great shopping on State Street (Marshall Fields, Borders etc. There were even enough people out so that I felt comfortable walking back to the hotel after dark.There is a small fitness room in the hotel, but it seemed kind of stuffy. An added bonus is that for $8, you can use the historic Randolph Athletic club, across the street from the hotel. They have a nice looking lap poll (Al Capone, I think used to swim in it), which I didnt have the time to use.Another big bonus of the hotels location is that its a short one block walk to the Lake/Clark CTA station. Here you can catch a train to OHare for only $1.50!A few negatives regarding the hotel: elevators can be slow at check-out time; I could hear some limited noise from the other rooms, and I wish there were more channels on the TV. But these are relatively minor faults. Also, there is a trendy restaurant in the hotel (I think its called 312 Chicago) and its impossible to get in there without a reservation on Friday or Saturday nights, when there is theater going on. One important thing to note is that the rooms and bathrooms are small. It didnt bother me, since I was in Chicago by myself, mostly for business. However, if another person had been sharing the room with me, I would have felt crowded, and would have preferred a larger room.Anyhow, I enjoyed my stay at the Allegro and look forward to returning here, or to either of its two sister properties the Monaco or the Burnham.	
Nov 12 2003	Great location excellent comfort and reasonable rates	The Allegro has one of the best locations of any downtown hotel in the US, within a few minutes' walk of live theaters, the business destinations in the Loop, shopping and all types of eateries. The 4PM to 6PM wine tasting in the lobby is a great bonus for us corporate travel types, as is the well-equipped fitness room but the real reason to stay here are the quiet, very comfortable rooms with their striking art deco furnishings. If you like both business travel comfort and something more memorable than the Radisson-Anywhere, the Allegro is a wonderful bargain. The reviewer who complained about the foaming bath soap and the perfumed hair products probably would be happier in a bland-name chain lodging. Two caveats: take the CTA Blue Line from O-Hare to the Loop rather than surviving the perpetual traffic jam and paying those high downtown parking rates; and be warned of the high cost of the hotel room minibar and room service.	
Nov 4 2003	Service with a smile	Our party of 4 stayed in 2 rooms at the Allegro and we had a great time thanks to the friendly service and genuine helpfulness of the staff. All of our room requests were honored despite the low room rate we paid. We were traveling for leisure, so can't speak for the business services. The beds were extremely comfortable and triple sheeting was used. Some of the touches that made this hotel special to us: the ability to dim all of the room lamps, tootsie rolls available at all times in a bowl at the front desk, nice Aveda toiletries, the great location, and the superb staff!	
Oct 27 2003	Location location location!	Stayed with a group at the Allegro for a long weekend in October...with the exception of a wait for the elevators (one of three was completely out of service, but once you find the service ones tucked off the hall, there's no wait!), it was a most enjoyable stay. And especially for the price. Room service was very good, the bath amenities are top drawer (Aveda), the staff was uniformly helpful and friendly and the two restaurants are great. But the location - especially if you're in town for theatre or the opera cannot be beat! My mattress was nice and firm - must have been fairly new and the pillows were good as well. The room was impeccably clean and fairly average size for a big city hotel. Plenty of room for one or two. The thermostat worked amazingly well for a renovated hotel of this age. Nice choice of channels on the tv plus a cd player and well-stocked honor bar with lots of munchies. Will definitely stay here again on my next trip to Chicago!	
Oct 20 2003	Forget the Allegro	Our 3 nite October stay merits the following comments: This old style Chicago hotel is conveniently situated in the Loop and walking distance from great shopping and theaters. Which is about all that is good about this hotel. Our initial room assignment opened onto a brick wall and had a foul odor (hopefully no connection); the staff was accommodating with a room change. However, our move to the 17th floor resulted in longer elevator rides... and the elevators &quot;under repair&quot; forced guests to go &quot;up&quot; and then come down because the elevators were packed. Acoustics from adjacent rooms were awful. The front desk was &quot;unmanned&quot; when we called about 3:00 a.m partying. Air conditioning was inefficient. No straight back chair in room if you needed to use a computer. The striped wallpaper in halls, pink paint in rooms, and &quot;bubble bath soap&quot; in bathrooms all sent a message --- but couldn't figure out what the message was... unless it meant &quot;don't stay here again&quot;. Chicago has many fine hotels. This is not one of them. Grade C- JJH	
Oct 10 2003 	boutique hotel at a great price	I have stayed in several Chicago hotels on a limited budget and this was my favorite! Funky, fresh decor and atmosphere, big closet, very clean, and nice amenities such as flat-screen tv. tH==The street is quiet. The free wine is a nice touch, and the staff is extremely friendly and really treats you like a guest. I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 10 2003	Fun for a weekend getaway	Stayed at the Allegro first weekend in October. The room was very small but we were there to see the city. We were first placed in a room across from the elevator, VERY loud. I spoke with the front desk in the morning and they switched our room. The concierge was very helpful arranging a car from the airport and a boat trip down the Chicago River. It was a neat hotel. If I didn't stay there again it would only be because there are so many neat places to stay in Chicago.	
Oct 3 2003	Cool Funky and fun!	Have had the opportunity to stay at the Allegro several times. Same group as Monocco and Burnham. Place is super funky with killer rooms! Jazz CD's in the room are a cool touch. Close to theaters and trains. Fantastic staff... one of my favorite stays around the US.	
Sep 4 2003	This Is The Place Where Everybody Knows You!!!!	We went for a get-a-way weekend to rejuvenate our marriage. Picked a hotel at random and found the absoulute perfect hotel to stay in. We were able to get an early check-in on a weekend. Sherry was absolutely wonderful she upgraded us to a suite and told us to have fun, which we did, she told us to talk to a lady named Sharonjoy who is ther concirge for suggestions on things to do and we did. The entire staff goes out of the way to accomodare you. There is no task too big or small just ask and they will deliver. I liked the funky room decorations, the hip happening wine reception that they have evry night I mean what more can a girl ask for. I will be staying there evry chance I get!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 26 2003	I'm staying here again.	 A good value and some unexpected amenities. Yes, the rooms are small, even with a king upgrade. The Aveda bath products, Italian coffee in room, flat screen TV, extra pillows, friendly staff, and wine hour make a huge difference in the enjoyment of your stay. Do you like wine? Knock back a couple glasses of decent merlot or chardonnay free between 5-6pm. That would run $10-$15 most places. Like any downtown hotel, room service and parking are expensive. Self park for $23 and look for a deal elsewhere on the weekend. Many lots discount to $10 a day. Walk across the street to Dunkin Donuts for a $1.75 bagel and skip the $11 continental breakfast that ends up being $16 with tax and gratituity. Save your cash for dinner. I paid $84 a night and have already booked 3 more nights for the end of September. Can't beat it for the price and the decor is very cool also. 	
Aug 18 2003	A good value		
Aug 13 2003	Great		
Aug 13 2003	Hotel? NOT. Pass on this one read this;		
Aug 7 2003	S Room was like motel 6. Get a suite		
Jul 23 2003	Decent		
Jul 20 2003	funky hotel loved it!		
Jul 17 2003	Ripped Off		
Jul 7 2003	Allegro Was Cool Not the Ritz !!!		
Jun 30 2003	Nice hotel		
Feb 1 2003	Excellent for the price! Dogs welcome. Downtown.		
Nov 13 2009 	OK		
Aug 24 2009 	très bien placé et confortable		
Jul 31 2009 	Ottimo hotel vicino ai teatri!!!		
