Nov 15 2009	loved it	loved it! It was great!@ Rooms were large and had a ball!	
Nov 13 2009 	Awesome view and location	Moms and Daughters weekend...city view is great! 4 out of the 6 of us had never been to Chicago and they loved the view. A few blocks from the Magnificent Mile and great restaurants all around. Was able to leave our car in the garage until 3pm of the day we checked out which was a great help in not having to repark and pay a daily parking rate. You can't beat the breakfast! 	
Nov 11 2009 	Good Downtown Location/Friendly Staff	This is a great hotel if you are going to be in the downtown area and don't mind walking a bit. You can always take a cab, but Chicago is a great walking city if you are able to do so. The hotel is also in walking distance to Michigan Ave. shopping and restaurants. The Red Line is a couple of blocks away which makes it ideal to ride the train up to Lincoln Park and Wrigleyville. The room was quite nice and spacious. Upon moving to Chicago from Texas, I stayed in this particular hotel for a week before moving into an apartment. The hotel staff were very helpful in giving me directions and suggestions. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. The rooms are much bigger than most hotels in the area, and the price is pretty reasonable. Further, free breakfast and happy hour are great bonuses.	
Nov 3 2009 	Very nice hotel with a fantastic free breakfast buffet.	This was a very nice hotel. It has a separate bedroom area and a microwave and coffee maker. It had free drinks and snacks in the evening and a fantastic breakfast buffet in the morning. This hotel is well situated to the attractions of the city. We were very happy with our stay there.	
Oct 26 2009 	What a let down!	My family and I stayed at the Embassy Suites for a long weekend. It was located within a mile of michigan ave. so great for shopping but we would definately look to stay somewhere else the next time we go to Chicago.The managers reception was really disappointing. Spinach dip and stale pita bread.The breakfast in the morning was a real bummer as well. The eggs were cold and the french toast soggy. The pull out bed was broken. I called to the front desk 2 different times, after a half hour wait I finally got fed up and went down to the front desk. They gave us a different room. Nothing like having to move all your stuff at 11:00 at night. The pull out bed in the new room worked but you could feel the springs in the mattress. My daughter woke up with a sore back the next morning. Overall, a very disappointing stay. We will definately be looking to stay somewhere else the next time we visit the windy city!!	
Oct 24 2009 	Clean comfortable and easy access to places.	I love the suite because you get the additional room. TVs in both the living room and bedroom, not that we used them so much, but nice to have. The complimentary buffet makes the morning so easy. The food was good and there was a good variety. The doorman and concierge were great help!	
Oct 14 2009 	A Great Friendly Hotel	I arrived at the Embassy Suites just in time for the 4th of July festivities. My daughter (spoiled due to excess hotel stays) was actually impressed with the layout and cleanliness of the hotel. We were invited to the Manager's reception each evening for free cocktails and snacks. A nice touch!! The concierge was also exceptional. We were constantly asking questions and he was always friendly and helpful. We checked out and stayed at the Hyatt Regency for the last two days of our trip. My daughter said, although it was luxurious, it was super busy and impersonal. Next time I stay in Chicago, I'm staying at the Embassy Suites.	
Oct 8 2009 	A greatlocation with convenient amenities	Wve've stayed here several times because of the value, convenience, and wonderful breakfast. You can walk everywhere. Great restaurants are right around the corner. The rooms are a bit dated, but the extra space to spread out is appreciated after a long day. The Managers cocktail reception in the evening is also an added bonus. Can's say enough about it...	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Hotel will go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My hubby and i stayed at hotel wed 9/30-10/4/9. We absolutely enjoyed a=our stay. my hubby had a business meeting, I went to shop and sight see. I don't know where to start. The room was great no complaints great comfy bed ( to be a hotel). Granite countertops in bathroom they tried to make it feel like home I guess you could say. Hubby say meeting rooms adaquate. Business center was great especially if you did not buy the internet in your room (which we did which is 9.95 plus they tax that) The front desk staff was very nice with smiling faces everytime you went down always willing to help.The conciege, Phillip is the best. He told me everything I wanted to know. Go on the Chicago Trolley for a tour one day or three. I went three. It was awsome. You hop on and off as you wish. You just have to get back on by 5pm or you can take a taxi which can get really expensive. Did not take the el which is the train or any buses. Paid for a taxi so we could get there. Hold on the taxi people drive fast. You will also hear a lot of horn blowing. I met Richard once, hes's nice too. Navy pier does a fre trolley to the pier on Fri, sat, and sun. Don't really drink but they had free drinks from 530-730pm. they made me a sex in the beach and it tasted like koolaid. Also they give you snacks to like pretzals, spinach dip and crackers,and cheese. Don't look for this to get you full it's a nice evening snack. I read previous reviews and i think people were trying to get full and that not what it's for. There is a great hotdog place called Portillos one block over. THIS IS A MUST. There is a rain forest cafe, hard rock cafe, Mcdonalds, ESPN, all one block over. Overall the hotel is great. The next time I go to Chicago will differnlt stay here. Mag mile as the call it (magnifient mile) is 3 blocks. You can walk, have plenty of money to shop. No complaints.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good Hotel Value?? Parking??	I usually stay at the Hilton by Grant Park. This hotel is more expensive, north of the river, a few blocks off of Michigan Avenue. Plenty of eating options in the area. I usually pay $40 less to stay at the Hilton, and the parking is $40 at either place. Rooms are clean and quiet. Free breakfeast is a plus.	
Oct 1 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	I stayed at the Embassy Suites for 3 nights and found the Hotel excellent. The Rooms or Suites clean and a good size. The bathroom was on the average size and there wasn't an extractor fan, which was needed.The service was friendly and the concierge was first class.An Ideal location to view and explore Chicago.Included in your stay is a fine breakfast, you can have an omelette freshly made and other food available. Then in the evening between 5:30- 7pm a free bar I hope one day to return to Chicago and would be more than happy to stay here.	
Sep 26 2009 	great choice for a central place to stay	We spent a week at this hotel while on a sightseeing trip to Chicago from the west coast. It was the perfect spot. The staff was helpful from the beginning. Richard, the concierge, gave us tips of things to see and directions for how to get around. He helped us get tickets to the House of Blues Sunday brunch- a super experience! Three senior citizens who travel together frequently couldn't have been more pleased with our stay. Thank you Embassy Suites. Barb from Seattle	
Sep 24 2009 	Decent - but not WOWSA!	I stayed here earlier this week for business. We got a great group rate - otherwise I would not have paid close to $300 for a hotel per night. That's just me.ALL of my telephone conversations with the hotel were FANTASTIC. I called a couple of days prior to make some special requests, including an early check in. When I got to the front desk - early - they indicated the room they had reserved for me was not yet available, but he found one that was and offered to have my special requests (extra pillows) brought up to the room. I hadn't been in the room 5 minutes before they arrived. FANTASTIC.I left shortly therafter, stopping at the concierge to ask about going to the aquarium. Yeah, he was a little too busy to deal with me and did not give me any advice other than to say take the bus. I opted for a cab - and the cabbie REALLY didn't want to deal with traffic from the football game - and told me that it would probably take 45 mintues to get to the aquarium that day. Would have been nice if the concierge had filled me in on that tidbit. So I took a $6 cab ride to the Navy Pier (which I could have gotten a shuttle for free - about a block away from the hotel).When I got back to the hotel, I walked around a couple of blocks. A single woman on a Sunday late afternoon, I felt safe. The hotel is right in the thick of things, so there was plenty to catch my attention. I ate dinner and headed back to the hotel, exhausted from flying and the time difference.I grabbed a glass of wine at the reception. I'm not a huge drinker, so this was not a deal breaker for me. As others have said, it's nice, but the nibbles were ptretzels and maybe honeydew melon? Most all of it was gone when I got there (about 6:30 p.m.). Back to the room which was nice and clean. The couch in the sitting room wasn't all that great, so I opted to watch TV on the bed. That's when the flat screen would have been nicer in the bedroom (it was in the LR). The remotes were worn, so there were some buttons I couldn't see what they did. I could never get the sleep timer to work, but again, not a deal breaker for me. I never called the front desk to ask them to switch it or tell me how. I fell asleep early!The alarm woke me up the next morning, so I was relieved it worked. Went downstairs and had a HEAVENLY breakfast. Spinach, bacon and cheese omlette with a toasted bagel. I'm a bacon snob, and I've been on a diet (which I decided to blow for this trip) and had bacon strips. Oh, they were good. I truly could have eaten a pound of it, if I thought no one was looking! My only complaint is I woudl have liked bigger glasses for the soft drinks. Yeah, I drink a diet drink in the morning, not coffee.Off to my meeting. Came back and talked to a new concierge about getting a shuttle to the airport. This gentleman on Monday was MUCH nicer than the one on Sunday. He wasn't overly effusive, but he managed to get the job done and correctly! My shuttle was to arrive at 6:30 A.M. the next morning, so it was off to dinner with friends and some more walking around.At 6:25 a.m., the only hotel personnel that I saw was a housekeeper sweeping out front. She was friendly, but it would have been nice to see a bellman, or a front desk person. My shuttle arrived, about 6:40 a.m., so I was off.A whirlwind visit, but a hotel I would stay in again, just not for $300 a night. I liked my group rate, thank you very much!	
Sep 21 2009 	Good but could be better	We stayed at this hotel for 5 days from 7 Sept. Things we loved about the room - spacious with separate bedroom, clean and beds were comfortable. Things we loved about the hotel facilities - free breakfast with lots of variety, pool and jacuzzi, manager's reception in the evenings.Things that could have been better - friendliness of front of house staff, availability of concierge and pool was quite green and doesn't appear to have been cleaned regularly. Even though it's a great idea for the manager's reception and great to have free drinks and nibbles but expected better quality nibbles (I guess may be too much to ask since its free??). Overall it was excellent value for the rates we paid and location was great.	
Sep 14 2009 	This hotel is awesome....stay here!	From the moment we walked in the door....no, from the moment we approached the parking entrance and a passing employee stopped to offer instruction for parking and good wishes for our stay, the service in this hotel was first rate.I admit it....I'm a bit of a hotel pig. This hotel did NOT leave me wanting. From the fabulous free breakfast featuring an omelet maker to needing to get a duplicate valet ticket because I lost mine, EACH and EVERY member of the staff went out of their way to make me feel welcome and to be helpful. The purpose of our trip was our daughter's Sweet 16 birthday. We took her and 3 of her friends for a shopping weekend and they all absolutely loved it.I tip well generally because I think it's the right thing to do, but I don't mind telling you to bring extra cash because you'll tip more than usual!After the service, the location of the hotel is great for walking to Water Tower Place/Hancock center and, if you really like to walk, to Navy Pier. Cab rides of about 15 blocks or so ran around $10 plus tip, so not too bad. I would not hesitate to stay in this hotel again. Oh, and one more thing. My stay was FREE as I was using HHonors reward points, and IT DIDN&quot;T MATTER....the service was the same.	
Aug 19 2009 	nice location but is it really worth the money???	if you're loaded and looking to spend your cash on a hotel, this would be the place to go. don't get me wrong, the hotel is beautiful and located on State Street in downtown Chicago, but honestly, $300 a night is a bit too much for me. And parking within the hotel is an additional $44 per day. The lobby and atrium are gorgeous, as to be expected for this area but the rooms, well i guess it's location, location, location. Around the corner is the Hard Rock Cafe, Rainforest Cafe, Red Head Piano Bar and other various attractions. The Embassy offers a full breakfast which honestly wasn't the best i've ever had. As for the room, we had a living room with flat screen tv and work table, mini fridge and microwave, decent sized bathroom, make-up mirror with sink - separate from the bathroom, and king sized bed. The a/c didn't seem to work very well if at all, the toilet acted close to overflowing, outside window only opens a few inches with the opening blocked by the heavy curtains. Alarm clock in the room does have the option to plug in your ipod/mp3 player but the volume didn't seem to work either. This is a non-smoking hotel so you have to go out to the front in order to do so. There is a restaurant/bar located inside the Embassy also.	
Aug 4 2009 	Outstanding location service and facilities...	This hotel is one well oiled machine. While we were there, the place seemed to be at 100% occupancy. There was a large family reunion, a large wedding in the ballroom and party afterwards in the atrium. All the while, in another area, cranking out cocktails effortlessly for the usual manager's reception. The staff was courteous yet unobtrusive and quick to respond to your needs. Our rollway popped a rivet which caused it not to close. No problem. A phone call and maintenance is there in five minutes. Rooms are kept in tip top shape. Excellent concierge service.The location can't be beat. One block to the Red Line CTA. Three blocks to Michigan Avenue and the bus lines. Surrounded by good restaurants, chains and indigenous ones alike. The breakfast buffet is icing on the cake, especially for a family. Excellent omelets and lots of other items to choose from.I am a usually pretty harsh judge, but can't think of a more suitable hotel in Chicago for a family vacation.	
Aug 2 2009 	Good and not so good experiences	My kids and I stayed here for a weekend getaway. I called a few days before arriving, and requested early check in if possible. I was told that a room should be ready for us between 11am and noon. We arrived at 12:15pm on a Friday, waited about 10 minutes for a front desk person to be available to help me, and were told, &quot;Unfortunately, your room won't be available until 3pm.&quot; Okay...I know eary check in isn't guaranteed, but that was disappointing. We left our luggage with in the bellman's closet, and went to get some lunch and do some window shopping. We got back to the hotel at 3:10pm to find a longggggg line of guests waiting to check in. We got in line, and it was finally our turn at 4:15pm. Not a great way to start our weekend, to say the least. Nellie at the front desk needs to learn to put a smile on her face and to speak to the hotel's customers. She was utterly silent while looking up my reservation, generating our keys, etc.By comparison, Hector the bellman is fabulous! Such a wonderful attitude, helpful and a wonderful ambassador for the hotel. Richard, one of the concierges, was great with his help in our obtaining advance tickets for the Shedd Aquarium, and we were able to walk right in instead of waiting in a very, very long line.The floorplan of the room is great for families. The bathroom, however, had issues. There was hair...dark hair (we're all light haired) on the bathroom floor and in the bathtub....YUCK!! I turned the shower massager band to get a different flow from the spout, and the band came off in my hand. We requested a maintenance person come address the shower, and no one ever came. Yes, it was a very busy weekend for the hotel, but that was disappointing as well.We come to Chicago once or twice a year; we usually stay in a burb because the hotels are a fraction of the cost of the hotels in downtown Chicago. We decided to stay downtown this time and see if the higher cost made the experience better for us. Sadly, it didn't; back to the burbs for us from now on.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Chicago stay	This Embassy Suites appeared to be better than other Embassy Suites hotels that we have stayed at. Upon arrival at about 10:30 AM, the room was ready. Front desk staff was helpful. The room was spacious, the sink in the bedroom was very convenient with 4 people. The pool was a great plus in a large city. It was a great refresher. The fitness center was much larger and better than other Embassy Suites hotels that we have stayed at. The concierge (Phillip) was very helpful with all of our needs.The only downside to this hotel was the GIGANTIC breakfast line. In other Embassy Suites hotels, the line is much shorter. Overall, this hotel has great rooms, a great location, and great amenities.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great hotel staff service and location	I've stayed at this Embassy more than once and have never had a bad experience. The staff has always been friendly and helpful. No problems with the accomodations and the rooms are surprisingly quiet on the State St. side, considering the volume of traffic. The hotel is very close to just about everything downtown including great restaurants, entertainment, museums, night clubs etc. Oh, and only 3 blocks from Michigan Ave. The concierge's are quite knowledgeable and anxious to help. Be sure to make use of them for help with your trip and take advantage of the free breakfast and Managers happy hour.	
Jul 6 2009 	Perfect Location for Tourists But Know about the Extra Charges	My husband and I stayed here for 8 nights for a trade show. The hotel met my expectations--location is great; everything was clean; breakfast was the typical Embassy buffet;the nightly manager's reception was better than most. The hotel was generally crowded with lots of families but not excessively so. Wedding receptions can be noisy here so ask for a room on the upper floors. The pool is small, but that wasn't a concern to me.  I would definitely stay again. I would suggest that you review is the list of charges when deciding where to stay. Parking was expensive at $44 per night, but that's true of all Chicago hotels (see below). The surprising extra charge was the $9.95 Internet charge per day--per computer, which adds up over a week when you have 2 computers for business. My husband and I both need to work from the computer so we each take a laptop. When he was gone with his computer during the day for business, I had to pay to connect with my laptop. The system recognizes the different computers and charges for each. Many chains provide free wi-fi and don't charge for multiple computers so I was surprised. However, this is probably a concern for only a small fraction of people. You can use the computers in the business center for free (including printing) but you can't work from there all day, obviously.The Italian restaurant at the hotel (Osteria on State) is excellent. We had late night pizza twice and had a fixed price multi-course dinner another night. Dinner began with small plates, then a salad, then pasta, then the meat and potatoes. Also in walking distance was the Chicago Chop House, Rainforest Cafe, the famous McDonalds, Volare's, Weber's and many more.You can walk to most of the desired shopping (Magnificent Mile and State Street) areas. The neighborhood seemed safe and was very active. For parking discounts, use one of the public lots within two blocks.I got a much better rate by using GTAhotels.com (no, I don't work for/with them) than I could get with the hotel or my Hilton Honors. ES wouldn't match their rate even though I asked.	
Jul 5 2009 	Good location for family trip	This property is a good choice if you are traveling with children. We were able to walk to the subway, the bus, shopping, dining, sightseeing. The staff was very helpful (especially Roberto who helped us with our luggage) and the suites were well appointed, with plenty of room and privacy for parents and kids. The bathroom was a bit narrow, as is often the case in Embassy Suites, but the extra sink in the bedroom helps with the traffic flow when your whole family is trying to get ready at the same time! There is no view to speak of, and it sometimes got a bit noisy, but overall this did not bother me. One surprise is that the complementary manager's reception serves a full bar, not just beer and wine. The breakfast got ridiculously crowded, though, and the location of the breakfast buffet in relation to the elevators makes it worse. Another complaint is that the parking is very very expensive, but I am sure that is competitive with other properties in the area. Overall, not perfect, but a good deal.	
Jul 4 2009 	Awesome!	This is a fantastic place to stay! They are very helpful and the breakfast is awesome! The concierge was very helpful. I would highly recommend a stay here!	
Jun 30 2009 	Great hotel great location!	Our family of 5 just returned from a short vacation (2 days) to the Windy City. I have stayed in a couple of downtown Chicago hotels, and this hotel by far had the best staff and service of any of them. From the parking attendant to the bellhop, the front desk clerk to the concierge...everyone was wonderful. The location was close to Michigan Avenue as well as to the Navy Pier trolley. This hotel is also close to ESPN Zone, Rainforest Cafe, Rock N Roll McDonalds, Portillos and many other great places to eat. A taxi ride to the Shedd was only $11. I thought the complimentary breakfast was fantastic! Yes-it was a little busy...but the lines moved fast and luckily, our 3 little ones waited very patiently! The pool was busy and a little crowded but our kids didn't seem to mind. I didn't feel that the hotel was noisy at all. We were up on the 9th floor which may have helped. (We also came prepared with a noisemaker to help drown out the noise) Our view was that of a parking garage but that was ok...we weren't in our room much. If you are on the fence about where to stay, jump over to this hotel. You won't regret it.	
Jun 29 2009 	Definite Recommend for Families with Children	My husband and I booked the Embassy Suites for a long vacation weekend with our 20 month old son. This was our first trip with our son, so we were very concerned about how he would sleep in a new environment. The hotel was very accommodating, especially with regard to our need for a crib. They originally gave us a Pak&amp;Play, but send housekeeping up immediately with a 'real' crib when we called the front desk. The last night was a Saturday and there were older kids from dance teams yelling and playing in the Atrium as late as 10:45 pm, keeping our baby awake. My husband had to call the front desk twice to complain, but ultimately the manager on duty resolved the problem and gave us that night free. Despite the noise issue that night, we were very impressed with how the hotel handled customer service issues, and with the general 'can do' attitude of everyone from the front desk staff to valets to maids and doormen.The hotel is brimming with families with children, and the free breakfast buffet is a particular family mob scene. Understandable, because the suite arrangement and perfect location downtown make it the ideal place to stay with children. If I were in town without kids or on business, however, I would run screaming in the other direction. In other words, it's a great place to stay with kids, but if you don't have kids, there are way too many kids!Location is perfect. Just a couple blocks off Michigan, near the Grand train stop, walking distance to Navy Pier, and short drive to Lincoln Park. In and out parking privileges made travel around town a breeze.Biggest pluses were LOCATION, customer service, friendly doormen, great maid service, fun atrium atmosphere, and breakfast. Oh, AND the workout room is great. Not big, but just right for the relative few guests that seem to use it and the cardio equipment is the best I've used in a long time, having visited lots of gyms. Biggest minuses: Chaotic lobby, always packed swimming pool, and crazy loud kids (other than mine, of course).	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent Embassy Suites in Perfect Location	I too think this Embassy Suites should be in top ten of Chicago Hotels. It is in the most perfect location being usually within 3-5 blocks of excellent restaurants and shopping.We loved employee Michael and Phillip was excellent with all of our many questions.The breakfast was typical Embassy Suites and done well and efficiently.The manager's reception was better than most with a hot item each day.The rooms were not luxurious by all means, but clean and well appointed.We stayed here for 6 nights and were very happy the entire time.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great time in Chicago!	Stayed several nights in Chicago to take in the sights and attend a MN Twins/Cubs game at Wrigley field. The location of the hotel was awesome. We walked nearly everywhere and is only a couple of blocks from the Red Line/CTA so getting to Wrigley was a snap. Room was clean and staff was super helpful. Breakfast was perfect for my husband and myself but nothing crazy. Only compliant is Chicago is a noisy city to try and sleep in - sirens go off all night so bring earplugs if light sleeper. Price was on the high end but was expected from location and Embassy Suites. When we bring the kids we would consider staying closer to the Navy Pier but perfect for a couple. We had an appetizer and pizza at their restaurant which was good. The pool only reaches 4 feet which would make it nice for families with small children - hot tub/fitness area are tiny. We were super happy with our stay.	
May 14 2009 	Great Breakfast and wonderful staff!	The staff at the Embassy Suites are amazing especially the breakfast staff! The girls who clear the tables are so friendly and very helpful. The omelets are to die for and to top it off the young manager even helps clear the tables with the girls and still has time to fill up coffee for everyone and seemed so genuine when he made his rounds. Simply wonderful wonderful wonderful!	
Apr 30 2009 	Not the "elite" hotel it claims it is	I stayed in room 538, a handicapped room. I'm 5'10. The shower was not only too short, but the sliding pole the shower head is attached to was broken. I had a meeting at 7am Wednesday morning. My hairdryer started smoking after 5 minutes of use, putting me behind. The front desk kindly sent maintenence up to give me another one. However, when I came back to my room that night after it had been cleaned, I found the old smokey one still attached to the wall and the new one just sitting there on the sink!??? We're not talking regualr handheld hair dryers. These are the dryers with a large base that is supposed to be attached to the wall.To top it off, I went to make coffee preparations for the morning and discovered housekeeping didn't bother to refill the coffee or creamer/sugar. It's close to midnight and instead of going to sleep like I wanted to a half hour ago, I'm sitting here waiting for housekeeping to refill the coffee service. I wouldn't suggest this hotel for business travelers. They need better oversight..	
Apr 15 2009 	Enjoy your stay but with some caution	I stay at a lot of Hilton properties in Chicago-- good value for th $$ and most hotels are well reviewed. Hilton owns quite a few properties in Chicago and while I normally stay at either the Homewood Suites or Hilton Garden, this Embassy Suites had a better price and an extra bedroom. Check in was a breeze. Frontline staff very personal and helpful, even our valet parking assistant was great. Our room was ready and it appeared clean in the surface. All's well so far. Out the front door and on to the shopping! Hotels in this area are perfectly located. We returned well into the evening after a great meal believe or not at the California Pizza Kitchen down the road (PF Changs also around the corner). We took stocked of our plans and decided to extend our stay by a day. Again, front staff handled our request with precision and a smile. Went to bed and slept well.Breakfast time!!! I am not at a 5star and don't expect it to be but, why can't the Embassy Suites do something different with their breakfast bar? Don't offer it if you cannot get it right. Worse food I have had in a long time! The place was packed with little ones carrying their dolls (so cute) so it was a bit noisy but that 's okay. They were fun to watch. The omlet was not good. The buffet had cold eggs and bacon and I refused to let my elderly mother eat their cold eggs for fear of bacteria. Coffee cups held maybe a half a cup. Cereal was stale. Thank goodness my mini muffin &amp; fruit were edible.Let's go back to my room for a minute. While I said it was clean, I suggest to Hilton that it is time to change the furniture. The armchair and couch in 622 are badly worn. Isn't this just a cost of doing business, to recover or replace worn furniture? This is the bad. Now for the ugly.Day one I used the main restroom outside of the pool. Filthy! Toilets dirty. Floor had not been mopped in a couple of days or so it seemed. Just get me out and back to the room. Day two, certainly the staff has had time to catch up after a busy Easter weekend full of messy children. I watch the cleaning staff come out of the bathroom with hope. No such luck. Just as bad. Not sure anything had been done! This is the Embassy Suite for crying out loud, not Motel sick! I did register my comments as I am not afraid to speak out for the good and the bad. Come on managment. Don't worry so much about the front fountain and look at what the cleaning team is not up to. And then go eat breakfast in your kitchen. I'll bet you make some quick changes. Sure I will be back because as I said it's good value for $$$. I just wish someone way way up in Embassy Suites would take note and change the food. In my business we either do it right, don't do it, or change the way it's done so it is right.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great hotel with perfect service and amenities!	With a 5 and 8 year old; on a quick spring break. What a delightful hotel! An awesome breakfast every morning and cocktails and snacks every evening in the atrium are included in the price of your room! The rooms are clean and large; the staff was wonderful; great location for downtown Chicago! And fantastic restaurant! This is a great place for business or families! Thanks to everyone at Embassy Suites!	
Apr 14 2009 	The positive reviews are right this place is great!	Great location within walking distance to most area attractions. Clean, spacious rooms, comfy beds, and the best service! From the nice woman who made fresh coffee for me even though they were almost ready to close down breakfast, the friendly bar staff at reception hour, the great service at the concierge desk (Phillip tried hard to get Oprah tickets - when unsuccessful he made good on his promise to find other fun things for us to do) and so much more. My kids loved the greeting each time we returned to the hotel-&quot;we're so glad you're back&quot;. They felt like little celebrities. We will return to this hotel each time we're in town.	
Apr 8 2009 	Very Pleased!!	We were in Chicago for a few days as a Spring Break getaway - after reading all of the positive reviews here we were excited to see the hotel. Everything was as described - clean, friendly staff, excellent service. I am notoriously picky about hotels (my poor husband dreads taking me out of town!!) but this hotel met my high expectations. When we return to Chicago, we will be staying here again! Thanks!	
Apr 7 2009 	Great Miracle Mile Location/Great Restaurant	Whenever I'm in Chicago, I try to stay at this location. The staff is very friendly. The breakfast is always fresh and hot. The location is convenient to the best shopping and restaurants. Traveling alone as a female, I always feel safe walking in the area at night. The rooms are typical for Embassy Suites - 2 rooms, nice bedding and bathrooms with plenty of light. My favorite thing about staying here is the restaurant that is attached to the hotel - Osterio via Stratta. Awesome food, great service at the bar - Micki is a great bartender/server and always remembers me! The hotel has packages for the American Girl store also. Even when I can get into more upscale boutique hotels, this is a trusted can't go wrong option.	
Mar 28 2009 	Such a beautiful hotel inside and out	We stayed here with my sister and niece during the Gospel Music Channel's &quot;Gospel Dream&quot; auditions. I was actually trying out. We had a blast. The hotel was so beautiful. It was like walking through a garden, yet you were inside. From the fountains to the lit up trees to the walk ways and bridges you have built inside this hotel...its so beautiful! Our room was very nice! We were happy with the little living and dining room area and our beds were comfy! We loved our view of downtown Chicago! The breakfast was AMAZING for a hotel! Cooked up omelets or whatever you wanted! Overall, great place! Staff was friendly and everything about this place was just wonderful!	
Feb 23 2009 	OPRAH FANS - this is the place to stay!!!!	If you are, like me, a huge OPRAH fan, this is the hotel for you!!! We had excellent service from the hotel even before checking in!!! I reviewed the hotel on this site and saw so many wonderful comments, so my girlfriend and I booked a room here. I contacted the Concierge in advance of arrival about possibly getting tickets to Oprah since I was unable to get them in advance of the trip. The Concierge actually returned my call saying there is no guarantee, but that they would surely try to get us tickets once we arrived. That blew me away - I've left messages for Concierges before in other hotels/cities and never received a call back!!! My girlfriend and I arrived at the hotel by taxi and were greeted by Mike, the Bellman. We had lots of bags and were very tired so he was a site for sore eyes! And what a friendly guy! We checked in easily (if you prepay the room, you get a WONDERFUL price so look into that for a steal of a deal!) and received exactly as we requested - upper floor away from the elevator. The hotel has 11 floors and we were put on the 10th floor! The hotel is ATRIUM styled with fountain in the lobby so sound does carry up. It has an open-air feeling to it. Lots of greenery makes it really beautiful! The elevators are fast and there are 4!!!! (I've been in hotels of the same size that had only 2 very slow elevators so this was a real bonus to me!)The Embassy Rooms are so large and roomy compared to other hotels! The flat-screened TV in the living room totally impressed me. But there is also a large TV in the bedroom as well. The beds are VERY comfy! The room was immaculate and having a refrigerator and microwave in the room is nice and convenient.I went to the Concierge desk and talked to Richard, who is so very professional and kind. I asked about Oprah tickets and he explained what their process is. He left a note for the morning Concierge to call the show and request tickets on our behalf. There are no promises but they do make a great effort which is should be acknowledged. The FREE breakfast is amazing! Hot, made to order omelets, pancakes, hash browns, cold cereals, bagels/toast/muffins, fresh fruit, juice, coffee - it's all there. And the cold items are cold as they should be as well as the hot items are hot! The staff clears the tables quickly - leave a little tip on the table for them cause they are very helpful and efficient. When we returned to the hotel in the afternoon, Philip, another Concierge, had left a message saying they requested the tickets from Oprah and would let us know if they heard from them. Philip had gotten the note from Richard and actually FOLLOWED THROUGH! Another WOW!After returning from shopping, Richard was back at the Concierge desk so we stopped to find out if he had heard from Oprah staff yet and he said no. We took the elevator up and by time we got in our room Richard had called and said that the Oprah staff called as soon as we walked away from the desk! We were put on Standby for the next day’s early morning taping. We were elated! In one hour we were told that we were upgraded to CONFIRMED! Richard even re-confirmed the time we were supposed to be there - then called us back with specific instructions for when to arrive, when we needed to leave the hotel by, and other necessary guidelines we needed to follow.This was totally a dream come true for me - to be able to see a taping of the Oprah Show! We gave Richard a BIG tip for his help! And also tipped Philip for his help too!During the remaining part of our stay, Richard was also very helpful in guiding us for meals. And Philip gave us info about Late Nite Catechism, which was playing at the Royal George Theater. What a hilarious show this is! Catch it if you can - only $30 at the door. Front desk staff was also very cordial. This hotel rates as FIVE STAR service! It is so very convenient to Magnificent Mile. There is a great grocery store across the street and, of course, a Starbucks on the corner. We did not dine in the restaurant or take advantage of the evening reception but both looked very popular with other guests. Overall this hotel rated 5 stars out of 5 on my survey card!!! Primo indeed! I also find it awesome that the management team acknowledges the reviews on this website with their thanks. How spectacular!	
Feb 16 2009 	Chicago's Best	From the time we stepped on to the curb in front of the Embassy Suites on State street we were treated like Royalty. The doorman opened our taxi doors and carried our bags inside to the desk. He was very funny and carryed a politeness that is not normally seen in a city the size of Chicago. The staff was very polite and helpful. Our room was immaculate!!! The free happy hour every night was exceleent as weel as the daily free breakfast. The Concierge was very informative and helpful. He made recommendations to dinner the first night and gave us passes to a very good night spot. The second night he helped us with reservations to a very nice restaurant. All in all this was a great time and experince at an awesome hotel.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great Option In Downtown Chicago	This hotel is the best option for a family visit to downtown Chicago. I have stayed in Chicago for business and pleasure, and this is my favorite place to stay for both.The staff here are great, from the front desk to the housekeepers, they are all wonderful. The rooms are clean, standard Embassy rooms. The breakfast is great, and I've never had to wait an extraordinary amount of time.The best of this hotel is it's location. You are a block from the Red Line CTA train and three to four blocks from Michigan Avenue. There is a Rainforest Cafe a block away which is one of the stops for the Double Decker trolley. For a nominal fee, this will take you on a tour of the entire downtown, including the museum campus, Millenium Park, Sears Tower, Navy Pier, etc.Stay here and you won't be disappointed.	
Feb 15 2009 	hotel was fine restaurant put it over the top!!!	The hotel was fine - a nice, typical Embassy Suites. The italian restaurant was killer good, and I ate there all three nights. I've put this on my 'must stay' list for Chicago, particularly when I am traveling alone, and don't want to walk alone at night for dinner. The restaurant is no compromise, I promise you.	
Feb 11 2009 	Loved the Embassy Suites -Downtown	My family stayed here for 2 nights in Dec. We booked this hotel after reading reviews and lot of research. Since we wanted to celebrate our Anniversary in Chicago, we were looking for an elegant hotel and this hotel lived upto our expectations. It is a great hotel for families. Rooms are big and clean. It is good for family of 4-5.I liked their complementary breakfast and managers reception. They would serve all those items when we think of break fast. You just name a dish and it is there for B/FIt was wintertime. We could walk down to Magnificent Mile and near by restaurants.We all would definitely stay there next time	
Feb 2 2009 	Love the Downtown Embassy	Stayed for New Year's Eve at this Embassy as well as 2-3 other times over the last two years. I can honestly say this is the hotel my family ALWAYS requests. Reasons:- Location is great (as are other hotels in area I know)- Bathroon is BETWEEN bedroom and Livng room with sofabed (may seem insignificant but this is important to parents in that compared with Homewood or other hotels with suites that have the bathroom IN the bedroom area)- Have never encountered one rude service staff member (whatever their position they are ALWAYS pleasant)-The breakfast can be made to order as you wish and is INCLUDED in the price (omelettes and other brakfast items aren't rocket science and for a family of four this service alone adds $40-50 to any breakfast in the city).I must say I really am surprised this hotel is ranked #50. I have stayed at half of the top 20 &quot;most popular&quot; hotels in Chicago and although Sofitel, Park Hyatt, etc. are nicer (best for couples only IMO) , the $2-300.00 price difference doesn't justify the expense. I think this hotel should at least be in the top 15 for value, convienience, cleanliness, and service.	
Jan 27 2009 	great location	Accompanied spouse on a business trip. The location was terrific as it was close to attractions and restaurants/entertainment. The rooms are very spacious. The breakfast was included but was just standard fare. A short wine/cheese offering is included around 5 pm.	
Dec 31 2008	Loved it	This was our second time staying at the Embassy Suites, the first time being three months ago.Positives:LOCATION!!!Large, clean roomsComfortable bedsComplimentary breakfast (lots of choices)Grocery store across the streetOne block from the subway lineAttractive atriumConnected to a wonderful bar/restaurantNegatives:The hallways/atrium was pretty noisy. Kids were running around, yelling to each other, and generally acting like they were OUTSIDE instead of inside. The noise is greatly amplified because of the atruim design. Fortunately, the bedroom is at the back of the suite so the hallway noise is only a problem in the front 'living room' part. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Embassy Suites very much!	
Dec 22 2008 	Girl's Getaway	This was our first time staying at this hotel in Chicago. We have stayed at many other hotels in Chicago and this was our favorite.The location is great! I booked this hotel as it looked to be close to the theater district and the magnificent mile. The location did not disappoint! It is very close to the highway which made it very easy to arrive and leave. In the past we would stay on Michigan Avenue and got trying the get through the road traffic added an extra 30 minutes to the commute.When we arrived the doorman made us feel so welcome. He told us immediately &quot;Welcome Home, we've been expecting you!&quot;The happy hour was good. They had fajitas and a pretzel mix. It saved us money by not having to purchase dinner. The morning breakfast buffet was wonderful. Everything from made to order omlettes to pastries to bacon to fruit. It was very satisfying.The room was very spacious. The beds were comfortable however I didn't care for the pillows. It was nice to have 3 different sinks in the room, this made getting ready in the morning much easier with all the women in the room!I will look into this hotel again when we stay in Chicago!	
Dec 15 2008 	Absolutely wonderful	I often stay in Hilton chain hotels in Chicago but had never stayed at this one so thought I would give it a try.Can honestly say it was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in anywhere.From the moment at check-in to checking out 4 days later there was not one problem. All the staff were friendly and helpful, the conciege desk was brilliant, the rooms were spacious and cleaned well daily and the wifi actually worked!The managers reception was quite busy so we only went one day, but the breakfasts (cooked to order omlettes - pick you time carefully when you go) were superb.The location is perfect for shopping, just one block from the Mag Mile.Will definitely stay there again.	
Dec 14 2008 	Magnificent	A magnificent hotel in structure, location and service.The door man at the time of our stay (Michael) was the greatest assistant/tour advisor/watchful eye for my friends and I when we would get seperated and wander in and out from our shopping frenzy.The happy hour was great fun, the front desk were brilliant however their cleaning/room service staff were desperately lacking in English completely which made requests (such as where the laundrette was and whether they could come back later to service the room) very difficult.Hard Rock cafe is not far around the corner and I highly recommend it!The mini convenience store inside the hotel is a rip off - avoid if possible.	
Nov 22 2008 	great family hotel	we have just returned from a trip to chicago staying at the embassy suites 600 north state street. from the moment of arrival we were treated magnificently. the door men were so friendly and helpful. we were travelling with 4 small children and the rooms were ideal for us. they were spacious with very comfortable beds. the breakfast was great . the omlettes were mouthwatering. i would recommend this hotel to anyone. it is especially good for families with small children	
Nov 18 2008 	Good location but a little noisy	This hotel is located close to Michigan Ave and the many other downtown attractions. You can hop on the free trolley close to the hotel and get to the further destinations for free. The breakfast is excellent though you best get there before 8:30-9am. Lines can be long. My only complaint is the overall noise of the place. The walls seem to have no insulation and I can hear the rooms around me. Also since I went with my family, I slept on the sleeper sofa. I can heard the outside waterfall and people walking the hallways all night. I was tempted to give it only a three star but I guess you can't control your room neighbors.	
Oct 23 2008 	Front Desk Needs Training	Overall not a terrible place to stay. Great location. Friendly Doorman. However, this hotel is in desperate need of some Customer Service training. The Front Desk staff has turned to apathy rather than their training in dealing with their customer's needs. The breakfast was delicous and hot. Unfortunately the silverware and plates needed some attention. Normally I would stay here 2-3 times per year. I'm not so sure anymore.	
Oct 21 2008 	Wouldn't recommend for Extended Stay	I stayed here for two weeks for business training. The hotel was in a convienent location near the Magnificent Mile and bus/train stops. The hotel was nice looking. The beds were comfortable. The manager's reception (happy hour) with alcoholic drinks and a few snacks was good when I remembered it. The hot breakfast everyday was great, but don't be fooled by the cooked to order. That only means omlets and nothing else cooked to order. The concierge was very helpful getting reservations and giving directions, but there was only one for all guests so be prepared to wait until the person in front of you has been handled. My complaints: The price for internet daily is 10 dollars or you could use there business center which only has three computers and are always busy. The walls are paper thin in the rooms and you can hear those right outside your door if they are talking in a normal voices. I was almost able to hear full conversations through the vents from the guests near me. You can hear when the guests next door have the water running because the pipes are loud. The noise from the atrium will filter up to the rooms also. There is only one washer and two dryers for all guests that may wash there own laundry. It is inconvienent to be able to get change and laundry detergent at the front desk, but they are willing to give you change and let you buy single laundry detergent. I wouldn't recommend using the laundry service they have because the price is per item (ie. your underwear cost 6 dollars a piece to wash). I would recommend the dry cleaning at the hotel or the dry cleaners about four blocks south of the hotel on the right. The hotel and the travel agency I used didn't get everything straight with the corporate credit card I was suppose to have on file until I checked out on the 12th day and by that time they had already charged my personal credit card for the first week and some days. The hotel did fix this within the next few days, but it temporarily maxed my card out for those few days waiting for them to refund it. All in all, an okay time with a few minor bumps. I don't recommend for extended stays, but do make sure the hotel has everything correct on your reservation once you get there.	
Oct 5 2008 	Location Service and Comfort	I stayed at the Embassy Suites Downtown Chicago for 5 nights, and was very happy with the property. The included breakfast/ 6:30-9:30am was excellent (eating before 8am is best, as it gets busy later). There is so many great restaurants (Grand Luxe Cafe is one of my favorites) and stores closeby, and it feels very safe to walk about even after dark. I felt it was a safe hotel for a woman traveling alone.Internet access in the hotel is fast, however not free! $9.95 per day. Even if you only use it for an hour in the evening, after midnight you get a 2nd for the next day's useage.The 2 room suite was well appointed with a large comfortable bed, microwave, safe, coffee maker, sofa table and chairs. 2 TV's one a flat screen in the living area. Because there is no desk, the table is your computer work area, and the chairs at the table are hard and uncomfortable. The living room area furniture was hard as rocks and kind of worn in the suite I occupied. I beleive the sofa in the living room was a fold out bed.Other pluses, a pool and work out area that looked beautiful and clean, Manager's reception at 5pm offered free drinks, and snacks. It looked crowded, and one evening I stopped by at 6pm, and there were no snacks left.It is attractive and has a great front desk staff.	
Oct 1 2008 	Stuck in a smoking room by this hotel	Got stuck in a smoking room. I was told upon checkin that while the hotel was fully booked, but not everyone had yet checked in. I asked for a non-smoking room and was told that &quot;we sold all of our smoking rooms to Priceline.&quot; I know that as a Priceline customer one is second-class immediately, but there was NO hope of me bidding on this hotel and getting a non-smoking room. Terrible experience. Bidders beware of getting stuck here in a room that reeks of smoke!!!	
Sep 2 2008 	Great base for touring families	We stayed only one night over Labor Day weekend in conjunction w/ a special event in Chicago (two DB two room suite). This hotel will not knock your socks off with luxury, but it was clean and in pretty good condition. Bed room had a vanity sink w/ door that closed to living area w/ pull-out sofa.Lobby and common areas quite nice. Room pretty average for this type of property. Not the best mattress or linens, but pretty good towels, fixtures, etc. Small fridge and microwave were nice for the family. There are two grocery stores within a block of this hotel. Easy to stock up.Hotel is also on free trolley line (summer only), and short walk to CTA red line, mag mile shopping (with CTA bus services to museums, etc.). Just a great location with a lot of bustle where you can base your city visit.I missed the evening reception but family enjoyed it. Breakfast in the morning was great. Hotel provided guidance on when it gets busy; we avoided the rush and had a pleasant meal. Pool area was a bit tired, and they seemed to have used all available chlorine. Gym appears newly refinished, with pretty good equipment.	
Aug 30 2008 	Great stay	We only stayed one night but the rooms are laid out very nice walk in to front room small hallway with bathroom then a bedroom pool was nice and clean so was hot tub breakfast was very good loved the omlet station	
Aug 29 2008 	Great!	Got a great package deal through their website. Clean rooms and safe location. Staff was pleasant. The breakfast was good...plenty to choose from, but a bit chaotic.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great Hotel	SummaryPROS- location, breakfast, friendly staffCONS- very busy, small pool, long line for breakfast and manager's receptionWe stayed the week of 4th of July to enjoy the Chicago fireworks and celebration. The hotel was very convient to the local bus system and within walking distance to various attractions and food establishments. There is a grocery store across the street with a Starbucks. The hotel has a great breakfast and an OK manager's reception. The hotel's pool is a bit small for the number of kids that stayed that week and the fitness center was crowded. However, the fitness center had new Precor equipment. We left a portrait of ourselves from a dinner cruise in our room when we checked out. The cleaning staff and security personnel mailed our photo back to us which was very courteous and customer oriented. Would stay again.	
Aug 13 2008 	Happy at the Embassy Suites	We travel quite a bit and are HH members so we always try to stay in Hiltons when we can. We also travel with our two young children, so whenever we can, we book suites. We needed to spend 9 days in Chicago and after a lot of research settled on this hotel and have been very happy. PROS: Can't beat the location. great restaurants and shopping all around you and only 3 blocks to Magnificent Mile. We easily walked to Millenium Park and Oak Beach (up by the Drake Hotel off of Michigan Avenue) - my kids did fine with the walk.Easy to get taxis in this location as well.Hotel very clean, well organized, fairly consistent housekeeping. they honored all requests that we made.Great made to order breakfast in the morningExtremely comfortable beds - LOVE the bedsAwesome and easy for families.CONS: The lobby is unusually and freakishly cold - beware.It is a madhouse at breakfast time between 7 and 9:30. Just be prepared and steel yourself. Pool is small. Completely fine, just small and gets crowded easily.If you don't want to be around kids, this isn't a good hotel for you.The only laundry facilities are on the 11th floor; there is only 1 washer and 2 dryers so be prepared to wait unless you go at an off time.There is street noise. Keep your windows closed at night and perhaps use a noise machine to block out noise. We were on the 6th floor and stayed on the Ontario Street side - it was quite noisy at times.All in all a perfectly good Embassy Suites and we'd probably stay here again. You will be satisfied.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great breakfast great room what more can you want!	Stayed at the Embassy Suites for one night.Check in was a breeze. The suite itself comprised of a living room and bed room. There was a flat screen tv in the living room and a conventional one in the bedroom for those that care :)As it was a reward night, room service delivered free bottles of water to the room. A nice touch. The bed was luxurious and very hard to get out of in the morning!Ah breakfast! Other people have mentioned it but a free cooked breakfast is fantastic. I ate two omelets they were that good.Location wise, it was a 10 - 15 minute walk to Navy Pier and shopping and a subway stop were very close by.Overall, a great stay.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great hotel and location	Check in was easy; no lines.  Hotel lobby is beautiful but very cold in temperature.  Our room was spacious and clean.  Clean bathroom.  The complimentary breakfast is great!  There is a hot buffet and made to order eggs. Also cold cereals, pastries and fruit.  It was all very good.  Go early and you won't have to wait.  The later you go the busier it is.  You also get a free USA Today every weekday morning.My son used the swimming pool.  Nice and clean.  My husband used the workout room.  Nice and clean.We used the valet parking. It was expensive ($40/day). But  the parking garage is very secure.The location of the hotel is good too.  You are 4 blocks from Michigan Ave shopping.  It is an easy walk.  There are lots of good restaurants close by too!The redline train is a block away.  A word of caution:  Buy your ticket for the train from the machine not  individuals trying to make you a &quot;deal&quot; on tickets they have in their hand.  Also, the bus will will take you around too for $2.  There is also a free trolley that will take you to the Navy Pier.The concierge at the hotel was wonderfully helpful.  If you have a question about anything.....ask the concierge.  We will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 11 2008	nice location	The location of this hotel is totally ideal for those who wish to shop at mag mile since it's just 3 blocks away. Furthermore, the stop for the free trolley to navy pier is just a stone's throw away, making it pretty convenient for tourists. i love the overall design of the hotel, which appeals mainly to families. There is a little fountain wall in which kids can wade in and enjoy themselves. Nonetheless, the size of the bedroom itself is smaller than what you would expect from an average hotel with the same rating. Morever, this is more than compensated for by the adjourned living room with a tv set of its own.	
Jul 11 2008 	Nice Hotel overall a Few Minor Problems	Over all this was a very nice hotel, super friendly staff, especially the bell boys, they are there for any of your needs, be it luggage help, or even running an errand if you need something you have forgotten to bring!We stayed in a 2 room suite, we had the get away special for 249.00, which included a free bottle of champagne and strawberries, a $25 gift certificate to the Osteria downstairs, and a 1pm checkout.The strawberries and champagne were not in the room as promised but was resolved within a few hours, the gift certificate was only good in the Osteria, (this was unknown too us) we actually ate in the Pizzeria, we showed the hostess our gift card and she told us it was fine only to find out when the bill came it was only good in the Osteria, so we had no choice but to pay the bill in full, we used the certificate towards the least expensive wine for in the room, which still cost us $15.00 after the gift certificate, with surcharges, tax and %18 gratuity!The fold out sofa bed had no pillows anywhere in the suite, and no blanket! Staff was good and brought pillows, luckily my daughter had brought her own blanket.The phone in the master bedroom was broken, but the one in the living area was fine. Had a very small fridge, can't fit much, a family would be hard pressed to get a whole lot in there, microwave was fine, and all the standard things such as coffee etc. were there.The king size bed was VERY soft and had 6 pillows, which were also VERY nice, it was quiet, but the view was awful, we were in room 1117 on the top floor and faced a very ugly parking garage, I would have preferred to see the goings on in the streets.All in all I would say you could probably do better for a 4 star hotel.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Location	Excellent Location, Friendly and Helpful Staff. The only complaint i have is the doors to other suites, they slam loud. Other then that it was a great hotel. Busy week there in downtown Chicago during the Fourth of July!!! If you can ,take advantage of the car stays free package because Valet parking is expensive. I would definately stay there again!!	
Jun 23 2008 	Location location location	The Chicago Embassy Suites is all about location. Its in the heart of the city, easily accessible to almost anything you could want to do. If you want to go to a baseball game, it's a block away from the Red Line which is how you get to both Wrigley and Commiskey. If it's food you're looking for, it's right across the street from the Webber Grill, right down the street from amazing restaurants like Quartino and Big Bowl and a few blocks from Pizzeria Uno and Pizzeria Due if it's Chicago deep dish pizza you are looking for. However, of course with the location you are going to get a few negatives. It seems everything you have with a normal Embassy Suites was just a little worse. It lacked the little touches. We were there for a long weekend in June, which must be prime tourist season, but there were some negatives.A highlight of all Embassy Suites is the decor inside. While this one did have nice waterfalls running through the hotel, it lacked the huge goldfish that typically fill these pools.The happy hour always had a line, sometimes a very long one. What made this even worse was there was a limit of one drink per person, so everyone you were with had to go up to bar rather than you getting a drink for both yourself and your companion. Seating around the bar quickly filled up and so you could not simply point to the person. Getting a drink meant saving your seat, or worse, if one of you was getting ready, waiting for the other to go down to get a drink.At breakfast there was the same issue. There was a line every morning, and finding seating was actually difficult on some mornings. They include a guide on when breakfast is the busiest in the room.On the last day we were there it took 10 minutes to get an elevator from the 2nd floor up to our room. Then, when we were leaving it took another 10 to get an elevator back down, and we subsequently stopped at every floor.However, almost all of these are the result of the hotel being in such a great location. And you get what you traditionally get with an Embassy Suites: giant rooms and very good service. Overall, if you want location and the quality of an Embassy Suites with just a few downsides, I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 20 2008 	Friendly Service Can't Be Beat!	My husband and I stayed there the first week in June while my husband attended a training class. We arrived very early on a Sunday morning, and our driver took us to the hotel to drop off our bags before we went for breakfast and to play tourists for the day. The staff was delightful--immediately checked our bags in the locked bell room, offered to get us a cab (no need---our driver, Al, offered to wait and take us directly to the restaurant!), and tried to see if any room would be open soon, just in case we were tired and wanted to check in (no luck, but HEY, it was only 8 am...). We went off for a lovely day checking out the Chicago sites. Once fatigue (and mild jet lag) set in, we called in hopes our room was ready and it was--at 1pm when check in was 3!After check in, both the floor housekeeping staff and a manager stopped by to see how we liked the room (it was fine), and dropped off some bottled water. After a brief rest, we headed down to check out the manager reception--we've been to Embassy Suites before a we're quite familiar with the amenities. Of course, we were off schedule and wondered why at 5:30, it wasn't open yet--it wasn't until we decided to wander around outdoors that it occurred to us that it was only 4:30 in Chicago.....oops.The nightly reception is a nice touch--in fact, I think one night we basically skipped dinner because we had enjoyed the hors d'ourves and quiet opporunity to relax in the atrium. The breakfast, the same---the staff was so friendly and welcoming. I liked that in your room, they give you an idea of the best times to go to breakfast if you're looking to avoid lines--not that I saw any line so long that it would have frightened me away --even with a huge convention crowd on-site (I worked in my hotel room for part of the day during my stay, and made a few trips down to refill my coffee since their brew was better than the coffee I could do in-room). The manager was great! Encouraged everyone to enjoy their meal. The made-to-order staff was also accomodating--not being an omelet lover, I asked for fried eggs, which they were happy to make. Lots of choices, always a good thing.While I wasn't there long enough to try the hotel's restaurant, I can tell you if it's anything like the room service food--it's a must-do! I had the most wonderful BLT sandwich from there. Of course, in Chicago, you have sooo many food choices. Even the grocer across the street had fun eats. We opted not to try the indoor pool, just not enough time. It looked average, maybe ready for an update. Not so inviting we couldn't resist--of course, traveling without our young kids, it has to be a pretty spectacular pool for us to suit up when we're on our own.The location was within easy walking distance of the training center my husband needed to go to and the Magnificent Mile (which I HAD to go to ;-0) Even with a computer bag (or several shopping bags, it was an easy walk. The musuems and Navy Pier were less walkable, but there is enough reasonable public transportation opportunities to get you there, no matter your budget. Price wise, the hotel was steeper than we'd normally pay for an Embassy Suite, but I realize this is high season, mid-town and there was a huge convention going on, so rooms were going for a premium. If it was our dime exclusively, we'd have to try for an off-season rate.This was our first visit to Chicago and I have to agree with other reviews--it's all that NYC has to offer, but with a smile! We'll be back.	
Jun 7 2008 	Great value	Stayed here for a short business trip. A 2 room suite with 2 TV's, free breakfast and cocktails, comfortable bed and convenient location was under $240. And if needed, the room also had a small refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker. A vanity sink was in both the bedroom and bathroom, and a bar type sink was in the galley. Only problem were the bathroom drains--- they seemed sluggish and probably needed a bit of maintenance. Otherwise, an AOK stay. Recommended!!	
Jun 2 2008	pretty nice place	hotel is above average in service and quality not the best place I have stayed however on a 1-10 scale would be 8.5!	
May 26 2008 	Great stay!	This hotel is great. the staff is very friendly. The hotel is very clean and the rooms are very spacious with a great view. If you drive, be aware that parking is about $60 per day. Also they have a sky lobby. So you have to take an elevator from the parking garage to the main lobby. Then another elevator from the main lobby to the sky lobby and then another elevator from the sky lobby to the guest rooms. At the busiest times of day, be prepared to wait for the elevators.	
May 10 2008 	Great base for visiting Chicago	Large, clean, quiet, well designed rooms. Good breakfast and complimentary drinks at the bar early evening. A great base in the city for a first-time visitor.	
May 5 2008	Great location for seeing Chicago	Spent three days at the North Columbus hotel. It is walking distance to Michigan Ave, Navy Pier, and Grant Park's north side. We used cabs to get to the museums (about $11 with tip). The central location was ideal for allowing the family to rest after seeing the sites. Pool was fine, and manager's reception was a nice touch. Breakfast was perfect, especially the made to order omlets. A step above the canned meals offfered at other hotels.	
Apr 27 2008 	pretty good deal	I found this hotel to be a great value for the money. The room was quite large, we have stayed at many suites in downtown chicago and I think this may be one of the best. Separate living room with sofa bed, microwave and fridge, then large bedroom with own sink in there. Clean lobby and rooms, staff friendly enough on check-in. Huge hotel but had plenty of elevators and had no problem going up or down. Didn't try the pool or cocktail hour, but breakfast was edible, the made-to-order eggs looked the best but I don't like eggs. The location also great, seconds away from Michigan ave. Absolutly no view from room, right into parking garage and was a little loud at night, but that never bothers me. Overall will probably stay here again.	
Apr 26 2008 	Our Favorit Hotel in Chicago	Our family prefers this hotel to any other (including staying with family members in the city). It is conveniently located to everything we want to do. The staff is so friendly, they always remember us and it is like coming home each time we stay. We find the staff helpful when trying to locate things we are unfamiliar with, and their suggestions on places or servces we want to find are always perfect choices for us. The rooms allow us the comforts of home from the fridge and microwave to the 2 rooms with TVs and the extra sink helps accomodate all of us! We have stayed her since our child was a baby and each and every time they make him feel like a king! Whether it was a crib with a cozy blanket, or a fold out bed made to look like a throne, parents and children are always made to feel comfortable. We like to convenience to the supermarket (on the next corner) to stock up on supplies while in town and everything we need is in walking distance - great restaurants or shopping. We like the fact that we can use the indoor pool and love the hot breakfast with everything we would need to start the day of right.	
Apr 26 2008 	This is our favorite hotel in Chicago	The staff at this hotel is extra friendly and makes our family feel at home every time we are there. From the time we check in, and all through our stay their friendly and expedient service makes us want to return over and over again. The best value in town and the best location for seeing the city. Being frequent visitor, we appreciate the fresh renovations to the property. As a family traveling together, the rooms are perfect for us with everything we need to make our stay complete. No request seems to be unreasonable and is handled very promptly. Our family loves the hot breakfast in the morning, which gives us more than the standard cold contental that others offers ( a great way to start the day). This is our home away from home in Chicago!	
Apr 17 2008 	Unfriendly staff overrated breakfast	Hospitality defined by apathetic and unfriendly staff is what you may experience at your stay here. I was in Chicago for a week, and my husband booked this place, b/c they have a separate living room and bedroom, as well as a microwave. We regretted the decision the day we walked in, where we were greeted rather unkindly by the front desk staff who could not crack a smile.Anytime we contacted the front desk, we had to call back numerous times, as they took forever to answer, although February was no big busy month for hotels in Chicago.The few times they actually got the phone, they were by no means courteous and hospitable. I don't think that guests should be made uncomfortable for asking for basic services or simple questions at a hotel. Part of the fee is for such services usually b/c the traveler is in a new place they don't know much about.I will never visit this hotel again, and highly discourage anyone from staying at Embassy Suites in downtown Chicago.	
Mar 27 2008 	Good Spring Break Choice	Nice hotel, convenient to many places. Had two problems. First, pool was closed all day Monday after we arrived. Not good - considering it was Spring Break and we have a kid. Second, make sure to put out your &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; every morning before you leave for breakfast. Had a situation where cleaning person came before 9 am, and wouldn't leave after we cam back. Delayed our day by about 1 hour.	
Mar 6 2008 	Love the hotel but hate the over priced parking! Big time gouge!	The hotel is a superb facility located in the middle of anything you could want to do, even walking in sub zero temps! There is a good grocery store 1/2 block away just to the right once you leave the front of the hotel (not Trader Joe's overpriced snob crap which is also close by). The room was very nice and the beds are sooooo comfortable. We enjoyed the cocktail hour, although the bartenders seemed to be working on a major slow down cue. Lines formed for the duration of the cocktail hour even when simply pouring a glass of beer. My only real beef is with the hotel parking. I read a previous poster who said take the hotel parking as it was such a deal. Well, think twice, it's more complicated than that if you watch your money. If you just want to park and walk, choose the public ramp within feet of the front door on Ontario St. for $12 a day (no in and out service, once out you pay). On the other hand, if you want in and out service, of course a tip each time your car is brought up, then go for the $40 per day. I will go back to this hotel gladly, but will not park in their lot.Lawry's Prime Rib on Ontario is soooo worth going to!	
Feb 26 2008	Great location great breakfast	Hotel was centrally located just north of the Chicago River, perfect for the Mag Mile and Hancock Tower and just a few blocks from the Loop. Subway stop within 100 metre walk. Rooms were large, comfortable and well equipped, though being English, the tea was awful, but you learn to live with that!! Pool was pretty tiny for a hotel of this size but it's location makes it more a base for sight seeing than a spa break. The complimentary breakfast was very good with a wide selection which set us up for the rest of the day.	
Feb 23 2008 	Great Stay	I stayed here for 2 nights on business. The hot breakfast every morning was great. The manager reception at night offers 2 hours of free drinks and hot dogs. There is also wireless and wired internet in the rooms. I used a shuttle to get from O'Hare to the hotel but they advised against using one on the return trip. They can sometimes be late and if you are not waiting at the door they may leave without you. I used a taxi instead and it was about $40.	
Feb 19 2008 	Good Stay Good Location	This hotel is located on State St.It is nearby to a number of fine restaurants and attractions.All of the major attractions are either within a taxi ride or walk.The hotel is nice, the main lobby is not as extensive as you would expect for a regular Embassy Suites but the restaurant area and pool &amp; fitness center are very nice.Our room was on the 11th floor and we had a view of the downtown area. Pros:LocationViewsAccessibilityPool &amp; Fitness CenterCons:Restuarant (No high chairs visible)Basic Room FeaturesThis hotel is a very good hotel if you want to be close to the attractions and the such.	
Jan 19 2008 	Great Stay	Booked on hilton.com and got a good rate. Check in was very fast, asked for a room on a high floor away from the elevator and that is just what I got. The staff was very helpful.The room was just as expected, living room, small kitchen area, dining room table and a separate bedroom. The room had 2 tv's and 2 sinks not including the one in the bathroom. Good hot water in the shower, nice toiletries. The bed was not that comfy but what can you do oh and no foam pillows. Yes like others said the lines were long for the free drinks at night and free breakfast in the morning (only omelette line) but it is to be expected especially if you come during a busy time. The food and drinks were worth the lines.All in all I felt like I got a great deal and would definitely stay here again and again and again.	
Jan 1 2008 	Great location but nothing special	We had a group of 8 in 4 rooms for 3 nights. Hotel is in a very convenient location close to Michigan Ave. and all shopping with tons of great restaurants close by. Check in experience was very slow due to front desk personnel- both shortage and lack of ability. Rooms were clean but the bathroom had the weirdest swinging door on it that was a big hassle if you were coming in or out. I have stayed at a lot of Embassy Suites but never seen a door like this one. The bed had been updated but was nothing but a standard Embassy Suites room. Breakfast was very good but the logistics of how they had this one laid out caused a lot of confusion by guests and traffic issues. Cocktail hour was good. We ate one night in the hotel restaurant since we were wiped out from a long day of shopping. Food was ok but would not eat there again. There are too many great places close by for the same money.	
Dec 12 2007	Loved it!!	We really enjoyed our weekend trip to Chicago. The hotel was was really nice. Check in was fast and we even got to check in four hours early. The rooms were large and very nice. I think the one thing that I liked the best was the wonderful free breakfast buffett. They also had on the spot cooking stations if you wanted your eggs cooked special. Everything was hot and very fresh. The hotel is within walking distance to everything downtown. *A must do if you have never been to Chicago. Go to the 96 floor Bar in the John Hancock building about an hour or so before sunset. There is usually a wait to get on the elevator so go early. The sunset is awesome. Also the view of the city is just breathtaking. If you can't get a table, just go into the ladies bathroom and you can see it from there.	
Dec 7 2007 	good location	We stayed here for two nights in october on floor 17.If you have young children or suffer from vertigo stay lower down!The hallways overlook an atrium but the walls are glass..made me feel peculiar!The suites are well fitted out but i would say suitable for 4 max.Free breakfast good quality no waiting and have a much as you like.Happy hour in evening a little souless but hey its free.Location is great and in an area where we all felt completely safe.Well stocked supermarket just across the street.	
Oct 30 2007 	Fantastic time!	This hotel was recommended to us. I looked at some of the reviews once I'd booked and had some reservations about staying there as someof the reviews were grim.We had a wonderful time right from the moment we were met by the doorman till we got in the taxi to head back to the airport. The room/s were lovely, well apponted, well maintained, clean and had everything we needed for our three night stay. Yes the hotel is more expensive than others but you get what you pay for. The manager reception each evening was busy but you could have whatever (and as many as you wanted) you wanted to drink along with the snacks that were available too. Breakfast was great and hardly any waiting aroundto get served. There did appear to be some queues later on (after 8.30am) but given the size of the hotel it could have been a nightmare. The cook to order omelettes were delicious, I'd highly recommend them.Only gripe was that there was no changing area for the pool so you had to go down in your costume and go back to your room to get dressed. Robes would have been nice for this.The location is ideal, just a couple of blocks from the main shoppingarea and certainly in walking distance to Navy Pier and the Hancock Tower.Should we be back in Chicago we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 26 2007 	We enjoyed our stay tremendously	We stayed at the Embassy Suites Downtown October 14th - 18th. I had read were people complained about the noise from the lobby and from the road, but we were on the 9th floor and did not notice any of these. Managers reception in the evening was great as was the morning breakfast buffet. The reception area was rather cool but we just grabbed a light jacket. The staff was super freindly and the evening doorman is the best. He would greet us at night &quot;How's the family this evening.&quot; My son thought he was the greatest. We enjoyed our stay and it was even better with my company picking up the tab while I was at a conference while the wife and son explored Chicago. It was close to the bus lines and about 6 blocks from the &quot;El&quot; trains. I highly recommend it.	
Oct 19 2007 	Perfect!	I loved the Embassy Suites... Great location, near the Magnificant mile and lots of primo restaurants.The room was great. If your staying a few days having a microwave and frig right in the room is perfect. Along with internet and flat screen TV?A huge buffet breakfast was included in the stay. You could eat and skip lunch!.. Also, where else can you get happy hour these days with just about any type of drink free?	
Oct 16 2007 	Met Our Needs	My family (husband, 14 yo &amp; 12 yo) stayed here for 3 nights. Definitely in the heart of the city. Fairly quiet for being downtown. Extremely helpful and friendly staff. Free happy hour from 5:30-7:30 nightly. Very hearty breakfast. Clean room. Would stay here again.	
Oct 2 2007 	Meet all Expectations and then sum!	Was in town for a city wide convention. Service and staff were great. Rooms clean and well kept. Had trouble hailing a cab in the busy morning crunch time to get to McCormick Place. Walked over to the Marriott and it wasn't any better we waited over 45mins in line to get a cab that day. No fault of the Doorman/bellman just the location of the hotels. I did have much better luck the next few days by walking around the corner to Dearborn and hailed a cab within 2 mins.	
Sep 13 2007 	Great Location Good Choice	Our family stayed here in late August for five nights. The room was good sized for big city hotel rooms, and having two rooms means that everyone isn't on top of each other all time. Yes the walls are thin, and you will hear city noise, but what do you expect ? You're not in Kansas.  The breakfast was fine, eggs, cereals, yogurt, fruit and breads. No it's not elegant dining but considering what hotels charge for breakfast, it's a significant savings to have a free breakfast when travelling with children.  The staff, parking, cleanliness were all good. The location is central for visiting Chicago. And the neighborhood is safe with people out and about at all hours. I would return.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Location Great Hotel	After winning this hotel on Priceline I immediately went to TripAdvisor to check out the reviews. I was worried - the recent reviews are awful. Since booking our stay through Priceline we had no choice but to stay here. I called that evening to request a non-smoking room - &quot;No problem&quot; - I was told. Then I decided to push my luck and request a early arrival - once again - &quot;No problem&quot;. I thought this doesn't sound like the hotel described by others, but I hadn't seen the hotel or rooms yet! Upon arrival the same clerk who I spoke with the night before was who checked us in - she even remembered speaking with me. Then we were given our non-smoking, early arrival room at 11:30 AM! The lobby was very nice - let's go see the room. The atrium is beautiful, the room very well appointed. Very clean and very roomy! The bed was comfy and we also enjoyed the flat screen TV in the main room. Our room over looked State St and there was little noise - remember you are in a big city, staying downtown - noise is part of the experience! We loved our stay here and would highly recommend! Oh yeah, don't forget the free happy hour every night, nice way to start out before you head out to dinner.	
Aug 20 2007 	Even better Than Expected	I'd heard glowing reviews of Embassy Suites but the photos on the Web site looked just average. I was pleasantly surprised when I met three friends at the lakefront location on Columbus Drive. We had a room with two double beds and a pull-out couch in the living room for two nights. The room was spacious as Chicago hotels go, and well appointed. The beds were luxurious and comfy, with a view of the lakefront a bonus, and the living room and kitchenette very pleasant. The only negative was a feeling of &quot;being in the joint&quot; as we stepped off the elevator and inched our way along the catwalk some sixteen floors up above the atrium lobby. It really is very prison like! Breakfast and the manager's reception were a nice add ons. Though we only subjected ourselves to the evening experience one night as the crowd awaiting service at the manager's reception looked thirsty and threatening. The thunderous rush to the bar at 5:30 sharp was a bit off-putting. We chatted and waited at our table and watched the chaos for 20 minutes and did eventually get a glass of wine, but the overall experience was hordish. The full breakfast was not so bad, but the hotel did use elevator postings to warn of red and green light times for breakfast. So take heed.	
Aug 16 2007 	No sleep	Room was facing State Street and traffic kept us up all night long along with the noisy people in the next room. Water pipes are loud and you can hear water running all the time. Not a good night's sleep when you have to run a marathon the next day. Requested safety pins from housekeeping, never got them. Will not stay here again.	
Aug 15 2007 	No no and then again no	I paid 359 USD per night for a room. Stayed here with two children. This hotel depressed us all so much that we tried to find another but it was too late to do so, as anything better was booked. The first thing you notice is the crowd of people in the lobby, then in the lifts (elevators), milling around on the floors. There are people everywhere. You can't get away from them. Saw teen boys making osbcense gyrating movements with their hips to others.The rooms are located around the atruim or quadrangle, so you can look down from the corridor before you enter your room. A bit like subsidised housing. This means that you never get away from people and have to be careful to keep your curtains drawn. The room is not a &quot;suite&quot;. It is shabby beyond description.The sofabed sags in the middle and you have to careful about the windows/curtains which also let in light and noise from all the people coming and going all night long. On top of it, they host events in the restaurant for non-guests til late at night. So forget about a good night's sleep. Oh and if you are on the end of the building which does not face the street, your view from the back window is their multi-storey car-park which is about ten feet away from the room. People parking can see you clearly and you them.Breakfast is a sad crowded affair with plastic trays, lines and more lines and styrofoam/stryene cups. Obviously mass-catering here- plates have that gritty feeling of not being properly washed. What more can I say- we hated this place so much.	
Aug 5 2007 	Don't Expect Too Much	Maybe I've come to expect too much, but I have to say I was pretty disappointed with our four night stay at the Embassy. My first impression when we walked into the hotel was that it was dirty. There was stuff all over the lobby floor and no one seemed the least bit concerned. The room we requested, a suite with two double beds, was sold out so they gave us a room with a king instead, knocking off $100/night. Ok, that was nice! The room itself was satisfactory. It was a litlle stuffy and the airconditioner didn't seem to work that well. I found the bed hard and very uncomfortable, and the sheets were really, really scratchy. The plasma t.v. was a hit with the kids, though.Several times I tried to call the front desk or guest services for additional pillows and blankets, and no one answered. When I got through, I was told they didn't have any extra pillows. The breakfast was ok, although we've had better at a Country Inn &amp; Suites. There were scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, some yogurt and bakery goods. Made to order omlets are also available, but we didn't have any. On the weekend, there can be a lot of traffic for breakfast, but the management did a great job of keeping everything moving. There is also a Starbucks in the building.The concierge was knowledgable about the subway and gave us great directions to the red line, which is a short walk away. We walked almost everywhere, except to the Cubs game.Overall, when we pay this much for a hotel room, I expect quite a bit. Next time, we'll forego the &quot;separate bedroom&quot; and book a standard room in one of the nicer hotels in Chicago.	
Jul 28 2007 	Embassy was ok	It's been awhile since we stayed at an Embassy Suites. This location was in a central location. The rooms were well appointed, but didn't appear to be cleaned properly. Our main issue with the suite was the ventilation system and air conditioning did not operate very well. We found it very stuffy in the room, the air was stale. We ended up opening the window which made it all the more difficult to sleep with the downtown noise.The hotel only offers valet parking which costs $40. We had a package. The front desk was flexible with us allowing us to leave the car there beyond checkout time and didn't charge us.Breakfast was the usual that Embassy serves and was satisfactory.Overall, we were dissappointed with our stay.	
Jul 16 2007 	Perfect for Kids	This Embassy suites is perfect for families with kids, although I'd choose a boutique hotel if I didn't have kids. The hotel honored my request for 4 rooms in a row for my family and brothers' families. The teens loved being able to go down to breakfast or the evening snack hour without parents (although with the atrium architecture, we could see tham at all times.) The atrium brings a certain amount of noise into the living room of the suite, especially during a Saturday night wedding (thankfully, it ended by the time we returned from the free fireworks at navy Pier.)The breakfast service on weekends was crowded, but the management worked hard to keep things moving with extra serving stations and written advisories about the busy times. Happy hour lines could be lengthy, but moved fairly quickly. I felt the mgt. was on top of the situation, and was very responsive.Richard, the weekend concierge was very knowledgeable about restaurants, which busses to use, and church services.I asked for quiet rooms, which meant we were in the back overlooking the parking garage (but no street noise.) My parents are hard of hearing, and loved their view of State St. at night. Be sure to consider which is more important to you.The hotel was pricey, but the location and service was perfect.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great choice for families	Stayed during family trip to Chicago. Great experience! Clean and comfortable. Location is unbeatable, we walked nearly everywhere. Would certainly stay again.	
Jun 19 2007 	Location Location Location	Good value hotel in an excellent location only a short walk from Michigan Avenue with many excellent bars and restaurants on your doorstep, as well as easy access to the FREE Navy Pier trolley and the Gangster tour only a couple of blocks away.The bedrooms themselves were clean and spacious and I have to say the bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept in. The only downside to the bedrooms I thought was not having free wireless internet which this day in age is usually pretty standard.I was very impressed with the evening free drinks reception and the breakfast was far better than expected with a good variety to suit all tastes.I will certainly be staying here again.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great hotel! Just watch the noise...	This hotel is almost perfect. The proximity to the Magnificent Mile, along with the loop make it great for walking. It's also great for public transporation.The evening reception was nice, with a little food and free drinks. The breakfast was also good enough to get you going in the morning!My only complaint is the noise level from the atruim. As all of the rooms have a door facing the atrium, if you are utilizing the bed in the living room, light-sleepers will probably not sleep. However, I heard absolutely no inside noise in the bedroom.Overall, this is a GREAT hotel for the price!	
Jun 9 2007 	Great Value	Just got back from a 2 night stay at the Embassy Suites.Great staff, great location and great value are how I would describe this hotel. We were 2 blocks from the Grand station connection to the Red Line to get to the White Sox game (easiest access I have ever had to a pro sports venue) and Michigan Avenue was an easy walk. The Navy pier trolley was convenient to this location. Pizzeria Uno and the ESPN zone were also a short walk.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the breakfast was much more than I expected. There was a great variety of breakfast food and the made to order omelets were fantastic. The two room suite gave us plenty of room and the plasma tv in the living room was a nice touch.They had the best deal we could find downtown for this week and we got our money's worth. Our whole family would love to stay there again.	
May 31 2007 	Terrific hotel and location	Terrific location; walk to most attractions; took a tour with the Chicago Trolley Company - 1 block from hotel; stops at 13 different location; 2 blocks from Michigan Ave; took architectural tour - beautiful! Great room; typical indoor pool - a bit warm/chlorinated - but not there for pool; Great front-door service - greeted immediately upon arrival by Michael who was so pleasant to us all weekend; breakfast was great - nice seating area; happy hour - nuts, pretzels - nothing real special. Very nice rooms and bathrooms w/marble sinks, etc. Would stay there again.	
May 5 2007 	Great Location One Room Suite	I was attending a conference in Chicago over a weekend and had to divide my stay between two hotels. I pricelined a room for Saturday night only and won the Embassy Suites Downtown. It was a slightly interesting experience. I had thought all Embassy Suites' rooms were two bedroom suites. Apparently one room on each floor is listed a &quot;King Parlor Suite&quot;--that means that the firestairwell is where the living room would normally be and you just a long hallway to the bedroom in back. I was changing hotels midway and called ahead to ask if I could check in early. They said they had a King Parlor Suite available if I wanted that. It was fine as I was there only one night, bur I was a little surprised when I walked into the room and found it was only one room. The bathroom was also small with only a standup shower stall rather than a bathtub. The toiletries were actually very nice (herb scented) and nice than those provided at the Westin I had stayed at the night before.The room was very clean and well kept and the bedding of high quality, but having stayed at the Westin the night before, it was obviously of a lower star quality with laminated particle board type furniture. That said, it is a solid three star hotel--clean and well kept.. There were one or two weddings going on that night and the noise from the atrium was noticably audible in the room well after midnight. It might be better in the two room suites where you could close the door to the bedroom. Valet parking is conviently located right under the hotel--I think around 37 dollars per night. The parking guys did not lift a finger to help me with getting luggage into or out of my car--maybe it's not their job. Location is convieniently located in River North near the Weber Grill restaurant. The Italian restaurant located off the lobby looked pretty good.	
May 4 2007 	Enjoyed our trip	It's all you would expect from an Embassy Suites Hotel. Location was great as well as the breakfast and happy hour. My only complaints were that the fitness room was very warm and there was not a safe in the room. We loved it though!	
Apr 27 2007 	Great Location!	My spouse and I spent two nights and had a pleasurable stay. Hotel is close to Michigan Ave and 1 block to the L red line. We arrived at the hotel early on our check in day and the staff allowed us to check in. Staff was pleasent and helpful. Room was very clean. We would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 25 2007 	Solid hotel great location	We stayed here for five nights with our two daughters. The hotel staff was always helpful and attentive. The parking valets where especially nice. It's an easy walk to Michigan Avenue. We drove to the museums. Only complaint: There was a wedding one night and the young adults from the wedding partied loudly way into the night. They woke our daughters a couple times. The hotel staff was slow to respond.	
Apr 23 2007 	Fun Trip - Decent Hotel	Mom, sis and I met in Chicago for a girl's weekend to celebrate my mother's birthday. We arrived at the hotel at 8:45 AM on Friday morning. I was able to preregister at the desk and the employee told me I could check back earlier than 3 since my room would probably be ready. The extremely friendly bellman took my luggage and teased me that &quot;it was so sad we had to go shopping!&quot; Security was also very helpful and locked my laptop in their security area rather than the general luggage hold.We came back at 2 and the room was ready. 10th floor, corner room, 2 doubles. Complimentary bottled water was waiting for us as a HH member. The room was very clean and extremely quiet. Beds/pillows were extremely comfortable. The pullout bed was a no-go as it was just too flimsy. Sis and mom ended up sharing a bed :) I lucked out on that one!!The breakfast bar each day was not crowded, but we were there around 8 am each day. Choices were the normal breads, meats, eggs. The hot foods were slightly cold and the bread a little stale the first day. The next day we got cooked to order eggs which were MUCH better. Overall not bad especially since included in the room rate. We were always gone during the manager's reception so no review on it.The hotel offers free internet in the business center which I used two days to check email and get boarding passes. The room did not have an ethernet cable (I forgot mine) so my laptop was of no use. The location is awesome with just a few blocks from Michigan Ave. We had restaurants all around and walked everywhere. We walked to the Oriental Theater Saturday night and did not feel unbearingly unsafe on the walk back - we speed walked back and made it in about 12 minutes :)Overall, nice clean hotel, great staff and comfy beds. Great location!!	
Apr 12 2007 	Excellent location on budget	We have a family of 4 so to get a room that would accommodate 6 was superb value for money. The breakfast in the morning is more than adequate and the managers free drinks in the evening was a bonus.The staff were very friendly and helpful, I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the city on a budget.	
Apr 8 2007 	great location mediocre hotel	Booked too far in advance and was stuck with a pricey, inflexible reservation. Lovely view of a parking ramp. Note that the luggage carts can only be used by bellmen. There's a lot of nickel and diming at the facility, which isn't very family-friendly. Breakfast buffet is largely inedible.	
Mar 31 2007	Good location decent suite.	I spent three nights here on business for a conference at the McCormick Convention Center. The location is excellent with respect to tourist locations in Chicago, but poor for getting to the convention center. The hotel staff was nice and gladly let me switch rooms the first evening due to problems with a neighbor. The hotel was a little noisy with tourist traffic (i.e. kids running around), but evenings were quiet. The rooms were large suites, which was a little overkill. The kitchenette area was in need of some renovation. In both rooms, the cabinetry was warping and there were stains on the floor near the minifridge. Everything else was average. Breakfast was included, and consisted for the standard bagels and muffins, in addition to hot items like an omelet bar, bacon, sausage, eggs, hasbrowns, etc. While the room wasn't as nice as I had anticipated, the overall experience was satisfactory and I would consider staying here again if other options were booked.	
Mar 31 2007 	Very Comfortable - Very Affordable - Good Quality	This hotel is centrally located to many of Chicago's inner-city major businesses and restaurants. It is very close to the underground metro and taxi service is easy to and from all locations. The rooms are quite comfortable but I needed maintenance to turn the air handler to &quot;Summer&quot; as all I could get was warm air and it was 80-degrees in the room. The manager's reception is quite nice and you can make a meal of the snacks that are served. I secured this reservation directly with Hilton Hotels and actually received a better rate ($149) than Expedia. One final note - Homewood Suites downtown is a far superior lodging accommodation and is also part of the Hilton Hotel chain.	
Mar 28 2007	Hotel and Staff Are Fantastic!	Spent this past weekend with my husband @ the Embassy Suites Downtown and had a fantastic time. We were very impressed with the hotel and all of the &quot;extras&quot; (fabulous breakfast, Manager's evening reception). We were equally impressed by how friendly and helpful the staff of the hotel were. We will definately stay there again on our next visit to Chicago.	
Mar 16 2007 	Nice Hotel in the middle of Downtown	I stayed here for a convention that I attended. What a great place. They have a free cooked to order breakfast daily and in the evening they have a Managers Complimentary snacks and cocktails from 5-7 nightly. Lobby area is actully a floor above from the ground level which makes it a nice place to sit and relax. This is also where the breakfast area is. The rooms are mini suites and are very comfortable. The hotel is close to all of downtown and within walking distance from the Navy Pier. The city of Chicago is a great town. Other members that attended the convention were staying at the Sheraton and the Ritz across the street from us and were disappointed. They had to pay for everything including the newspaper. Our was delivered free daily to your room. There were a lot of families there also so I would recommned this hotel for families. Overall great place and very convienent. I would stay there again for business or pleasure.	
Mar 2 2007	Excellent Service...Close to everything	I have not stayed at this particular property in about 5 years, moved to the Lakefront Embassy for awhile. There has been a renovation done and it is great. Service is fabulous as I expected, rooms roomy and comfortable and well decorated. Breakfasts are the BEST...cooked to order or yogurt or doughnuts...etc. This hotel is close to all shopping, theatres and nightlife. I enjoyed the valet parking free &quot;deal&quot; offered by Hilton. It was nice to pull into the heated car lot, have someone park my car and take the elevator up to checkin. Loved the doorman, very kind and friendly and the evening hospitality included hot dogs, free drink and munchies. My 16 year old daughter and I took in the show &quot;Wicked&quot; and it was a great walk there and back. We love Chicago and all it has to offer and we love Hilton Hotels in Chicago!	
Feb 16 2007 	great location	Great location! Girlfriend w/e....adjoining suites. Nice size living room area in suite,clean, good showers, lot of towels,empty refrig, microwave, hair dryer, drapes make rooms really dark. Entire staff was extremely friendly &amp; helplful. Walking distance to Water Tower Place, the &quot;bean&quot;, restauants. Includes full buffet breakfast (hot/cold foods) with lots of seating; also manager reception in evening. Nice lobby. Would HIGHLY RECOMMEND!	
Jan 23 2007 	Loved it!!!	The hotel was beautiful! Location was awesome. Large, spacious rooms. Large bathroom, clean too! Everyone was so helpful. The free breakfast was really good, nice TVs in the bar area. Elevators are fast, never have to wait. Parking is great underground, dont have to worry about your car. Down the street from hard rock, rock bottom, rock &amp; roll mcdonalds. 5 min ride to navy pier. 5 min walk to michigan ave. Perfect perfect perfect!! Would definately stay again.	
Jan 17 2007 	Very happy with the Embassy Suites	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the hotel with my husband. The location is perfect. You are two blocks from Michigan Avenue, and one block from the Grand Subway station. There is also a Starbucks right beside the hotel and small grocery store right across the street. The breakfast at the hotel is the normal stuff at breakfast buffets, omlettes were nice. The nightly reception was also great. It was very crowded over the weekend, but we never waited more than a few minutes in line for breakfast or for a drink a night. The room service was so-so, over priced, had it one night for dinner. The room looked like it had been redone recently. Linens were nice. There was a little bit of street noise at night, but we were so exhausted every night from walking around that I hardly noticed it. The workout room was great, had 3 treadmills, 2 elipticals, and 2 bikes, plus free weights. We did most of the tourisist stuff and really enjoyed ourselves in Chicago. I highly recommend going to see Wicked at the Oriental theater. Outstanding performance and enjoyed the venue. Also check out restaurant.com before you go, as there is many restaurants in the downtown area. We had an amazing dinner at the Chestnut Grill on Chestnut Street near the Hancock building. I bought a gift certificate on restaurant.com for $10 which we used.	
Jan 4 2007 	Freezing cold pool!	My husband, 4 year-old daughter and I stayed at this property December 30 - Januray 2nd. Overall, the hotel was clean, staff were friendly and the location was great. Unfortunately, we had a few problems.Our room, upon arrival, was very cold and the cable was broken. A custodian came to fix both problems and was successful after several hours of work. My biggest complaint was the pool. The tile appeared dirty and the temperature of the water was very cold. We complained the first day and the staff admitted the heater had been turned down (why?) and that they would increase the temp by the following day. The next day, although it was a bit warmer, it was still too cold for us to swim. Since the pool is my daughter's favorite thing at any hotel, the cold temp really dimished our enjoyment. We will not return to this hotel.	
Dec 27 2006 	2 Stays - Both Awesome!	Family and I stayed two nights at the beginning of the week and one night at the end of the week. I'm sure there are other great places to stay in Chicago, but it would be hard for any of them to beat the Embassy Suites Downtown. The staff - from the doorman to the bellhops to the front desk to the breakfast and evening hospitality crews - are all first class. Any request was met with a smile and &quot;sure we can&quot; attitude. None of the nights were sold out, so evening and breakfast crowds were not too bad. On the Friday night stay, there were definitely more families with more children. This was most noticeable in the pool and business center (the hotel should ban under 18 from the business center). We got an incredible Internet rate through the Hilton web site, but this place would have been worth a higher price. The place is modern and everything was in great working order. The breakfast line is very efficient as the get the omelettes started and add the ingredients as requested - it helps keep the line moving. Was always able to find plenty to eat and places to sit.There is a grocery store right across the street and plenty of restaurants within easy (and very safe) walking distance. The grocery even has a good deli counter with hot food. If going to Navy Pier, the free trolley is fine, but not as frequent as the bus (a bargain at $2 per adult and older child). Someone told me their family took a cab - $10, including tip. The Chicago Childrens Museum is really loads of fun - check your local museum for reciprocal membership privelages.I will definitely try to stay here on any return trip, especially at a great rate.	
Dec 27 2006 	nice but i overpaid	Booked in mid nov at the embassy web site and got an internet rate of $249. Thought it was a deal, until I checked again a week before i left and see I could have saved about $75 a night. Do not ever book any internet rate. Booked $249 for a king, asked if they could accomdate a double when I got there, they said no, since I had a pre-paid room. Almost $1000.00. Sad thing was the hotel was only half booked and I could have had a double if they really wanted to give me one, and I am a Hilton Member too. Breakfast was good, evening reception was good, loved Chicago, but next time will stay in a cheaper hotel.	
Nov 29 2006 	Great stay during Thanksgiving	My family stayed here over the Thanksgiving holiday. Although the hotel was very busy, the staff dealt with everything wonderfully. We were warned that the lines at the morning buffet would be long, but we never encountered a bad wait. The breakfast selections are good, but never vary. This could get old if you are staying for a long time. This hotel has an exceptional location - it is very convenient for shopping on Michigan Avenue and there are many excellent restaurants within easy walking distance. There is internet available, but it is not free.	
Nov 26 2006 	great experience at embassy suites	we stayed at the embassy suites over the thanksgiving holiday. check in was very easy and fast. our room was very nice and clean. after we arrived in our room, a maid came by and brought us ice and terry robes to use during our stay. the evening reception was very nice also. the bartenders were very friendly, even though we had to wait in line for our drinks. (the hotel was booked full) . breakfast omlets were very good also, my only complaint would be that the buffet food could have been hotter. But overall we were very satified with our stay, and would stay there again.	
Nov 6 2006 	Awesome Location	The Embassy Suites Downtown is located in the middle of everything. The rooms are comfortable and very clean. We loved the complementary breakfast and the free drinks they serve from 5-7. There's a Starbuck's and ColdStone Creamery in the same building, which we loved. It's almost impossible to find hotels this spacious at this price!	
Oct 9 2006 	Great location great value	Stayed at the Embassy Suites Downtown for 5 nights to attend a business conference. The location is fantastic, with no need to rent a car if you can make it to the hotel without one (take the airport shuttle or taxi). Everything is in walking distance, great restaurants close by, and in a safe area. The front desk managed to find a free King suite upon my request at check in, since I had been reserved a double by mistake. Rooms kept clean, the bed was very comfortable, absolutely no problems with the room. The extra value is in the daily breakfast and manager's reception. Even if the line seems long at breakfast, it moves quickly, and there are always tables available by the time you need one. The nightly happy hour is a nice change from the 12 dollar drinks you will pay at area restaurants, so take advantage of it if you're so inclined. Not premium brands, but hey, it's free. It was also very nice to be greeted upon returning from to the hotel each evening with a friendly, &quot;Welcome Home!&quot; by the porter. They seem to make an effort to be friendly and warm. I would use this hotel again.	
Oct 3 2006 	Liked staying in this area	Found this property to be a decent value and a great neighborhood. I have an emotional attachment to the Palmer House, but this was cheaper, and, of course, there is free breakfast, free drinks and plenty of space. Everything was pretty well managed and maintained. I really liked staying in this part of town...it feels a little scary in parts of the loop after dark, but it felt safer walking around in this area. The selection of restaurants was better, too.	
Aug 28 2006	Nice hotel right in the middle of the downtown action.	We stayed at the Embassy Suites Downtown for one night. It is a nice place, and one of the cheapest I could find right in the middle of downtown. The only thing that we didn't like was the parking situation. It was a hassle to get into the garage w/ traffic, but the valets were nice when we finally made it in. The only issue was when we were ready to leave we had to wait a while for them to get the car from an outside lot – so your car doesn’t always stay in the garage. The room was very nice and clean. Most of the staff was friendly (with the exception of the front desk person). We didn’t take advantage of the Manager’s Reception, but had the complementary breakfast the next morning which include an omelet bar. Yum! I recommend this hotel if you want a nice room at a cheaper rate than most that are downtown, right in the middle of the action!	
Aug 26 2006 	Downtown Chicago Embassy was Sweet	This is the best place that I have stayed at in Chicago! The location was excellent, just a couple of blocks away from Michigan Avenue and some great restaurants. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. Do not hesitate to ask them any questions. I especially enjoyed the manager's reception, which featured free drinks and snacks from 5:30 to 7:30 every evening. (The snacks were soft pretzels, tacos, and hush puppies on the nights that I stayed, but chips and pretzels were also served each night.) Some people complained about the selection, or the speed in which they were able to get their free drinks...but it's FREE DRINKS IN CHICAGO (not something to complain about in my book). I was able to get the drinks that I wanted, and as many as I wanted, within the 2 hours. The bartenders were also very friendly.The breakfast was decent enough. French toast, bacon, sausage, and eggs were plentiful as the hot breakfast each day. Bagels, toast, cereal, milk, great orange juice, and passable coffee rounded up the daily breakfast offerings. I'd recommend having a peaceful early breakfast (around 7am) instead of joining in the chaotic rush around 9am.I will definitely be staying here during my next trip to Chicago. Here's a tip: The parking is about 10 bucks cheaper per night at the lot around the corner from the hotel on Ohio (just a quick left before State Street) than at the actual hotel lot located on State Street.	
Aug 14 2006	couldn't of asked for better hotel!	Went to spend 5 days with friends, and children. What a great place! The staff was helpful, the free breakfast and managers reception was excellent, couldn't of asked for a better value. Only drawback was the swimming pool was only 4' deep, but didn't bother our 9 years old. They had a great time anyway. The rooms were clean and well maintained.	
Jul 14 2006	Great Place	Got a really nice rate from Priceline and spent the weekend at this place. The breakfast is second to none, and I really liked how the lobby was set up. PERFECT LOCATION. Its is walking distance from everywhere. Other people have written reviews that criticize the noise, but on the 13th floor I didn't notice any. Its withing walking distance of the mile and many other attractions. If you want to hit the Sears Tower, I also recommend walking (kind of a hike but there is a lot to see). Great hotel, and I have been to many.	
Jul 7 2006	Had a nice time	We stayed here on July 3, 2006 with our 2 kids. The location is close to everything. We were able to walk to Rock N Roll McDonalds, Rainforest, Hardrock, and Ed Devebicks (sp?). We also caught the sightseeing bus by the Mcdonalds. We walked and shopped on Michigan Avenue. The subway station is also nearby and we took it to Millenium Park and Grant Park for Taste of Chicago.The staff was very friendly. There was a 2 hour cocktail reception and breakfast included. There was plenty of seating for both. We loved having the extra space in the room. We parked in the parking garage and didn't have any problems.The lobby area was really pretty with a cascading waterfall.The only complaint we have is the kids said the pool was too small.	
Jun 29 2006	Excellent Family Hotel	My family stayed here for five nights and had a great experience. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The concierge was very helpful and gave good advice. The place was very family friendly. The breakfast and evening reception, while not fancy, were quite wecome and make the hotel a good value for a family.The location was great - restaurants and a grocer nearby. Michigan Ave. was just a couple of blocks away. The train was just a block up the street.Sun - Wed were great, with no lines at all. Starting Thursday it got a little crowded and the pool got a bit rowdy. Otherwise, we had no complaints.All in all, a great place for a few days in the city with the kids.	
May 10 2006	Great Honeymoon	We were on our honeymoon and from the first moment we arrived, we were treated very well. Our suite was on the top floor and was clean, comfortable, and nicely appointed. It was cleaned to the same state each day by the staff. Gina and Richard at the concierge were outstanding and gave us several excellent suggesions for dinner such as Bella Luna and the Grande Lux Cafe. Both were awesome. Richard also got us booked into the Pennisula Hotel Spa on very short notice for a wonderful couples massage.The Hotel is perfectly located a few blocks off Michigan avenue. It is surrounded by many, many resturants and bars.The one item that was less than perfect was that the airconditioning unit did not cool the room very quickly.	
May 9 2006	Two nights at the Embassay Suites	Nice hotel, excellent location. I had requested a late check in, which may have explained the back corner room facing parking garage. A bit noisy but not bad. Rooms were clean, not prisitne, but clean. Beds comfortable. Breakfast included was a nice touch but cafeteria fare, and bland coffee!! Managers reception nice, cocktails good, staff friendly, hor doerves minimal and frozen. But still a nice place to grab a drink before dinner. Front end staff accomodating, door man pleasant. Maid service was congenial.All in all, I would stay again, but basically a nice place to stay not over the top in any way.	
Apr 19 2006	Highly Recommended	I stayed here with a group of 7 women and everyone of us would recommend it. The location is fantastic with shops, bars and restaurants right on your doorstep. The rooms were cleaned every day, and towels replaced which was great. Breakfast was included and offered a good selection. We really appreciated the Managers Reception every evening, where we were shocked to find that drink was free for 2 hours!!! The staff were very friendly and always willing to help. If I were to fault the hotel it would be on the leisure facilities. The pool is quite small and on the one occasion I got into the jacuzzi with my friend there was children jumping in and out of it constantly which really annoyed us.However it didn't stop us enjoying ourselves, and would definitely stay here again if I returned to Chicago.	
Feb 26 2006	Great stay	We have stayed at this hotel many times. This was the best stay by far. The service was excellent... Friendly staff. Great happy hour and breakfast. I highly recommend this hotel. Also had a great meal across the street at Weber Grill.	
Jan 22 2006	Embassy Suites on State - Great	We especially appreciated the helpfulness of Titus, a Food Service Manager, and Richard, the concierge. We would definitely come back to stay at this hotel, with its great staff, location and services.	
Dec 12 2005	Good family hotel	My teenage daughter and I stayed here in July 2005. Hotel is a block from a subway station (we rode a train from Midway) and is close to a bus route that goes to Navy Pier (good for nighttime). We were able to walk everywhere. Michigan Ave about 3 blocks. There is a Starbucks and a nice grocery store across the street. Many restaurants within a block - ESPN Zone, Hard Rock Cafe, Pizzeria Uno, Weber Grill and quite a few others. Our room was standard for an Embassy Suite. It was very clean and non-smoking with a king bed that was comfortable. I asked for a room away from the street so we had a view into the adjacent parking garage but the room was very quiet. We were at the hotel midweek and there were lots of noisy kids. We only ate breakfast once as it was crowded but there was a separate seating area for young children with small furniture, cartoons on a big screen and kid-friendly cereal. Concierge,front desk and doorman very helpful. Internet access is overpriced. The refrigerator is filled with expensive minibar items.We took those out and went to the grocery instead. Pool is small. Mostly kids using it.	
Sep 10 2005 	Good Location Okay Hotel	This hotel has a good location and the rooms are nice; service was fine. There were far too many kids running around on the weekend -- and I do mean running. It includes breakfast, and the food was marginal. It was a full breakfast, served in an unattractive manner. Not much selection on the bread front. The food at the attached restaurant was great, though. This is probably a great place on the weekend for families with younger kids, but that is not my situation. I was primarily there on business and had to stay over the weekend. It was much more quiet during the week. The guys working in the garage were very nice and helpful.	
Jul 11 2005	We stay at this hotel ever year	Every July we travel to Chicago for shopping and all the attractions. This hotel was our first in Chicago. It has everything you need to have a comfortable trip from the cook to order breakfast to the managers reception, this place is our favorite. See you in July.	
Jun 15 2005	Problems with Parking	We went to Chicago to go to the Cubs - Red Sox game and stayed here as we called and the stafff stated it was only a block form public transportation. We knew better than to try and drive to Wrigley Field. We were not allowed to leave our car in the hotel parking lot for 4 hours after checkout, without paying a $28.00 per hour parking fee. I was very disappointed that the hotel would not accomodate this request. Otherwise our experience was fine but I would not recommend this hotel nor stay there again.	
Apr 19 2005	Great location nice staff	We arrived early to the hotel and was greeted by a very nice doorman. He advised us to keep the car flashers on while we checked into the hotel. The front desk staff was average, basically asked for our form of payment and gave us our room key. Our room rate included parking. We drove down to the parking garage (which is next door) and gave the valet our keys. If you purchase the parking with the room, be sure to tell that to the valet. The hotel does not give you a voucher of any kind. The valet was very nice and we walked right up to the hotel. The garage is heated and looked very clean for a valet garage.Our room over looked State Street. We heard the El at night time, not good for a light sleeper. The rooms are paper thin! We heard our neighbor's alarm go off at 6:00am both mornings. Since this property has a pool, you get alot of children running in the hallways. That was a bit distracting, but not nearly enough when the kids would yell down to their parents who were sitting in the atrium. Not the hotels fault at all--just parents that need to watch their children a bit more and respect other hotel guests. Breakfast was average. We learned one imporant thing- if the eggs look glossy- dont eat them! The eggs tasted like rubber on Saturday then alot better on Sunday. The pancakes, sausage, and bacon were very good nonetheless. The staff took extra care in making sure the buffet was full of hot food....hasbrowns, eggs, toast, pancakes, sausage and bacon. The wait staff was always there to clean up a table if someone left. I was impressed because on the weekends it can get very busy. Once you left they were there cleaning off the table for the next guests. They aslo did a great job in keeping the atrium clean during the &quot;mad rush for breakfast&quot; hour. Everyday they have a managers reception. It was nice to sit in the atrium and enjoy a nice glass of wine while looking at the waterfall. The atrium was just splendid! The El station is not far, just the next block over. We were in town for a Cubs game. We got on the EL Red line to Howard, and got off at Addison. The ride is not that far either. Before you knew it you were at the game , and vice versa coming home. It beat us sitting in traffic, or hailing a cab. The EL employees at the station were very accomodating, as well as getting everyone though the line safe and fast.Over all our expericence was average for an Embassy Suites. If you are a light sleeper, try to ask for a room away from State Street. Being in downtown Chicago you cant help hearing horns, and emergency vehicles but the El is a noise that is less to be desired of.Location was only 3 blocks from Michigan Ave. Which was okay- after we ate at the Cheesecake Factory near the John Handcock tower we needed a brisk walk.Love Chicago and I am sure we will return very soon.	
Mar 17 2005	Great place to stay!	We just returned from a week staying at the Embassy Suites Downtown. We were very pleased with the service, the employees, the room, really most everything! The breakfast was really very good. We noticed if you arrived late in the morning the lines were a little long but being an early riser, it wasn't a problem. The atrium where you ate was really light and beautiful with waterfalls and other running water - very pleasant. We only attended the evening ######## time once. It was fine, though we're not much for alcohol and we were usually busy doing something else in Chicago which we love. The conceirge was really helpful and got us priority seating at the Cheesecake Factory on a Saturday night so that we only had to wait 10 minutes - fantastic! The doormen remembered us as we would return which was fun for our teenage daughters. The room was very clean and had 3 sinks which was great. The only minus was the beds were pretty hard and uncomfortable to me. The location is a big plus. Close to the El, and only 3 blocks from Michigan Ave. We were on the 11th floor looking toward the lake which was a beautiful view! We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 25 2004	A good deal.	The hotel is in a great location, the rooms are very nice, I am presuming all the rooms are suites? (per the title). Our room had two rooms, two TV's a small dining table, four chairs and a couch. The room was (and more importantly the bed) were very comfortable.The best deal though is the happy hour, I thought that this would involve two for one but it is all you can drink from 5 - 7.30 pm, this is perfect if you want to party in Chicago, don't get me wrong this is not a big out of control party full of rowdy types but it is great if you want to have a few drinks before hitting the town in an evening versus paying Chicago prices all night.The breakfast in the morning was standard but good.All in all in you take advantage of the hapopy hour and breakfast a good value package.	
Oct 27 2004	A Great Choice	The Embassy Suites at State and Ohio in Chicago was a great choice for us. From the initial welcome by the doorman to the front desk staffer to the maid to the bartenders at the evening cocktail party to the waiters at breakfast, everyone seemed to go out of their way to make us feel welcome as guests. Our suite was on a corner and thus didn't have the usual corridor window - this was a plus for us. The suite looked like it had just been redone and everything was in tip top condition. The area has great restaurants nearby including the Weber Grill just across the street. The three block walk to Michigan gave us a chance to see lots of other shops and restaurants. We had initially considered one of the small botique hotels like the Whitehall or the Tremont, but are very happy that we selected the Embassy Suites for our five night stay. We can't say enough good things about this hotel.	
Sep 21 2004	Great location! Great Staff	We stayed there in early Aug. 2004.The location near the subway was a big plus. Having Starbucks right there was another big plus. The staff was very accommodating, especially when we arrived early and stayed late, they let us check out bags at the desk. Comfy beds.I recommend asking for a room NOT right in front of the elevators-it's VERY noise there. My biggest complaint is that the stairways seemed to be only for emergency use. If I didn't want to wait for an elevator, I was more than happy to use the stairs, but they were locked. When I asked about it at the desk, they just said &quot;oh, sorry, they're locked&quot;.	
Jul 31 2004	Stayed at Better Embassy Suites	We stayed from July 26 - 30 2004. The location is perfect for downtown attractions. Within walking distance to ESPN Zone, Shopping, Navy Pier. The lobby is very nice and the staff is very welcoming. We stayed on the 7th floor on the very end. This was nice because we had 2 different views to look outside. The room itself was very outdated. There is no ventilation in the bathrooms and so your room felt damp and humid at all times. Our clothes were even damp feeling. The bathtub was cracked and chipping. The beds were very comfortable (not cheap mattresses). The managers reception was dissappointing. No beer!! It's held in the middle of the attrium with kids running around. Breakfast was awful. Was there for 4 mornings and never had a hot breakfast. Ate the cooked to order breakfast. Nothing cooked to order about it. Everything was cold. Only thing hot was the coffee. For a $200+ a night hotel. Was not worth it. Have stayed in much better Embassy Suites. Would not go back.	
Jul 25 2004	Hotel in need of updating	I have stayed at this Embassy Suites hotel in the past and I used to think it was a nice place to stay. This time I was traveling with my mother and looking forward to another good experience at Embassy Suites down town. Unfortunately, we were disappointed.The room, especially the plumbing, showed age and was a bit run-down. There was some mildew growth in the shower and at the drain in one of the sinks. The faucets were old and somewhat damaged and in need of replacement. The free breakfast was budget-white-bread and barely appetizing. The room was okay - but nothing special for the price.We paid over $200.00/night. I read somewhere that the hotel was &quot;recently updated&quot;. Having stayed here 6 years ago, I can honestly say this hotel has not been updated. In fact, the hotel has declined and is in need of a makeover. (especially the bathrooms) I will look for a new place to stay next time I travel to Chicago, which is a bummer because I love the location.	
Jul 23 2004	Great location rooms are average	The location is very good, but the hotel is showing its age. The carpeting in the main hallways is nice, but the rooms and furniture are showing wear. To pay over $200/night, you would expect better decor. The pool is tiny.The breakfast was probably the worst of all Embassy suites I have stayed.There is room for improvement !!!!	
Jul 5 2004	"A Good time was had by all"	The Embassy Suites has fulfilled the realtors cry of &quot;Location-Location-Location&quot; We checked in for 3rd and 4th of July, 2004, and had an easy walk down to Grant Park for Taste of Chicago, and later, a short walk to near-by Navy Pier to view the fireworks. We will try to get rooms in winter, as we are seasons subscriber to the Chicago Symphony, and so many other interesting places are also nearby, including North Michigan Avenue, the Art Institute, ETC. You'd have to go to a New York or London to beat this for a week-end get-away. The staff did a nice job, and the price was reasonable, given the good quality. Our college age daughter slept in the adjoining room on a hide-away couch, so if your family is larger than the two of you, it sure beats renting a second room. Highly recommended.	
Jun 28 2004	Generally Good lodging but lots of kids running around	We just completed a six night stay at the Embassy Suites Lakefront in Chicago. And we found what others had mentioned, expect to have a lot of kids running around. Which for us only presented a problem when we attempted to use the swimming pool for lap swimming. Which was unfortunate as that is one reason we made our reservation at that specific location. Kids were unsupervisied and made a game of getting in our way. And there was never a time when we could use the pool without encountering unsupervised children who had been dropped off at the pool by their parents.The morning breakfast was fine. And you could select either the buffet line or go to the otherside of atrium and have your breakfast made to order. Which was done very quickly. Evening drinks and snacks were exactly that, nothing fancy but not bad. Without exception the staff was very solicitious, helpful, and efficient. The rooms were arranged so as to be particularly quiet for sleeping. But remember to close the door to the bedroom.I would not recommend this lodging if a traveler prefers to avoid an over abundance of young children. But for a family with kids, and a location close to Navy Pier, this could be your place.	
Jun 2 2004	Decent hotel		
May 30 2004	loved the made to order breakfast		
Apr 14 2004	Great Value		
Mar 15 2004	Best Value in Town!		
Sep 14 2003	Wonderful Hotel - Loved Our Stay		
Aug 23 2003	Kid/Parent Friendly!!		
Aug 18 2003	Rowdy group destroyed stay		
Aug 10 2003	Downtown Chicago is Awesome		
Jun 11 2003	Great for families		
May 6 2003	My favorite in Chicago		
May 6 2003	??????????????		
