	Good	Staff is very friendly, rooms are nice with great view of Chicago River and close to House of Blues and Harry Caray's Resaurant, as well, not far from Magnificent Mile. Hallways were dark and elevators a bit scary, but overall great hotel. The bar, Crimson, located in the hotel was not great. The bartenders were nice but the waitresses were like talking to a wall.	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice hotel good location great deal!	We stayed 5 nights for $129/night including parking (which is usually $39/day). Room was very nice, bathroom was spacious. Nicely appointed and very comfortable overall. We requested a quiet room and a refrigerator and got exactly that. Hotel staff was friendly and accommodating -- Rich, one of the parking attendants, was kind enough to drive us to a show (we were running late) and then park our rental car. The only complaint is about the morning coffee service in the lobby. First, the coffee wasn't very good (freshly brewed but cheap/slightly sour -- I roast my own beans at home so I may pickier than most). Second, and more importantly, the coffee was not only taken away at 9am (which seems early to me, should be 10am for those who sleep late), but one day I arrived at 8:50am to find it had already been removed. Third, they allow both the coffee and cream/milk to run out. Guests shouldn't have to notify hotel staff when there's no coffee AND no cream. That said, I would stay at the Sax Hotel again in a heartbeat at anywhere near this price. Recommended! P.S. There's an Einstein's Bagel place less than a block away for better coffee (but only slightly), the usual bagels, and yogurt w/granola (for a quick and easy breakfast), etc.	
Nov 3 2009 	A good hotel with a good rate = good times	This is a nice hotel. It is &quot;close&quot; on a lot of categories so if you get a good rate you should chose this as a possibility. Here is what close means. The hotel is close to being very good, close to good neighborhood close to having very good service. Would this be the first choice - close but no. It is a pleasant hotel. the rooms are nice. the neighborhood is 3 blocks from nice. Having House of Blues 20 feet away is close to being quiet. Overall I liked the hotel and paid $160 a night and would stay again at that rate or lower. Because the hotel is not great, not great service, not a great heighborhood, not great sound proofing I would not stay at $200. Hope this helps.	
Oct 27 2009 	Miss the House of Blues...	This was our first time staying at the Hotel Sax since it was converted from the House of Blues. The vibe is very hip and the location is great, but the room was not up to par with the price we paid. There were major chips in the tub, a burned out light bulb in the bathroom (that wasn't changed in our 4-day stay) and when I went to plug in my laptop, the outlet plate fell off in my hand leaving the outlet completely exposed. There are so many great places to stay in Chicago, we won't be back to the Sax.	
Oct 20 2009 	Very nice deal great amenities not cheap but affordable for the quality	The room was VERY modern and trendy. It had a lot of cool decorations, 32&quot; Plasma TV. High quality minibar, although we didn't touch it because it was a fortune! Be careful though because even if you take something off the minibar it automatically charges you for it (it has these cool sensor pads). We got a pretty good deal, I think about 25% off the room because we went in April (not the busy season).Other pros:-Great Location! Within walking distance to all major attractions-Fun &quot;Game room&quot; with Nintendo Wii, X-Box 360, etc-Right next door the the House of Blues! -Staff was very friendly, although I don't think we had a single problem!-Bathroom had very nice robes, a heating lamp to help you dry off faster and everything was very up to dateCons:-It was almost too trendy for me, even though I'm a fairly &quot;hip&quot; 23 year old! :D-Parking wasn't free, but I don't think it ever is around there. I actually somehow ended up in the employee parking section and only had to pay $10 a day!	
Oct 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel for a Great Price	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Sax for 1 night while visiting Chicago...Overall a wonderful experience, a stylish boutique hotel.Pros:*Great price due to the economy*$42 parking was included from a deal on expedia.com*Very nice aesthetics throughout the hotel, lobby, rooms, etc.*Rooms were nice and stylish, comfortable beds. Victorian meets Modern.*Right next to the House of Blues, 10-Pin Bowling and Bin 36*Their own Crimson Lounge is nice, though I'm not big on drinking*Right by Michigan Ave.*Right by Shaws Crabhouse where we had dinner (EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT place to eat)*Interactive entertainment lounge with every current video game system hooked up to LCD/plasma tvs, including a rock band instrument set and BEER available...Cons:*We were given a double room, instead of one with a single bed that I booked (we were tired when we got in so we didn't care... I'm sure this could have been fixed).*No baths in our standard room, just a shower, in case you cared or wanted to relax and have one.*Kind of dim halls, I didn't know if this was meant for ambience or not.*Interactive game room closes too early (though I'm sure my wife wouldn't want us playing video games on our hotel).*Not much else to say honestly.For an average guy like me, this is a very nice hotel, at a great location, at a good price. I will definitely return here in the future, and recommend it to others, especially if you want to catch a show at the House of Blues right next door.	
Oct 11 2009 	Funky decor decent location and free Reese's Pieces in the lobby	Spacious rooms, beautifully decorated, very courteous staff. I would definitely recommend it to a friend. Expensive Parking ($49) . 2 block walk to the subway.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	What a surprise. We stayed here through priceline and loved every minute of it. We have been to many Chicago hotels and this one is in the top 5. The room are nicely decorated. The lobby and hallways are awesome as well. The front desk and guest services employees were very nice when we interacted with them. Nothing bad to say about this place.The building itself is old. Our toilet had running water once or twice and the windows could use some fixing but overall can't complain.We tried Bin 36 and A Mano and both are good places to eat.	
Oct 8 2009 	Funky decor and fab services	The hotel sax was a wonderful treat. I had seen mixed reviews before going, but really enjoyed my stay. Since I was driving, the hotels.com free parking offer tipped the scales for me. I arrived early (10am) and they were able to let me check in early. The location is central. The room has some unusual decor, but the bed was comfy. The free internet was also a nice plus. The gym was small, but offered enough for me. If I have another conference on this side of Chicago, I will definitely return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous Sexy Downtown Chicago Hotel	Everything about this hotel was outstanding. The service was beyond my expectations - the bellman took great care of our car, helped us get taxis, gave directions and even remembered our names during our whole stay. The room, although small was lovely with a window that could be opened and a fabulous bed. The whole hotel was very swanky and sophisticated. We didn't try the bar inside the hotel but there was a great steakhouse just across the parking lot, who served up steak and lobster at 11pm after a Cubs game. We will definitely be back!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Chic and Eclectic	Just visited Chicago and stayed at the Sax Hotel by a friend's referral. I'm from California, so I welcomed the &quot;swanky&quot; feel of this hotel. When you walk into the lobby, it is very modern with lounge music playing and a smell of incense in the background. The staff is very young and chic, they probably hire models for this hotel. LOL One of the floors has a business center with wall size flat panels, laptops and gaming consoles. I thought the gaming consoles were a little strange, I guess they cater to a younger clientele. Nonetheless, very chic and the Chicagoans fit right in to make this an interesting place to network even if it's just to check your email. The rooms have snake skinned chairs, 70's looking beds (that are huge), and a small radio that also looks like it was from the 70's. Turn it on though, and it's a blazing Bose system that will rock your room! Mini Bar has the cutest bottles of Patron Tequila, I thought that was a nice touch....At night, visit the Crimson Lounge downstairs. Great music with lots of nooks to hang out with friends. You need to be dressed pretty hip to mingle in that crowd! Lots of fun, loved it. Across the parking area outside is the house of blues. If you stay at Sax you get to visit for free. You also get to visit the private foundation room at HB, pretty neat place, make sure you book it through the concierge in advance, otherwise, they won't let you in! Just around the corner are some fantastic european style restaurants. Very good and healthy. Walk down the riverwalk and there are great steakhouses and Dick's last resort. I hope you visit, I loved it! Oh and each room has an X-box! I thought that was weird, but I thought I'd mention it.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great stay	We stayed for 3 nights at the Sax and treuly enjoed every minute of it. We received an upgrade to a Junior Suite which was spacious and very trendy designed. 2 huge flat screens, a fabulous movie selection (great when you suffer from jet lag) and a spacious bath room are some of the incredible features of the hotel. The Bar on the ground floor is a hot spot and the games roo on the 6th floor is great idea.Concierge was very knowledgable and helpful.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Hotel and Service - Parking Rate HIGH	Just spent one night at Hotel Sax and had a great experience. The rooms are large, well furnished and chic. The bathroom is very large, well lit and a had great shower head. The fitness center is up to date and had a lot of space in it. Hotel Sax is is a pretty trendy place as it's adjacent to the House of Blues. It's right in the heart of great restaurants, theaters, shopping and other attractions. The service was excellent too.My only complaint was the parking charge ... $49 for overnight! I'd definitely stay there again but will either take public transportation or park down the street at less than half the cost.	
Sep 18 2009 	Unique (think swanky) decor friendly staff	My husband and I checked into Hotel Sax on the Friday night of Labor Day weekend. We had booked the room on Priceline, and check-in was effortless. The dramatic, red lobby set the tone for the hotel--very dim, moody lighting. The assortment of live betta fish inhabiting glass vessels under the front desk were a nice touch, as were the Hot Tamales free for the taking. Upon checking into the room, we loved the decor. Bathrooms might be a little dated (maybe not entirely redone when conversion took place), but are very generously-sized. The guest rooms are also roomy, and the bedding is comfortoble. I loved the chandelier decal on the wall (not to mention the varied wallpaper patterns--some metallic--throughout the hotel). Really, life just feels more glamorous while sitting in a faux snake skin upholstered chaise louge. We had a nice Some might find that sort of thing tacky, but maybe they should lighten up a little. Hehe. Crimson (the hotel bar/lounge) was beautiful--we found a comfy couch on the Sunday night of our stay and the mood was very relaxed, music was just right. We walked into the &quot;Technology Experience&quot; room and it was an interesting idea, but we didn't stay long. Really, I can't think of a single complaint. The view was good, the location was great, and the hotel itself was like any other. One caveat, valet parking is $49 a day.	
Sep 7 2009 	another visit to the Sax...and it didn't dissapoint!	This is our fifth annual visit to Hotel Sax and although I have reviewed it before, I feel compelled to do so again. We booked our trip on travelocity and it was extremely reasonable to fly and stay over Labor day weekend. as always, the concierge, front desk, and the bell men were helpful and friendly. We stayed on the 10th floor in a room with a king bed. The room was clean, spacious and the bed was comfortable. The only complaint is that the bathroom sink was tiny and there was no room to set anything on top of it without it falling in the sink or on the floor. The maid service was slow but i would imagine they were full for the long weekend. we had wine and cheese purchased from Bin36 in our room during two nights of our stay and it was awesome. the people are friendly, helpful, and quick in getting you your order to go. we had never done this before and will definitely do it again next year. the hotel is close to everything and is in a great location. for breakfast, there are many options since room service is expensive (starbucks, einstein bagel accross the street, and the huge mcdonalds down the road). i love the hotel sax!	
Aug 19 2009 	great spot for romantic getaway	My wife and I did our first anniversary in chicago and stayed at Sax. The rooms were very nice, and the location was great. Very close to train that made the rest of the city readily accessible. Also w/in walking distance of lots of cool shops, restaurants, etc. The staff was very helpful with directions and maps for getting around a city we were completely unfamiliar with.	
Aug 17 2009 	Urban classy but iffy reservations even after confirmed	Stayed here for my bachelorette party. Check-in was a bit stressful. We had confirmed reservations for 2 adjoining rooms (because of our large group), but when we got there we were told that room was no longer available. First they said they could get us rooms close to each other, but that wasn't going to work for gift-opening, etc. They eventually upgraded us to a suite, which we all fit in. It was HUGE and very clean with great views of the city. When we checked-in others around us were having trouble with their reservations from 3rd party discount sites (ours were made directly with the hotel). The hotel had given their rooms away too, and for some people, they weren't able to accomodate them. So, even if you have a confirmed reservation, I'd still recommend a back-up maybe or not take the chance, even though the hotel overall is amazing. :0Crimson Lounge near the lobby was fun to start off the night. Dim lighting, sexy, upscale but not stuffy, great drinks and friendly bartenders. Hotel is close to everything. We walked to all of our dinner and party locations.	
Aug 15 2009 	Not worth the price	The best thing about this hotel was the view. When we arrived it took about 15 minutes to get a valet to even recognize us and give us a ticket for the car. The room was ready early and they let us check in about an hour before the standard check in time. Our room was disappointing, except for the view. The headboard was practically falling off the wall, and the nightstand was actually leaning against the wall, not attached to anything. All the staff we came in contact with after the valet were more than helpful and accommodating, especially the bellhop.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location Great room	Stayed three nights at the Sax and everything was better than expected. Room was big, clean and modern. The bathroom was huge, a big plus for my wife. Elevators were fast, staff was exceptionally helpful, just a very pleasant stay. The location could not have been better, close to Michigan Ave., within walking distance of great bars and restaurants. Really can not figure out why this Hotel is rated this low. Need to check your statement on departure had some problems, but hotel made adjustments. Other reviewers had this problem too. Again, I would stay on next visit to Chicago and cannot understand why hotel is rated so low.	
Aug 8 2009 	Be careful about checkout charges	We purchased our room for 2 nights through Priceline. We had printed our confirmation and brought it with us. Our last night we got the bill from the hotel under the door for about $300 for &quot;promotional room rate&quot; We questioned this charge and were told that we had only purchased one night through priceline. I had called our credit card and we indeed had purchased 2 nights. We took our print out of confirmation for the 2 nights we already paid to the front desk and the initially removed the charge. HOWEVER, when I received our credit card bill about 2 weeks later, there was a charge of $190 (besides the $80 charge for housing our car for 2 nights) I called to talk to the manager and she said that &quot;they investigated it and we had only purchased 1 night,&quot; so they charged us after we left on our credit card for $190. I said oh no, we had purchased 2 nights and showed the front desk clerk our receipt. She asked for the confirmation email to prove this (from priceline) Long story short, it took me awhile to convince this manager that we had paid for 2 nights through priceline. She made me feel like we were trying to fraud the hotel. We originally had a good experience with the hotel, but ended up on a VERY sour note.And through all this the manager never offered anything for the headache she put us through.	
Aug 3 2009 	GREAT SERVICE GREAT DEAL Fabulous place to stay!	I was nervous after booking b/c of the mixed reviews I had read, but the location was perfect and they had an INCREDIBLE package deal... &quot;the Windy City package&quot;. For $203 a night, we stayed in a superior king room, a $50 gift certificate to any of the hotel restaurants, PLUS valet parking ($42 per day) was included. Couldn't beat that price.(We stayed Thursday through Saturday night... the deal isn't weekend exclusive like some!) Book through the hotel site for the deal (I think it's offered through Dec 2009). It's not available throught the &quot;bargain bookers' sites&quot;.  The lobby of Hotel Sax was beautiful. All of the hotel staff members were incredibly helpful, kind, and considerate. I had read complaints in some reviews about the dark hallways...they aren't neon if that's the issue. The wallpaper is a patterned silver and has a nice reflective quality... yes the wood is dark, but I never had problems seeing.The superior king room was plenty big with comfy beds &amp; clean and ample bathrooms.Of course the mini bars are expensive, as some have complained. Stop at the 7 eleven down the street and grab snacks. We're not room service people either (really, who is in Chicago???)...too much to see and do. The shower is a small tub (about half of the conventional size tub. If you are looking to soak, then you probably won't be happy. Absolutely NO complaints here. The room was exactly as it appeared on the hotel website. The hotel was quiet, even with the clubs downstairs. We were on the 11th floor and couldn't hear any of the noise. We had a great meal at Harry Caray's and lunch at Bin36 on the hotel. The hummus at Bin was great... but the service was slow. We went right at opening for lunch though. The Crimson Room seems like a hopping place, but my husband and I aren't into the club scene. We found the hotel to be convenient to walk almost everywhere. It doesn't have that &quot;chain hotel feel&quot;, and that's what we loved about it. No coffee maker in the room, but they serve Intelligentia coffee in the lobby in the morning, and it was excellent. Loved Hotel Sax!! *** Architectural Boat Tour our of Ogden Slip was great, as well as the night shoreline cruise for viewing the fireworks at Navy Pier on Saturday night (summer). If you love Chicago style pizza, check out Giordanno's... also recomment Portillo's on Ohio for great sandwiches..	
Aug 3 2009 	Great Young Vibe	The staff was really kind, room was clean, but might be too &quot;youthful&quot; for older guests. We arrived on a Thursday night and the lobby bar was &quot;bumpin&quot; like a club, which didn't bode well for our long journey. Whoever designed their renovation must have been fresh out of school because it was too many trends thrown in at once. Snake-skinned high-back chair with mirrored nightstand? Ouch! Not much counterspace in the bathroom though.We got a good promo at the time for $119 w/ free parking. Great location, but might want to stay at another more subdued place next time.	
Jul 15 2009 	We loved our first visit	We made our first trip to Chicago for our 12th anniversary. After studying and agonizing over all the hotel choices online - I booked us at Hotel Sax through Expedia. We got good enough rates. The hotel was all we needed - good location, close to public transportation, nice friendly helpful staff, our room was CLEAN, the decor somewhat eclectic - but if you want the same old hotel - stay at one of the major chains. We thoroughly enjoyed our 4 day trip! Nice comfy robes, good quick room service - FANTASTIC shower, nice toiletries.	
Jul 14 2009 	Didn't get reserved room type and room dirty!	We booked this hotel through hotels.com and prepaid for a Superior King room. When we checked in and got to our room, the room was small and the bed looked like full size. I called the front desk takled to the manager. She said that unfortunately when you book through a third party vendor such as Expedia or Hotels.com, they cannot guarantee the room type and that they were sold out for the night. I asked if we could get a discount and she said no. I indicated that our view was a view of the parking garage and she said that most all rooms have a view of the parking garage.The hotel room was small and when I walked around barefoot, someone's hair pin stuck to the bottom of my foot along with hair. The bathroom just had a shower stall, no bathtub. The halls were super dark and gloomy. There are no vending amenities at the hotel to buy bottled water, soda etc. I do not recommend this hotel and will be staying somewhere else for our next trip to Chicago!	
Jul 14 2009 	No longer worth it!	My husband and I spend a few weekends a year in Chicago and loved this hotel when it was the House of Blues. After our stay this weekend, we were very disappointed. We reserved a king room and were given an incredibly small, dark room with a queen bed. When we spoke to guest services to change to a room that met the reservation expectations, we were not treated very well. They were not willing/able to honor what we booked and did not seem to think it was a problem. The room lighting was so dim, I was not able to see to apply make up once the sun had set. The wall behind the bed had a section that was falling off and the overall look was pretty shabby. This was not at all what we had experienced during previous visits to the House of Blues. Friends of ours stayed in a hotel nearby. They had a fabulous room (spacious and well-lit too!) and were treated very well. While we look forward to our next wonderful visit to the Windy City, we won't make the mistake of booking a room here again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Cool hip comfortable	Loved this hotel. Small enough for a boutique feel but large enough to provide some of those amenities that are nice to have from the big hotels, such as wireless internet (free), gym, room service, etc. The hotel decor was really cool and hip and personally, I really appreciated the change from sterility from other hotels. Not everyone may like it, but I found it to be a welcome change. Room was clean and well kept, with a big flat screen tv, nice alarm clock/radio that you can plug your iPod into (with an adapter cable), and a nice big bathroom. Had a great view of the Chicago River. Only downsides were the lack of a coffee maker in the room (although they had free coffee in the lobby in the morning), and there wasn't much in the way of being able to store your clothes and travel items. The in-room bar seemed a bit overprioritized and over-priced and may have come a bit at the expense of being able to offer a bureau to store clothes, but it was a minor thing. Bed nice and comfy with really soft sheets. Free wireless internet was a nice touch and made me feel like I wasn't being competely nickel and dimed. Location could hardly be beat. Warning: at night the place is hopping so be prepared for that and consider staying elsewhere if this might bother you.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great hotelamazing bar!	Great hotel, great location. Rooms are very modern and funky. The best thing about the hotel though is the bar! Nicest bar I have ever seen! Well worth a visit. Location is just a short walk from Michigan Ave, close to river cruises. I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jul 9 2009 	Dark Smelled Like Rot Personal Items Stolen	Decor on the rock-star side of things - interesting to look at but not to live with for 3 days. The hallways were too dark to navigate with anything more than your room key - not the case when you're there on business. The bed was comfy. The shower did not drain well; not unusual. The hallways smell in the mornings of stagnant water - which didn't help our enjoyment of breakfast in the hotel restaurant. And the stolen items - that's where 'value' and 'service' take the downgraded rating.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Location	Good standard of Hotel, right on the river walk in the centre of Chicago. Rooms were adequate size and clean. view from room was ok,large windows allow a lot of light in and made the room very airy. Staff V helpfull. Would recommend as prices were good also. Dont eat in the restaraunt it was very over priced and the standard of food awful!	
Jul 6 2009 	Chic Trendy Sophisticated ... Not so Clean	The Hotel Sax is exceptionally located in the River North area of downtown Chicago, ideal for concertgoers of the House of Blues Chicago, and within easy walking distance from Michigan Avenue shopping, many restaurants, and activities within The Loop. Our room had divine views of the Chicago River. The hotel lobby and bar are luxuriously decorated in a sophisticated yet modern vintage decor, appealing to the eye. We loved the decor of our room, too -- very different from standard hotel decor, trendy and fun. Unfortunately, the service was substandard. We only stayed one evening and we know Chicago fairly well, so this was not a problem for us; however, we experience much better service in other hotels in the area. The bathroom needed a more thorough cleaning, and there was crud stuck to the wallpaper. These aren't major inconveniences, but certainly soured our experienced for what was reported to be a five-star hotel. I recommend staying at a discount -- we found our room for half the normal rate -- or looking elsewhere in the area. If you like cozy and comfy with coffee in the morning, this is not the hotel for you. If you're edgy and require little by way of service, check it out. Overall, it's a cool hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Location Trying to Please	This is an older hotel which has been recently renovated in a funky style. Relatively small rooms and bathrooms, but nicely done. Good toiletries.Pros:Location in Marina City, close to River North resto's. Great concierge (Catherine) and door-staff. Housekeeping delivered an extra pillow 5 minutes after requested. Coffee/tea in lobby on weekday mornings. Comfy linens and bathrobes. Flat-screen TV. Technology lounge with X-Box, Wii, Guitar hero. 3 computers in the lobby for free.Good deals (incl. parking) on Travelzoo. Entire staff is super helpful, friendly, very knowledgeable--if they didn't know an answer, they'd check it on the internet for us. Free wireless in rooms.Cons:Small rooms. No coffee/tea maker in rooms. No coffee/tea in lobby on weekends. Bathroom had no room for personal washkits/cosmetics. Dresser top full of for-purchase drinks &amp; snacks, leaving little room for personal storage. No makeup mirror. View of the parking deck at Marina City. Dark, dark hallways (may be this is hip?) Our room key was shut off at 3pm, a day before our scheduled departure. Our &quot;free parking&quot; showed up on our bill at $42/day. Overall: would stay there again if I got a great rate, parking included. Otherwise, I'd head to the Amalfi for larger rooms, free continental breakfast.	
Jun 24 2009 	Lovely and Unique!	Got a great rate through Expedia. The hotel was very lovely and unique compared to other similar options in the area. Nice robes and toiletries in the room, gorgeous wallpaper in the halls and room, comfortable bed and linens. Not sure what vibes they are trying to send, but it reminded us of Disney's Tower of Terror ride - in a good way (long halls with faux candle lights, picture of woman w/skull in elevator, etc). I will definately stay at the Hotel Sax again!	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent....!	This was our second trip to Chicago and we chose Hotel Sax after reading reviews on tripadvisor.It's near the river and there's lots of restaurants and bars in the local area. All of the main attractions and things to do are within reasonable walking distance. It's not cheap but we booked through hotels.co.uk which meant we got a good deal so it was more reasonable. The bar at the hotel - The Crimson Lounge - is really classy and livens up later in the night.The restaurant does a really good brekkie in a relaxed atmosphere, and the evening menu looked nice, although we didn't get to try it out. It's an eclectic type hotel with quite dramatic decor - rooms are lovely and it's really quiet so you can get a good lie in ! We got a room upgrade and the room had a nice view of the river, was spacious and had a well appointed bathroom. The mini bar was expensive though !The staff at the hotel were very accommodating - both before we arrived and whilst we were there - making reservations and recommendations. They arranged an airport transfer for us too.I would certainly recommend this hotel for a leisurely stay in the fab city of Chicago !	
Jun 14 2009 	Funky Hotel - Great Location	We were in Chicago for three nights to visit our son who was moving into his first apartment in the city. We picked the Hotel Sax because of the proximity to our son’s apartment, but turns out to be a great location in the city for many reasons (restaurants, shopping, historical sites, etc.). Our room was a Deluxe King overlooking the “corn cob” building and the river. Loved the funky décor of the room. Bed was very comfortable, nice linens. The bathroom was also well decorated…modern, cool chic. Overall, very nice room – clean, comfortable and updated. We are not the types to stay up late (we used to be!!) but if you want entertainment there is plenty right in the complex with the hotel (Crimson Lounge, House of Blues, Bin36, even Dick’s Last Resort). Given our sons new address in Chicago, we will be returning!	
May 26 2009 	Great Hotel but bring your own quality Toilet Paper!	I decided to play the Priceline.com Hotel Roulette game and landed Hotel Sax for a three night stay. I was a little nervous since I've never heard of the place. But when I arrived from Midway airport via the Orange Line, I was happy to find the place was clean, classy, and a great location. It's about a two block walk from any color Rail line you want. However parking rates are insane! $42 a night? Give me a break. Does that insane rate come with a full Wash and Hand wax? I would recommend not renting a car and using the CTA Trains. As for the staff, They were great. I kindly asked them for a River View and they gave me a great room! No room has the &quot;Perfect View&quot; but the staff upgraded me without a charge! In the room, Loved the bed, the bathroom, and the HD Television with a big selection of channels. On the down side, The Maid forgot to put toilet paper in my room one night and didn't replace the glass cups I used. Rip off warning!!! The mini bar prices are crazy. On top of that, they add 10.5% Chicago ultra high sales tax! Hotel Sax, Just make it a flat rate for us poor tourist! My other picky issue .... Hotel Sax needs to offer better quality Toilet Paper of all things! Yes Picky but for a upscale hotel, The Toilet Paper in the room reminded me of a public Restroom. Just bring Northern T.P. from home and your all set! (grin)	
May 6 2009 	Weird vibes!!!	This hotel gave us weird vibes. I like cutting edge, modern hotels but this one was just a little strange. Our room was decorated like a pied-a-terre owned by Liberace: Crazy wallpaper and furniture, and an ink blot chandelier painted on the wallpaper. Very strange. The staff cleaned it well and the bed was comfortable. Internet was free which was very nice, but the check in people knew little: they had a hard time giving us directions and telling us anything about Chicago. Additionally, the &quot;workout facilities&quot; (if you could call them that) were little more than a storage room in the basement of the hotel with 2 treadmills and 2 elliptical trainers. Very lame!The location is very good: right next to house of blues, Marina City, Magnificent mile, you name it! Being centrally located was great. But overall, we enjoyed the more classic, comfortable Intercontinental more. Overall this hotel is ok. It may be the perfect place for you if you enjoy trendy modern stuff. There is also one of the hottest hotel bars in Chicago attached to it. Although this bar gave us weird vibes too as it is a mix of young girls being hit on by sketchy older male hotel guests. Also beware, hotel can be loud as the walls are thin and this bar is loud. We had several bar patrons staying in rooms on our floor and they kept us up almost all night long!	
May 4 2009 	Bed Bugs!!!	I stayed end of April for the first time @ Hotel Sax. Got a good rate but &quot;paid&quot; in the long run!! Hotel looks fabulous upon arrival but you will regret your stay the very next morning after itching all the way home. Room was not clean and I had bites all over. Management was unresponsive to my email explaining my dilemma. I travel to Chicago for business about 5-6 times per month and will NOT ever stay here again. Stay at your own risk but pack some bug spray.	
Apr 30 2009 	Definitely NOT worth it. Stay somewhere else.	Here is an absolutely unbiased review: I was there for a National meeting, and stayed here even though the meeting was at McCormick place. I stayed in room 1014. It is really dark and depressing in the room, and musty and dirty as well. The bed was way too short for me (i'm 5'11...not a giant), and when you sleep on the bed the bottom sheet comes undone immediately and isn't really fitted, and the comforter is cheap, not a nice down one. There's some dirty, cheap, leather pillows on the bed. The room is not well lit, uncomfortable, and the bathroom is cold and not clean. An old pack of Rolaids was stuck in the corner of the room (if the hotel reads these: CLEAN THESE UP!). It was a total of $300 a night... so overall, it was terrible. There are many, many better hotels that are actually much cheaper. Don't stay here, pick somewhere else. I spend much less in a Westin ---I left to stay here I was so sick of the SAX, and even though I don't think Westin's are that great, it was at least comfortable, with decent beds and shower. The SAX was cheap, dirty, cold, and overpriced.	
Apr 9 2009 	Good Times At The SAX!!!	We booked the Hotel Sax primarily because of the positive reviews on this site. Check-in was prompt, efficient, etc., rooms fairly spacious and clean. Only complaint would be a lack of storage - the hotel's website claims that a double double room sleeps 4 comfortably which is true but if they got rid of the outrageously overpriced mini-bar ( we did'nt indulge!! ) this would create more room. Only other issue of note was noise from a party in the room next to ours at 3.00am!!! which, when we rang reception to inform them of same, resulted in no action being taken as the noise continued for a number of hours. In fairness to the hotel they compensated us adequetly when we mentioned it the following morning. We had our 2 daughters with us ( 11 and 8 ) so could'nt make use of The CRIMSON LOUNGE but it looked like a food place to go. On an extremely positive note, my daughter's teddy bear was accidently caught up in the sheets and disappeared off to the laundry company, and after quite a number of phone calls both were reunited after approx 36 stresssful hours!!!! Hats off to all in housekeeping, front desk and even the bell boys for a great job. Checked out the STUDIO and it was a popular place to hang out. BIN 36 is also good for breakfast, evening drinks etc., We engaged the services of Katherine, the concierege who got us a 50% discount in tickets for the BULLS at the United Centre so all in all, we would use the hotel again. 3 internet ports in the lobby proved very useful also.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great sax!	The Sax was just perfect for us. We got a fantastic deal through travelzoo for $109 which included free parking and two drinks at the bar.Checked in early and requested a Chicago River view, which was awesome, we got to watch the river turn green from the comfort of our room!The staff across the board could not have been more helpful. Our room, while not huge was comfortable, clean and well appointed.It was so great to walk next door at night and catch a show at The House of Blues too!The hotel bar was swank, comfortable and the staff was wonderful.	
Mar 8 2009 	Loved my room	I LOVED the Hotel Sax! I stayed here for 3 nights for a business trip, and spent most of it in the hotel because of my meetings and the bad weather outside. My 14th floor room was large with a nice view of the Chicago River. It had a very comfortable beds, fluffy towels, nice bathrobes, and great toiletries. It was silent in my room -- I couldn't hear people in the hallways, the TV next door, or the traffic outside. And despite being on the 14th floor the elevators came very quickly. Good wireless connections, and free Internet access with printers in the lobby so you can print out boarding passes and the like.One minor complaint - The room is lit by about 6 lamps, so to get the lighting level I wanted I had to walk around the room and turn them all on.My only complaint about value is the fees tacked onto the room service bill -- I order a $9 salad and $11 pizza, and got a $36 bill. They also have the snacks and mini-bar drinks on some sort of touch-sensitive tray so that they know when you touch them, which is a bit much.	
Feb 23 2009 	we'll be back	everything was fantastic here. rooms were beautiful. beds were very comfy. shower was great. view was great. location was great. price was great. Highly recommended! the only thing they need are vending machines. it's hard to find a coke for a reasonable price (under $3)	
Feb 14 2009 	Funky but worth it.	I usually stay at the Palmer House or Drake when I am in Chicago, but opted for this little gem because they had a special of $109. with free parking which in Chicago is worth $40 a day.Check-in was a breeze, front desk staff and and everyone I came in contact with was super. Room was a little small (1526) but nicely furnished; large plasma TV on wall very nice. Quiet area, good dinner choices within a block. Easy CTA (bus) service into the loop.They also gave me two drink coupons which I used in the Crimson Lounge which is a large nicely furnished bar area. Free internet terminals are available in the lobby.Workout room was okay, three treadmills, three elipticals and some free weights. Two televisions mounted on the wall, no headphone jacks. I was the only one working out so it wasn't an issue.Definitely somewhere I would consider again. For weekend visitors parking on the street is free after 6 p.m. on Saturday all day Sunday until 8:00 a.m. Monday. I had no trouble finding street parking if you don't get free parking in your rate.Cheers.Marius	
Dec 3 2008	Great little Gem with a GREAT location!	Booked our room via Priceline and was overall a great experience/choice. Can not say enough about the location - close walking all River North, Michigan Ave, Loop. Great decor - a little unual and modern. Very comfy bed, with robes, slippers and a VERY expensive mini bar!Since we booked via Priceline, I knew that we get a room for 2, usually a King. So, I emailed the hotel and received a wonderful response stating that our reservation had been changed to a double to accomodate our 4 year old. Well - that didn't happen! The gal at the counter was pretty much - take it or leave it, we're sold out!Liked 10-pin next door, and found cheap (for chicago standards) parking at the Sterling Lot 1 block away. The lounge in the hotel, Crimson, was pretty swank and crowded after 10:00. Nice and not overly priced.Overall, I give it 4 stars, as there are way better hotels in Chicago that get 5! I would definitely stay here again! Overall great stay.	
Dec 1 2008 	Very Enjoyable	My husband and I booked 2 nights at this hotel through Hotwire for our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised. The customer service was friendly and helpful from the beginning. When we first walked into our room with queen bed, I truly loved the decor (online pics don't do it justice), but was disappointed that there was only a shower stall with no bathtub - I am 6 months pregnant and was completely in need of a good soak! My husband called the front desk and requested an upgrade - they moved us into a larger room with bathtub, king bed, and even a better view - all at no extra charge.We had a couple of maintenance requests during our stay and the staff continued to be friendly and helpful, resolving all issues within a matter of minutes. Valet service was also great although a bit expensive (but it's the only 24-hr parking nearby that allows unlimited in-and-out privileges in case you do need to drive somewhere).The Microsoft Room (game room) was a great bonus - my husband loved it! Also, the little extras in the room were a nice added touch (i.e. bathrobes, safe, plush bed/pillows) My only recommendation is to read the hotel guide as soon as you enter your room to know what additional charges you may incur during your visit - from things like making local phone calls to consuming the tempting snacks on the desk/bar area. Also, call around for reservations for area restaurants, since many do not take walk-ins.Overall this was a great hotel that we would definitely visit again.	
Nov 24 2008 	Great hotel!	Booked this hotel via priceline for $130 per night. Overall, it was a great experience. Location is great -- hotel is located next door to Harry Carry's and the House of Blues. Many other restaurants and shops are within several blocks. Positives: Unique Decor -- not your typical cookie-cutter hotel; Quiet sleeping rooms; flat screen televisions; nice bedding &amp; ambience; extremely helpful staff -- bellhops &amp; concierge were great!Negatives: Very limited room service menu; It would have been nice for the basic mini bar items to be available at a lower cost (i.e. $8 bottled water; $5 cans of soda).We would definitely consider staying here again on our next trip to Chicago!	
Oct 26 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	The hotel was very accommodating for my business trip to Chicago. The service and hotel amenities were great. The staff were very helpful with accessing outside restaurants and directions. The room was very comfortable and bathroom's were huge. The hotel workout room was great.	
Oct 12 2008	Speak up!	We stayed at this location in 2006 when it was The House of Blues. We liked the area so decided to book a King room at the recently renovated Hotel Sax. We requested early check-in &amp; got a room right away. We were told that only a Queen room was available. When we got to the room on the 6th floor we were extremely disappointed...the bathroom was so tiny that the sink was in the bedroom area &amp; that area was also very small. I called the desk to complain &amp; the receptionist said &quot;you booked through Expedia&quot; then said she could give us a room with 2 double beds...I immediately said yes since we wanted out of that tiny room. The 2nd room was much bigger &amp; had a nice flat-screen TV. I had requested a fridge &amp; asked if there was a coffee maker in the room &amp; was told no, but they would send one up. She also mentioned a microwave &amp; I asked what the charges would be. She said there was no charge &amp; sent the items up. There were floor to ceiling windows that opened. The view was of the unique condo/parking towers &amp; The House of Blues which is very busy every night of the week, but being on the 11th floor the noise was minimal.They provide in-room safe, iron/board, bathrobes, mini bar, nice toiletries &amp; power rain shower that feels like a massage. The Crimson Lounge on the main floor is very popular, lively &amp; quite expensive. Bin 36 is right next door as well as 10 Pin Bowling Alley &amp; Lounge. Harry Caray's Bar &amp; Restaurant is nearby. Boat tours are also close by. We took the River Tour on Chicago's First Lady which has volunteers from the Chicago Architecture Foundation who are extremely knowledgeable.Hints: Go to Shaw's Crab House, 21 E. Hubbard St. for half price oysters 4 to 6 pm. Check out the free days for the Shedd Aquarium. Lincoln Park Zoo is always free. Take the #22 bus at the stop just around the corner from the hotel. There is also a free shuttle to Navy Pier...great burgers at Charlie's Ale House!	
Sep 3 2008 	Love this place	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Sax and we had a great experience. We got a fantastic steal on it through Priceline and we were worried at first after reading the mixed reviews here. Yes, its not your typical boringly decorated hotel...its fun and hip. I thought the room itself was beautifully designed and the entire hotel has a cool vibe to it. The Microsoft studio was a lot of fun and completely different than any other hotel lounge. In addition, I loved having the free use of computers in the lobby, as well as in the Studio to check maps and restaurant menus. The concierge was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. She recommended a restaurant about 2 blocks away - Vermilion - that was amazing. We would have never chose this restaurant on our own, but it was probably one of the best meals we've ever had. Oh, and the blueberry ricotta pancakes at Bin 36 in the hotel are totally worth the price!! This is a great place to stay in downtown Chicago--close to everything and completely safe.	
Aug 26 2008 	Hotel Sax - Funky 	I stayed at the Hotel Sax from August 14th - 17t h and enjoyed my stay very much. I had stayed here 3 years prior when it was the House of Blues and appreciated the redecorated rooms. I felt like i was staying in a gingerbread house when it was the House of Blues. Check in was super quick and friendly. Benjamin was the bellman who brought our bags to the room and he was not only friendly but was quite knowledgeable about the happenings in Chicago that weekend.In the lobby, they had a small table set up with a water pitcher for a refreshing glass of lemon water one day and cucumber infused water the next. Nice touch. All in all, we enjoyed our stay very much and would stay here again.	
Aug 22 2008 	Hotel Sax was okay	My husband and I stayed at the hotel sax for 2 nights in August. I have mixed opinions about the hotel. While we were kind of neutral about our experience (and wouldn't stay there again), I can understand why others would love it. The hotel is very trendy and chic. We stayed in the deluxe king room. The goods: The bed and pillows are super comfortable. Prob the best I’ve ever had in a hotel. The staff was very friendly. Both check in and check out was seamless. The rooms were really clean. The hotel has a really cool &amp; young atmosphere. It’s in a great location. It’s only a block away from the downtown nightlife, and if you’re planning on a trip to the house of blues, it’s pretty much in the same parking lot. It’s a little further from Navy Pier and such than other hotels are, but it is walkable (we walked it) and/or taxis are cheap. Great flat screen tv.The negatives: The rooms were small and dark compared to what I’ve stayed in before. There was zero counter space (or hair dryer) in the bathroom. The ‘atmosphere’ wasn’t really our style. It kind of has the atmosphere of a ‘party’ hotel in that there’s a pretty well rounded bar in the room, the ‘Studio’ - which is like a high tech game room, Crimson Lounge is downstairs (a very popular club), the House of Blues is across the street, etc. There was nothing wrong with this, but, for example -it wouldn’t be a place I would ask my parents to stay. Our telephone wasn’t working and the a/c started clicking really bad for awhile. They missed our wakeup call but called and apologized. The walls are a little thin and we could sometimes hear the tv in the room next to us. Besides the hotel, cool things to do in Chicago: of course go to navy pier and stay for the fireworks. Take one of the boat tours. We took the sail boat one. Looking back, probably would have done the more traditional ones. The zoo is only so-so but good for kids. Look for the hot tix location to get discounted theatre tickets. The staff pretty much know what’s showing at every theatre in town. We saw ‘Alice’ at the looking glass theatre. It was fantastic and great for kids and adults. The green mill was a really cool jazz bar with a lot of history (I guess it was Al Capone’s old hub). Don’t go there if you want to drink and party though. They ask people not to speak while people are playing. Wrigley field was AWESOME. Andy’s Jazz Club was tons of fun and there’s other bars in its proximity (that was our one night of staying up too late and drinking too much). Overall, I would definitely go back to Chicago. I feel there’s a lot we didn’t get to do.	
Aug 21 2008	Fabulous Sax	Swank, sophisticated, and grown up... They really did a great job remodeling the former House of Blues Hotel. Flat screen TVs in the rooms were impressive but what we really enjoyed was the Crimson Lounge. We had such a great time relaxing at the bar while listening to some fabulous music! What sold us on booking this hotel was their really cool virtual tour.url=http://www.hotelsaxchicago.com/]The Hotel Sax[/url]	
Aug 17 2008 	Fell Short of Potential	A beautiful building in the perfect location for convenient nightlife fun. Unfortunately, service and exeuction by the staff was greatly lacking. Requests (generally to fix something which was not initially right) were repeatedly dropped. They were great at apologizing, but not at recifying (or obviously preventing) issues.The Microsoft Enhanced Technology rooms are a cool idea...but they did not deliver (or even have) any of the requested and promised games or music...and their own laptops would not connect to the Internet! Not a good testimonial to either Microsoft or Hotel Sax!So close to a great spot...yet so far from delivering!We will definitely try another hotel during our next stay in this great city.	
Aug 15 2008 	Good hotel in great location	The Hotel Sax is hip, with great, slightly gothic (I kept thinking Interview the the Vampire meets upscale bordello meets a display of Grandma's crystal) decor and a helpful staff. The rooms are small but functional. The blackout curtains, comfortable bed and flat-screen TV were appreciated. The hotel has one of the nicest mini-bar setups we've seen for this level of hotel: martini shaker, glasses and all the trimmings (for a fee, of course); champagne and cocktail glasses; good selection of liquor and bottled water, along with candy and the usual snacks.Particularly for the price we got with Priceline, we'd certainly stay here again. The hotel is within walking distance of Michigan Avenue and the Chicago River. The valet staff was especially friendly and helpful.	
Aug 13 2008 	Loved the lounge downstairs...	Stayed there for 7 nights on business travel. Initially did not get the room I had asked for (king size bed) but this was changed relatively quickly. Very nice located and for those liking Blues, this hotel is located some 10 meters from &quot;House of Blues&quot; only. 4th floor conference facilities are a must to see - especially the big screen they have installed. Crimson Lounge - live music every day and good dj starting 10pm. Looks like this is currently one of the places to go in Chicago nightlife :-)	
Aug 12 2008 	Hotel SAX Chicago the BEST place to stay in The Windy City!!	My husband and I visit Chicago at least 1-2 times a year to visit his family. Though we have stayed at many hotels downtown, Hotel Sax is by far our favorite. First and foremost, the location within the city is ideal. Located on N Dearborn, it is walking distance from Navy Pier, Magnificent Mile, etc. House of Blues is Hotel Sax Chicago's neighbor, so time your stay according to their schedule and you'll only have to walk across the parking lot.Located inside Hotel Sax is Bin36- a FABULOUS wine cafe with great wine, cheese flights, and other fare that can be paired with the perfect wine to suit your taste. Crimson Lounge is a new chicago nighttime hotspot that even has it's own &quot;signature scent&quot;. Well known Dj's frequent here and other musical guests perform. There drink list is out of this world and though we didn't have time to order from the menu- it sounds to die for.Another location inside of adjacent to Hotel Sax is 10pin Bowling Lounge. Think martini's and fingerfoods instead of beer and pizza (though they have that too).OUR ROOM.Room#1119. Amazing. We didn't want to leave! 2 flat panel TV's mounted to the wall that consists of varying patterns- very modern eclectic. The sitting area was large enough to accomodate a small get together, though it was only my husband and I... A spacious desk with free WIFI and informative city guides and the best room service menu I've ever seen!The back wall was made up of a window that , when opened, provided a view of the city. Breathtaking.The bathroom was incredible! Large enough for a family, spacious enough for the two of us. A double vanity with products specially made for Hotel Sax. A stand up shower.. again, big enough for 2..with ideal water pressure. There was also a large tub with jets, oversized towels and perfect water temperature.My stylish husband even said that he would like to make our bathroom at home look like it with the beautiful vanity with black marble top , the black and white tiled floor, the textured wallpaper, and the beautiful curtains (can we include the view of the Chicago too?)PARKING.Close, accessible, easy....pricy. $43/night. Parking anywhere in Chicago is not cheap. Usually we park a few blocks away, but your car is usually not accessible 24/7... and who wants to drag their luggage through the city? We used the valet for parking and paid the $43/night to park and just griped to each other about it, lol. We liked knowing our car was right there and that we could get to it whenever we needed it. What can you do? It's Chicago.Complaints?Not really.. Location: Perfect. Room: Perfect. Staff: Perfect. Style: Perfect. Ammenities: Perfect (what happened to Crunch Fitness Center though???- I didn't get a workout in during our stay:( )If I had to muster up ONE complaint.. it might be the pillows. Not the best, but my husband sells mattresses and pillows- so I may be a little spoiled. The bed was comfortable, but the pillows were a little flat- but if that is the only complaint, then all in all, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Hotel Sax Chicago. You won't find a hotel that provides what Hotel Sax does. Hotel Sax, in my opinion, is by far the BEST place to stay when visiting &quot;the Windy City&quot;.	
Aug 10 2008	Average To Below Average	Stayed at Hotel Sax for 3 nights in August. The hotel almost tries to hard to be something that it isn't! Room service terrible. I had to follow up twice and on arrival food was very cold and not edible. Contacted service to request a replacement - never arrived!Room is very small and a bit tired. In room reading material mentions minibar. I thought I was going insane so I phoned customer support to be advised there was no minibar in my room. Why advise in reading material of the mini bar then????I did not think the staff were overly helpful either. Plus side is location is excellent for sightseeing.	
Aug 5 2008 	Treat Yourself to Luxury- Book a Stay at the Hotel Sax	I believe the Hotel Sax is my favorite hotel in downtown Chicago. I have stayed many places in the area but the Hotel Sax offers an extraordinary experience. From the time I pulled into the driveway, I was wowed by the level of professionalism and warmth from the staff. I knew the staff by name and they treated me like I was welcomed and my needs were a priority. Charles, the valet was more than courteous and helpful. Our housekeeper, Tonisha made us feel at home and took care of our personal items with great care, in additon to leaving the room spotless and well stocked. We had the pleasure of having a few drinks in the Crimson Lounge and met Brad and Matthew, the host and bartender. Our room was beautifully decorated and the bathroom was huge. The shower head and water pressure was fantastic!The extra two bonuses to staying at the Hotel Sax is the parking and the House of Blues. I paid ONLY $42.00 with in and outs for my entire extended stay! This is simply unherad of in downtown Chicago. The House of Blues is literally 20 steps from the Hotel Sax. Check out their website www.hob.com to see scheduled events. I will be a returning guest whenever I'm in Chicago.	
Jul 26 2008 	half good half bad	I stayed here 2 nights in May. The Bad half: I had arrived early and let them know I was there, check in was 3:00 and so I joined my party who had their rooms. I waited until 3:40 to go up to the front desk and was told my room was not ready and they would call housekeeping to get an update. In the meantime, she started to handle another guest while I stood there so I sat down on their couches and at 4:00 was motioned up to the desk. Now it was ready, they apologized and asked IF I would like a complimentary breakfast. I was still in a good mood, said it wasn't a big deal and said that's okay, turning it down. As I walked away I thought why didn't they just give it to me, why do they ask me if I want a freebeie? What they are doing is telling me they don't want to give away anything unless I am cheap enough to accept. It's just never happened to me like that and I thought it was odd. A couple hours after claiming my room I was in a state of undress and hear a knock. While I was grasping for clothes and before I could even say just a minute, the door opens and it is a hotel employee not knowing the room was taken (obviously). He got halfway in the room (I am female) and could hardly speak English enough to apologize and quickly shut the door. I didn't report it because I thought no harm done, it was a mistake and made sure I had the chain on for the rest of my stay. One morning for breakfast I joined a party of three at a table who had just ordered their breakfast. Knowing that, I didn't ask for a menu, I just asked for a cup of coffee. Twice. In the meantime, he brought them their food, etc, and never got coffee for me. It was like he was ignoring me because I came late and wasn't expected. So don't expect any special consideration from servers here , they have a high expectation of protocol. The cream on this crappy weekend came when I got home and for a whole week had $400 taken off my credit card as a &quot;hold&quot;, meaning that amount was taken away from my purchase ability. I called the hotel and it was their room hold for incidentals. I had checked out on a Sunday yet by Thursday it was still on. They said it is up to the bank to release it. I don't know if that was a story or not, my company paid for the room, so that $400 was for my snack bar and movies? I didn't use any of extras and I checked out on Sunday, so I don't know why the hold took so long to clear. I didn't call my bank to verify who really is responsible, but I am in my 40's, stayed in rooms around the U.S. and Italy and this has never happened. It is like this hotel is too good for their own clientele and doesn't trust them . If you a good person, go with the flow, and not demanding or a diva, you may get taken advantage of like I felt I was. I probably should have done more to make a stink about all these issues as they happened, people can't take advantage of you unless you let them. However, I am of the Show-me attitude, and if you don't, I won't come back and will tell everyone I know how crappy I was treated. We are as dangerous as demanding customers. The Good: Very nice rooms, clean and good bedding, And a nice view. Good location.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great hotel - Wonderful staff!	I stayed at the hotel Sax from July 5-10. Unfortunately, my wallet got stolen in the Metra on my way to the hotel. The staff had been extremely helpful in assisting me in obtaining a police report, etc. Special thanks to Bernard, responsible for security. My husband and I appreciated every moment of our stay : great room on 14th floor, very comfortable bed and cleanliness everywhere. But service is really what makes the Sax different : smiles, politeness and willingness to help! We'll certainly choose the Sax again for any future stay in Chicago.	
Jul 21 2008 	Fun and Funky!	I always have my doubts about these trendy, urban places -- but Hotel Sax was very nice! Went with a girlfriend for a lady's weekend. They upgraded us to a bigger room -- which was a nice size, had a decent view, and windows that opened! There was a big flat-panel TV and a huge mirror, and two super-comfy beds. We got champagne one night when we walked into the lobby, which was nice. Because of the club on the first floor, it was a little zooy, but you couldn't hear anything up in the rooms. We also went to the Bin?? and had a great dinner. This is in a very nice location -- close to a lot of things. My only complaint was that we asked for a late checkout because of delayed flights, and they told us it would cost $150! I've never heard of that before, and was rather annoyed. But otherwise, this was a great location for a jazzy little weekend in Chicago!	
Jul 16 2008 	A five for being different!	Our first booking through www.skyauctions.com and it worked out perfect.Great service; the receptionist on arrival. Concierges. Housemaid. The lounge. The room itself. Complimentary coffee every morning. Complimentary sparkling wine in reception in the evenings. Complimentary internet and the Microsoft gaming room. Big plasma with lots of channels. Comfortable beds. Spacious bathroom with nice bath amenities. Next to the house of Blues. During the weekend lots of people coming to the Crimson lounge in the hotel and the House of Blues but could not notice the crowds when we closed the door to our room. Just a ten minute walk to the Millennium park and a stroll to Michigan avenue. Several restaurants in the neighborhood.A different experience (five for being different) making it highly recommended. Well done, SAX.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Hotel	Great Hotel, very stylish. Excellent staff. Room was fantastic. Bar downstairs very good. Excellent breakfast at Bin 34 downstairs. Location was excellent. Definitely go back to Chicago and would stay here again	
Jul 6 2008 	How this ever was rated a 4 star hotel I will never know	We ended up at the Hotel Sax as a last minute booking because after staying at the Doubletree Magnificant Mile (which was FABULOUS and was only a 3 star) for 2 days we decided to extend our vacation by a day and were thrilled to score a 4 star...... until we got there. Upon checking in I did inquire if they knew of a parking ramp that wasn't quite so much money ($42 per night is very pricey even for Chicago) and was told there wasn't any. When the bellboy was helping unload the luggage he told my husband there was a parking ramp 1.5 blocks away for $26 per night (the ramp next to CVS on Kinzie) First we were sent to a room on the 12th floor that was a king size bed and there were 5 of us and I had confirmed the day before that we would have a nonsmoking 2 double bed room. After I contacted the front desk we got switched to a room with 2 double beds on the 11th floor that I was certain the minute I walked in was a smoking room but felt after looking around and not noting any ashtrays that maybe I was mistaken. We also had a room with a door that connected to another room which usually is never an issue but for some reason this hotel or maybe it was this door was paper thin and you could hear the family next door just having casual conversation, a hairdryer being used, the tv show they were watching and I'm sure they were just as impressed with our children settling in to a new environment. We did not stay in the room for long I truly could not stand the smell and did note that the hotel was smoke free throughout but that must be a recent thing.... the first room did not smell that they took us too but the second one was saturated in that stale smoke smell. There is no pool at this hotel, the hairdryer I could not locate until the end of my stay because they keep it in the closet in the room and not in the bathroom where one might expect to find it. The room decor was not my taste at all a bit tacky with the shadow of a chandelier on the wallpapered walls and vinyl throw pillows on the bed along with that vinyl like bucket style chair at the desk with some odd 60's like handle in the middle of the back. The wall to floor windows are nice but made me very nervous when my young child figured out that the smaller panes opened up and there is no screening and you on on the 11th floor. The plasma big screen is nice and the bathroom I thought was one of the better features - it was roomy and not tacky and seemed very clean. The staff was for the most part friendly - although since my husband was leaving to park the car and the bellman that was taking out our luggage and placing it on the cart was assumed to be the person to take the luggage upstairs my husband tipped the guy since he wouldn't be up there.... the bellman walked us in to the lobby acted like he was going to be right behind us by telling us to go up in the first elevator and that he would be in the next, and to our surprise a new bellman showed up with the luggage...... hope the second guy figured out that his tip was sitting in the hands of his buddy that passed us off before completing the task. The only other off experience was the man who was staffing the microsoft room (which my husband and kids enjoyed the xbox 360's) who was &quot;arrogant&quot; and very rude according to my husband.... seems other guest were getting the same impression of him from the comments my husband was hearing while in the room. People who have commented on the dark hallways and elevators are right on.... and some of the artwork on the elevator walls is a bit creepy.... a women holding a skull? I admit we are not Blues fans and maybe that is what you need to be into to really appreciate the Elvira/Adams Family decor. The location was different and I did appreciate being at the South end of the Michigan Ave area after coming from the North end - It was fairly close to Millenium Park. The house of blues is literally right outside the hotel door but we did not go to but there was plenty of activity that involved several police cars the night we were there. So after being at that 3 star hotel that was clean, fresh with 2 pools right off N. Michigan Avenue for less money we were very disappointed with what a 4 star offers - if this had been a 2 star I would have gotten exactly what I would have expected and would have felt treated to the bellboys being on staff.	
Jun 30 2008 	Good Overall. Average for Downtown Hotels.	Good hotel overall.Pluses : champaign &amp; peanuts in shell at front desk upon Friday night arrival. Large bathroom, ~42&quot; LCD was fantastic, 6th floor computer/gaming roomNegatives: not enough lighting next to bed but my #1 negative is that the bed itself was not on par with higher end hotels...I thought it was kind of hard and not even. I don't agree with previous reviews that it was soft. The comforter was very warm so you really had to turn the room temperature down. Ironing board was broke and had to use while laying it on the bed. Wife said she did not have enough counter space in bathroom for all her cosmetics. Bath tub wasn't a sunken tub. No coffeemaker but coffee was available in lobby although it could have been better quality though for hotel level.Booked via priceline for &lt;$120/night so it was a very good value.	
Jun 28 2008 	So cool I almost felt hip myself!	The Hotel Sax is so incredibly cool I almost felt hip myself! Our group consisted of 3 moms taking teenagers to Chicago and camp. We all had our mouths hanging open for the first hour from checking in to discovering our rooms and the 6th floor &quot;game room&quot;. This place was a huge (very pleasant) surprise considering we got it on Hotwire at the last minute. A Monday night stay must be the key because the hotel was 100% booked the following night. The lobby is small but really unique using old store display counters filled with antique cut glass items as their check in desk. A big jar of cinnamon jelly beans was a hit. The decor here and in the rooms is just plain out-of-this-world! It looks like some really hip design team had a great concept that they carried out to the finest detail.The staff at every point was fantastic. We got great advice from the concierge, the valets were very funny and personable, the front desk was warm and friendly and I even ran into the general manager on the elevator and he was so nice. An extremely hip place like this tends to have really stuck-up staff (think The Delano in South Beach, Miami) but these people were typical Midwesterners - nice, funny, unassuming.We had two double beds in our room and the sheets and pillows were luxurious. The shower head is enormous and blasted water which we liked. The bar in The Hotel Sax has got to be seen even if you don't stop in for a drink. It has separate nooks with huge couches and chairs. It looked like THE place to meet up if you're a Chicago yuppy.We had a late dinner at Smith and Wallensky's literally a stone's throw across the driveway. The view of the river on a beautiful warm summer's night was great. Hopefully the Hotel Sax will keep up the great work and we look forward to visiting it again and recommending it to everyone!	
Jun 9 2008 	Very posh for one night business trip	I went on a 1-night business trip to Chicago and my hotel was booked for me. I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the hotel. Once checked in, I was given a king size room on the 12th floor. The view is awesome and I loved the 42&quot; plasma flat screen tv. The bathroom had plenty of towels and tolietries for one night. There was a small mini fridge and liquors on the dresser- nice touch but pricey- $4 for an oj! Our group met back down at the Crimson Lounge. I liked the music/ atmosphere, but a lady came around wanting us to purchase the table for the night. Umm... they were not that busy or that good. The bar was just as good. The hotel is in an area with lots of night life and is a quick taxi ride to anywhere in the downtown area. House of Blues was next door and we didn't have to pay a cover since we checked it out near closing time, awesome blues. I had a newspaper at my door early the next morning (before 8am). Check-out was a breeze and a billowy white curtains in the entrance was a nice touch.	
May 29 2008 	Loved almost everything!	My two girlfriends and I booked a room at the Sax over Memorial Day weekend. We got a good deal. We picked this hotel based on TripAdvisor's suggestion that it's good for singles. They were right!The Sax is definitely a hotel for people willing to stay somewhere a little different. The lobby isn't very big, but there are comfy chairs and couches to wait on. The doormen were extremely friendly. The front desk staff were friendly as well, although some of them were a bit hit and miss. The Crimson Lounge is definitely a pro for this hotel. The lounge seems very new, and is decorated in red and black. The drinks are a bit pricey, but the bartenders were extremely sweet and made sure we got fantastic drinks for our dollars. Only downside was that the lounge closed around 1:30am, but this is the same as most places in Chicago. The room was great. Luxurious, comfy beds, huge bathroom, the wireless internet worked flawlessly, and it was spotless every day. The big downside - the concierge. They had a few different people staffing the concierge desk and we only had one competant one - that was Christina or Catherine. She was fantastic, but the others didn't really know anything. They had to make several phone calls to find anything out and they didn't even know the way to get places!So overall, I'd stay here again, knowing that I might have to do my own investigating for where to go and what to do and how to get there. Otherwise, had an excellent stay!	
May 27 2008 	Great as long as you don't use their Valet service	It saddens me that I can't write a rave review about the SAX. It started out great, the room was immaculate, bathroom, huge, the flat screen TV had access to HD channels, wireless access was seemless and the bed was extremely comfortable and soft. The location was excellent, just a short walk to the Miracle Mile and Merchant Mart. My husband and I were contemplating extending our stay at the hotel because it was so comfortable and, well, perfect. That is, until we retrieved our car from the valet lot a day after we checked in. Our car had been ransacked, with every compartmented rumaged through and our belongings scattered. Luckily, we removed all valuable items from the car except for some quarters intended for parking (those were stolen) but it felt violating to have our car vandalized like that. When we complained to hotel management, they immediately said that they do not run the valet parking service and they just send guests to the lot since it's right across the way. And, of course, the parking service didn't want to take responsibility either. My perception of valet parking is that the car is kept in a safe place where it wouldn't be ransacked so obviously, this kind of service was unacceptable to me. I was tired of getting the runaround so I asked that we not be chared for parking that first night (I parked on the street after that) and they did remove the charge. We decided not to extend our stay after that experience and their indifference to what had happened ruined our experience with the hotel.	
May 2 2008	Very different	We booked our stay at The Hotel Sax Chicago with Hotels.com, we got a very good deal and last minute too.On arrival we were very impressed with the lobby area, all be it small, it was bright and airy with crystal and glass in cabinets all around. The doormen were very attentive too. It was when you entered the lifts that the bright and airy feel dissapeared. The lift was very nice and oppulent but dark, once up to the 14th floor, we were met with a very dark, slightly creepy in a nice way corridor. This hotel must have just been renovated because everything was immaculate.Our room was a surprise, it was quite big and even though the decor was a little busy, we did like it, the bathroom was large, with good qaulity fixtures. The bath towels and robes were light and fluffy and the tioletries were replaced everyday. The soaps they use a lovely too, and WOW what a great shower. The room itself had a very large flat screen TV mounted on the wall, we also had a floor to ceiling mirror on one wall and floor to ceiling windows. The bed was super-king size and the bed was very comfortable. As we are super fussy on bed quality we did make sure the beds were pillow-top and it was like a big marshmellow.All the fixtures and fittings, looked to be brand new. Be warned though as some of the mini bar items, water, ect, snacks are placed on the tray with your glasses and cocktail shakers and they are not free. We did have room service once and it was good and reasonably priced. We ate at Bin36 for breakfast a few times and found it very nice indeed.There is a new Bar called The Crimson Lounge, gosh this place looked like a Vampire's Lure, very gothic, red and so dark, you could hardly see the person sat next to you on some tables. It was very busy on the weekend we where there, with lots of young girls aged around 20 - 25, dressed to impress, not our cup of tea really.We did like Chicago, not so much as NY but we managed to see lots of sights. Harry Carays is a nice Bar ect. We also at at SMith and Wollensky but to be honest the over bearing waiter really put ut off. ALl in all the Sax is very well placed in the Marina, right next to the House Of Blues, were you can watch blues and eat good food, we managed to go on Sunday for the Brunch and gospel Choir, was fantastic and en experience. Our only gripe was our view out of the windows, of the Corn Cob Towers, the car park hosts the first 16 floors, so being on floor 14, we had a view of the spiral car park and also the noise. However all in all it was a great hotel and well worth the money.	
Apr 30 2008 	I'll stay somewhere else next time	First off let me say the bed, 42&quot; plasma TV, and staff service were all great. The room was always clean and was well stocked with plenty of (typically high priced) snacks and enough alcohol to drop an elephant.Now that that is out of the way on to the other issues...No internet... the 2 wired jacks didn't work and the wireless wouldn't hold a connection for more than 30 seconds. I was (according to the hotel technician that came to check my internet) in one of the best rooms for wireless by the elevators. In the end I could do no work from the hotel room.Although supposedly being freshly renovated, the bottom row of tiles in the tub/shower were soft and sagging from water rot of the wall behind.No bar of soap or bath mat until day 3.The (probably once comfortable) arm chair in the room has been recovered in... I kid you not... imitation vinyl TEXTURED snake skin. Not only does it look horrid the chair is now cold, uncomfortable and squeaks when you sit in it. I used it once for about 30 seconds.No screens on the windows. To the delight of the fly that joined me in my room on day 2.No vending machines in the entire hotel. None, zippo. The guest book says there are but the hotel operator informed me that there aren't after I went looking. I refused to open the $7 bottle of water in my room and wandered off to a grocery store instead.And lastly, who puts a pedestal sink in a hotel room? There is no counter space to put down all the toiletries you typically travel with and I ended up using the toilet tank as a shelf.As much as I loved the bed and TV I personally wouldn't stay there again. If you're just looking for a quiet place to crash though you might consider it.	
Apr 18 2008 	Kinda Weird Actually	My company has a business rate with this location, and of all the Chicago area hotels I'm really shocked they chose this one. Most of my younger early 20-something colleagues tend to like this location, but I'm not completely sold on it.I find they're trying so hard to be trendy that it becomes annoying.All of my contacts with the staff were very pleasant.Gettting to the room proved tough as the sixth floor was very dark, and the rooms were poorly labeled.The room was comfortable and plush, but again tried too hard to be trendy. I found the bathroom to be odd. With a long walk from the shower to the sink counter top on a cold floor. Had I stayed long I'd have requested extra bath towels simply to &quot;carpet&quot; the floor.I did not use the hotel's internet service, but did use their valet parking which I found to be very expensive ($42 Feb 2008), but probably on par with what other downtown hotels charge.	
Mar 24 2008 	Perfect	Junior Suite was perfect for me and my 2 teenage daughters! King bed with wall mounted flat screen and living room area with a sleeper sofa with its own wall mounted flat screen. If bed privacy is an issue, this arrangement would not work because all that seperates the 2 sleeping areas is a sheer chiffon curtain. Bath area is gigantic with floor to ceiling windows, 2 sinks, large amt of counter space. Housekeeping was very attentive. Evening concierge, Mario...helped out with printing airline boarding passes at a certain time, even though we werent even at the hotel at the time they needed to printed. He was very accomodating Hotel is as close to everything as you need to be. Big city so you cant be walking distance to everything but definitely is in the middle of all. House of Blues is right across the driveway from the hotel and we enjoyed the Sunday afternoon Gospel Brunch......buffet style... so by the time you make it back to your table, food is cold but that happens at every buffet. Should have more that 2 guys preparing omelettes. Would stay there again for sure!!! Adult atmosphere...wouldnt be a place I would stay with young kids. Nothing is geared for youngsters. GOOD!	
Mar 12 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Sax and we loved it! We were attending the House of Blues, excellent location just out the door and we were there. The staff was friendly and did everything to make sure our stay was a great one! Conceirge was able to get us reservations in the Foundation Room at the HOB, what a place! Doorman was the absolute best! It is our new home in Chicago! T	
Feb 18 2008 	Trendy upscale hotel	What a great hotel!! The bed area of the rooms are on the small side, but the bathrooms are absolutely huge! What beautiful decor. There was jazz music playing in our room when we first got there, which was a nice touch. The bed was so comfortable, and there is a huge flat screen tv mounted on the wall. The location was perfect. Walking distance to almost everything in downtown Chicago (shopping, theatre district, Millennium Park, etc.) Although we did not go there, the Crimson Lounge in the lobby looked like a great place for drinks and dancing. We had a great, romantic weekend at the Hotel Sax.	
Feb 18 2008 	Adored this hotel!	We stayed at the Hotel Sax this past weekend for my birthday and LOVED it! The staff were so friendly, helpful and courteous. The location was amazing, right next to the House of Blues and 1/2 block from all kinds of restaurants and bars. The concierge service was AMAZING! He was helpful, answered our questions thoroughly and even gave us passes to get into Howl at the Moon. I was also very surprised by a birthday treat sent up to my room. The decor is really quite beautiful and the choices of places to eat, drink and even bowl were great! We actually came back to the hotel after dinner and some time out and spent time in both the Crimson Lounge and 10 Pin the wacky bowling alley!	
Feb 18 2008 	It was exactly what we needed	Booked at the Hotel Sax through TravelZoo. We decided to go for a V-day weekend. Got their around 6pm on Friday and there was no wait at check in. Gave us a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe king and a free bottle of wine. We were taken to the 9th floor to a glorious room. The room was huge with a king bed, big windows, a 42&quot; tv, mini bar and desk. The bathroom was huge and decorated really nice. Be careful of the mini bar with its electronic sensors that automatically charge you after what they say is 30 seconds. I would go with closer to 15. We had 2 charges on there that they happily took off. If you head to the 6th floor you will find THE STUDIO which was put together by Microsoft. In this room you would XBOX with Rock Band, Halo, Madden and many others. All of this was surrounded by couches and was never crowded.I skipped the valet parking at a rate of $48 i believe. I instead parked in a parking ramp one block away for 36 for the entire weekend. It took less than 10 minutes to walk there and drive back.Overall a great weekend.PS - Try Brazazz for dinner while you are there. Its 4 blocks up Dearborn and the food is amazing. Brazazz is a Brazilian steakhouse.	
Feb 3 2008 	trendy but very dark	This hotel is trying too hard. The lobby is nice and the lounge/ bar is very cool. However the rooms are so dark that it is hard to see anything. Only one side of the bed has a dim lamp. There is a very small lamp on the desk and a very dark floor lamp. If you plan to read or work in your room, this is not the hotel for you.	
Jan 31 2008 	A swanky night at the Hotel Sax!	My boyfriend and I live in Chicago and wanted to book a night downtown to celebrate our 3rd anniversary. After browsing Hotwire I came across the Hotel Sax, which used to be the House of Blues Hotel.I am an Interior Designer and I was pretty blown away by the sophistication and style of the hotel's interior. It felt like something out of New York City. Not only were the rooms incredibly hip and clean with good ammenities, but the bar downstairs in the Lobby, Crimson, was very swank. I thought it was definitely a step-up from the tired old bars at both of the W Hotels in Chicago. On top of all this, you can't beat the location. It's right between the Loop and River North so you get choose your adventures from there and you are literally at the door step of the House of Blues, 10 Pin Bowling, and Bin 36 (a wonderful restaurant). Overall, we had a great time and got it for a steal ($130.00 a night) and I would recommend this to anyone!	
Jan 31 2008 	Really nice surprise	Very happy with Hotel Sax. Nice decor, friendly staff and a bed that you can just sink in to. It has an all around good feeling in the hotel. Impressed with the low price due to its great location. We will check out this hotel again when we take another weekend trip from the suburbs to downtown Chicago.	
Jan 29 2008	Great hotel - Impeccable concierge service	We recently had the opportunity to stay at the Hotel Sax in Chicago for a brief New Year's visit to bring in '08.My wife and I, along with our 2 teenage sons and 2 of their classmates, had a most enjoyable stay at the hotel and experienced unmatched levels of courtesy and service from the hotel staff. We thought the computer games/activity room was a great idea and we wonder why more hotels don't offer an amenity like this to provide a fun, safe and convenient entertainment option for the kids to enjoy, especially teenagers.The concierge in particular, a Ms. S. C., was most helpful in assisting us with the usual &quot;what to see, what to do&quot; drill and we really appreciate her personal attention to our many questions and requests. She is an asset to the organization.We would not hesitate to stay at Hotel Sax again and look forward to a return visit to Chicago, one of our favorite cities. We have enthusiasticlly recommended the hotel - and Chicago - to our friends, relatives and colleagues.Thank you, Hotel Sax, for making our visit so pleasant and relaxing. We will be back.1/29/08JGS	
Jan 2 2008	perfect weekend trip!	My family is from the Chicago suburbs and we decided to stay here for 3 nights so we could enjoy our own city- Chicago! The hotel met all our expectations. The game room on the 6th floor was an excellent place for my 3 children to busy themselves as I would get ready for a night out. The location is perfect. We went to the Chicago theatre (walked) Shopped in the loop and Mich Ave. Drove to the Zoo and Navy Pier and ate at an excellent new restaurant right next to our hotel called A-Mano! Yes- it seemed to cater to a younger, hip group. Huge crowd on Saturday Night for the club near the lobby. Great people watching! There is no pool however, if your kids care about swimming. We were mainly looking for a decent rate in a great location. I think we found it at the Hotel Sax!Thanks. Hope this helps.	
Dec 20 2007	Fabulous Hotel Sax!	My husband and I stayed at hotel Sax for the weekend of December 14th, 2007. We were both utterly impressed with the entire experience; the hotel location, the room, the staff and the dining. You cannot ask for a better combination! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially the concierge. If you’re in Chicago and would like to stay where all the action is, then Hotel Sax is the place!	
Dec 18 2007 	Nice central location. Interesting decor.	This ultra modern hotel was very comfortable and well equipped for our stay. My husband, two children and I stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend. The location was great for walking to the shopping area along the one mag. mile. The hotel restaurant, 36 Bin was great for a full breakfast, with very attentive staff and excellent food. We went outside of the hotel for dinner. The hotel staff was polite and very willing to assist with easy check-in and front door chivalry. I found the lighting in the hallways a bit on the dim side, but chalked it up to the overall style the designers were trying to achieve. The room was modern and funky in style, but large, spacious, clean and more than equipped for an extremely comfortable stay. I would stay here again while in Chicago.	
Dec 15 2007 	Hotel Sax Needs to Turn on the LIghts	When the House of Blues underwent renovation and became the Hotel Sax (elongate that &quot;a&quot; when speaking to your children!) we were intrigued by the relatively reasonable rate and the chance to see the refurbishment. We saw what we could, given that &quot;mood lighting&quot; pervades the hallways and the rooms themselves. From the stark white of the lobby, where twenty-somethings with asymetrical haircuts waited companionably with chubby middle aged midwesterners, we ascended to a dim hallway where we used our car-key flashlight to insert the key in the lock. Nearby, prints of Old Masters hung benignly in curly red laquered frames.If you have ever seen the movie &quot;Beetlejuice&quot; you will have some sense of the post-modern frou-frou that defines the decor. The key feature of our smallish-but-adequate king room was a large wing chair upholstered in snakeskin vinyl. Next to it was a midnight-blue floor lamp with matching shade. Ah! Light! we thought, but how much light does a nearly-black lamp give you? The paisleyed wallpaper included a startling flat gray silouette of a chandelier. Oh that it were light-emitting. Bedside lighting next to the black padded headboard finally proved adequate and the bathroom was large and clean, although without an adequate surface on which to park a cosmetics bag. The king bed was comfortable and the flat screen TV worked fine. One look-see into the bar on the first floor left us shuddering at the updated cathouse decor -- enough red velvet to sink a ship. Edgy, yes, but it is all going to look merely dim and dated in a couple of years. We're still glad we went, and as others have commented, the location is great for restaurants.	
Dec 3 2007 	Modern Hotel	Good hotel. Sheets and towels were high quality. Room was clean. Staff was friendly. The kids liked the game room on floor #6. The hotel is in a great location. The decorating was modern which was fine for me. Others might have a problem with it. Would go back	
Nov 19 2007 	Great style	I stayed here when it was the House of Blues Hotel so was very interested to see what had changed. The room I had was fantastic. Not especially large rooms but large enough and very stylish with a large flat screen. This hotel is certainly a departure from the normal beige.The hotel is very handy for most locations, waterfront, Magnificent Mile and Rush and Division etc. Breakfast was very good although Bin 39 is not the best for atmosphere.The price I paid was £135/night so not cheap but a good hotel for the rate.	
Nov 11 2007 	Yes to Hotel Sax	We stayed at the Hotel Sax last minute because our original hotel was overbooked. The staff at the hotel took care of some very disgruntled people and put us at ease right away. The bowling alley adjacent to the hotel is lots of fun and the finger foods are tasty. The bar downstairs is really nice and a cool place to just relax. The room itself posed a few issues that the hotel was a little slow in attending to, but considering everything else, it was very minor and didn't really change our attitude towards the overall experience.	
Nov 5 2007 	Style over Substance - - But Great Modern Style	Recently remodeled property. The rooms were very clean, but sparse. Cute decor. Great lobby and hotel bar in the heart of downtown Chicago. Love BIN36, the restaurant and wine bar that's connected to the property.	
Oct 22 2007	Best Night's Sleep Ever in a Hotel	Great location on the south end of the loop. No problem walking the Mile for shopping, plus it was a block from the theatre district where we caught a show. Surrounded by fabulous restaurants and fun pubs. Beside the locale, the hotel staff was so helpful with both shopping and dining tips. The room was the best part. I had the best night's sleep ever in a hotel. First the bed and pillows were heavenly. The blackout curtains allowed us to sleep in after a fun night out on the town, and the rooms were so quiet that I didn't hear any hallway or neighbor noises. We used the Airport Shuttle express service to and from the hotel for ease. Definitely would stay here again.	
Oct 4 2007 	Hotel "Slax"	We had stayed at the House of Blues in the past and were anxious to see what The Hotel Sax had done in its makeover. The HOB was funky and the Hotel Sax remains funky, but the decor is cheap and uncomfortable and seems to have been done on a shoe-string budget. The dark hallways with faux-candlesticks and tacky wallpaper have a Disney's Haunted House feel to them. The rooms themselves seemed like the product of a rushed &quot;Trading Spaces&quot; or &quot;While You Were Out&quot; show in which massive changes were made in a short amount of time for a small amount of money. Gaudy decor aside, the bellman and valet while friendly were inappropriately casual (&quot;Thanks, man&quot; and &quot;Thanks, dude&quot; were some of their responses to us) and the cleaning staff missed broken glass in front of our room from a dropped tray of a neighboring room. Our room, while large (it was a suite) bordered the elevators and the noise from their movement was nonstop. The lobby is full of cases of crystal stemware. While unusual, it lends itself to the crystal department at a retail store and its purpose is unclear. What is the point of all that glass?Chicago has so many beautiful hotels, I would suggest you stay someplace else.	
Oct 2 2007 	Swank Hotel Sax!	Beautiful, swank hotel with very friendly staff. Convenient location - walking distance to Museum Mile shopping, Millenium Park, etc. Mini bar &amp; room service are reasonably priced. Crunch gym location is in the basement. There's also a great wine shop next door - be sure to visit it! Valet parking is overpriced - there are much less expensive parking options at street level. I was substantially overbilled &amp; had a minor heart attack, but the staff personnel quickly resolved it. I did not visit the House of Blues, though I had initially intended to.	
Sep 8 2007 	Hotel Sax a great experience and location	The Hotel Sax is in one of the best locations in Chicago. It is a half block from the Chicago River and many rooms have partial river views (mine did.) It is just a couple blocks from the Magnificent Mile, a couple blocks from the Merchandise Mart, and is surrounded by many of the best restaurants in the city. You can walk to most of the places you'd want to visit. The recently renovated hotel has modern and luxurious furnishings and my room was huge and very comfortable. Great bed, large bath, a huge plasma TV, and windows that actually opened to let in fresh air. Internet in the room was free as was wifi in the lobby. I loved the fact that on each floor by the elevators there was a TV in the wall to watch while waiting for the elevator. The lobby was lovely including the reception desks which were fronted by glass cabinetry filled with beautiful crystal pieces. The front desk personnel were friendly and efficient and the concierge was most helpful. Same for the bellmen. My only staff hitch was the reservations agent I spoke with on the phone who was not friendly or very helpful. When I complained about her in the survey I received after leaving the hotel, the manager was very prompt in writing to apologize about that and promised to remedy the situation. The lobby bar, The Crimson Bar, is just that....red, red, red. It is huge and decorated like a luxury bordello. There are many private and comfortable seating areas with sofas, large chairs, etc. Also, a long bar and friendly bartenders. It is not a restaurant but they do have a bar menu. We tried the restaurant off the lobby called Bin 36 and were rather disappointed with it. It was loud, crowded and not comfortable. Our food was not cooked as requested and the efficient but not gracious waitress said that's just how they do it, then reluctantly offered to take it back. I noted in my hotel survey that since there are dozens of great restaurants within easy walking distance from the hotel (including several within two blocks), that I would have no reason to return to Bin 36. Again, the manager was apologetic and promised to make it better. Overall, I loved this hotel and highly recommend it. Everything within the hotel itself is very well done, beautiful and comfortable and the amenities are excellent. The location is ideal. And I got a very good rate for my stay. I will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great location and stylish decor	We stayed here because we got a great promotional rate online, otherwise don't know if we could have afforded it. The lobby and rooms are so stylish and luxurious, as is the lounge and winebar next door. The staff are all very helpful and friendly. It's easy to get around, just step outside and you're on the river and nearby the El. My only complaint is the parking, which is obscene at $40 a day!	
Sep 1 2007 	You Are Kidding Right?	I have stayed at this hotel many times when it was House of Blues (Loews) , Lets just say the new company did not hit the mark with the redo. The only thing that I think is better is the Flat panel tv's in the rooms. The decor is awful and cheap looking( maybe they got a great deal at Ikea ?) The lobby is all white and very cold feeling ( i'm sure it will feel even colder in the winter). The new lounge is not good at all. A paparazzi wall ? I know I felt like a star while I was sitting in front of it. LOL The lounge staff has zero personality, I think I bothered them by ordering a drink. The only staff that i remembered from times past were Rico and Wayne ( Doorman) and Catherine( concierge) All three remembered me and are the ONLY brite spot in my stay. I don't think I will be staying here again.P.S. If anyone knows where the staff from the old ( Kazbar ) lounge is at please let me know. They were the best. That really hurt this place when they left.	
Aug 28 2007 	Second stay loved it!	This is my second stay at this hotel and it again was great! The only bad thing was we asked for &quot;turn down&quot; service, and they came at 10:30 PM to do it! We were already asleep! (Had kids, what can I say!!?) So they came the next night earlier and &quot;turned down&quot; the beds BUT no treats! We were expecting a little something from the other reviews, but nothing! No mint or jellybean! So the kids thought this turn down service was stupid! (Had to agree with them) Anyway, the hotel was nice and remodeled and clean. We even asked for a micro wave and they brought us one right away. The only drawback is parking. It was $40 a day, and the lot right across the street was $15 a day. Wish I would have used that one and spent $30 instead of $80...but they come and snatch up your car right away and you think that is the thing to do. Our car never left the lot for 3 days, so it really could have been parked across the street. Our rooms were nice and clean and large. It really is a fun stay for right downtown. You can walk to Michigan Ave. very easily. I enjoyed it and the kids thought we were &quot;high class&quot; They even had robes for us to wear, that was fun!	
Aug 24 2007 	Great location interesting place	My friend and I stayed here for one night. We chose this hotel because it's next to the House of Blues, and we're lazy. It was a perfect location for HOB and wandering Michigan Ave, Navy Pier, etc. I was thrown off by the lobby--I wasn't sure I was in a hotel. All of the staff we encountered including the front desk, housekeeping, and valets were exceptionally pleasant and helpful. We were able to check in early which is always nice--I had expected only to store our bags for the day. The room was unusually decorated with a fake snakeskin wing chair, jewel toned upholstery and an LCD panel tv. The only complaint is the weak in-room lighting. The shower head was as big as a dinner plate and it was like taking a shower in a heavy rains, but in a good way. Would I stay here again? Yes, but it's not exactly a thrifty option.	
Aug 24 2007 	Unique hotel in a great location	I stayed at the Hotel Sax for a convention that was in town and really enjoyed my stay. I do not know what the hotel looked like before but they really did a great job! (Almost felt like I was in a W hotel) The guest room I stayed in was huge and comfortable, great amenities too. Very helpful employees great ambiance, great location. The only thing that I was dissapointed in was the food that came out of the room service department. I ordered breakfast and paid over $23 for a mini box of cereal, small pot of coffee and a banana that was so bruised I just threw it out. Other than that I hope to stay again when I am in town for business.	
Aug 3 2007	Exciting and very cool Hotel Sax!!	Stayed nine enjoyable nights at the Hotel Sax. House of Blues is centered there. Hotel has been completely renovated and the new ornate and ultra modern Bar/Lounge next to the front desk is something to see and enjoy!! Very unique! Hotel is close to everything downtown and World famous Michigan Avenue Shopping is also within walking distance. Restaurants, steakhouses (Harry Carry's, Mortons,Sullivans,etc) are within walking distance. Great Full Service Gym connected to Hotel. Staff was very friendly. Concierge set up a private room at the Smith and Wollensky (sp?) steakhouse on the property. Hotel gives you a feeling that you are staying at an exciting, unique and very modern hotel near everything in Chicago!	
Aug 2 2007 	Great Hotel and Location!	I was here on business/pleasure and it was a fantastic stay! As they told me prior to booking, the lobby was finished being renovated(it smelled great). So I had no problems with that. ALL the staff was very gracious and kind to me and my friends. The lounge downstairs is an excellent modern place to relax and have a good time.I stayed in a cabin room which is smaller but fit just me perfectly. I would only stay in that room with one other person and it would be someone I am comfortable with. Not a room for someone who wants privacy with a roommate. Location is great. Short walk to shops at Michigan Ave. I also walked to Navy Pier. It is not a quick walk (20-25mins)but it is defiantly a nice walk if you want to see the sights and take your time getting there.House of Blues, bowling alley lounge, and jazz clubs etc...I plan on staying there again! Found a good rate on orbitz via kayak.com.	
Aug 2 2007	Enjoyable Stay	I stayed here with 7 other women for a bachelorette party. The rooms were average although the bathrooms were big and the flat screen televisions were fun the room was not as special as the high price. We did find the hotel staff VERY helpful, kind, and friendly. The location is pretty good, perfect if you're going to an event at House of Blues. I probably would not stay here again without a deep deep discount.	
Jul 24 2007	fab plus	i can't say anything bad about the hotel. The staff were fabulous, our room was upgraded to a suite. We did see the standard rooms, and they were a good size. The room service menu is not expensive, considering you are in the heart of Chicago. It is a truly a great hotel with good pricing, since there was a renovation, so book now before they raise the prices.	
Jul 7 2007 	swank not really bank	The best part of the hotel was the staff. They were very nice informative and friendly. I really wish that there was more to say that was good. The room service was practically robbery with the limited menu and outrageous price for what you actually get,not to mention that they didn't have the item that I wanted and had to settle for something else. There is no phone book in your room so you can do one of two things: 1. Call the concierge and get the number for a charge of $1,(which they don't tell you) or 2.Get the internet services in your room turned on for $9.95 (only to find out that they stay connected until 3 p.m.) Went to get ice and the machine didn't work on my floor so I went one floor down and that one wasn't working either.The bar was charging 150 for chapagne which I noticed the same brand in a liquor store for probably 100 dollars less. Location was great and the room was nice but some of the things that you expect from a regular hotel was missing in this posh place. I just think overall fundamentally it should have been better.	
Jun 29 2007	Needs some work quick.	Used to stay here when it was the House of Blues Hotel. I really liked it even though teh rooms were small because it is really convenient and the people were nice. Now the lobby is bigger but it is very cold and white, not inviting at all. The rooms are still small, but now they are a weird purple gray color and that minimal IKEA kind of furniture. The only people I recognized from my last stay were the bellman. They are still great, but it seems the hotel told them they are no longer allowed to temporarily park cars next to the lobby. I had picked up a rental car at Hertz to go visit a customer out west. and just wanted to run to my room to check email and gather up my things, maybe 45 minutes at most, but I had to put my car in the garage. Well, people started showing up for some show at the House Of Blues and it was a zoo when I came down for my car. Not only did it cost me a lot, but it took over half an hour to get it. I was almost late for dinner. Looks like they changed the bar,too, which is too bad. It didn''t appear to be open yet but it looks like it is going to be some really loud, pretentious kind of club. Not sure how business people are going to react. I quit staying at the Hyatt because of the loud club over there. Oh, and the price seemed really high for something that is still not finished, too.	
Jun 27 2007	BEST OF CHICAGO	This hotel is fabulous! Regular rooms are on the small side but the suites are just wonderful. My husband and I celebrated an anniversary at the HOB.....We had a great time! Kaz bar had great drinks and superb service. Don't recommend for families w/small children.	
Jun 5 2007 	Not nearly ready for prime time. Avoid it.	The House of Blues Hotel has been undergoing changes for the last five months. It is now called HOTEL SAX, yes, that's as in saxophone, or is it just a play on your eye? This place has problems: the front desk is currently on the fourth floor of this 16-story 353-room building. Getting there can be a pain. There's ONLY ONE working elevator in the whole place! One elevator for 353 rooms! Management decided to keep the place open while renovating everything. What a disaster that makes! Stairways lead to construction zones that are roped off from the public. Dust everywhere. Movie channels are not working. The newly renovated rooms are still relatively clausterphobic but far more tasteful than the House of Blues &quot;style&quot; (or lack thereof). Still, someone failed to do their homework. The tiny desk chair sweats against your back something terrible! No wireless Internet. Wait a while, and maybe they'll be ready for primetime. Meanwhile, think of 13 clowns in a VW Beetle, and you'll know what the pain is here.	
May 30 2007 	Good hotel - under construction	We had a great stay here and chose the hotel because of concert plans at the HOB. Room was nice, a little sparse with the amenities, but comfortable and beautiful large windows looking out on Chicago. The hotel lives up to its rock and roll image - dark halls, do not disturb signs aplenty, and considerate housekeeping that doesn't bang around the halls in the mornings. I imagine it can get very loud late-night (although we had NO issues with noise) but be warned. The hotel is under new management (will soon be a Lowe's, I believe) and so there was no lobby to speak of. That was a bit of a bummer since we couldn't hang out at the hotel bar before and after the show. I'm curious to see how it changes under new management.	
May 27 2007 	Very unique hotel nice location	I stayed at this hotel in June 2006 when visitng family in Chicago. I found the hotel to be very unique indeed, with nice works of art in every room and all around the hotel.The hotel is located on the Chicago River, and many of the rooms offer spectacular views of the city. It is located very closely to the Chicago River and the river tours.The only complaints I have with the room are as follows: the room keys often got deactivated everyday, so we had to call the front desk every evening upon returning or the room. Also, the hotel, as of June of last year, did not offer complementary internet access.	
May 1 2007 	Great location	Wait until the remodel is finished and this will be a great place to stay in Chicago. Bin 36 is good for breakfast although a little cold. Liked the room (deluxe king).As with most city hotels it's not an amazing experience to stay there - it you want that you need to find a town house with 5 rooms but then you lose out on location and facilities so pay your money and take your choice.My only recommendation for Chicago in general is coffee at Uncommon Ground but it's not in the centre!	
Apr 29 2007 	Not so great	They really should tell you that they are in the midst of a remodel. Kind of a mess and noisy. Worst part was the Gospel Brunch--huge ripoff. Mediocre food, crammed in like sardines, and the &quot;talent&quot; was worse than American Idol rejects. I would opt for the Hard Rock next time.	
Apr 25 2007 	Amazing!!	This place was incredible! We booked a room with Travel Planners and told them jokingly to give us a great room because we had never been to Chicago and we were in shock when we were taken to our room! Following the bellhop past all of the single doors on the 14th floor to the end of the hall, we came to a set of double doors. When he opened the doors to this massive suite, we thought there had to be a HUGE mistake as we were only paying $150 per night! It had a huge living and dining room, a bar, 1 huge half bath, and 1 unbelievably huge full bath with a shower large enough for 4, and a giant tub with a tv built in the wall! The bedroom was incredible with 2 oversized chairs and an ottaman, an armoire with web tv, nintendo, and a large tv. There were windows down each side of the room, lots of them, that overlooked downtown! The maids put jelly belly's on your pillow at turndown and there's a big vase full of jelly belly's. It's decorated with what looks like way cool pier 1 furnishings. Just unreal! We were there for 8 days and I long to go back but I am sure that suite is well over $1000 per night. It was the best and such a fun, unique place!	
Apr 25 2007 	Loved It!	Stayed there for a &quot;girls night out&quot; weekend. Loved every minute of it! They are remodeling and we got a new remodeled room. It was fabulous! Well worth every penny. The staff was excellent, the food and bar where great! It was easy to get too off the highway. Can't say anything bad about the hotel.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great Experience!!!	We arrived on April 20th for 2 nights and before we arrived we had heard about the construction that was underway at the hotel but was pleasently supprized when we arrived. It is true that the main lobby is closed for remolding but we did not feel their was any inconvience with the temporary lobby on the 4th floor. We had heard that they were remolding the rooms with new carpet and a toned down wall and bed coverings. We arrive by 11:00 am that morning and we were told previously to get a coner room for better veiws and when we arrived a room was not avialable but they were very nice and told us that we would have a room with in the hour. We did get our room about 12:pm and the room was great. They have installed 42&quot; flat screen TV's in the new rooms and you could still smell the new carpet. Everything about the room exceeded our expectations even though they were not huge, they were very well laid out. The only negatitive comments would be the cable tv could of had more chaneels and at least one movie channel. But overall re would stongly recommend this hotel because of their location and their rooms. Even though this hotel is transitioning to the HOTEL SAX, this is still a great place to stay.	
Apr 11 2007 	Fabulous with easy access to HOB concert	I stayed at the HOB hotel with fans of a group playing at the HOB venue. I was very pleased with the accommodations. The color scheme in the room was funky and pleasing. The bathroom was fabulous.Everything about the place was eye candy. Beds were very comfortable.I'd stay there again in a heartbeat!For anyone with mobility impairment...everything about this facility was access friendly.	
Mar 5 2007	Not what we expected	The House of Blues IS going through a major renovation. There is no lobby when you arrive, just a person at a podium sending you to the 4th floor where there is a makeshift desk and some one to check you in. Not a soul around- felt like the twilight zone. One of the main reasons we booked at the HOB is becaseu we were traveling with our teenage son and thought it would be a lively place to stay, next time we will stay at the Hard Rock. Our one bedroom suite was lovely with the exception of the pull out sofa bed. The mattress was so thin you could feel the springs underneath. The Conceirge was rude (when you could actually get a hold of them), we booked tickets to the Sunday Gospel Brunch, wrong number of tickets, and when I asked what time we should arrive for the 10:00 seating we were told &quot;10:00&quot;. Actually it is family style seating and buffet which means if you don't get there ahead of time you are left to wait in line to eat for upwards of 30 minutes. The bowling alley is awesome, too bad we didn't get to use it! When we checked in we were not told that we would need to make a reservation to bowl. We tried to bowl on a Saturday afternoon but it was a two hour wait! Bellmen were great.	
Mar 3 2007	Great hotel but major construction going on.....	I attended an exhibition in Chicago last week and had booked the House of Blues hotel last year as we were attending an evening function at the House of Blues venue located next door to the hotel.Upon arrival, We were shocked to see that the main entrance is shut and that you have to go through a side door and we were then ushered into an elevator onto the 4th floor where they have made a makeshift reception area.I had travelled all the way from the UK and was in need of a good old fashioned beer... only to be told that there was no hotel bar available! I was gobsmacked.... I made a small protest and was told that the renovation work did not affect my hotel room. This did not humour me after 12 hours travelling!After all this, the rooms were very clean and well laid out. The bed was very comfortable and the staff did a great job considering their surroundings.All in all, I was a little disappointed that we weren't told in advance about the restoration but hey that's life!Also, the House of blues venue located next door has a bar and is a good place to see some local bands perform for free (providing you show the doormen your key!	
Feb 7 2007 	What happened?	Where to start? The hotel was the best in the city (rooms, bar, and staff), but they are going through a MAJOR overhaul right now. That place is gutted down to concrete, they've let go all of the great staff and I hear they are trying to make it into yet another W clone. I recognized a doorman and one concierge on my last stay - and I've been there at least twice a year since the place opened. The reason I stayed there instead of the Ritz - the staff. The doormen and front desk staff greeted me by name and I never had to wait a minute at the bar before my favorite drink was already in my hand. Even if this place looks ok when all of the renovations are over - without their staff, they've lost my business. I should've know when it stopped being a Loew's that it was all going downhill fast.	
Jan 7 2007 	Very comfortable stay	We've stayed at the House of Blues several times; it is a very comfortable hotel; especially the bedding. The colors in the room are a bit 'loud', but considering it's a blues hotel, it's appropriate. The TV's are out of date in some rooms; but there is a VCR and a nice stereo for use. The room service was good ($30 for breakfast, we split a meal); only complaint is that there is no coffee pot in the room; you must order room service or walk downstairs to Bin 36 for coffee to go.Bathroom is fine; no curved shower curtain rod; but clean and lots of shampoo, conditioner, etc. provided. Had a beautiful view of the Ford Towers and the canal.	
Dec 8 2006 	perfect!	We stayed 2 nights on the house of blues hotel in Chicago, and it was very good! Friendly staff, lovely interior, perfect location, and close to all the sights in chicago,and right next to all the stores on michigan avenue.. There was also a very good blues concert next to the lobby one night.. A bit expensive hotelbar but all in all a very good hotel that was just perfect for our visit to chicago.	
Oct 31 2006 	HOB Lobby Bar has comfy chairs music - perfect...	Actually I have not stayed at the House of Blues Hotel, but I visit the lobby bar every time I am in Chicago.... what a nice environment. Comfy chairs and couches in a Mediteranean? decor with some great live music most nights... I have introduced several friends for after work and late night drinks and they love it also. Don't miss it if you are tired of loud music and metal or wood chairs.... The seating is great for close conversation without having to talk across a table....Nick	
Oct 20 2006 	This hotel gave me the blues	The hotel is well located but is generally dark with a lack of amenities for guests. When there is a function the public bar gets very crowded.Most of the staff were fine, but not the receptionist. We pointed out there were incorrect charges on the bill which rather than apologise for she agued the case. eg a parking charge when we had no car.At our latest trip to Chicago we stayed at the Renaisance, which was worth the extra cost.	
Oct 18 2006 	House of Blues was great!	Stayed at the House of Blues while in town for the Rolling Stones concert. It was a great experience. The hotel was very cool. We loved the decor and the great vibe we got the moment we walked into the lobby. The staff was very courteous and very helpful. There is some loud construction going on next the hotel, but fortunately, our room was on the north side of the hotel and the construction is taking place on the south side. The only negative thing about our stay was the ice machine on our floor did not work. Not a big deal at all. We will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 11 2006 	good price lovely room would recommend	We stopped at this hotel on the 17th and 18th of September, we'd never been to chicago so wanted a hotel fairly central, its over looks the river and is a 5-10 minute walk to the magnificent mile. The room was large and clean and the decor as described on the hotel web site. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. When looking for a hotel we didn't want to pay a fortune but wanted a 3* or above hotel, we found that hotels in Chicago tended to be on the expensive side compared to other cities (Las vegas, New York, San fransisco).We paid £125 a night taking into account the other hotels we looked at we feel we had value for money and would recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 9 2006 	Great Location - Construction wasn't that bad!	I stayed in room #908 for three nights during a tradeshow at McCormick Place. The concierge Amy was terrific. I had to call her in advance of my trip to make some special transportation arrangements and she was all over my request and contacted me with frequent updates. The front desk was friendly and quick. My room was generously sized with a comfortable king size bed. Yes, there was construction but I didn't find it any more disruptive than regular city noise. In fact, I stayed in my room late one morning to finish a presentation and hardly noticed it. Terrific location with a VTK (Vong's Vietnam Kitchen) next door with fast take out service if you want something good eat but don't want to eat alone or order from room service.	
Oct 1 2006 	Geat Stay Friendly staff	We recently traveled to Chicago for the first time for a weekend getaway. We decided on the House of Blues Hotel because of location and reviews. We also wanted to go to the Gospel Brunch next door on Sunday. The hotel was booked full the night before, but they were still able to let us check in early. The staff was very friendly. The room was very nice and the bed was comfortable. The only downer to the room was the mini bar, which like all mini bars is way overpriced. When you pay that much for a room, they should just give youa bottle of water! The bathroom was fine, but the tub / shower was more of a shower. You would have to work hard to fit into the tub. It was 1/2 to 3/4 size. Everything else was good. The bell station was helpful and kept our bags while we looked around some more on Sunday. We had a great stay.	
Sep 26 2006	Never again	I was very disappointed in my stay here. Staff at the front desk was rude. When I called down for towels it took them 45 minutes to bring them up. The hotel is beautiful but that doesn't make up for the poor service!	
Sep 2 2006 	Good hotel good location	I love this hotel and we stay here often. However, since this is no longer owned by Loews Hotels, it is starting to show signs of wear and some of the amenities are not as plush as the Loews Hotels group.The staff is very accommodating and pleasant. The overall vibe of the hotel radiates 'cool.' It is dark and exotic. The regular rooms are small, the colors are loud, but it all seems to work and very comfortable.The hotel and rooms are spotless and odor free. The bedding is fabulous. The sheets are soft with a feather bed comforter. But as I said earlier starting to show signs of wear. The courtesy items in the bathroom are a nice touch, unexpected good quality, and they also supply q-tips and cotton swabs (left over from the Loews group). The bathrooms are big. Almost as big as the room.The mini bar is packed with everything imaginable, but on the pricey side. Room service is hit or miss on quality of food and expensive. It works if you are hungry and don't want to go out.The river north location is perfect. A short walk to State Street, North Michigan Avenue, theater district, and excellent restaurants. Forget Smith and Wollensky, not worth the high prices.The Kazbar serves up yummy cocktails and bar food. This is a great place to watch for famous people and musicians who may be appearing at the House of Blues concert hall next door. If you aren't a member of House of Blues Foundation room, you should be. The Foundation room private dining room menu and food is GREAT in Chicago.I highly recommend this hotel. One last thing beware of construction going on at the hotel. They are giving it a face lift. Lets hope the rooms are next before it goes down hill.....	
Aug 25 2006 	BEWARE!! CONSTRUCTION!!	We checked into the hotel around 11:30pm after being on the rode for 9 hrs. The front desk was easy to deal with, beautiful lobby. The bellman was great. We had a suite which was $400.00 a night. The room was nice could use a little updating but clean. We then ordered room service which was very good for being so late. Then it was off to bed, the beds were very comfortable, there was a cigarrette hole in the comforter but other then that the linens were clean and the pilows were nice. It seemed we would have a great sleep for are next day 12 hr. drive. WRONG!! We were woken up around 9:00am by the sound of Jackhammers!! Not one but many. They are working on a garage across the street and the noise is loud!! We could not fall asleep!! We did call down to complain and they did make it up to us. But It still did not help that we had such a long drive ahead. If you are going to book a room here be sure you call first and ask if there is still construction going on across the street!!!	
Aug 7 2006	Chicago- great place to visit	The location of the House of Blues Hotel was great- the room was a little small but very clean. When flying into O'Hare Airport I would recommend taking the CTA (the Chicago Subway) to the hotel. For $2.00 you can take the Blue Line to Clark and Lake Street- it takes about 35-40 min but it's alot less than a cab. We went to a Cub game at Wrigley field- great time- would def. recommend seeing a game if possible. Also walk to the Navy pier lots to do, from the Navy pier we took the water taxi to the Sears Tower- $6 ride on the Chicago river to the Sears Tower- we got to our destination while getting a scenic ride down the river. Must go to lunch at FOGO de CHAO (661 N LaSalle ST)- go for lunch b/c its alot less expensive- amazing food- (they give you 15 different types of meat where you can have as much as you want- unlimited sides and salad bar- lunch is $29 per person- dinner $49. Great place!	
Jul 26 2006 	A plus for decor and fun; C minus for service	We stayed at House of Blues in May.The Hotel is fun. The decor is Vegas light, the location is spectacular, and the rooms are big, bright and fun.The service was very mediocre for a Hotel in this price range. We arrived at 3:30 in the afternoon and our room was not ready for nearly 2 more hours. We weren't the only guests in this bind: the lobby was littered with clusters of folks waiting for their keys.The cab line out front was more chaotic than it should have been.	
Jul 19 2006 	Good Location Get a good deal though	I just stayed here with another couple for a long weekend from July 13-16. We arrived early, and the hotel was able to accommodate all of us in two rooms. The place is really funky with a lot of Cajun artwork and funky colors. We got a great flight+hotel deal on Orbitz, because otherwise I would have been mad if I had paid full price. I paid, on average, $170/night.LOCATIONThis hotel is in a GREAT location. It is within walking distance to the Navy Pier (15-20min), Mag Mile (5 blocks), and Pizziera Uno (the original restaurant to do Chicago-style pizza - 4 blocks). It is also only about 3 ½ blocks walk to the Red Line of the El, which is one of the main lines to take you to Wrigley Field, the Chicago Art Museum, Millennium Park, and more. Also, within this hotel, there is a fancy restaurant attached (Bin 36) open for B, L, and D and an upscale bowling alley/martini bar called 10 pin. There’s also the House of Blues for which the hotel is named. This hotel is in the middle of a bunch of other hotels (including the new Trump Hotel which is being constructed) so there is no view of anything except other hotels and parking ramps. Don’t stay here for the view. Stay here for the location.ROOMSThe windows actually open which meant that come outside noise could be heard. However, once we closed the heavy curtains, it was both dark and extremely quiet. The internal walls are thick and we didn’t hear a peep from the party going on across the hallway from us (phew). The rooms are small, however. We had an extremely small room. It was only enough to fit a bed. The television had to be placed on the side desk against the window instead of straight on so don’t plan on watching tv in bed!CRUNCHThere is a Crunch health club attached to the hotel. However, you have to pay $15 per day to use the facilities. There was only ever 1-2 people there every time I looked so they should really open it up to all guests.HANDY TIPS•There is a hairdryer in every room, but it is in the closet, so look for it there.•Call for turn-down service every night for a fun treat•Bin 36 has a coffee bar for a quick java or a muffin. It’s nice when you don’t have the time or money for a full breakfast•Want coffee in your room? Call the front desk. They’ll bring you a coffee maker and coffee free of charge.•The 6th floor of the hotel has a business center for all guests that has a table w/four chairs and internet service. There was never anyone there as far as I can tell and we played board games there.All-in-all, this hotel was not that memorable, but the location was great and I got a good deal so it was worth it.	
Jul 2 2006 	Pricey but thats Chicago	The hotel is located within a short walk of the river, the Magnificent Mile, and a train stop. Like any other big city hotel, the House of Blues is a bit steep. A happy hour for two people ran $62...probably $30 more than expected. Hotel is unique, and the workout area is an independent gym ($16 per day), but it is a full size, full service club. Parking is $34 a day and it can take 15 to 20 minutes for them to retrieve your vehicle. Overall it is a decent hotel, clean and centrally located, but at the price I would look to other options first.	
May 4 2006 	good location and price		
May 3 2006	Loved this place		
Apr 14 2006 	A fun place to stay		
Mar 10 2006 	HOB Hotel is a Must!		
Aug 12 2003	House of Blues Hotel adventure		
May 29 2003	Great hotel!		
May 22 2003	The best deal in Chicago!		
Apr 28 2003	Makin' me Blue		
Nov 9 2002	Don't bother		
Oct 18 2002	Apalling Service and Unsafe Atmosphere		
Jan 6 2009 	molto bello il sax hotel		
