Nov 7 2009 	Incredibly spacious rooms with kitchen fantastic downtown location - what's with lousy customer service!?	I was beyond impressed by how huge the suites were - our 2-twin-bed room had a suite with 2 sofas and tv, a dinner table, and a full-blown kitchen! I've stayed in Chicago in many hotels, and none of them offered anything like it, especially in this prime spot! On the downside, parking is a robbery in broad daylight, and customer service is non-existent. I'd forgotten my glasses on the bedside table, and called the desk several times to ask if they found them. No response. I ended up stopping by the hotel on the next trip to Chicago a week later, and spent an excruciating half-hour with an arrogant concierge who could not care less about anything. Only after the next shift arrived did the new concierge pop into the next room, which was lost-and-found, and sure enough, there they were, with the room number and date of my stay. Despite prime location and dirt-cheap pricing ($99 a night, on Travelzoo special), I don't plan to return.	
Nov 3 2009 	Good hotel let down by a couple of flaws	I stayed at the Seneca for a few nights at the end of a three week US tour. The hotel itself is in an excellent location next to the John Hancock Center, and although the decor is a little tired, it is clean. My room actually turned out to be a large suite with a living room and kitchen, so I was initially very pleased. However, the hotel loses a couple of stars because of some serious flaws.The first might seem trivial, but if you need to stay in touch for business, it's a serious issue: the poor internet service. The hotel is equipped with wi-fi, but coverage is poor. Whether or not you'll get a usable signal is entirely hit or miss; I couldn't get one and asked if I could move to a room that had better service. Unfortunately they couldn't give me another room until the next day, and even then couldn't guarantee I'd be able to get a signal. In the end, I had to go to the lobby every time I need to send or receive email. This wouldn't have been so bad if not for how crowded the lobby can get, and the resulting lack of privacy, combined with the fact that even though there is a strong wi-fi signal there, the hotel's own network either drops out or chokes traffic (I couldn't be sure which). This might not be an issue to many people, but in this day and age, decent internet access is expected by anyone travelling on business. There's really no excuse for providing such a shoddy service, and two stars are deducted as a result.The other drawback is the lack of a bar or restaurant at the hotel. Their website gives the impression that it has a total of three restaurants and bars, but the Saloon Steakhouse is a couple of blocks away, 200 East has closed down, and the Chestnut Street Cafe is simply a ruimentary cafe in the basement that closed after breafast. I was tired and hungry when I arrived at the hotel, and I was under the impression I could get a drink and some food without going far, but instead had to walk around in the rain trying to find somewhere decent.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great location! but do not make any phone calls ;(	My impression of the Seneca hotel was very good: staff was highly helpful, friendly and efficient, room was really big, with little kitchen, living room, 2 TVs, etc. the location, I don't think it can get any better! For shopping addicts, its in front of the Water Tower mall and seconds away from michigan avenue and all the other shops! Its also right next to the John Hancock observatory and close to many restaurants, such as the Cheesecake factory.One major black point in my trip was that i had the bad idea to make 2 long distance phone calls of 11 and 14 minutes each. Bill was unpleasant: $195 ! i mean, come on! it was just 2 calls, how can it possibly be so expensive! therefore, if you don't make any calls, you will be fine	
Oct 27 2009 	Great value - right in the heart	Wow - you really can't get much better of a value for the location, which is just off Michigan Ave. The room (suite) was clean, and the staff was helpful and nice. This is an old apartment building so it has a little different setup than your average hotel room. Although the exterior and interior (hallways) could do with a &quot;freshening up&quot; it didn't bother me once Isaw how much you get for the location. One word of warning, it cost me $48 to park per day. save yourself a few bucks and park a block or two away	
Oct 27 2009 	Great place to stay huge rooms	I had a great time as the Seneca. My room was more or less a suite, bedroom, bathroom and seperate lounge with a kitchen.Kitchen came with fridge, coffee maker, microwave, hob and dishwasher. Only made use of the first three, but it made the place feel like home being able to make myself a coffee.If you don't want to cook, theres a cafe in the basement which I used for breakfast (like the pancakes). Theres also a very good steak restaurant and bar.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great stay	We booked two rooms and paid in advance at really good rates.We asked for refurbished rooms and they were great____clean, spacious (smallish bathrooms), kitchen etc.The staff were all very good including Corey who helped with email advice prior to our arrival and the location can't be beat.I have stayed at several hotels in Chicago over the years but I would be quite happy to use the Seneca again and recommend it to friends.	
Oct 25 2009 	Fun In Chicago	Classy, clean, quiet, comfy bed and near everything. Yup, it was a block away from Michigan Avenue and across the street from the John Hancock Center. If you want to see the great view on top of the Hancock without spending any money, go to the bar and walk around the window. My room was 401 in the corner (bad view) far away from the elevator. It was a one room suite complete with a full freakin;' kitchen. I paid $139 plus about $20 in taxes per night in mid Oct. 09 but I was part of a wedding party. I think the regular rate for this room was higher. When I checked out, I left my bags with the concierge to be picked up later in the day. No charge. I remember in NY they charged me for this service and I complained about it.All in all this place is a winner.Hollywood Howie	
Oct 19 2009 	We will stay at the Seneca every time we come back to Chicago!	My family of three stayed at the Seneca Oct 16 - 18 and we were very pleased that it lives up to its great reputation. It is a beautiful old hotel, nicely updated and in a fabulous location. We had a King Suite that was clean, huge and well appointed. There was even a dishwasher! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. It is perfect for business or leisure travelers.	
Oct 16 2009 	The best place to spend a couple of days in Chicago	We booked 4 rooms at the Seneca to relax for a couple of days after a family wedding. The service from the moment we arrived was fantastic and 3 of us were incredibly lucky to be upgraded. The 4th room did have a problem after the first night, in which the heating didn't work! (it was colder than normal for chicago) We complained at reception and by 3pm that afternoon we had a new upgraded room. Everyone in the hotel couldn't do enough to help us and everyone in chicago is the same. The hotel in close to Macy's, John handcock tower and one block away from Michigan Ave (Golden Mile) We would recommend a 3 or 7 day pass on the CTA (buses, subway and elevated lines) The visitor information centre can be found the otherside of the water tower and you can pick up all the info you need and buy the passes. All 7 of us enjoyed our time at the hotel and Chicago and would go back again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Amazing price for the location	My initial impressons of the hotel weren't that great. When I pulled up in the cab, no bellmen came to help me with my bags, or even to open the door for me. Once at the front desk I was met by a disinterested and dour-faced front desk attendant. Luckily the hotel turned out to be better than those encounters would have led me to believe.It's right near the Magnificent Mile so it's in a great location for shopping and doing tourist stuff. The room itself was clean, but the furniture was older and a bit mismatched (which was fine with me). The point I'm trying to make is that while it's not slick and modern, it is perfectly comfortable. One guidebook I read described it as feeling like staying with your grandma (in a good way), and that's pretty spot-on. The one thing that I really didn't like is that there was no chain lock or deadbolt on the door. This made me feel less than secure.The thing that really bowled me over was the price - I couldn't believe what a bargain it was! I paid just over $100 with tax (booked through expedia) and this even included a decent breakfast at the downstairs restaurant. For the location and price, I think you'd be hard-pressed to find a better deal.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location value and spacious suites	I stayed here with 7 college friends - 3 in a suite, and 2 each in 2 double rooms. It was perfect! The doubles were comfortable, with kitchenettes, and the suite was spacious and well-appointed with a small but complete kitchen, dining table, desk, comfortable chairs and plenty of room to relax. Location was just off Michigan Ave. by Hancock Tower and Water Tower Place. Breakfast in the cafe downstairs was included. Couldn't have asked for a better place. Not luxe, but lovely.	
Oct 8 2009 	Everything you need in a prime location	This is an old apartment building converted to a suite style hotel. Some of the rooms have been updated, some are a bit antiquated, but the suites are huge and have a full kitchen and, best of all, down a quieter side street directly behind the John Hancock Building. It's a perfect location and usually much more affordable than the big chains or boutique hotels. I've been many times and consider it a hidden jewel.	
Oct 5 2009 	Awesome hotel with great prices	We just stayed for 2 night on the 14th floor, room 1414, 2 room queen suite. Wonderful stay. I read the mixed reviews and debated on this, but am so glad we took the chance and had a great stay! Room had full kitchen, including refrigerator, microwave, stove, full sink. Dining room with dining table, sitting room with couch, chair, love seat, desk and tv. Room was 2 queen beds and had another tv in it. Bathroom was small, but still nice and clean. Had a child that was sick and needed a rollaway bed, along with extra towels, the staff was very quick to accomodate us. Everyone was friendly. Location is perfect. Across the street from American Girl doll store, and the Cheesecake factory is also very close, and a good place to eat. We walked to the Navy Pier (about 25 mins) and had a good time there also. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 2 2009 	The Seneca Hotel is a first rate bargain!	The 2 double bed room we stayed in was described by the desk clerk, as one of the recently renovated rooms. I can't speak for the non-recently renovated rooms, so ask for one of the new ones. Our room included a tiny kitchen with stove, microwave, fridge, sink, dishwasher and basic dishes/utensils. Note that there are a couple of groceries with take out food, within walking distance. The bathroom was very clean and relatively new, and included a whirlpool tub that we didn't try out. Beds were very good. The (14th floor) room was quiet, and the hotel has a nice rooftop lounge area (in good weather). The location is totally excellent. It is only a 1/2 block walk to the free 96th floor lounge near the top of the John Hancock building. Another half block and you are on Michigan Av. The Museum of Contemporary Art is a block away, as are lots of shopping attractions. Almost forgot: rate includes a very decent eggs, hashbrowns, toast or pancakes, bacon/sausage breakfast, which will be boring after 4-5 days!	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Space with Dry Staff : (	I was really unsure about staying at this hotel because I wasn't use to stayin in a hotel that didn't have a new modern day comtemporay style to it. But my suite was so spacious and equipped with everything I was very satisfied with my choice. The only thing I wish I would have been better was the staff.. there really were dry and so disinterested that I almost thought about walking out. And I also notice that alot of older people stay at this hotel...But I am glad that I stayed, but this hotel would be fantastic if they could get some upbeat and courteous people to work for them.First time Traveler to The Seneca, Chicago	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent spot close to town	We booked this hotel with a very good deal through a discount website (can't remember which!). It cost about £60 per night, which is excellent value for this city location.When we arrived, we were upgraded to a suite - both the bedroom and the lounge/dining room were huge. We had a kitchen complete with oven, microwave, full-size fridge-freezer, dishwasher, toaster and coffee percolator. It even had an electric tin-opener! The suite was traditionally furnished, with a lovely dark wood polished dining table.The bath had a spa capability, although I didn't try this out, and we had two TVs, both with cable. There were lots of luxury touches.The staff were very helpful, and let us know on the first night that there were fireworks happening downtown. The room was cleaned well every day.On the downside, the whole hotel had the air of being a little shabby, as if it had seen better days, perhaps in the 80s. But with Wi-fi. Also, be aware that you have to pay for parking - about $35 per 24 hours - there are some other parking stations near by that are slightly cheaper, but not by much. It's not worth bringing a car if you can help it. Location-wise, it's close to Michigan Avenue, and about a 20-30 minute walk into the Loop district, or a very quick bus or train ride. I would definitely recommend it.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good hotel disinterested staff	A good hotel with a great location and great size rooms (massive!), the only disappointment was that the staff were the most disinterested I have ever come accross. The staff member who did our check-in barely looked at us and later in our stay this same person took a phonecall while answering a question I had asked. We had an amazing rate from Travelzoo that couldnt have been beaten ($79 per night!). I would stay again for the room, but not the service.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great hotel unbelievable price.	This hotel offers everything that any luxury hotel does, and I don't understand how they charge the low prices they do -- perhaps because it is privately owned and not a chain. Staff is more than nice -- on arriving they gave us an upgrade to a better room without our asking. Rooms beautiful. Best location possible. Quiet. Breakfast, internet, gym -- all included. Will stay here when I return to Chicago.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great hotel and staff for incredible value!	I don't normally leave reviews, but the staff was so great to me last weekend, that I really must. I was starving and running late on Saturday morning, a day after check-in, and they randomly knocked on my door and brought me two breakfast passes for a nice sit-down meal. They said I forgot to get them upon check-in. I didn't ask for them or call to the front desk, it was completely unaided, so I was amazed and quite thankful. They were patient with me on checkout times too. It's those little things that matter.The King Suite was huge, much bigger than the website shows. It's right on Michigan by the Hancock Tower. What a great deal and great stay.... thanks guys! Brad	
Aug 23 2009	Nice and Quaint...	I was in Chicago for the Chicago Human Rhythm Project and am part of a group that made reservations to stay the Seneca. It isn't directly in the middle of the city which was nice, and seems very upscale when you first walk into the lobby. It is a large hotel (17 floors) and has a very nice sunroof you can see the city from. From what I remember, it was not that expensive to stay at the Seneca. However, I would not recommend the restaurant they have there. My friends and I went for breakfast there one morning, and the staff was rude and didn't help us when we spilled our water. It takes a long time to get checked in here... they must have dinosaur computers. However, if I had to return to Chicago, I would have this as my first pick because of its cleanliness and elegance in the city.	
Aug 15 2009 	Loved it !!!	Wow....was I suprised after reading some of the &quot;not so good&quot; reviews on this site. I had booked a non refundable (great rate by the way) and was worried after I saw some of these reviews. I stayed at the Seneca for four days and what a treat it was. The front desk staff were friendly, accommodating and always smiling. The room we had was perfect size for the two of us and I found out later (I asked) was not a recently remodeled unit (which a manager gladly showed me a presidential suite...wow...beautiful) but we found it clean, comfortable and perfect for our getaway. Everyone we encountered from the housekeepers to the doormen, were friendly and helpful. We've already planned to include the Seneca when we return to Chicago next year (and we usually stay at the Drake).	
Aug 10 2009	Great value Great location but needs many facelifts on some things	Just spent a weekend with my mom on a mother daughter getaway and stayed at the Seneca. First let me say, this hotel is in a great location! The rooftop deck is very nice and what a wonderful part of the hotel to sit and relax at a table or a comfy lounge chair. A lot of pretty flowers too are a nice touch.We got a great value on this room becaue I booked it in advance back in February with an internet rate for $105!! So we were not expecting obviously a fancy room by any means. Our room was roomy and the beds were comfortable. Not sure though if there were other rooms that were more renovated but ours could use a lot of updating. The light switches in the bathroom were pretty dirty and we had to wipe them off, the bathroom door was even grimy as well. Two days in a row we left our room by 10 a.m. and put our &quot;Please clean our room&quot; sign on the doorknob and when arriving back to our room at 4 p.m. (being gone the whole day sightseeing as most people do) our room was still not cleaned. I mean- why still be cleaning rooms til 5 at night when that is when you come back to your room to get ready for dinner? They really need to improve upon that. Our chair in the room was a bit torn, the paint could be updated, and they need to really put a comfy sofa chair in the double bed rooms when there are two people staying in there. There is just one uncomfortable office chair. One more small issue was, when we requested more towels one day, it took an hour for those to be sent up to the room. Not sure why that would take so long?All in all, we would maybe stay here again... it was clean enough, a good value, comfy beds.. but I really hope if we do , we can request possibly a more updated room if they are available, or even just a bit cleaner and a new paint job.	
Aug 10 2009 	Stay anywhere else but here!	Beware of this hotel! Front desk clerks will say anything to appease your concerns and then do nothing. Operations manager was rude and condescending. Put us in a room right beside a smoking room (despite being assured prior to arrival that we had a nonsmoking room) then would not give as a comparable room away from the heavy smoke. Lineups long at front desk. Closets so musty we got stuffy noses. Safe needed to be repaired to work. No remote with tv, had to wait a full day to get one working. Never, ever enough towels, despite reminding staff there were four of us in the room. No shower caps. Insufficient mirrors. No room service after 2pm. No free business center to use internet. You will be aggravated and disappointed if you stay at this hotel. It is not worth any money at all.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Hotel with great location will stay here again	This was one of the better hotels I have stayed in while being on vacation. This was our first time in Chicago and we couldn't have picked a better place to stay. It was close to alot of places. We got free breakfast every morning at the Cafe downstairs. The breakfast was good. We had a king size bedroom. The room had a full size kitchen along with a dining area. We also had what seemed like a mini living room. The room was very comfortable for 4 people. I cant think of anything about the room that we didnt like. If we ever come back to Chicago for a vacation we will stay here.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great location	Staff was attentive, room was clean, had a great view from the 12th floor. Easy walk to food, shopping, etc. Be sure to try the flourless chocolate cake in the bar! Only complaint is the moody elevators.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Price...Great Location..Great Service.. Going back Again.	I recently stayed at the Seneca for 3 days. The hotel location is great. It's in quick walking distance to a playground which was perfect for my kid (2yrs old). You go one direction and your in the mix of the city, go the other direction and within 10 minutes you are on the water. Great location for the Summer fireworks and you can walk to the Pier and Millenium Park via by taking a quick walk on the lake walking/bike path. Only issue was there isn't much of a window view. That was a little disappointing but I rarely in my room so I didn't miss it much. Also the room is a modern as other hotels, but it's comfortable and big with plenty of room for luggage and kid gear. Also the kitchen came in handy since I didn't have time to always go out to get food. It was like having your own little apartment.	
Jul 29 2009 	Nice place to stay would highly recommend !	This hotel was a great deal. I went online to the hotel site and booked it for an amazing rate. I paid 76 an eve via travel zoo on the hotel site ! We stayed on the 4th floor. It was a nice room 2 double beds - but it was restored clean with marble and grantie,wonderful kitchenette with fridge sink and microwave with dishes. It had plenty of space for luggage for 4. My husband did complain he could not find a donut shop around for breakfast. In fact no dinners around to speak of ! He went to Starbucks in the Hancock building and paid 10 for 3 danishes which were ok. We did find a nice breakfast place in Bloomies mall which is less than 5 min away before leaving- looked good. We took a bus right in front of the Hancock building - (Seneca entry side) which leaves every 15- 20 min going to the Institue of Science and Industry. I think it was the number 8 - it says Insitute of Science Industry on it ? We were prepared to get a cab when I spoted the bus - what luck ! I bet a cab would of been 30 ea way ! The number 10 goes back every 20 min as well from ithe museum. It was long ride 40 min ea way - but way worth just paying 6.50 for the 4 of us! The CTA buses are great and airconditioned. The hotel is also directrly across the street from Watertower with the American Girl Store which my 7 year old loved. Oh - Giodannos pizza is very close. It is the BEST Chicago Pizza- very busy after 5 though. I would order the pizza ahead of time and them walk over. We ordered when we got there and waited 20 minutes to be seated and 5 more to eat. Michagan Ave is right there as is the Hershey Store and carriage rides with the old Watertower. I could go on and about what a great city and hotel. We parked next to the hotel in a parking garage. It was 34 for 24 hours instead of the valet fee of 48 for 24 hours !	
Jul 23 2009	Second time staying here	We stayed at this hotel a few years back and were very happy with it. So we were pretty excited to find a room for less than 100 bucks on travel ticker. So we booked it for July 19-21 for my family and another family for a mini getaway. I took the advice of the other reviewers and requested a newly renovated room. We did get one on the 6th floor which is where they are currently remodeling. This wasn't an issue for us since we were out and about all day and that was when the construction work was being done. The new rooms are great. New carpet. new paint, new trim, ect. Yes, the bathrooms are still small, but are done up very well. Marbel counter tops and a jet tub/shower. I did find that if shower in the morning when everyone else is the water was only luke warm. I showered in the afternoon and eveing and the water was very hot. The bedding was new and confortable. The bed was harder than I prefer but better than most hotels. We had two queen beds that were bigger than I had expected. One thing that I never had an issue with was the staff. Always friendly and very helpful. The maids told me good morning every time that I passed them in the hallways.  The location is great. One block from the Water Tower and the Mag Mile. Close to Lake Michigan and not too far from Rush Street. The sun deck is awsome. I was very impressed. The workout area was ok. I was dissapointed that the dumbbells only went up to 25 pounds. I would stay here again. Anything under $125 would be a great value for your money. When checking in I would ask a couple of questions. 1) What floor is the construction crew currently working on? 2) Can I have a newly renovated room?	
Jul 12 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with great location	I called three times days before our arrival to request an updated room, which they confirmed we were booked on the second floor with an updated standard room. Upon our arrival they had given our room to someone else. However, they upgraded our room to a suite that had not been updated. I was very disappointed until I saw the room. It was perfect, maybe not updated but very clean and very comfortable. The staff was very helpful, our only problem was the internet service. They claimed we were right around the corner from the server, but the internet was not consist and we kept losing a signal. The upper sundeck was relaxing and very well kept. The best was &quot;No Smoking&quot;. The location was outstanding, just one block from Michigan Ave and two blocks from Lake Shore Drive. I would definitely book another room at the Seneca	
Jun 29 2009 	Great hotel for travelers on a budget.	My two kids and I stayed at the Seneca Hotel and could not have asked for more for the money. At $99/night it may have been the best deal in Chi-town. The location was perfect and close to shopping, public transportation, and attractions. The hotel is old and a bit dated, but very clean and charming. The staff was courteous and knowledgable. The room itself was GIANT, and included a full kitchen with stove, refrigerator and microwave, and came stocked with dishes and cookware. We couldn't have asked for a better hotel experience!!!	
Jun 26 2009 	FANTASTIC Location and Huge Rooms	My husband and I stayed at the Seneca as he had a 3 day conference at the Merchandise Mart. I wanted a hotel that was close to attractions so I had something to do while he was working and was easy for him to get to and from the conference (it was a convenient $6 taxi ride).LOVED: The king size bed, it was so comfortable. The room was a great size. Basically a bedroom and sitting room. The room was clean and quiet.The location is phenomenal, a block away from the Magnificent Mile and main attractions. Across from John Hancock Observatory and Water Tower shopping plaza.What could have been improved: There was only one towel set when we arrived which I thought was odd especially as we booked a King size bed. They organized more towels so that wasn't a big deal. What I found 'interesting' was the electrics. I set the bedside alarm clock and then noticed it was flashing like it hadn't been set. I soon discovered that when I used the light switch I was also turning off the TV, clock and lights... I spoke to Front Desk and they said it was the same issue in all rooms.I'm not sure if our room (806) was renovated or not - it was definitely clean and tidy, but dated. The kitchen was convenient for reheating leftovers. Would I stay there again?? Maybe, but I may see if I can find a deal for a more upmarket / modern hotel in the future - but that's just my taste, the Seneca is still a great hotel in a perfect position.	
Jun 22 2009 	Top Notch	This was my first time staying here and it was the best. The staff were very helpful and knowledgable. Our room wasn't ready when we checked in so they upgraded us to a king suite that had a living room, dining room, full kitchen and bath, king bed and 2 walk-in closets. It was fabulous! It was a great location. I would definately stay here again!	
Jun 17 2009 	this hotel provides terrific value for the price with great location	Our travel agent booked the hotel for us for a very reasonable price.When we arrived, we were upgraded to a very large suite with every amenity. The location was terrific--just behind the Hancock Tower. We walked everywhere. A hot breakfast was included which came as a surprise since the rooms had kitchenettes.All the employees that we dealt with were very pleasant and accomodating.Some could be more aware of things relating to Chicago, however, like Arlington Race Track. Overall, we had a great time at a very great located hotel.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Room for a Great Price	We stayed in a suite with wonderful furniture and only paid $119. The Seneca staff was incredibly kind and helpful and the location was great (close to everything, yet quiet). The kitchen and bathroom weren't anything fancy, but they were clean and efficient. This is a great place for kids that need more room than the average hotel has to offer. Be sure to check out their rooftop deck too, it was wonderful!	
Jun 1 2009 	Average Hotel; Great Location	After staying at the Seneca Hotel I have determined that the seemingly inconsistent reviews on this site are accurate. It appears to me that the traveler's perception of this hotel entirely depends upon whether they receive a &quot;recently renovated&quot; room versus an &quot;un-renovated&quot; room. Despite requesting a &quot;renovated room&quot; my wife and I as well as another couple stayed in a room that has been &quot;renovated a couple of years ago&quot; according the front desk. The room as it turned out must have been renovated a decade ago due to the fact that it had many flaws including: an ill-fitting front door (which like one of the pictures uploaded on this site had a gap at the top), plaster missing on the walls, a very musty smell, beds that must have been filled with cinder blocks, bed sheets that must have been filled with dust mites or some other infectious substance that made my wife's eye infected and a bathroom a bit larger than that found on an airliner. On the positive side, the location of the hotel is outstanding, in that, it is in the shadow of the Hancock Building, across the street from Water Tower Place and a block away from the Museum of Contemporary Art. Also positive: the room was a suite with a full kitchen and dining area which was roomy for the four of us; the room had two walk-in closets which was more than enough space for four people's luggage; once I reminded housekeeping that we had four guests in our room they made sure that we had additional towels in our bathroom; the valet service (while very expensive at $48 per night) always had the vehicle sitting out front in a very timely manner; and the Wi-Fi was free and worked beautifully the entire time.Some tips: make sure that you request (or insist on) a &quot;recently renovated&quot; room, check out the rooftop deck on the 18th floor and go to Ditka's restaurant which is two blocks west on Chestnut St.	
May 29 2009 	Not Exactly The Right Place to Stay	Has a bit of character - not much, but some - but after my wife and I checked in, we went to our room, I lay down to catch a nap after a two and half hour flight, early morning, and there's NOISE. They're -renovating- above us. What? Is that normal? I've never stayed at a hotel like this - I called the front desk. What they told me: &quot;it'll be done at 4&quot; - I don't recommend the Seneca. Bottom line, I was astonished when I set down to rest and there's a jackhammer upstairs...is this the NYC in the 90's? Since I've never heard of this kind of thing - renovating while guests are staying and intruding on their paid-for right to reasonable peace and quiet (if that's debatable, I don't care to discuss it) I had to say &quot;no&quot; to the Seneca. There's a first for everything. The service was fine, although one our faucets broke while we were there - they fixed it within minutes - and the maid service was unobtrusive, consistent, and timely. But the renovation situation. It'll be done at 4.	
May 18 2009 	Great hotel!	I read reviews for the Seneca online and found the lowest rate on their website--$111/night for 3 nights (5/14-17). I was a little hesitant after reading some of the negative reviews but I figured for the price and given the great location, any hiccups would be worth it. We arrived right around 3 p.m. (checkin time) on Thursday and were greeted by very friendly/helpful front desk staff. When we got to our room we were blown away. It was basically a small one bedroom apartment. There was a living room with a small desk, sofa, coffee table, and chair. Then there was a seperate dining room with a dining table and 4 chairs. The most surprising part was the full sized kitchen with a fullsize refrigerator, sink, stove, microwave, and dishwasher. The only thing that was on the small side was the bathroom but it was no biggie because everything was new and really nice. The location is definitely the best part about the hotel and I would recommend this place to anyone!	
Apr 16 2009 	Fantastic Location!	Three of us stayed two nights in April. From the moment we checked in, we were treated respectfully and the staff had great attitudes. We paid $140 for our first night which was booked the day before, and our second night included the parking package so it was $191. The second night was booked several months before via TravelZoo. Our room was a suite with two queen beds. Although some of the furnishings were a little outdated, the suite was extremely comfortable and roomy. We had full kitchen facilities had we wished to cook any of our meals. We were able to entertain friends who met us in the city. The hotel is directly behind the John Hancock Building and is one block off The Magnificent Mile and centrally located to the museums and everything you could possibly wish to do.	
Apr 8 2009 	Verycentralcleancomfortablefriendly staff- great value!	Really enjoyed my stay at the Seneca, was apprehensive after reading other reviews but really rate this hotel. Staff very helpful &amp; friendly- located near the John Hancock,michigan ave- near all the main attractions.....i did contact the hotel &amp; got a newly renovated room. The bed was very comfortable and the room a decent size. We did eat in the steakhouse- a steak cost $30 dollars - no veg etc all side dishes are extra... expensive for what we got.	
Apr 7 2009	We Stayed at Seneca over the new year / And I booked a work trip - Business trip bad	The hotel is older. I had booked a group for work here in October. For our New Year's trip i did get a good deal - $89 so I should not complain too much. The room my husband and I shared was quite dated. Peeling paint, the bathroom fixtures we old - and it seemed to need of repair. The location is great! For this reason, I liked this hote. When I stayed in October (work group) and also over new years, there was an issue with the heat. Too much of it. There were signs posted in the elevator about opening of the windows in your room, and not to do it. In Ocotber, while alone, I DID open my windows - and there are NO SCREENS. But it was SO HOT. Crazy hot. It was also warm over New Years and we also opened the windows. It was so hot.. to the point of sweating. If I got a deal again, I would stay here. I would not spend over $100 a night. When I booked the work group - I believe it was $149-$169 I don't remember.... but what I do remember is that upon check in of the work group - they charged the credit cards for the full trip at the time of check in. I thought that was odd. There was about 2 or 3 that checked out early - and although I let them know in advance - it took 2-3 weeks after me contacting them to get the credit. ALSO, the business facilities are BAD. I had to use their &quot;business center&quot; to print some documents out of my email - I had to print 10 copies of about 4 or 5 email attachments. Nightmare. They charge per page to print. The printer quit working. No phone in the business center. I had to use my cell phone to call hotel front desk. The front desk person came - to no avail. I had to then forward MY emails to the PERSONAL email of the front desk person - she then printed them out. I was not comfortable in forwarding - but at this point had no choice. I then had to wait about 30 minutes for them to be printed. It cost me about $50 to use their &quot;business center&quot;!	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Location and Friendly Staff	My girlfriends and I decided on a last minute trip to Chicago to celebrate her stag. I've booked Seneca through Cheaptickets.com at 129/night USD. It was very cheap price, since there were 5 of us. When we got to the Hotel the room I booked could only sleep 4 people, but then I only booked for 4 (one of the girls came with us last minute). I've asked at the front desk (Matias, very nice Polish gentleman) if we could change the room and get an extra bed. They gave us a Deluxe Room with kitchen at no charge. I thought it was very nice of them, since it's all last minute. There were some women complaining at the front desk, they ordered a Deluxe Room over the phone for 5 and got a very small room. I figure there is no point in flipping out at the reception staff, since they are in no control of what the reservations are doing.Ok, so here it is. The rooms are small, since the Hotel is older and was build in the 20's. Also, the rooms are not Trump Tower rooms, since the price you pay for it is not over $300. The washroom is small, but it is somewhat clean. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I will definitely come back with my husband and kids in the summer. Ohh btw, Chicago is called the windy city for a reason. It's cold and windy, the time of the year we chouse totally wasn't the best. If I come back it will be in the summer..lolHotel location is perfect, if you are not in Chicago to shop for bargains. There is lots of Resto's around, lots of Starbucks places and a grocery store down the street. Be very careful of the taxi drivers, they try to take you on a scenic route.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great experience at the Seneca!	I read all of the negative Seneca reviews and almost backed out, but the great internet deal I received was too good to pass up. The majority of the reviews were positive so I thought the odds of a good stay here were in my favor---they were. Everything about my stay was first-rate. I stayed in an updated room on the eleventh floor, which was nice, clean, quiet, spacious and very comfortable. No problems at all with the hot water. The staff was very friendly, helpful and courteous. The location is ideal. I'll definitely stay at the Seneca again!	
Mar 21 2009 	Stay here if you want a nice hotel in a perfect location	I stayed at the Seneca for 7 nights. I loved it right from arrival to departure. I had a 1 bed king suite on the 17th floor. It wasn’t one of the refurbished rooms, but it was still lovely. I had read reviews that some of the rooms were a little dated, but this was perfect and I would think it could even be rated higher than a 3 star. It had a nice little kitchenette with everything you could need while on vacation, a walk in robe, separate living room, and large bedroom. Oh, not to mention free wireless internet access. The staff were so polite and helpful, and the location (right next to the John Hancock Center and diagonal to the Water Tower shopping mall) was second to none. If I were to return to this magnificent city, I would definitely stay at the Seneca. Thanks for a great stay Seneca – keep up the excellent work.	
Mar 7 2009 	Forget Hot Shower	Just 1 block off Michigan Ave, perfect location. I had a very spacious 1 bedroom suite. Hot water in the shower is a problem, you have to let the water run for 45 minutes ( I timed it) before you will get hot water. I ran the water as soon as I got up, by the time I was done with breakfast, the shower was ready. Parking next to the hotel cost $32 for 24 hours.	
Feb 23 2009 	If you like haunted houses you should stay here	My fiancee and I stayed here over the weekend as part of a birthday/romantic weekend trip we were taking away from home. We got a good deal with a gift certificate she won a couple of months before so we didn't pay that much and we figured that the location was so perfect (one block from all the Mag Mile stuff) how bad could it be?In a word, bad. This place was probably the most run down hotel I have ever seen. I found out when we were checking out that the hotel is an old shabby apartment that they are fixing up a little bit at a time. We got the part that hadn't been fixed up yet. The best way I could describe it would be; if you remember the first apartment you moved into after you left college, this place is just like that but with all your grandmother's furniture in it. The fixtures are cheap and ancient, The cabnets and dressers were low quality, didn't work and were falling apart, all the doors and windows looked like they were on their 100th coat of paint and were ill fit. Basically a dump that got cleaned up a little bit more than usual. The worst part was you could see where they made repairs and the work that they did was HORRIBLE.If you combine the overall state of the room with the decor it was like you were the person who moved into the Adams Family mansion just after the realtor cleaned up all the cobwebs.Needless to say there wasn't any romance about the place and when my fiancee refused to take a shower in the morning because she was too creeped out we decided to check out instead of staying the extra night. The gentleman at the front desk explained that about half the rooms have been completely rehabbed and are nice but when those are taken they give out the old rooms. We got an old one. Good thing we got a deal.	
Jan 23 2009 	don't count on sleep...	I don't know if its because I paid a cheap price on orbitz or what but this hotel is HORRIBLE. I state IS because I'm currently on my first night here. I had to call down because I could hear the entertainment from the bar at 11 on a Thursday night, THEN i discovered I didn't have noisy neighbors, but my room is next to the laundry/BREAKROOM!. I called (@ 2 in the morning - I'm currently awake) to see if I could change rooms and the front desk person stated, &quot;I'll make a note of it and see.&quot; OH, and the sheets are so cheap, I have to lay one of my tee-shirts over my pillow because they are so rough on my face. DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL.	
Dec 27 2008 	Senseless to stay elsewhere	Considering the proximity of the Seneca with Water Tower Place, the Hancock building (and Cheesecake Factory) and 900 shops (all within a block and a half on Michigan) there is nowhere else that is closer. If you just have to have THE finest, then don't stay here, go to the Omni or the Sheraton and pay out the wazoo. But if you are looking for a bargain look no further. Some will complain about this place no matter what. Either they went into the deal wanting to complain and didn't even ask for anything to be corrected OR they always pay top dollar for the very best, even though they could have gotten it for half the cost at a discount store. (but wouldn't be caught dead in a Walmart)The Seneca is in a state of renovation. An older 17 story apartment building that the owners are overhauling a few rooms at a time. If you aren't happy with the room you get just ask for a different one. I asked some questions and they gave me keys to five rooms to pick the one I liked best. As this building is not one of the standard cookie cutter hotels, the differences in rooms are tremendous, so don't give up until you are HAPPY! That's the way they want you. So if you aren't happy, it will be your own fault unless, of course, you are one of those mentioned above who basically enjoys complaining.Bedrooms in the suites either come in a single King or double Queens. I found that most Queen suites were nicely renovated, but some Kings not quite as nice so far in the renovations. A group of us go to Chicago for a business/shopping trip every December for 4 nights. In staying at several differing hotels over the past 8-10 years, this was the first time my wife didn't mind laying around in the room. She didn't leave the room at all one day. Hugh bedroom, full living room with dining area and full kitchen complete with microwave, full sized stove, dishes, silverware, glassware and cooking stuff. (It even had a dishwasher)I'm not telling all the little secrets here because you will know where the plums are and may be there before me next December.Clean, somewhat dated, but in a charming way. Wonderful staff and we get a hugh suite (about 900 sq ft) at less than half the cost of a single room at the next best place we've found.If I had any beef at all, it would be about the quality of the furniture and TVs. And I am sure they will upgrade in time. But needless to say, we will look no further from here on out. It will only get better with time.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Location Friendly Staff	This hotel is an excellent choice for a shopping trip to Chicago or to go to downtown shows. It is next to Water Tower Place and a block and half from Michigan Avenue. The hotel is older but very well kept up and some rooms have been renovated. We got lucky and got a three room suite on the 16th floor for the bargain rate. The staff was quite friendly considering how cold it was in Chicago the day we were there. If you want to spend a lot a time in the hotel, I suggest another place, but if you want a nice clean, convenient hotel, this one is good.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Value	We were in town for a wedding in the family. The family chose the Seneca. Instead of booking through the hotel, we found a rate on Travel Zoo for $99 a night. After reading the reviews, I was dreading the possibility that we had made a bad decision.As long as you are not expecting a world class hotel, The Seneca provides a great value.CHECK-IN---We had an early flight and arrived 4 hours prior to check-in. The front desk staff was a bit distant, but not rude. Surprisingly, we were given keys to our room and allowed to check in early.ROOM- The King Suite was huge (it was formerly an apartment as the hotel was built in the 1920's--Layout included a full-size, but narrow kitchen with a built in dinette, dining room with table for 4, living room with TV, seperate large bedroom with king bed and TV, coat closet, walk-in closet in living room, large walk-in closet with safe, small bathroom with small tub/shower.FLAWS--Don't expect the Hyatt Regency, the room did have cracks in the bottom of the sink, some chipped paint on the mirror on the medicine cabinet, missing molding under the sink, etc. However, I am a big stickler for a CLEAN ROOM and the shower, carpet, bedding, etc were all clean. For the value, I can overlook wear and tear if the room is kept up. Our keys did have to be reset after normal check-in hours the first day. The water temperature did change in the shower, but not too a scalding hot or freezing cold level.LOCATION--Especially for shopping, you are not going to get a better location for the value. The hotel is directly behind the Hancock Tower (new Best Buy flagship store in the works, Cheascake Factory as well), It is adjacent to the Water Tower Place which includes Macy's, American Girl, and an indoor mall. It is less than a block down Michigan to the 900 shops which include a mall and Bloomingdale's. The rest of Michigan Ave. is a short walk away. There is also a market for food purchases in the basement of a building one block away. The Museum of Contemporary Art and a small park are two blocks away and Lakeshore Drive and Lake Michigan are 4 blocks away.SAFETY--We never felt unsafe in the hotel. The area outside is friendly (There's a Ritz Carlton in the Water Tower Place and a Four Seasons on the other side of the Hancock Tower. There is a key card access required to access the elevators from the lobby area. Additionally, the in-room safe is a plus.OTHER--There is a small fitness center on the 18th floor with cardio machines, dumbbells and a universal machine. The rooftop patio was closed for the season.I enjoyed previous stays at the Hyatt Regency, Marriott, Hilton, and Hampton Inn in Chicago. However, if you are looking for a value, consider The Seneca.	
Nov 30 2008 	good location	hotel was in a good location, room was huge and for chicago hotels it was reasonably priced	
Nov 25 2008 	Good Hotel Good Location	The Seneca Hotel was a good choice for a downtown Chicago hotel. The room was clean, and the kitchen in the room was good for bringing food back to the hotel. The location of the hotel is excellent, just across the street from the John Hancock center and located right downtown. Overall, pretty good hotel, and excellent locatio and value for a downtown hotel.	
Nov 10 2008	i wouldn't stay here again	hallway was poor lit. someone was in my room and left the tv on. i didn't feel safe being there. the lobby was to small. they didn't even have a public restroom. i wouldn't stay here again,	
Nov 3 2008	cheap and shows it	First, the positive--The Seneca is in a great location,we had a very large, clean suite with bedroom, living room, dining table and full kitchen (which we didn't use). Negatives--Thin, skimpy towels and not enough for 2 people. Bathroom was tiny, plastic sink had multiple cracks and water pressure was very low in shower. AC had already been turned off for the entire hotel and the weather was warm. As a result, the room was hot and we had to open windows --which didn't help much. Street noise because of open windows. The bed was hard as a board, which made sense as there was a board built into the box spring! Pillows flat and worn. No black out drapes and some blinds were ripped and broken. Worst of all, the room and overheated hallways reeked of sweet -smelling sachet/air freshener/ cleaning fluids which was cloying and very unpleasant. There is no excuse for any of this, regardless of price. Management should get their act together and spend some money on amenities instead of the doorman's spiffy uniform.	
Oct 21 2008 	The Seneca was AWESOME!	I planned a girls' trip to Chicago for myself, my 64 year old mother, and my daughter who is 7. I did a lot of research before I decided to book the Seneca. I found that for the money this was the best deal. I was leary at first due to negative reviews that I read on Tripadvisor and to be honest I almost cancelled. I am so glad that I didn't! This hotel was awesome! We stayed in room 308 which was a deluxe queen suite. The furnishings were great. There was one and a half baths, an ample dining room, a desk for your laptop, a great seating area with new flat screen TV and a huge bedroom with 3 closets and another flat screen. The kitchen even had a dishwasher and was perfect to bring home that huge Chicago pizza we couldn't finish at the restaurant. We put it in the fridge and was able to heat up the next day in the microwave for lunch. The staff was very helpful. They booked us a boat ride on the Windella and gave directions and maps to everywhere we wanted to go. The doormen always got the door for us and hailed us our taxis. We used the valet parking which was $46 a night, but hey, you're going to pay that much at any hotel in downtown Chicago and pay more for your room. And talk about LOCATION! One block from Water Tower Place (which is must for any girl who loves American Girl like my 7 year old), John Hancock building was steps away as was the Cheesecake Factory and the Magnificent Mile. I would absolutely stay here again, as a matter of fact my husband and I are already planning a couples getaway to the Seneca in Chicagoland!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great stay at the Seneca	We just returned from Chicago and had a wonderful three-night stay at the Seneca. I have to admit that even though I got a great deal on a king suite ($109/night) and queen suite ($129/night) through a TravelZoo offer, I was a little hesitant about booking at this hotel after reading mixed reviews.Much to our delight, our fears were unfounded when we arrived. Although we had requested rooms on high floors, when we arrived the only space available with the two rooms we booked was on the second floor. However, we quickly got over that disappointmet when we saw the rooms. Both looked as if they had been fairly recently updated. The huge open living room/dining room space, with full kitchen and a bath and a half was perfect for our three girls who shared a queen suite with their grandmother. The king suite we had was superb! I think we may have received an upgraded room, since we requested both rooms on the same floor. Ours was a corner suite that in addition to the above listed amenities also had its own washer and dryer. Not that we really used the kitchen or laundry, but it was nice to have both.The one feature that prevented me from giving this hotel five stars was the fact that our room was directly over the bar/lounge area. And while live entertainment is probably appreciated by the bar patrons, it was a little noisy when trying to sleep at 1 a.m. However, we forgave that distraction quickly because we really did want to be part of the active Chicago scene :) Our location also afforded that feature, being steps away from the Hancock Center and Michigan Avenue. Our girls especially loved being just across the street from the American Girl Store, too!Overall, I would certainly recommend this hotel to friends and family and we will stay here again if/and when we return to Chicago.My advice to anyone who isn't satisfied with their room - request a different room. We found the hotel staff to be very pleasant and willing to accomodate our wishes when possible. For the price and location, this place is great!	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Hotel...great location	After reading the reviews about the Seneca hotel and the staff my husband and I were expecting the worst. Thankfully that was not the case for us. Upon our arrival we were greeted by the Doorman and Valet. Both of them were very courteous. We used the hotel valet parking for the convenience. Driving in downtown Chicago is quite an experience. The Bellman helped unload our luggage and waited for us to check-in. There was no line to check-in. We were assigned a double suite on the 9th floor. Our suite was very spacious and clean. We knew the Seneca is an older hotel so we didn't expect to find brand new furnishings, etc. (If we were wanting/expecting brand new fancy accommodations we would have chosen a more expensive hotel to stay at.) The living/dining room was very spacious. The kitchen was clean and had everything we needed. The bedroom was huge and the suite had 3 closets with plenty of hangers. The bathroom was small but we didn't come to Chicago to spend alot of time in our hotel bathroom. The rooftop deck had great views. We asked the front desk for the visitors kit but were told they were no longer available. She did give us other brochures/magazines that had plenty of tourist info, including the ever important map of downtown. We did have dinner at the Saloon Steakhouse and lunch at the Cheesecake Factory. Great food. Great Service. Be prepared to do alot of walking so wear good shoes. Overall, our trip to Chicago was great and I would stay at the Seneca Hotel on our next trip to Chicago.	
Oct 7 2008 	Nice European feel....in the beginning...	We were in Chicago for two nights. The proximity to Michigan Avenue was paramount in chosing this location. We found the hotel to be charming, reminding us of ones in Europe. Small lobby with helpful staff. Our room was a suite with a kitchen and two full size beds. Clean, well appointed. Breakfast in the Chestnut Street Cafe was very good although the staff seemed to be overwhelmed. It took a long time to have our order taken and even longer for the food to be brought out.We traveled to Michigan from there for a wedding. Upon returning to Chicago and the hotel, we were crammed into the sorriest excuse I've ever seen for a room, or should I say storage closet. Tenth floor, no kitchen (which wasn't an issue), just a dorm size refrigerator, a microwave, and a coffee maker. The carpet was worn through in several places. The worst part was the bathroom! It must have been a closet in a previous life as you had to almost back in to reach the toilet in the corner....and then sit sideways! It was wedged in between the sink and a closet. There was no light over the sink, and the light in the bath/shower consisted of a bare bulb. Not the safest thing to see over your head as you are washing your hair!It seems the Seneca has lots of business travelers and was quite busy while we were there. I don't know why a situation like this would not be addressed. I can honestly say that I would think twice before staying here.	
Sep 19 2008	Another superb stay	We were in town on business, and couldn't resist the pleasure of Chicago as well, and stayed in a two queen suite. The full kitchen, stove with oven and dishwasher included, was terrific, the dining area and living space comfy, the bedroom and bath more than adequate. There were three ladies with PLENTY of room to share. The location to the Miracle Mile, Water Tower, Oak St. beach and transit couldn't be beat. The staff was friendly and quick to assist. We are already making plans for a long weekend and bringing more friends.	
Sep 18 2008 	Avoid!!!	A friend and I chose this hotel for a weekend getaway from a Travelzoo offer. Judging by the pictures on this website we decided to book. BOY were we wrong! The ENTIRE staff is rude and inconsiderate. Our room was filthy and run down. It looked nothing like the pictures. (see mine) Our airconditioning broke in the middle of the night. Once calling maintenance (the next day - and the only nice person we were in contact with) he decided that our ancient thermostat needed to be on HEAT and turned up to 90 for the AIR CONDITIONING to work? The vent wasn't attached to the ceiling correctly. The bathroom tiles were all cracked. The toilet seat needed replaced. The window and sills were disgusting. We were supposed to have a hairdryer - it was missing from the wall. Our kitchen disposal needed cleaned out. And the list goes on and on.We were pleased with the close proximity to the John Hancock building and Mag mile - but that is the only thing they have to offer. I have gone back to Chicago once since my stay at the Seneca and found a MUCH nicer hotel for a comparable price. If you are looking for a hotel in Chicago - avoid the Seneca!!!	
Sep 15 2008 	Good hotel for the price near Water Tower Place	We stayed one night at the Seneca in September 2008. We had paid attention to the deals on the internet and booked signicantly in advance for a $109 per night room rate for a king room. We arrived a little early for check in and our room was not ready so we checked our bags with the bellhop and went about our day. When we finally arrived back, the desk staff was friendly and got our room quickly. Check out was equally quick, with the bellhop holding our luggage for the afternoon until we left in the early evening. Our room was actually a large suite, with separate sitting area, little dining room table, full kitchen area complete with stove, refrigerator, dishwasher and dishware. However, the hotel is a little older and it shows. The furniture and carpeting were a littlle dated as was the bathroom and kitchen, but everything was clean and functional. A 19 inch TV in the huge sitting room seemed a little small, but we weren't really there to watch TV. Please note that not all rooms were of this nature. Our traveling companions paid the same rate and had two double beds. The room half the size of ours and was a bit cramped for more than 2, but it also had a kitchenette set up. It would have been 3 star rating if we would have had that room. We only had drinks at the hotel bar, so we can't really comment on the restaurant facilities, but the service was not particularly speedy.Overall for the $109 price, the Seneca was a bargain for the location.	
Sep 13 2008 	Everything was Charming!	We absolutely loved The Seneca! We arrived around 8:00am at Union Station and took a taxi to our hotel (10 mins max and $13 taxi with 2 people, $1 gas surcharge &amp; tip). We arrived at the beautiful hotel and had them hold our luggage while we went out for the day – very friendly and courteous staff! When we arrived back at the hotel they brought our luggage directly to our room. We also had them hold our luggage the day we were leaving (at 8:00pm), and when we came back to claim our luggage, they brought it directly to the taxi.LOCATION -Location is superb! It is literally located across the street from the John Hancock building. This was extremely convenient for several reasons: we had purchased the multi-day trolley/double decker bus pass, which one of the stops is at the John Hancock. We walked just 3 minutes to the bus stop and hopped on. Also, the morning we visited the John Hancock, we only had a short walk, got their at time of opening, and had absolutely no wait at all. (It was also cool to be able to see our actual hotel ROOM from the John Hancock Observatory.) The John Hancock also has the Cheesecake Factory, which didn’t close until 11:30pm - great cheesecake to close out your night.The Seneca is also within walking distance to Navy Pier (about 1 mile). It’s a nice walk down Lake Shore Drive , you cross under the street with an underground walk-way (well lit, not scary or creepy). On the other side, you walk along the beach of Lake Michigan where plenty of people are swimming, biking, jogging, and having a good time. It’s one block east from Michigan Ave. , you can walk right down the Magnificent Mile (and there are other bus stops on Michigan Ave. , too, which was convenient for us).HOTEL –In the lobby, I saw an award the hotel had won for something like - Best renovations for a hotel built before 1920. So, apparently, the hotel is older, but the only way you can tell is in the classical design and details of the lobby and halls which gives this hotel a lot of charm! I thought the “letterbox” was very cool!Don’t miss the Sundeck on the “18th” floor. Depending on which elevator you get on, you take the elevator to floor 17 or 17(a, I think it was), then walk up the stairs to the 18th floor. There is a small workout room and then a door to the sundeck. The sun deck was very clean with great buildings/architecture to the south and a view of the John Hancock to the west. There was also a soda machine on this floor.ROOM –Our room was incredible! I booked a “One Bedroom Suite” (for SUPER CHEAP) on Orbitz.com. You walked into a living room with large windows, couch, TV, coffee table, chair, and desk with chair. There was a full kitchen with full refrigerator/freezer (with ice cube trays), stove/oven, microwave, table/2 chairs, dishes/silverware, all very clean.There was a doorway that separated the living room from bedroom. The bedroom was very spacious with King size bed and plenty of room on both sides of bed, chair, armoire w/ another TV, dresser and walk-in closet with plenty of shelving, hanging space, safe, and additional pillows/blanket. The bathroom was pretty typical, clean, very hot water, and plenty of towels and toiletries. I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Sep 13 2008 	Much more than I expected...great night stay	My friend and I stayed here just one night Sept. 2. Wished so much our time and budget allowed us a 2-3 night stay in Chicago, because this was a great room to come &quot;home&quot; to for the night and a great price from Travelocity. I booked the room, which was a basic 2-bed deluxe, the night before we left Indianapolis. It came to only $125.00 the night with taxes. The room was very adequete having gotten the top floor and although we didn't need it for only one night, I was amazed at the general size of the room, the huge 3 closets, and the mini-kitchen which came in handy in the morning for coffee and our left-over pizza from Pizzaria Due! The location is awesome as out last stop that night after a LOT of walking that day was the Hancock Observatory that night. Then I relaxed in the jacuzzi tub to heal my worn feet. It was such a great deal and room that I only wished we had another day or two. Only one night, I can't think of any cons except that maybe the afternoon front staff and front bellmen either had no welcome or fairly dull in enthusiasm, but this was very minor. But that room, location, and that price from Travelocity made for a great night stay! Check out the rooftop patio!	
Sep 7 2008 	Good Bargain/But there are issues	I booked a huge 1 Bdrm suite through Travelzoo for $110/night, which included free wifi. Reviews had me &quot;concerned&quot; mainly about the condition of the rooms. But I must say the room was in great condition and HUGE! There was some wear and tear, but nothing that was worth noting. Here are the pros and cons:Pros:Price - nothing in that area comes close to a huge 1 Bdrm suite for this price. Huge bedroom, living area with desk, big dining area with true dining room table, and a niced size kitchen. lots of closets, bathroom IS small, but plenty of counterspace all the same, also a jacuzzi tub.Location - Can't be beat for the price.Maid service was A-1 and really polite and cheerful.Cons - STAY AWAY from any of the staff in the lobby. If you need any help whatsoever, you will be in deep [--]. They are at best inept and they simply do not care about your stay. That is a fact. From the front desk to the front door, the staff are all about their issues and not yours. So if you can manage the trip without them, you'll do fine. Also, there are issues with getting hot water. Front desk told me to let the faucet run for 15 minutes. WTF???? I told them maybe they would like to explain this to the board of health. They called an engineer, but nothing ever happened. I was way too busy for my trip to stop and complain. So, I let the faucets run for 15 minutes. Another plus is the cafe in the basement, not much on ambiance, but they serve a really good breakfast menu all day long (I like to sleep late, so this was a MAJOR plus) and reasonable prices. I had a couple of drinks at the bar in the steakhouse in the lobby, but the place was so dark and depressing that I couldn't stay in there too long.Also was easily able to get from OHare to the hotel on the train during rush hour, even with heavy baggage. So if you don't need a lot of front desk service, this place is a deal.	
Sep 6 2008 	Made our stay enjoyable	Wife and I booked this room (king bed apt/suite) through Expedia after reading the reviews on this web site. We only looked for a room that was reasonable, was in a good location, and didn't have thin walls. The Seneca not only met those standards, but surpassed them. The room was clean and large, front desk staff was friendly and helpful, and the maid service was competant.  I can't speak of others experiences (negative or positive), however I'll share some of our experiences: 1) We had tickets for the Cubs night game on the last day of their homestand. We had planned to arrive at 3pm with plently of time to make the game at 7pm. However, we missed our flight and did not check into the room unitl 6:30pm. The front desk was understanding, expedited our check in, and had a El train map and directions ready for us when we came back downstairs. Due to his help, we were able to not only make the game but only missed 1/2 an inning.2) On the second day, the weather came into effect due to Hurricane Gustav, and it rained all day long. We ordered food from downstairs, read some books, and watched some TV in the room. Usually this would constitute a boring day, however our room was so large it felt as if we were in a cozy apartment. Later in the night, I also used the fitness room, which was adequate. We stayed in Chicago for a total of 5 days, and enjoyed our stay. We will return in the future (this time with the kids) and plan on staying in a similiar room at the Seneca again.	
Sep 4 2008 	Insensitive Management At The Seneca	I stayed at the Seneca in June and had an unfortunate experience. My husband had a heart attack. I found this out around 5pm and immediately called the front desk saying I needed to check out immediately. When I went to the front desk to check out, I was informed by the front desk manager, Cory Steinberg that I would be billed for that night's stay.I understand hotels are in the business of making money but it was Mr. Steinberg's attitude I found rude. When I asked him if he would make an exception because of my situation, Mr. Steinberg said he would have to speak to his manager because, &quot;I'm not going to risk my job over this.&quot;I never heard back from Mr. Steinberg and I am never going to stay at the Seneca again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great!	Can't believe the last two reviews - what fussy people!!! We were delighted with the Seneca, incredibly good value for money, excellent location, good service, spacious room with comfortable bed, wonderful restaurant, comfortable sitting room and functional kitchen - the one gripe that I would support is that in the effort to update it the microwave takes up all the surface space in the kitchenette, but we coped. What do these people expect for the price - the Ritz?! We could not have been more comfortable, the bathroom was clean, and the location was outstanding - right in the hub of downtown, but quiet at night.	
Aug 18 2008 	You can do much better	There are lots of hotels like this in Europe.-- shabby yet clean rooms, extremely well located, family runwith a caring staff and a fair price. Subract the familyrun, caring staff and sadly-- you have The Seneca. Here isthe good and the bad.  Good: Clean sheets, large rooms, great location for a fairly decent price.Bad: Indifferent and unprofessional hotel management. Check others posts about this as well--I wish I had before staying here. You never know how bad a hotel can be until something goes wrong. After my wallet was pick-pocketed in their elevator moments after checking in(caught on video tape and reported to the police) I found this out. The response from the front desk was a card for a free appetizer at a pizza place and the number to call to file a police report. I''ve received a nice follow up call from the Chicago Police since leaving. The response from the manager, Cory Steinburg has been nothing. Robbery can happen to anyone in any city, this was no surprise. But what was surprising was that according to the police, it happens in and near this hotel often. If there ever was a time to comp a room, I would think this would be it. Safety of guests should not be compromised.   Room condition: Peeling ceiling paint. Vinyl shower curtain. Blue 80's furniture and carpet and a warped hallway  door that took effort to shut each time we left the room. You get the idea.  Here's the deal: please do your homework before staying here. You can do much better for the price. Promise.	
Aug 12 2008 	so much potential yet fails	This hotel sits on top of some really great restaurants, and has a fantastic location, yet it just misses the boat.Our room was a double queen suite, the t.v. was ancient and got terrible reception. The rug did not meet the door, the handles were broken off of the kitchen cabinetry, the bathroom was miniscule, wallpaper peeling off the walls, get the picture?It just reminded us of a sleazy no tell motel, that has not been updated since the early 70's.There is no conceirge, and the front desk people seem to know nothing about the city, why??We ate at both the Saloon restaurant and the 200 East, both fantastic. We ordered room service from the Saloon and it arrived hot and within 15 minutes, awesome! They let us know they were not affiliated with the hotel, too bad. Maybe if who was running these restaurants was running the hotel it would be a great destination.Even with a great rate through travelzoo, we will not return.	
Jul 30 2008 	This hotel is a great value for the price!!	I've stayed at the Seneca twice in the last 5 months - once in March and once in July. I was in Chicago on business in March and liked the hotel so well that I brought my family of five back in July. Most recently, we booked a 2 queen, 2 bathroom suite for $149 a night (special Travel Zoo promo rate). The suite was very spacious - a living room with a wide screen TV, sofa, love seat and chair; a dining room table and a kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, microwave, sink and dishwasher. The living and dining rooms were tastefully furnished with classic Queen Anne style furniture. The bathrooms, as were all the rooms, clean upon our arrival. I called down to the front desk to ask for additional pillows and towels and received them within 10 minutes of my request. The front desk staff, as well as the doorman and valet were all friendly and helpful. I had dined at the hotel cafe for breakfast in March, which was OK, but decided to try L'Appetito (a delicious Italian deli with great prices) next door at the Hancock Center plaza this time instead. The plaza is a wonderful place to start the day. The location of this hotel is exceptional, especially if you plan to spend any time shopping along Michigan Ave. The hotel is located 1 block east of the Hancock Center, diagonally across the block from the Water Tower Place Mall and is just a block away from the free trolly stop. I will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 29 2008 	Pleasant surprise	For $138 a night I was pleasantly surprised by the size, cleanliness, and comfort of the room -- actually rooms. We ended up with a kitchen, living room, bedroom and bath. Staff was helpful although we didn't need to bother them much. Location is good: right behind the Hancock, a block off Michigan Avenue at Chestnut. We would stay there again.	
Jul 25 2008 	Pretty disappointing!ars o	My husband and I spent one night at the Seneca hotel. We were pretty disappointed in the condition of the room. Although we had a huge room with one bedroom with king bed, living room, dining area, kitchen and two closets it was very outdated. The bathroom was dirty when we checked-in. The toilet seat was dirty from a previous hotel guest. It was nasty. The bath tub was moldy. The bathroom was small and very outdated. The king size bed must have been like 20 years old. It had a big dip in the middle so when you lay on it you tended to roll to the middle. The kitchen was very outdated and stunk! The furniture was ugly and worn. The old fashion blinds did not work well in the bedroom so we had a lot of light coming into the room which made it hard to sleep. The carpeting was ugly (again!) and dirty. The only positive thing I can say is that it was in a good location and a decent price. I suppose you get what you pay for. I probably would not stay here again. I would spend a little bit more and get something in better condition. We would have preferred a little less space for a nicer place. It needs major updating!	
Jul 24 2008 	Great inexpensive family hotel!	This hotel is like your favorite uncle: cranky, but loveable. My wife, daughter and I have been coming to Chicago every year since 2001, and we've finally found the place we want to be when we're here. This hotel is a renovated apartment building (in fact, the top four floors are still conventional rentals) next to the Hancock Center just east of North Michigan and a couple of blocks to the lake. We paid $185 a night for a two-queen suite. For that, you get a small apartment: one bedroom with two queen beds and a TV, one bath, living room with a TV, parlor, dining room, and full kitchen. There's an in-room safe and literally enough closet space to sleep a few kids in. We also each got coupons good for $7.50 apiece every day at the hotel's basement Chestnut Cafe, which feels like the dining room at a British B&amp;B but serves a pretty broad traditional breakfast and lunch menu. The coupons were part of the hotel's Breakfast Getaway package. You also get free WIFI. If you're here with a family, you can save huge dollars on food by shopping for groceries at nearby stores like the White Hen on Chicago Avenue, or by bringing in takeout. The apartment is by no means granite and glitz. The light switches are funky; flip the wrong one, and poof!, the TV goes off. The bathtub drain was a little slow, the electric can opener was broken, the fridge leaked a small bit of condensation, and, although the kitchen has dishes, glassware, stemware, flatware, and pots and pans, it had no bottle opener for the wine we brought in (numerous bottle shops nearby). But the place was clean, and you get to live a bit of an urban living fantasy by staying here. We're definitely going to book this place again for next summer. Fair warning: when you book, they charge the full amount of your stay on your credit card as a deposit. This is highly unusual, and if you're not up to giving them an interest-free loan of several hundred or even a few thousand dollars for several months, you might want to look elsewhere. The hotel has three restaurants. The only one we ate at was the Chestnut Cafe, which serves &quot;breakfast&quot; from 6 a.m.-3 p.m. You can catch buses to everywhere on the nearby Michigan Avenue. The closest CTA train stop is the Red Line at Chicago, five blocks away, a bit of a schlep if you're carrying luggage. So that means if you're connecting from the airports on the Blue or Orange CTA train lines, you have to transfer to the Red Line in the Loop, which is under construction and a bit unwieldy right now. This hotel is very convenient to Magnificent Mile shopping and eating. Got kids? Save tons of money by just walking to the beach for the day, or two days. The cost is zero. Finally, our daughter is 7 and she's a huge American Girl fan. The current store is a couple of blocks away on Chicago; the new one under construction is literally across the street from the Seneca at Water Tower Place.	
Jul 19 2008	Great location and good value	We just returned from a four night stay at the The Seneca. I booked this trip through a Travelzoo promotion ($149/night for deluxe suite) before I read any Trip Advisor reviews. Since it was a non-refundable rate, there was no turning back. The exterior and interior of the hotel are full of charm and the staff is very polite and helpful. Though the elevators are small, they exude the character of the period and were always available when called.We arrived way before check-in and our luggage was safely stored and the hotel staff advised us of the best way to get to our desired locations. Our luggage was promptly delivered to our 15th floor room with a hotel provided baby bed upon check-in. The room was a deluxe suite which included a bedroom, bathroom, two walk-in closets, living room, dining area with table for four and full-size kitchen with everything you need if you want to cook. The space was just right for our family of five with the exception of the bathroom. It was very small. The overall decor was extremely dated but everything was clean. The two closets are a waste; however, one was so large that it served as bedroom for the baby. There were no black-out curtains in either room, so we were up with the sun.Our floor had a very clean, coin operated washer and dryer which ended up coming in handy after a couple of baby accidents. There is a small but efficient gym on the top floor with about 6 machines and free weights. Everyday I was in there, it was being cleaned. There were always fresh towels to use and a full water cooler as well as a flat screen TV. Also on the top floor is a beautiful and underused roof deck. I don't know if you can see the Navy Pier fireworks from there but it is worth trying.If I were to travel to Chicago again with my family, I would definitely stay here again. The location was perfect, the price was right and we had plenty of space in our room. If I were to go with just my husband, I would probably stay somewhere a little more luxurious. All in all, this was a budget and family friendly hotel.	
Jul 19 2008 	Nice location STOP knocking on my door check-out is at noon	travelzoo.com special which totaled $120.00. I'll keep it short as others have said as follows: older style room with one queen size bed, kitchenette with out-dated kitchen cabinets - stove, micro, refrig., pots, pans, utensils, small bathroom with jacuzzi tub, wrinkled carpet. It was alright for the price I paid. Great location. Hated that housekeeping knocked on my door three times 10:00 a.m. &quot;I'm sleeping&quot; , 10:45 a.m. &quot;come back after 12:00&quot;, and 11: 55 a.m. &quot;Alright I'm out of here .&quot; Be sure to put your &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out if you want peace. I put mine out after the second time. I took it off the door at 11:50 a.m. and they knocked at 11:55 a.m.Ordered pizza at hotel bar on first floor. It is a thin crust pizza which I enjoyed. Also, ate at Cheesecake Factory and at Foodlife in the Water Tower Plaza building, second floor, which are both a block or two away and are good eats. You can catch bus #151 from Amtrak Union station to reach this hotel. Otherwise, catch the #3 from Michigan Ave. or the free trolley on Michigan Avenue. The Hop On Hop Off bus was really nice even though I was baking in the sun. If you can get one with seating on the first level you can stay out of the sun. However, you won't be able to gain the full effect of some sites due to a blocked view unless you hang halfway out of the window.	
Jul 18 2008 	Here's the Deal	So, after an anxiety filled month reading reviews here, wondering if we made a mistake by reserving a room at the Seneca, here is the deal:We arrived early from O'Hare, and the room wasn't ready. Suzanne at the front desk could not have been nicer, storing our bags and sugesting that we check back in a while. After a couple of hours exploring, and a quick lunch, we came back and were told it would only be a little while longer. We had purchased some groceries, and Suzanne offered to store the perishables in the office fridge. Just a short time later we were checked in and on our way upstairs, and told that our bags would be right up. The room was on the third floor (lower than I prefer) but it was a recently renovated corner room and really, really nice. Good size bedroom with king bed, full bath off the bedroom, and a half bath across the corridor. Further inside the room was a huge living room area with a couch and wing back chair. To the left of that was a dining area, with the kitchen off of that. Full size fridge and everything we needed to cook with.The room was clean, but not new, so if you are looking for perfection, stay elsewhere. This is an older building, and it looks great for its age. The location is teriffic, the staff more than pleasant (I bet the people who complained about the rude staff may want to think about how they interacted with the staff.....)The good: Room size, minimal noise from the corridors. Location was good, housekeeping did a great job. Staff pleasant. The bad: Some slight blemishes on the door frame. Noise from outside loud at times (because of the lower floor). We could also hear a party one night, maybe in a ballroom or something on 2nd floor??Overall, you can't beat the value. The ability to spread out and be comfortable was wayyyyy better than crowding into a tiny hotel room at a higher price.	
Jul 18 2008 	Loved the Seneca	While the Seneca is an older hotel, IMO it reprepresents all that is appealing about Chicago. if you prefer brand spanking new over character, there are plenty of sterile hotel rooms in the suburbs. The location couldn't be better. Water Tower Place is only steps away as are train and bus stops. Our daughter booked two rooms, one for her family of 5 and one for us and two other older grandchildren. She had a suite with two double or queen beds, not sure, plus fully equipped kitchen, two walk in closets and a bathroom with a whirlpool tub which made it fun and easy to get 3 kids from 18 months to 6 years into a bubble bath, especially after spending time at the Lake Michigan Beach 2 blocks away. She had plenty of room to set up a pack and play for the 18 month old to sleep in. The free cable and movies kept her other two entertained so she could get organized for our busy days. Our room had a small bathroom which really wasn't a problem since there was also a huge walk-in closet (equipped with iron, ironing board, safe and lots of close hangers) which we used as a dressing room and a large foyer with a wall of mirrors that made getting ready outside the bathroom easy. We had a fridge, microwave and coffee pot. Ice machines were great after spending time in Europe where ice is a scarce commodity. If I have any complaints at all it would be the aloof (and slow) desk staff. However, they were efficient as were the door man and the housekeeping staff, neither of which were as slow. I love this hotel and can't wait to stay there again!	
Jul 15 2008 	Excellent Location Rooms are Hit or Miss	Found this hotel through a travelzoo.com promotion for $149/night for a suite with 2 double beds, a sleep sofa, dining area, and kitchen. The suite had a maximum occupancy of 5. The two double beds are in the same room, and there is only 1 bathroom, so the set up is probably more comfortable/ideal for three guests. My boyfriend and I stayed over the Fourth of July weekend, so the price of $149 couldn't be beat. Rooms are basically hit or miss. Half of the rooms in the hotel have been updated/renovated. The other half of the rooms are circa 1981. We stayed in a room on the 4th floor that had not been updated. The kitchen was tiny with old appliances and way outdated cabinets. The carpet was clean but needed to be stretched and had some buckles in it. The bathroom was fairly clean but also somewhat outdated. The tub looked like it had been recently re-grouted. There was a gigantic walk in closet with a safe, in addition to a regular closet, and a linen closet in the bathroom. I have uploaded pictures of the suite we stayed in.Our friends who traveled with us stayed on the 12th and 15th floors and paid the same money for the same type of suite, but theirs were much larger, with updated kitchen cabinets, updated appliances, 2 flat screen TVs (one in the bedroom and one in the living room), and even had a full sized dining area with a table with 4 chairs and a china cabinet. (Our dining area was a tiny corner of the living room and had a tiny table with 2 chairs). The suite on the 12th floor had 2 bathrooms and a laundry room. Again, they requested the same type of suite as us and paid the same $149/night. We all booked in May for a stay in July. So, if you go during a holiday weekend, try to reserve your room early and request an updated/renovated suite (not sure if they will honor this request or not, but you could try). You might also try telling them that you have 5 guests staying in the room so they put you in a suite with 2 bathrooms. Oh, and don't miss the brand new rooftop deck with lots of brand new lounge chairs, and views of Lake Michigan. Take the elevator to the 17th floor. Also ask the front desk about the Wendella boat tour, $23 for a 90 minute river and lake tour. I highly recommend it. I would also recommend a walk to Geno's East on Superior for Chicago deep dish pizza; be sure to make reservations.Positives:  Location, location, location  Easy walk to Hancock bldg; pay $15 for 94th floor views of city Easy walk to the Cheesecake Factory  Easy walk to shopping on Michigan Ave We even walked to Navy Pier, though it was far In walking distance to the route of the free trolley  Great deal if you book through a third party website  Lots of other hotels nearby--Marriott Residence Inn, Hilton FABULOUS ROOFTOP DECK!!!Negatives $25 cab ride from Midway, $35 cab ride from ORD Rooms are hit or miss Our reservation was non-refundable and they charged my  credit card at the time of booking	
Jul 13 2008 	Great location but	Stayed there over the long 4th of July weekend. Great location and friendly staff, but that is where it ends. Rooms need a great deal of updating, from carpet to furniture. Our room was quite worn, with &quot;waves&quot; in the carpeting as well as broken drawers on the dressers. The bathroom was VERY small and things were loose on the walls. Do yourself a favor and stay at the Hilton Inn and Suites just around the corner.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Room Location and Price!	I booked a suite at the Seneca that included a huge living room/dining area, bedroom with two queens and kitchenette for under $150.00 a night and was very pleased. Like others, I was worried because of some bad feedback, but also like others...I was happy and impressed with the value and location. The kitchen helped save even more money by doing breakfast and packing lunches there. The valet at the hotel advised us of a cheaper parking garage down the street and that ran us $28 dollar a day. Didn't really need our car since there was all kinds of transportation and sight-seeing at our feet, including a free trolley system. If you enjoy an older home, quirks and all, you will get along well with the Seneca and its charms. I went back and re-read the negative feedback and if there were cracks and drips to be seen and heard--I might not have even noticed--I see big rooms...high ceilings and fancy molding. The stuff I fell for in my old home.	
Jul 8 2008 	Location Location Location	Stayed at the Seneca for 5 nights over a long July 4 weekend. This being our first visit to the Windy City, we very much depended on TripAdvisor's reviews to lead us in the right direction. Reviews of the Seneca seem to be up / down, but we have nothing but GOOD THINGS to say about this wonderful old establishment. Right down Chestnut Avenue from the Hancock Building (and Cheesecake Factory) is this well maintained hotel. Our room, with a queen bed, was very comfortable. The kitchenette was great for breakfast; eating lunch and dinner in one of Chicago's best, is a necessity. Staff was pleasant and helpful (required maintenance for plumbing problem - arrived and fixed within minutes). The wonderful Free Trolley that takes you to the Loop, Museums, Navy Pier is just a block away on Michigan Avenue, as are buses that can take you anywhere you want to go (Museum of Science and Industry is on the outskirts of the city - the #10 bus takes you right to the door and back). Hop on Hop off bus is also a block away. All the best high end stores are within walking distance (Louis Vuitton, Chanel; plus Macys, Water Tower Shops, Filenes Basement). Walk to Lakeshore Drive and turn left for acouple of blocks to visit a lovely beach/biking area. If you like to walk, Navy Pier is just about a mile to the right on Lakeshore Drive. Mystic Blue (firework/dinner cruise) was great. If you like Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons from the 60's, Jersey Boys at the LaSalle Theater is a must. Nice dinner and drinks at The Grill across from the theater. Getting back to the hotel after a fun day was never a problem. If we ever get back to this great city, will once again stay with the Seneca!	
Jul 2 2008 	Budget friendly with great location!!!	I recently surprised my husband with a two night stay in Chicago for his 30th birthday. We stayed at the Seneca. We were on a budget and cared more about the location than the actual hotel. I was nervous because some of the reviews were really bad, but I have to say we were happy with our room and blown away by the location!! If you are looking for a decent hotel in an awesome location and you are on a budget... this is the place for you. We were a block or two from the more expensive hotels. The only negetives we could find were our room needed TLC, showers were not very hot, and parking was very expensive. We would stay here again for the price.	
Jul 1 2008 	Couldn't have been more pleased great location	This is a gem of a hotel. It was built in 1924 and you can see the history in the architecture and construction, but it has of course been remodeled and we were delighted with our large room (more like suite) and kitchenette. The location is terrific, walking distance to Navy Pier, Magnificent Mile, and several restaurants, and right off Bus and train lines. Made it easy to get around town and not have to worry about parking. Staff was very pleasant and helpful, room was clean, bed was nice, just a great place to stay, particularly for a building that is 84 years old!	
Jul 1 2008 	Excellent Location - Atmosphere	We were a bit hesitant to follow through with this reservation after reviewing some of the more negative reviews. Especially since the surrounding hotels in that area rate anywhere from $300-$600 per night. So we were a bit relunctant since our internet fee was under $150 per night. However, once we arrived we were pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and roominess of the room. We booked a single room/ queen bed/ separate bathroom/ efficiency kitchen. The view was nice and the service wonderful. We had a full sized refrigerator, stove, cooktop, microwave and cabinets full of necessary cooking / dining equipment.The location is directly behind the John Hancock Building and approximately 3 blocks to the water. We were one block over from Magnificent Mile and the area was superb.We opted not to have room service since we were only there for a few days but the front desk took the time to place a call each day letting us know they were aware that we had posted a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door and if we needed anything to just call housekeeping and they would bring any supplies needed. This hotel is a definite plus and I would absolutely recommend it to all travelers. If we travel to Chicago ever again we will stick with the hotel we now know as being clean, well maintained and efficient.The only down side is the decor of the rooms need to be updated. The bath we had consisted of old leaky faucets and the toilet had a long handle flush from years ago. The bathroom could definitely use some updating.The kitchen was sufficient but also was very drab and needed some spicing up.I hesitate of say anything negative about this hotel because all-in-all we were very satisfied with the rates and location.	
Jun 29 2008 	WORTH IT!!!	Ok, I'm a hotel snob. Like anyone, I love a good deal for the $$. THIS IS IT...you are steps to the Magnif. Mile, the price was LESS than $200 a night for a KING SUITE&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;FULL size living room, dining area, FULL KITCHEN....DEEP bathtub with JETS....More closet space and storage than you'd ever need, better than your apt. in college and grad. school put together......Good service, friendly, helpful people...STAY HEREThe only negative was the carpeting...it was old, stained, and needed to be replaced....I really couldn't believe the state of the carpeting, but for the price, could over look it.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great choice for families	My husband and I, along with our 2 year old and 5 month old spent the first week of June at the Seneca in Chicago. We had a King Suite which was like a one bedroom apartment. It was fantastic with kids to have a stove, full size fridge, dishwasher, micro, coffee maker, toaster, basic cooking utensils etc.. If the kids were cranky, we could always get take out and eat in our living room/dining room. Also, our package came with a full cooked breakfast from the cafe on the main floor--eggs, pancakes, meat, hashbrowns, beverage etc.. which again I had packaged to go back up to our room--super convenient.Having a separate bedroom (with walk-in closet) was great when someone needs to rest while others watch TV. It was a little dated, but the location and room size can't be beat. It is right next to John Hancock , and is walking distance to the beach and many attractions. We also had friends over, and it was so nice to have a living space instead of sitting around on the edge of beds. We'll stay here every time!	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Hotel even with it's quirks.	Like many others, I was nervous to see where I would be spending my three nights in Chicago after reading some of the reviews. I am pleased to report we were VERY happy with our room (1523) at the Seneca. Our total for a three night stay including taxes was $481.All throughout our stay, the doorman / valet were friendly and helpful. Check in was easy enough, the front desk help were neither rude, nor helpful---just doing their job. The front lobby is beautiful and the elevators are small. No room for a wheelchair and don't try to fit more than 4 people in there--forget about it with luggage. There is a service elevator just around the corner.Our room was on the 15th floor, all the way at the end of the hallway. Our wireless reception was good and there was no noise at all. The room certainly had it's quirks, but not anything that couldn't be overlooked considering the value the hotel offers. The doors to the bedroom and bathroom started to stick once they were halfway opened. The bathroom itself it super small (1 person only standing room), but the shower water temperature was perfect every time. We had an iron burn on the rug from a previous occupant and the carpet was not finished when transitioning from the living room to the kitchen. The electrical situation is interesting, one outlet didn't work and it took a bit to figure out what switch turned on what. The kitchen itself had everything we needed plus some things we didn't. I don't know about you, but cooking in the stove was certainly not on my to-do list while out of town.One thing to note, I did mention a burnt out bulb in our closet to the front desk and there was someone up at my room to fix it before I made it back myself. I suppose the service elevator has a short wait time!Overall, I would definitely be back again.	
Jun 22 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	My friend and I recently returned from a trip to Chicago where we stayed at the Seneca Hotel. Our accomodations were great! We had a suite with a kitchen, living room, bedroom, bathroom, and even a walk-in closet! It was very spacious, with a big bedroom that had 2 queen beds. The closet was a nice bonus! The Seneca is located on Chestnut St. just 1 block from the Hancock building, and Water Tower Place. I booked and confirmed our reservation from worldres. When we got to the hotel they had no information regarding our room. When I told them that I had confirmed the room the day before, they asked if I got a confirmation number. I didn't. They were very busy when we were trying to check in, so we told them we would go have a drink at the bar and they could get it sorted out when they had time. The bar was in the Steakhouse Saloon in the hotel. The drinks were AWESOME which made up for the rude bartender who insulted my friend before taking our order (some comment about her being too old (she's 46)), and made no effort to hide the fact that he was irritated with me because I took too long to decide what appetizer I wanted. When we got back to the front desk about an hour later, they had our room all ready for us. I don't know if they found the reservation, or if they just gave us a room, I didn't ask, but it WAS just what I had reserved. The hotel staff were all extremely polite, helpful, and professional. The doormen were all very quick, and on the ball. All in all, our stay at the Seneca was wonderful.	
Jun 17 2008	great spot - great rooms - super service	Just returned from a large family event where our parties booked about 15 rooms at the Seneca. This place is a super value - and I concur with the positives: location, service, space, style. It's not turn-key new, but 99% of our rooms were in excellent condition and incredibly spacious (room 802 will likely be updated soon). We also recognized super service from the desk people and valet friends; in time - some literally recognized us by face. I am sure I speak for my entire family - we wouldn't look further when looking to book the next stay in the heart of this amazing city.	
Jun 16 2008	Beware!	My stay was part of a new contract between my plastic surgeon and the hotel. The night before arrival I was canceled! It almost cost me the 20k surgery scheduled. My room was rebooked but obviously to their displeasure. The staff was rude to phone callers and even worse to inquirers at the front desk. All I can say is, &quot;Shame on you Hotel Seneca!&quot;	
Jun 15 2008 	Perfect Place 	Thanks to Trip Advisor, I found the Seneca Hotel and it was the perfect place and the perfect location for my stay in Chicago. My advice to anyone considering the Seneca is to book it and book it directly through the hotel. I booked the &quot;Suite deal&quot; package and for $152 a night, the package included a suite with king-size bed and full-size kitchen and free valet parking. The most amazing part of this package was that we were rewarded with suite #1022, the corner suite with a wonderful view of the John Hancock Building! The suite included a dining and living area AND despite what others have posted, was incredibly clean and the showers were full force and hot. It was also the perfect place because we could stock up on breakfast foods and wine and snacks from Potash Bros grocery just a few blocks away and we were steps from everything - John Hancock, the Miracle Mile, Wacker Street, etc. It really has an outstanding location and the suite was extremely comfortable.Having the free parking enabled us to drive to many destinations such as the Robie House and the Farnsworth House (which in my opinion is a MUST-SEE in Plano, IL, about 1 1/2 hours from the Seneca). Without the &quot;suite deal,&quot; the parking would have cost roughly $48 per night!Sure, the Seneca is an older building and the decor is somewhat dated, but it more than makes up for it in location, space, cleanliness and price. If you're expecting lush and swanky, then you should pay a lot more money and stay elsewhere. If you appreciate value, comfort and location, then stay at the Seneca.Our only disappointments were in the restaurants - Spiaggia and North Pond restaurants are for CHUMPS!!! Don't even consider wasting your money there unless you like spending $40 for literally two &quot;2 inch size&quot; pieces of ravioli, which we did at Spiaggia. North Pond was just as bad because despite having made reservations months in advance, we had to sit right next to the kitchen AND they mistreated a couple who were seated next to us. When the woman asked to have her salmon cooked more (because it was still rare), the cook became furious, rattled dishes and screamed &quot;well done!&quot; in the kitchen (remember, we're seated right next to it). Her boyfriend/husband was left to eat his entree alone and was finished by the time her food returned. She had to wait a very long time. I felt sorry for them because they were there obviously for a &quot;special occasion&quot; and at more than $100 a person, they deserved better service and at least an apology.We also went to Avec. The food was very good, BUT the service and atmosphere were so awful that it really strikes out the positive about the restaurant - which is the food. Our surly tatooed waittress was so unprofessional that she should have stayed at the tattoo parlor. The noise level is deafening and the crowds really aren't that hip - unless you consider tourists and people out on first dates interesting. There's nothing trattoria about it and nothing French, Avec is &quot;sans&quot; service &quot; and &quot;sans&quot; atmosphere. I definitely would not recommend it. Other highlights not to be missed:The architectural boat tourcocktails in the Signature Lounge in the John Hancockthe Art Institue of Chicago!	
Jun 14 2008 	Just old	This is billed as a boutique hotel and is not.I requested an earlier check in which they claim they could not do.The hotel was not fully booked.They were supposed to hang up my garmet bag but the suits were wrinkled.When I was finally able to check in the kitchen had not been cleaned and they was food in the fridge from the previous occupant.The bathroom had an odd angle and was very small.For some reason they put the larger TV in the bedroom clothes unit.Do not stay here	
May 29 2008 	Disappointed	Some girlfriends and I spent the weekend at The Seneca and booked a suite. The suite was huge - two bathrooms, a living room, and a full kitchen. The size was the only good thing about our room. The hotel lobby smelled funny. The elevators were small and we often had to wait to get one. The towels in our room were thin, had holes in them, and also smelled of mildew -- even when we asked for fresh ones, we got mildew-smelling towels. There is hardly ever any hot water. When my friend called down to the front desk to ask about the water, she was told the let the shower run for FIFTEEN minutes!!!! And then there is room service - or the lack thereof. The restaurant in the hotel is run separately from the hotel, so you have to call a different number to get food. It took forever, arrived cold, and it was greasy and disgusting. I couldn't even eat the food ($12 for some eggs and coffee). One of my friends did manage to choke down her eggs and spent most of the morning wishing she hadn't. My advice - just say no.	
May 28 2008	Location spaciousness and minor flaws	I just spent a week at the Seneca as tour leader for 20 well-travelled Californians. They--and I--loved it. As others have noted, on close examination, the rooms could use a little touching up. The Seneca is in an old building, and the door frames and base boards have seen a lot of paint over the decades. Some of the furniture could use a light application of scratch coat. But . . . put your magnifying glass away, ignore the tiny defects, and enjoy all of the positives:Location, location, location. I can't imagine a better one. Very attractive and secure public areas.Exceptional space. Admit it you naysayers--the suites are probably larger than your first apartment. There are enough closets (one a walk-in), drawers and shelves to put away an entire wardrobe, let alone what one might pack for a week's visit. Lots of furniture to make one feel at home: sofa, two arm chairs, end tables and lamps, coffee table, desk, TV and telephone in both the living area and bedroom, dining room table with four chairs, comfortable bed, etc. My suite was nicely carpeted and very clean as well.Quiet. In spite of the nearness to Michigan Avenue and Lakeshore Drive, the only noise to be heard is the occasional clop of a carriage horse--and that's only if you leave the window open.A nice bar--with live music and reasonably-priced food--along with a more formal restaurant. A fully-equipped kitchen. With a grocery and several good delis nearby, this proved to be an unexpected pleasure. Bonus: after I put my dirty dishes in the dishwasher; I returned to find that they had been washed and put back in the cabinets while I was out for the day. Free wireless. (Do ask for a room that isn't too far from the access point, though. At the end of the hall, the signal is too weak to use.)It goes without saying: I'd stay again. By the way, Chicago is wonderful. It's like New York, only cleaner and friendlier. Enjoy!	
May 15 2008 	Great Location	We wanted a central location off &quot;The magnificent mile&quot; and did not want to pay a Kings ransom. The seneca fits the bill on both aspects. Great location just behind the Hancock building and the Water tower. The hotel itself was ideal. The room was apartment style with small kitchenette with all necessary amenities. The decor was fine for the price, not luxurious but more than adequate. We did not dine in any of the hotel eateries but th menus looked good and reasonable. We did avail ourselves of the attached bar which had live music most nights and was very convivial. All in all I would recommend this hotel for anybody wanting to stay in Chicago.	
May 12 2008 	Vintage charm – more like vintage crap!	When I checked in, I received a key card for a room on the 10th floor. I took the elevators up and opened the room door to find someone else’s things, and odd smell, and an unmade bed. I quickly shut the door and went back downstairs to the reception area – good thing there wasn’t anyone in the room, can you imagine?! The receptionist apologized indifferently, while the other receptionist yelled repeatedly across the way “There’s someone in 1011? There isn’t anyone in there, are you sure?”, as if accusing me of lying about the situation. Finally, my receptionist gave me a key to a room on the second floor. I hope I received the worst room in the entire building because it was a very unpleasant stay – be prepared to argue if you receive room 204 - a &quot;king suite&quot;. I did not have high expectations due to prior reviews, but even my low expectations were not met. I have stayed at many hotels/hostels around the world, and most of them are budget hotels, but this one was the worst stay I’ve ever had. We were there only to sleep and shower, but we couldn’t even do that with any sort of comfort. The room itself is large when compared to a standard hotel room, but my room did not have a dining area and the kitchenette could not have been bigger than 4x4. There was, however, an ample amount of closet space, complete with a walk-in (with no light) in the bedroom. The bathroom was small.- Musty smell – got worse as the cleaning solution smells wore off- Heater did not work (it blew cold air even tho I had it turned to heat and 90 degrees)- Water dripped from kitchen faucet all night long- Cracks in the walls, dingy carpet and outdated dirty furniture and “art”- Sheets did not smell clean- Had to run water 15 minutes for hot water in shower (this is what we were told when we called about not having hot water, no lie!)Oh, and if you’re a light sleeper, request a higher floor because our room faced the front of the hotel on the second floor and it was really loud from cars and conversations until about 2am. I did request this, but they said it was a full house and this was the room I was assigned.When I checked out, I was never asked once how my stay was. I normally don’t even remember if this happens, but I really wanted to let them know this time. I gave them the above list and I received another casual apology.I will add that the one good thing about this hotel is the location, it’s very close to the magnificent mile and other tourist attractions, so if that and the cost of your stay is priority, then this would probably be a good choice for you (although those were my priorities also).I’m glad people have had pleasant stays at this hotel, but I hope my experience will help you in making your decision as well. Good luck!	
May 9 2008 	Great location and value for money	I stayed at the Seneca for four nights this week. I thought the location and the value for money were excellent. The front of house staff were very friendly and helpful and I felt safe and welcomed there. The rooms were clean and well equipped. The hotel is right next door to the John Hancock Tower, and only two blocks away from the 'Miracle Mile' shopping district. There isn't a subway station nearby, but there are many buses that go up N Michigan Ave, and taxis in the downtown area were very cheap.Breakfast isn't included, but there is a nice cafe in the 'arcade' level of the hotel. My room also had a little kitchenette and I bought some groceries from Potash Bros grocery store nearby for my breakfasts. There wasn't any public internet access but the receptionist directed me to a nearby Kinkos (or you could try your luck at the Apple Store on N Michigan avenue!).One suggestion I would make if you like to sleep in after daybreak is to bring an eye mask. My room only had very light louvre blinds and so I was woken at 6am every morning by the sun!	
May 5 2008 	Good and Bad	I was worried after reading some of the reviews, but the reality was not as bad as I feared. The good: we had a rate of $149/night with complimentary valet parking. If we had had to pay for parking, it would have been another $40+ a day. Our room was huge, larger than our first apartment and with many more closets. It was also very clean. The kitchen had a stove, refrigerator, microwave and a dishwasher. The bedspread, draperies and upholstered furniture were very attractive. The location is great, about a block from Michigan Ave., and only a few blocks from the El. We didn't have much interaction with the staff, but from what we had, they seemed helpful and polite. The bad: The rug, while clean, needed stretching. The kitchen needed updating. The bathroom, also clean, had some cracked tiles and a vanity that looked as though a litter of Labrador puppies had gnawed on it. It definitely needed updating. The dresser in the bedroom was missing some handles. The reception on the TVs was less than crystal clear. Finally, upon check-out, the desk clerk tried to charge for the complimentary parking, but the manager took care of the situation quickly. I've stayed in several hotels in the north Michigan Ave. area, from the Sheraton Hotel and Towers to boutiques like the Whitehall, and while the Seneca wasn't as nice, I didn't think it was all that bad. I would stay there again for the location and the right price.	
May 2 2008 	Huge Rooms Full Size Kitchen Within walking distance of Miracle Mile	What a great value! Wonderful suite style rooms with full size kitchen and within walking distance of many attractions. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Although we had no heat the first night, we were switched to another room the second night and enjoyed our stay. Will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great Find	After reading some of the reviews I reluctantly booked this hotel for $109(special rate) a night. Thank god I did! My husband and I could have not asked for a better location, hotel, and price. For about $150 to $300 cheaper then any hotel in that area we got a 1 bedroom suite w/ full kitchen. Yes the inside of the hotel is older but it's nice. I can account that the furniture is brand new in the rooms because while we were out one day we came back to a brand new hotel suite. I would not go by the reviews that are bad; they must be way too picky. This said as long as you don’t expect to be staying at the most posh hotel in Chicago you won’t be disappointed.	
Apr 23 2008 	Very disappointing...	This was no doubt a fine hotel in its day, but the Seneca is now looking very worn around the edges. The reception areas are 'quaint' but the bedrooms are tatty and tired. Stained carpets, chipped furniture - even if you wanted to create a period feel, you'd throw this lot out. The rooms stink of excessive use of air freshener and disinfectant (hiding what?) and the bathrooms were pretty grim - hairs from previous guests on the lavatory bowl and ingrained dirt on the porcelain. From a service angle, the reception staff were under pressure and consequently abrupt and unfriendly, the concierge has been made redundant and replaced with an automated kiosk, and the bar staff looked as if they'd rather be somewhere else. Top it all off with construction work outside, and it was probably one of the worst hotel experiences to be had. Avoid.	
Apr 15 2008 	In need of a renovation but great hotel	Having read all the reviews, I was a little weary about booking this hotel, however I'm glad I did, it's a great hotel. I can understand why some reviewers made the comments they did, as the hotel does need a make over and the rooms do look a little jaded. Some of the furniture is straight out of the seventies and the decor in the room sometimes makes you feel as if you've travelled back in time, but that's about the only bad point. The suite was very spacious and clean with daily maid service. The room came with two double beds in a big bedroom, a lounge with a TV, a dining table and a fully furnished kitchen, with oven, hob, dish washer, microwave, kettle, toaster and all the cutlery and crockery you would need. The best thing about this hotel is the location, it's about a 5 minute walk from Michigan Avenue (The Golden Mile), where all the shops are. It's also close to the lake front and the red line rail station. I recommend the steak house restaurant adjoining the hotel, but be warned book early. While the hotel does need a make over, the suite sizes and the location means that if I return to Chicago, I'd have no problem staying here again.	
Apr 13 2008	Fantastic location great value	We stayed at the senaca for three nights with our 16 year old son. The location is fantastic, looking out onto John Hancock, within easy walking distance of Fox and Obel, one block away from Magnificent Mile with its shops, resturants and numerous buses to take you wherever you want to go (unlimited CTA travel card is a must!).the hotel was fine, clean, room spacious, bathroom small - not luxurious - but who goes to Chicago to stay in a hotel! The staff were very helpful and check in was very smooth even though we arrived early.I would reccomend this place to people who are more interested in the city and just needing a place to sleep in comfort, than those that like lots of facilites without going out - we had a great time!	
Apr 12 2008 	Comfortable hotel	I was a bit apprehensive about staying at the Seneca having read negative reviews but can honestly say it was a very pleasant stay. The suite was spacious, clean and comfortable. We had a bedroom with 2 queen beds, lounge with dining area, fully fitted kitchen, 2 bathrooms and 3 walk in wardrobes. The door closed properly (see previous reviews) and we had a card key not an old fashioned key. There was no unpleasant smell and the furniture and carpets were in good condition. The door staff and reception desk staff were extremely helpful and pleasant. The hotel is in a prime location for visiting all the sights. I doubt I will visit Chicago again, it was enjoyable but there is nothing to go back for, but if I did return I would stay at the Seneca.	
Apr 8 2008 	Thrilled that we stayed here.	We were thrilled to find the Seneca because downtown Chicago can be so expensive. We were travelling with 2 adults and 4 kids, so this ruled out the possibility of &quot;naming our own price&quot; and only being guaranteed a room that sleeps 2 people. We needed a suite, and I was thrilled to find a &quot;presedential suite&quot; for $139 at the Seneca. I read the reviews of this being an older hotel, without keycards, and worn down furniture. I tried to expect the worst, so as to not be disappointed.We were pleasantly surprised to find a huge, spacious room, that we unlocked with a keycard...I'm guessing the hotel is being updated and we just happened to be on floors that have already been switched to keycards...so no problem there. We felt like we were staying in an apartment, with a china cabinet full of decorative items, and a living area with space to spread out. The room was very clean, and the only bathroom complaint is just that the hot water took quite a while to kick in...after the 1st day we decided to run the water right when we got up so it would be hot when we wanted to shower. There were 3 big closets in the bedroom, which worked out great so that at least 3 of our kids could each claim a closet to keep all of their belongings organized in....as a mom I loved that feature.The location was amazing...everything was easy to get to. The people working at the hotel were great...we had a slight &quot;hitch&quot; when we got there, because our room had been given away to a guest with almost the same last name as us (Mance instead of Nance). The manager ended up taking $80 off of our bill, and we were in the exact same room, just on a different floor. Obviously they are willing to go out of their way to make their clients happy, because this was realy a minor issue that we weren't really even complaining about...we certainly didn't ask for compensation because it wasn't a big deal...the front desk person just offered because they felt bad.We loved the Seneca, and it is really difficult to find a comfortable place to stay for a family of 6...we will definitely stay there again if we find ourselves in Chicago.	
Apr 4 2008 	Not Impressed	This is an older hotel in a great location. It is right next to the Hancock building, one block from Michigan Ave, and within walking distance to the pier and the Red Line subway station.The hotel itself is old. My room was a suite, which was very spacious in every way, except the small bathroom.I wouldn't say the room was dirty. The carpet was clean, but was probably stained from years of use. The carpet had high and low spots. The two couches in the living room looked nice, but upon closer inspection, the edges were fraying. It was obvious the couches were as old as the hotel.The television worked, but the reception was not clear.The hotel staff was average. On check-in, I was displeased with their service, but on checkout I was happy, so that averaged out for me.I will not stay here again. Not because it was a nightmare, but because it wasn't great. I'll try somewhere else.	
Apr 2 2008 	Fear Not: This is VERY nice!	What an absolutely delightful surprise!!!My wife and I are here at The Seneca right now. (of course, how much of a loser am I to be writing a review using the Seneca's free wireless internet service in my room when I should be out on another pub crawl?). We were very worried about our booking, as we just got tickets to the Oprah Winfrey Show which are nearly impossible to come by, and had to make arrangements in less than 10 days.We are usually Marriott/Hyatt kind of people, but Chicago prices are not far from Manhattan, so I took the risk at booking here at Seneca for 4 days. Read lots and lots of Travelocity reviews from past 3 years, and our anxiety was risen dramatically.What a delight when our doorman greeted us outside under the beautiful awning and we walked into a very gorgeous lobby, complete with wingchairs and a roaring fireplace. Desk staff were about the friendliest I have ever encountered, welcoming us to Chicago and answering our stupid tourist questions. We wisked up to our room on nice, quiet, speedy new elevators and bravely opened the door, expecting something from Oliver Twist. Instead, we found a truly nice, clean, tastefully decoraged room with a full kitchen. Bathroom very clean as well, with ample storage and amenities.Good Lord, we knew that this was not a new hotel. This place was built 8 decades ago, so the character combined with the makeover really make it European bistro-like...and it really works.AND.....all of this with its ideal location....next to Hancock Bldg and upscale Water Tower Place across our street.Stayed at the Omni on the Magnificent Mile on last visit, paying over twice and much. Frankly, even if prices had been the same, I think I would prefer The Seneca.So, come on TripAdvisor folks, take a chance with The Seneca and save LOTS of your hard-earned bucks!!! ~Steven	
Mar 30 2008 	Chicago Getaway	August 2007. Went on a trip with my daughter and son-in-law for 3 days in Chicago. Booked the Senaca on Expedia.ca for a reasonable price for 2 Kingsize Suites. Had a busy 3 days planned so we didn't want to spend much time in the rooms anyways. Took in a Cubs Brewers game at Wrigley. My wife and Daughter took in Wicked at the theater while my son-in-law and I took in the Bears Browns exhibition football game at Soldiers Field. Took some tours and hit the restaurants so our days were filled. While the Senaca is old it certainly has a good location. Staff at check in was very pleasant. Some problems though. Our daughters room was ready but when they went in the bed was bare and hadn't been made up yet. As we were going out anyways it was done when we got back. In our room the TV was disconnected and the plumbing back up also. Both were fixed promptly though. The price of an older hotel I guess. Found out there was a free breakfast with the room though no one told us about it or where it was. We like Einstein Bagels anyways so we went there in the mornings for our coffee. Hotel does have a great location and the bar in the Hancock building does have the greatest view of Chicago at night. Think I would stay here again if the price is right and I wanted to be downtown. Visiting friends I do like staying around Naperville.	
Mar 19 2008 	Needs an upgrade	I stayed here for a business trip. Negative stuff first. The washrooms were bad. The facets and drains were old and rusty. The tiles were loose and chipped. The range and microwaves must have been made in the 70's. I was afraid to use them in case they caught on fire. They say they have wireless internet. That's if you can get a signal. The only time I got a signal was downstairs in the lobby. The location is awesome. You're steps away from the Magnificent Mile. The rooms are huge. I even had a dining room table. It's good for families on a budget.	
Mar 18 2008	Great homely hotel in a great location	Have stayed at this hotel before and havent been dissapointed book a king suite for a little bit extra and get a lot extra space for your money. The kitchen is a bonus with a full size cooker and fridge and dishwasher. Trader Joes on ontario street is a great food store to stock up your fridge they also sell really decent wine for $3 abottle which is a bargain in the usa.Friendly staff in a great location makes this hotel a good deal.	
Mar 15 2008 	Needs a Makeover	I wasn't expecting much: this is one of the cheapest hotels in downtown Chicago. But this was worse than I expected. Even worse than the Congress Hotel, which everyone knows is one of those places you avoid when you need to go to the city. The room was dark and dingy. The sheets were very low thread count-- scratchy and uncomfortable. The towels were also not soft. The door knob was hard to open-- it actually had an &quot;old fashioned key&quot; rather than the key card you typically receive at hotels these days. The carpeting was stained. There was a kitchenette in a closet along one wall of the room, with appliances that looked to be at least 30 years old. The display on the TV in the room didn't come in clearly. Out of the small window in our room, we had a view of a brick wall.This was the first time I've ever checked out of a hotel before my stay was up. The Seneca could be a great hotel, if its owners are willing to spend a lot of money to renovate. The location is fantastic, just down the block from the Hancock (which, by the way, has the best views of Chicago and an incredible bar and restaurant on the top floor, so unless you have kids, do not pay to go to the skydeck museum). The Seneca is also near some really great restaurants in the Rush/Division area.	
Mar 13 2008 	Needs Improvement!!!	We stayed at the Seneca for 3 nights. When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised by the lobby...it was very nice. But when we got to our room we were pretty disappointed. We didn't have a kitchen, which I thought we were supposed to. It smelled bad. It wasn't very clean, there were splatter marks all over the walls and the cups in the room didn't even look like they had been washed...there were even lip marks still on them! The beds were uncomfortable...very hard. When we took a shower it took about 10 minutes for the water to actually get hot, at first it was barely luke warm. There was also soap residue and hair in our shower. Overall, it just wasn't what we expected. It is old, run-down and needs alot of work. The two good things about it...the reasonable price and the location (1 block from michigan ave and right next to the john hancock observatory and water tower place). We won't be staying there again and would not recommend it to anyone else.	
Mar 4 2008 	Honest review - No one was more scared to stay here than I was	I read the reviews of the Seneca here and on other websites and was actually mad when my friend booked it because I was afraid to stay here because I just knew that it would be horrible. We all went in with the attitude that we would expect the worst and that way we would not be disappointed and would probably be pleasantly surprised. We were, indeed, pleasantly surprised. We wanted to post this review to give a detailed, specific review and address issues brought up by previous reviewers.Four of us stayed for 3 nights and had plenty of room to spread out, 2 TVs, places to get away from one another when needed to do our individual things, etc. Stayed in 2 queen bed suite. Got an outstanding price, so my friend that booked it could not resist and jumped on it.The staff was all very friendly, helpful and good humored. Our belief is that a lot of this is in YOUR approach with staff and being polite, friendly and respectful.The lobby is beautiful. Check-in was quick and smooth, front desk staff friendly. The valet, doorman and bellhop were all wonderful and friendly. Security door to access elevators; elevators quick, no problems. ATM in area by elevators, behind security door so felt safer using it. Also have a terminal with info you can access such as weather, local attractions, shopping, etc.Guest room hallways - yucky, baby/sky blue walls; dark carpet; EXTREMELY warm. Odd smell. I had a friend who lived in an apartment complex with a similar hallway smell and she described it as &quot;beefy&quot;.Room door - difficult to open. Door knob was very loose, probably because it does not actually turn and many guests have tried to force it to turn. I checked other doorknobs and they were loose as well. To enter room you have to turn the key to unlock door, then turn it the other way to unlatch and push open - a little tricky in the days of card keys and green lights telling you when to turn and push. Door had large gap at top where we could see the light from the room shining out. Another frequent complaint from previous reviews was that the deadbolts didn't work. Ours worked, but you had to grab the door knob and lift the door up a little bit for it to lock. Once we figured out these little tricks, it was fine.Upon entering, room was dingy and old looking with darker old-fashioned patterned furniture, dirty curtains, blah walls. Furniture in pretty good condition - couch had large support bar in center and hurt when I sat on it. Our coffee table had 4 glass inserts on top, 1 was very loose, one had a broken-off corner. Bathroom remodeled and attractive. Kitchen remodeled - beautiful. Room was hot when we arrived, had individual thermostat, able to turn off heat. Additional bonus for us - windows open wide, no limit to how far they open. This may by a concern for families with small children, however, but we loved it and had the windows open almost our entire stay to keep it cool in room (also helped with the weird smell).Very disappointed in jacuzzi tub - these are old apartments and so the tub was put into an existing bathroom and was smaller than traditional tub. We did not use it. Tub jets were also dirty.Beds - OK. Matresses firm, but still had sagging spot in middle, which I did not understand. Blankets and quilts did not work well with two people in bed if they didn't want to snuggle to be adequately covered - seemed small for bed.LOTS of storage, 2 walk-in closets which could actually sleep someone if needed. I used one as my personal changing room.Kitchen - more than adequate supplies for everything we wanted to do in the 3 nights we stayed here. They even had a whistling tea kettle, which I used the entire time.Ordered food from the Saloon Steakhouse - excellent food, a bit pricey due to being a steakhouse, but cheaper than traditional room service.Location is outstanding. Right next to John Hancock Building - our view was actually of the Hancock parking garage and side of the building. Across from Water Tower Place, 1 or 2 blocks from Mag Mile, very convenient.Check-out was smooth, no double-charges on credit card, staff friendly and helpful throughout stay. No concierge, but staff more than willing to answer questions. Overall, we were all pleased with our stay. We are used to staying in very nice hotels when we travel, so the appearance of the halls and rooms was off-putting, but the value, space and service more than made up for it. We will probably use this hotel for any future visits to Chicao when we just want a good room to stay in. If we want luxury, with cosmetic appeal, two-person jacuzzi tub and don't need tons of space, then we will pay A LOT more to stay somewhere else. But this will be our regular hotel from now on. Don't be scared of the Seneca, just go in with a realistic expectation and positive attitude and you will be fine. I can't say what the other rooms look like, and some of them may have bigger problems than ours did, but I wanted to give a detailed, honest account of our stay. I have included a lot of picures of both the good and bad things at the Seneca because I felt like this would have helped me. Hope this helps.	
Feb 29 2008 	Worst part of honeymoon!	Visited Chicago for our honeymoon and stayed at the Seneca for its location and good priced I recieved. This was our biggest regret of our trip. The hotel was very run-down! Our 'suite' was basically a run-down used efficiency apartment. I would not recomment this hotel! My husband and I also witnessed a male 5 week tenant at the lobby ATM with a questionable woman. We rode the elevator to the same floor and witnessed that they did not know each other and she followed him into his room. We did not feel safe at all due to the old doors and locks and kept a chair under the doorknob each night.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great location!	Loved the location: Next to Michigan Ave. and John Hanckok Center. We travelled with our 2 and 4 year old kids and the suite was big, clean, well located and the kitchen perfect.The only problem was the mand at the front desk who didn´t help at all while trying to make a reservation to get an airport shuttle. He made me call him at 5 a.m. (he said that was the time they opened) and I wake up and then he said to go and look for a telephone out in the street because we couldn´t do it by my phone!?!?!?!? Weird story.Anyway, the location is great and would definitely recommend it.	
Feb 25 2008 	A consistently good hotel	I have stayed at this hotel about 10 times, and am usually not disappointed. I know, it's not the Ritz or the Four Seasons, but it is a great hotel for the price. The location is great--1 block from michigan ave, next to the hancock buidling and water tower, a short walk to navy pier.This time we stayed in one of the king suites. Although it was much smaller than other suites i have stayed in at the Seneca, it is still larger than a regular hotel (you have a bedroom, living area, dining area, and full kitchen). I don't like to eat breakfast out, so we use the kitchen every morning. It's also great if you want to bring leftovers home from dinner! It's also nice to have the living area to relax instead of just sitting on the bed or a chair like most hotels.Rooms are adequately furnished, although some rooms are nicer than others. Some of the furnishings are getting a little worn, so I hope they begin replacing some of it.New workout room upstairs--small, but adequate. Roof-top deck in summer time.We paid $99/night. That is a bargain anywhere in the city, but especially when you have an apartment. I don't think I would pay over $200--I usually find rooms for under $180 on Quikbook.	
Feb 16 2008 	Felt like a queen in some ways...not in others.	My bf and I found out about specials through a friend via Shermans Travel. We called the day that we landed and made a reservation. We did request a jacuzzi tub but ended up getting a handicapped room, therefore not even a regular tub (not the hotel's fault but we were not notified of it at check-in). After going to our room, I returned to the front desk and they said that it was one of the last 2 regular rooms besides the presidential suite(s). We were only staying one night so there wasn't a dire need for the kitchen, but it was fully stocked with dishes, utensils etc. You could not adjust the heat of your specific room as it must have been run universally throughout the hotel. The bed (we upraded to a king) was a bit too bouncy and the rugs showed their age. The first front desk clerk was nice checking in but another one was not when I asked EXTREMELY politely about a room with a tub. Another thing...our room was at the end of the hall. If I was handicapped, I would not want to travel all the way down the corridor especially after being outside in the freezing cold. BTW the elevator from the 4th floor would not go down and the concierge did not open the door for us either.	
Feb 13 2008 	Perfect for the family!	Spent two nights in the double queen suite with kitchen, dining and living area. Everything was very clean, the beds were comfortable, and the staff was very nice. Lots of storage closets and a great showerhead. It was great to have the space to spread out with the kids, eat breakfast in, and the location was spectacular. Self park is right next door, Water Tower Place is kitty-corner and Michigan Ave, just one block away. Wow! And all for a great price. We'd stay there again in a heartbeat! Our daughter said she felt like a queen. No concierge on site, so make your plans ahead of time.	
Jan 21 2008	Dont be scared off	Just returned from our stay at the Seneca. I got a really good deal from travel zoo. From some of the bad reviews, We was scared to see what we got for the money. If your are of medium income don,t hesitate to book this hotel. The location can,t be beat. While it is an older hotel, It has spacious , clean rooms. The front desk treated us great. And while we didnt expect a free breakfast, that was also included. It was a complete breakfast an the best coffee. Everybody can,t afford the best hotels. Thanks to the Seneca for a great stay. We will go back .	
Dec 28 2007 	Very Tired Hotel	This hotel should be torn down and good use made of the property. We checked in--the blinds were broken and hanging at half-mast. Bedspreads were fifthy, the bathroom paper falling off--beds uncomfortable and hard pillows. They warn you to use the dead-bolt for security but one room had none and the door looked like someone had tried to get in. Management sent some up and fixed the blinds and the window and moved our children to another floor due to no dead bolt. The only plus was the restaurant (220 East) and the location. We stay in Chicago often and will never go near this place again--no matter how low the rate.	
Dec 22 2007 	Great rate then stay for sure.	Selected this hotel for our annual holiday weekend out in Chicago. Had not stayed there before, but got a super rate and read favorable reviews.Pros:- Location is right off N. Michigan Ave., so you're within walking distance of many restuarants, shopping, other attractions.- Room was large (for a city hotel) and clean.Cons- Check-in and checking luggage was disorganized. Room was ready, so we checked our luggage. Returned later to obtain room key and luggage. Some folks were waiting over 30 minutes for their luggage to appear. The whole area (front desk &amp; bellmen) seemed out of sync. But then again it was the busy season (Christmas).Would I return. Maybe. Depends on what sort of rate I could obtain. This time we had a room for 2-nights at $146/night which was very reasonable. If you can obtain a super rate, then this is a good choice. If not, then you have several other hotels that are comparable.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great Location	Plus points: Great location, 2 minute walk to the Magnificent Mile and Water Tower shopping center. Hotel is very clean and rooms are well equipped. Restaurant and bar are very nice with good service. Free breakfast. Free WiFi.Negative points: Check in staff are very rude, dated rooms. Overall this is a great hotel for the money, would stay again.	
Nov 21 2007 	Great location hated the beds	Not a luxury hotel, I thought that I got a great deal on a fancy hotel, but I was very disappointed when I walked into the room. The lobby was nice, no concierge, but the rooms are dated, and the bed was terrible!!! The rooms were very, very clean, however, and the kitchen was great- it was fully stocked with dishes, dishtowel and soap- a nice touch. All in all, I got what I paid for, an ok hotel, great location, but horrible beds. Also, we were supposed to get a free breakfast, and at check in they gave us vouchers for the 2 adults and said the kids didn't need one, but at bbreakfast the next day we were told that we had to pay for the kids, which ended up being almost $20.00! Also. don't park at the hotel, its a ripoff and there is other parking nearby at underground garages.	
Nov 19 2007 	Great Location	Great location, good service, a little outdated. Excellent value!!	
Nov 14 2007	Disappointing!!	We booked the Seneca because of the good reviews I had read on here. I think our first mistake was booking through an online travel agent instead of directly through the hotel. I believe they treat you differently if you get a discount rate (even though it wasn't that much cheaper!!). When we checked in the woman that served us was unfriendly and rude, basically didnt even acknowledge us.. plus the doormen didn't even open the door for us!! whats with that?? Our room, although big, felt dirty and seriously in need of re-doing! The desk staff in general were rude and not willing to help. very disappointing. Only good thing about this place is the location, close to the magnificent mile. Also, the Seneca cafe was good, served really nice food. Won't stay here again.	
Nov 12 2007 	A nice place to stay in Chciago	We stayed here 5 nights &amp; we recommend it for it's great location, friendly/helpful door staff, good breakfast, comfortable &amp; quiet room (#811) &amp; reasonable rates. Pizano's Pizza is a 5 minute walk from the hotel &amp; a good place to eat if you're checking in after dark.	
Nov 6 2007 	We loved the Seneca!	After reading some reviews of this hotel, we booked with trepidation. It was, however the best $ deal for the time period of our visit - four nights. We were most pleasantly relieved. Yes, it is a historic hotel, which we found ito be very clean with a good daily room cleaning service. The staff, from the various doomen to the front desk to housekeeping, were polite, charming and helpful. The location is terrific for walking, touring, running along the lakeshore and for shopping. Others must also be satisifed with the Seneca because it was booked solid this first week of November.	
Oct 31 2007	great area	Very cute older hotel in a fantastic area for a good price. The bathroom is small, but it's cute and reminds me of a small apartment, especially with the hidden kitchen in the room! Park across the street in the parking garage to save money.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great hotel	Stayed at the Seneca for only one night - 10/18. We were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite (went with sister) after payingfor only a 1 bedroom suite. Maybe we got the upgrade because it was a Thursday and not busy for the weekend yet. No free breakfast coupons as mentioned in other reviews but I was not about to ask since we already got an upgrade. Breakfast in restaurant downstairs was mediocre. Tables are too close together, you can hear every word your neighbiors are saying.The room was beautiful, we were on the 11th floor with views down Chestnut St. next to Hancock Building. Very clean, in fact carpets had just been shampooed and were still a little damp.Suite had 2 1/2 bathrooms, washer/dryer, full living and dining room and small kitchen. Huge closets. We were sorry to only be staying one night.We ate at the steakhouse downstairs. Very nice atmosphere and good food. Cocktails nice and strong! There was smoking in the bar though and that is hard to get used to when you are from California.Location is great, just steps to Michigan Ave. Easy walk to Navy Pier. Hancock Building literally next door. By the way, we enjoyed the skydeck at the Hancock building more than the Sears Tower. The viewing was better, you could get closer to the windows and look straight down, and it was less crowded.I will definetly go back next time we are in Chicago.	
Oct 22 2007 	Great location	Stayed from Thursday 11th Oct till Wednesday 17th Oct.Took cab from O'Hare, came to $36 plus tip. Hotel in great location, 2 mins walk from Magnificent Mile, right next door to Hancock Tower and Water Tower Place. Red line subway approx 5 mins walk.Hotel looks slightly dated but nice and clean, staff and door men excellent. Room nice and clean, no problem with hot water (whirpool in bath was a bonus!). Fridge slightly noisy so unplugged when nothing in, not a major problem though. No external noise so good nights sleep.Receptionist gave free tokens for breakfast in adjacent cafe (for value of $7.50), unexpected bonus. 2 restaurants on site also, didnt use steakhouse but would recommend the 200 E Chestnut for drinks and food, reasonable price and good quality (George the barman is a legend!).Used blue line back to O'Hare, took around an hour but only $2. We bought a 7 day CTA pass for subway/bus which worked out excellent value.Overall, would recommend, and would definatly stay again.	
Oct 21 2007 	Reliability and affordability in the heart of Chicago	I found an excellent deal on the Seneca via a budget travel site and booked the hotel by phone. The price was a third of what it would have cost for a three star hotel in that location. The hotel was close to everything...the Hancock building, the Water tower, the Magnificent Mile and theater district. The room was a bit shabby (small tears in the carpet and some holes in the wall plaster) and to be honest it had a strange smell. But it was tremendously clean, and I can forgive a hotel for a myriad of sins if it has clean and tidy rooms. The bed was comfortable, and I slept there happily. The lobby was very pretty, and the staff was helpful. Best of all, the hotel offered free wireless. I've stayed in a ton of luxury hotels that charge a fortune for that privilege. All in all, it is truly a three star hotel...it may not be the Ritz, but it's an attractive and affordable hotel in a fantastic location.	
Oct 17 2007 	Quaint hotel great location	The Seneca is an older hotel in a great Chicago location, right off Michigan Ave, and across from Drury Lane Watertower Theatre. My room was upgraded to a small suite, and my third floor room was very clean, but not much of a view. The kitchen was tiny, but had a stove, fridge, sink and microwave, and was separated from the sitting room by swinging doors (actually a full door cut in half vertically I think). Tons of closets (4-5, plus a linen section). World's narrowest bathroom! The only problem I encountered was no hot water for showers, just pretty warm. I was there with a business group, and no one else had that problem. Front desk staff were pleasant and accomodating. I would definitely give it another try; prices were incredibly reasonable for the area!	
Oct 16 2007 	Great friendly service	The hotel staff were very friendly and personable. The hotel was very tastefully done. Although we were given one of the older rooms it was very clean. The furniture was a bit dated but that didnt affect the stay. The hotel was right next door to the John Hancock Building. On Tuesday there is a farmers market one block away. You are within walking distance of anything you would want. And the bus system is wonderful. Get a pass at the visitors center at the clock tower one block from the hotel. The pass is only 5 a day all you want to ride and transfer. We love the Original Pancake house for breakfast. Ate there at least 4 times. Also love the cheese cake factory for what else the cheese cake. Take the boat tour of the city. It is truly beautiful. We found to be very safe in the area we were staying which is also only a brief couple blocks from lake michigan. I would definitely recommend a stay at the Seneca and will definitely stay there again. Remember though Chicago is very expensive. But ask the locals and they will tell you of some good cheap eats. Try Ronnies in the Theatre district. Buffet style diner but fantastic if not the best steak I have ever eaten.	
Oct 14 2007 	Would Stay here Again	My mom and I took a mother-daughter trip to Chicago in July 2007. It was the first time for both of us and we truly enjoyed it! We picked the Seneca for the price, location and free breakfast every morning (we booked through the United.com website). the location was close to perfect. Right next door to hancock building, which you have to go to the top of at night and during the day. Great views!! We took the Blue line to downtown and then we got a bit confused and ended up taking a cab to the hotel, but it was Ok, only about $10. One tip, it takes about an hour and a half to take the blue line from o'hare to downtown so plan accordingly. the red line is about 4 blocks away from our hotel and we took this down to State street (for great shopping) and to the theatre. It worked out perfect. Definetly get the $5 all day subway card. The rooms were clean, huge, and have a full kitchen. They are a bit outdated and need new carpet. Has a small bathroom, but for 2 people it was fine. Bed was a bit hard. We had a free full breakfast in the restaurant every day (eggs, pancakes, bacon, etc.) however this came from our package deal through the airline. Staff was very friendly, bellman always opening doors and hailing cabs for people. Overall, would stay again for the price, location and size of rooms.	
Oct 10 2007 	Ok for the price	Got a great rate of $95 thru a tip on this website. Room was avg, if I had paid $150-200 or more I would have been disappointed. The rm needed an update, carpet, etc. There was one queen bed (ok) but only one chair (which was wobbly). 2 chairs would have been nice, since there was a kitchenette and we made breakfast each am. Peaked into a suite, looked much nicer. Found parking for $26/nite 1 blk east and about 2 blks north. There are several garages located in condo bldgs much cheaper than the $45 valet parking. Overall, it was a great value for $95.	
Sep 30 2007 	Tired well-located hotel	The Seneca is in an old building; the rooms are spacious and the location is terrific, just steps away from Michigan Avenue and the great lake and its wonderful pedestrian/bike path. After that things go down a bit. The amenities, the sheets, the soap - they're all cheap. The toilet dripped all night; the non-smoking room retains a smoky smell from years of being smoke-filled. Whatever you do, do not ask Seneca to take care of any food needs. The breakfast that they catered included just expired yogurt; the lunch had spoiled jalenpenos. Amazing. I didn't know that they spoiled. With all of Chicago's nice hotels, skip this one.	
Sep 29 2007	Good hotel excellent location	Stayed at this hotel in late August 2007. Hotel is of a good standard in an excellent location and good value for the £52/night we paid. Had a small suite with good sized bedroom, good sized living area (with queen sleeper sofa) and small but fully equipped kitchen. Decor of room was a little tired but by no means terrible. Had dinner 1 night in hotel retaurant - excellent food. Hotel is right next door to the Hancock Tower and two minutes from Water Tower shopping mall and North Michigan Avenue, pleasant 15 minute walk to Wrigley Building or Navy Pier. All- in- all a good stay.	
Sep 9 2007 	Functional but not fancy...	My husband and I stayed here for 7 days in September and liked the hotel for the value. This was our first time in Chicago and I had seen how expensive the hotels can run. We got King Suite (w/ kitchen)for avg of $200/night for the 7 days. For the price (and relative to what other hotels were charging during same time period) it was a good value. Its in a great location for tourists (right next to Hancock building and Mag Mile) and not far from red line 'Chicago' stop (about 5-10 min walk) to get to rest of city (like loop, Cubs or White Sox games or comedy shows). The area its in a very safe and we had no problems walking around in the evening.To quote my husband, the hotel was 'Functional but not fancy' which sums the place up. The room was clean, kitchen was stocked with plates, glasses, a few pans to cook in. But the hotel is old and furniture looks like its seen better days..Our room had 2 TVs in it (one in the bedroom and one in the living room). The living room one made you think you had glacuoma cause the picture was blurry and obviously the tube was going. Since we had the other TV which was OK, we didn't ask them to replace the other TV.. The bathroom was clean and well-stocked with toiletries but it was a pretty tight room and you couldn't have more than 1 person using it at a time. Youdid get a good amount of space and closets so if you are staying for a week or more, you would appreciate the room. The kitchen was one of the main reasons we picked it so we could cookbreakfast ourselves and save some money (and not gain too much weight!). There is a supermarket 2-3 min walk away which is not bad and a WholeFoods 10 min walk away if you want more higher-end food orpremade lunch/dinners to take back to the room.If we come back to Chicago, we would definately consider staying here if the price is good relative to other hotels. If you can get a room for $200/night or less, its worth it..Or if you are staying for a week or more and want to be able to cook some meals yourself or have more room. But I doubt I would pay $300/night for this place.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Location; Reasonable Rates	Hotel Seneca is located next to John Hancock centre. Magnificent mile is one block away. Hotel is very clean and the staff is helpful. It is very busy in the summer months and advanced booking is recommended. Hotel was sold out during our stay there. Breakfast is included in the room rate and we really enjoyed it. Only issue is with the parking. Hotel parking is very expensive and cheaper parking is available nearby. We parked two blocks away and paid $ 50.00 for one and half days. Room rates are reasonably priced compared to the other hotels in the vicinity. We will definitely stay in this hotel when we visit Chicago next time.	
Sep 7 2007 	Loved Senaca	Initially I booked Senaca because of location and price and some fairly good reviews. For myself, it was a great experience and I will return. It is not a glitzy, high end, high tech hotel. You will not be surrounded by the young professional with briefcase and expensive clothes. You will not impress people with the price you paid, or the free hors d'oeuvres in the lobby. If that is what makes your stay, don't stay at the Senaca. It is quiet, and the cliente are casual and many times European. The rooms are neat, clean , spacious and decorated in Colonial. My room had a sitting area and a kitchen. It looked like it was painted and wall papered in the last two years. The free breakfast was bacon (ham or sausage) and eggs, french toast or pancakes. The best part of my experience was that I slept better here than any high end hotel I've been to. The sheets were soft and comfortable, the temperature upon entering was perfect and the &quot;air' quiet. Perhaps it was because this is an old building,I felt that the room was breathing, that is, a small amount of air exchange from the outside. It was not stuffy and did not smell of a cleaning solution. I did not feel trapped in a small, stuffy hotel room in a building with 1,000 other people (or more). I hit the bed and slept soundly. I was a single woman and did not fear for my privacy.Downfalls: The door knob was loose and once or twice I had to fidget with it; the hair dryer did not work, I was given a new one the next day, two pieces of furniture were old and scratched. If you need high tech, contemporary furniture, lots of young people exercising in the health center, and be surrounded by hundreds of career people in business attire and carrying computers, don't stay here.Highlights: Location the best, right behind the Hancock, good breakfast, good service, I had no problem getting a taxi. The two restaurants were excellent, the steak house is Zagut rated. The room was &quot;roomy&quot;, it smelt fresh, it was pleasant to sleep in, it was safe, it was not totally out of sight expensive. I will stay there again, happily.	
Sep 3 2007 	We will stay here again	I have stayed at nearly a dozen hotels in Chicago, from the Best Western to the Ritz. Although we usually do not spend much time in our room, I like a nice hotel with a room I don't mind hanging out in if necessary.I found the Seneca online through Hotwire (so I didn't choose it specifically, just the location and star level). We were VERY pleased with the location -- right off Michigan, behind the Hancock tower. New visitors to the city would be able to easily find their way around the shopping/touristy parts of the Mag Mile.I think the Seneca is a good value. All Chicago hotels are fairly overpriced, so value is important. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful when we asked for an extra key and extra pillows. Our room included a sitting area and a fully outfitted kitchen, which is very nice for having breakfast before starting the day. We did not eat at the restaurants (although the cafe offers a free hot breakfast) or use the parking service, so I can't speak to that. The bathroom seemed recently updated and was very clean. There is a fitness center which we did not use, but it was open 24 hours.A few drawbacks -- the lobby area can be chaotic as the Seneca seems to host a lot of groups (probabaly due to the good price). The hotel is older, so it is not as slick or modern as a newer property would be. Elevators are slowish and small. Our bed was not a traditional hotel bed, but a regular queen mattress on a plain metal frame. It slipped off the frame several times (simply from sitting on the bed). The bedspread was older and &quot;SENECA&quot; was written on the back in laundry marker -- not a big deal, just not the pinnacle of sophistication. I do like to be able to get a cab right outside my hotel, which was not available at the Seneca. However, we had no problem getting one at the corner or on the next block. Overall, there is nothing wrong with this hotel, especially for tourists most interested in shopping, sightseeing and experiencing the city. If you prefer a hotel where you can relax and enjoy luxury amenities, perhaps another property would work better for you.	
Aug 19 2007 	Loved the Seneca	It was our first time in Chicago and we stayed at The Seneca. Check-in was smooth and we booked a suite which turned out to be huge. It was also clean and well maintained. It had a bedroom with 2 double beds, a separate living area/extra bed area and a fully fitted kitchen. It was next to the Hancock Tower, a shopping mall with places to eat and drink, just off the mile and within walking distance to Navy Pier. Bus stops are also just at the end of the block. We received breakfast vouchers which we were not expecting - an added bonus. We really enjoyed our night here. Staff were friendly - especially the Spurs fan on the door!	
Aug 4 2007 	Met my expectations - Will stay again if I go to Chicago again.	The TripAdvisor website helped me with my choice when booking through hotels.com so I have to contribute back. First off, my rate was $150 US/night so I am basing my review in relation to what I paid. Also, aside from the fact of its great convenient location, my rating of Neutral/Average is strictly rating the hotel and the price I paid. Room is average, nothing great, but served its purposes easily as I was in town for a convention. I stayed on the 4th floor and only had 1 bed. Was in town for 4 nights.GOOD THINGS :Tons of closet space, 2 closets, 1 having shelves which was great. Electronic safe in unit as well. Full size fridge/freezer which was very handy. Free wireless internet, though very slow connection. They change access codes on Monday, so take note if it stops working, you will need to call down and ask for new code. When searching for the connection, note it is NOT &quot;seneca&quot; as that is their in-house server. Choose the connection that has the strongest signal, I forget the name. Large washroom, wide bathtub, not the ones your bump your arms into the wall. Quiet hotel, even though its full-house, don't hear much noise. Thick light blocking curtain that closes, not the type that is fixed and can't close. Full stove, but never needed to use it.BAD THINGS :Microwave door latch was a bit broken. Light bulb in one light was broken. Old fashion door with key. Tons of kitchen cupboards that take up space. Warm to cold water. There is not hot water in the shower. Very small elevator, holds 5 people. If anyone has a suitcase, maybe holds 2 people and their luggage. Staff was average, not the most friendly and attentive, but not rude either. Bed was a bit old, a little lopsided, old springs I guess. Only 2 pillows, extra were in plastic in the closet. Still have old bed covers which I removed. Room had aircon and it was 85F when I went. Didn't matter which setting I had the fan on, it always seemed to be the same temp and velocity. But it was comfortable for me, maybe not for a couple or family.LOCATION :One of the best. Walked everywhere and it only took 5 to 10 minutes to get where I needed to go. Went to 2 shopping malls, 6 different restaurants, pharmacy, etc. Everything is close by and area is very safe. Never needed a taxi except to get to convention center and airport. Walked to Rush Street restaurants and clubs, 2 shopping malls, Apple Store, Niketown, Adidas, Puma, Giordano's pizza, Sephora, etc. I didn't have high expectations of the hotel. I just wanted it to be safe and clean and the Seneca definitely was good for the price I paid and I will book again if I go to Chicago.	
Aug 2 2007 	A Concern	This letter was written to the General Manager Michael VitoMr. Vito,I am writing regarding a concern about your front desk operations. Generally my stay at your hotel July 29 - 31 was pleasant and relaxing. The front desk staff at check - in was courteous and helpful, the room was spacious and clean and the physical plant was overall decorated well with attention to detail. A scan of on line reviews of your facility before my visit was mixed to positive with the majority of concerns consisting of complaints about the demeanor of staff and the age of the hotel. It was my intention before this morning to add a positive review to the on - line travel sites.I contacted the front desk at 1:30 ish on monday night/tuesday morning to request a 5:30 a.m. wake up call. The staff wished me a good night and I went to sleep. When I turned over the clock read 6:00 am which I thought strange until I noted the same time on my pda.After a quick shower and a call to the valet I checked out at the front desk . I indicated that I did not receive the requested wake up call and requested he check for me. He confirmed that it was on the list but merely shrugged his shoulders as an explanation. I missed my flight to Los Angeles and I am now in the unique hell that is contemporary air travel. Hotel operations are complex organizations and any one piece (housekeeping, front desk, reservations management) can cause a guest to respond negatively to their stay. You can be proud of the performance of your staff. My stay was largely glitch free, positive and I would recommend, with reservations your hotel. However, it is important that the overnight desk staff, which in most circumstances are junior employees, understand that all components of their work is critical to the experience of the guest and of course business operations. I will be sharing this letter with a couple of on line blogs and travel review sites.	
Aug 2 2007 	TERRIBLE!	This hotel was awful. For $300, the room was tiny, old, musty, and filthy. The desk staff is quite simply and literally, without exaggeration, incompetent. Even worse still, two months after the stay, an unauthorized charge from the hotel (for something seemingly unrelated to our stay) showed up on my credit card! The charge has been traced to them, and is in dispute. Poor accomodations and poor service are bad - but, not being able to trust a merchant with your credit card information is beyond unacceptable.	
Jul 25 2007	Roomy and convenient	We stayed at The Seneca several years ago and had only the regular double sized room, which was small for family with children. Checked it out again for this trip due to convenience and availability of true suites (many suites in Chicago are 1 king and sofa--not family friendly). The suite was huge and very comfortable. Queen sized beds are a plus. Not the most modern but clean. Bathrooms are quite small. This building was originally mostly apartments and that is what you are getting with suite. Our rate included the parking and was reasonable for downtown. We also received breakfast coupons. They originally only made out one coupon as my husband had made reservations as a single business traveler but there was an additional coupon under the door in the morning for me--just a little extra service. Its location is terrific for shopping, restaurants and the CTA red line. Would not hesitate to recommend, especially for families wanting space and convenience.	
Jul 18 2007 	Loved the Seneca Chicago	Loved this hotel for its location, price &amp; friendly service.Great diner downstairs for breakfast &amp; the steak house was fantastic, pricey but worth it. Location 1 block from the John Handcock Tower, beside Cheesecake factory ... great for lunch.	
Jul 17 2007 	Would Stay Here Again	Charming Old Style Hotel across the street from the John Hancock building. Right in the heart of N. Michigan Avenue district, near all the main attractions. RIght near the Red Line and ALL buses.Hotel lobby recently renovated with lots of wood panels. Old World Charm. Rooms are very spacious. I had a full kitchen stocked with everything. Rooms can use some updating but it was fine.Maid service excellent. Hotel staff top. Highly recommend.	
Jul 11 2007 	Outstanding value Great Location	An older, but extremely well-appointed and maintained &quot;maginificent mile&quot; hotel at a bargain price. Appearance of the hotel (inside and out) is that of a traditonal, well-established NYC manhattan hotel; it is kitty-corner to the John Hancock Center, and a city block walk to Michigan Avenue shopping. We booked a &quot;deluxe double&quot; room which included a full kitchenette (4-burner stove.oven; refrigerator; coffee maker; microwave). Breakfast coupons were included based on the number of &quot;adults&quot; in the room that can be used on the on-premises Chesnut Street Grille restaurant--more of a deli-- (one flight down): two eggs, ham or sausage; toast or pancakes, and coffee. The host offered to allow food substitutions if the difference in price was paid (except beverage: coffee is it), that is the coupon os worth $7.50. Most main breakfast items were $7.75-$9.25. Desk staff was efficient and friendly. They have wireless Internet. We used the parking garage directly across the street wich was $25 overnight vs. $43 valet (plus tax) at the hotel; of course you get no &quot;in and out&quot; proivileges with that. The attendants were attentive. Great value!!	
Jul 10 2007 	Great Location	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel. The first stay was about 4 years ago. I was pleasantly surprised to see the hotel seems to have gone through some renovation. The lobby is small but very nice and comfortable. I love the location right next to the John Hancock building as I always have to visit the signature room for a drink! Within 2 blocks of the hotel there are all my favorite shops and i like being close to rush street for food.This hotel is not the most luxurious but I love the large rooms. The hotel is clean and the staff are very helpful. We booked a King Suite and upon arrival were upgraded to a Presidental Suite with free internet access and free breakfast. The suite had a bath and half, washer and dryer, full kitchen, dinning area, living room, seperate bedroom, seperate shower and tub. If we can find a decent rate ($150-$250/night durring the summer on a weekend) we will definatley stay here again.	
Jun 29 2007 	We loved this hotel and would definately stay here again	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Seneca June 16-18, 2007. We booked it because it was on the more inexpensive end of hotels but within walking distance to subway stops and other attractions. We booked direct on the Seneca's official website and I also believe we got a AAA discount. We arrived on Sunday June 16 around 1:30 (We took Amtrack to Chicago Union station and walked to the redline subway station at Jackson and State and took that up to Chicago and State and walked from there. It was not a bad walk). The woman had a room ready for us but told us that if we wanted to switch rooms, there may be a better one, but told us to go see if we liked that one. It was a fine room, regular queen bed and bathroom, with kitchenette. We wanted to be adventurous so we took our chances and asked for the other room. She said it wouldn't be ready until 3 so we left our luggage and got lunch. Came back around 3 and it wasn't ready, but she checked in on it and said it would be ten minutes. Ten minutes later, she said she had upgraded us to a suite and that it was ready. We were floored! We never asked to be upgraded but heck, why not?! We got to the room (1220) and it was HUGE! It had a full kitchen (stove, full size fridge, microwave dishwasher), 1 half bathroom, 1 full bathroom with jacuzzi, king bed, and separate living room/dining room. Also had two tvs. Our window looked out at the John Hancock Building (see pictures). It was COOL!We never heard any noise from anyone during our two night stay. My only complaint was that on Monday we were out the whole day and came back around 3 and the room had not been made up yet.. We left the sign on the door to make up the room and it was made up by the time we got back around 4:30/5. No biggie. Check in/Check out were a breeze. Some other guests mentioned that they were offered a free breakfast with their stay. We were not told of this nor did we see signs, so we did not get breakfast at the hotel. We were not told of the exercise equipment or spa pool (if there was one). It didn't matter though because we were out most of the time anyway. This hotel is in a GREAT location. We walked everywhere (or took the red line subway). We went to The Original Pancake House for breakfast Monday morning, I definately recommend it to anyone! The Hancock building also has a Cheesecake Factory in the basement (like a one minute walk from the hotel). They always have great food, too. Ghiradelli also is close and they have great desserts.Like I said, we definately liked this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 26 2007 	Wonderful Location	We stayed at the Senaca for a &quot;Sister&quot; get-a-way and you can not beat the location / price. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was clean. We opted for self-park across the street, which was super easy to do, and saved 20 something dollars for parking. I was a little surprised that everything was as old as it was, I think the rooms could use a little updating.... but everything was very clean. Beds were very firm (which my sisters prefer), no padding on the matresses. However the linens were nice, not at all stiff or scratchy. As I said, we LOVED the location. We walked to Second City and to the river for boat cruise. It is a wonderful location and far and away the best priced hotel I could find anywhere near there.	
Jun 22 2007 	Don't stay here	When we booked our hotel reservation, we chose this place because of its location - right by Michigan Ave. We should have known that for where it is located, its price was way too cheap. When we arrived, we had to put our luggage in storage because our room wasn't ready (we were an hour early), which was ok except that the guy who came to get our luggage barely spoke English and had tons of bags sitting in the lobby- all of which were supposed to be in luggage. So we were concerned about leaving our luggage with him. We came back in the evening and got our room keys. They never told us that our keys had an electronic chip in them to open the main door to get to the rooms, and as we were trying to figure it out for several minutes how to get the door open, no one at the desk told us even though they were just sitting there. Other guests coming in told us and said that they had the same problem when they arrived and no one had told them. Then we got to our room, and the door was very difficult to open and shut. The bed sagged on one side, so if I rolled over too far, I would roll right out. The place was fairly clean and a nice size, but the bed wasn't comfortable at all. We stayed for 3 days, and on the 2nd day the toilet would not flush and was actually backing up from whatever was in the lines already. I went to the desk and told them the problem and said that we would be out all day. They promised the problem would be fixed by the time we got back. When we got back, our door was unlocked (we had definitely locked it before we left) and nothing was fixed. There was a message on our phone saying our door was double locked (which is impossible if you are not in the room) so they couldn't get in and it was our fault it wasn't fixed or cleaned. The toilet was absolutely disgusting. There was literally stuff backing up into it. So I went to the desk and complained. There were 2 people at the desk and they just looked at me and said, &quot;what do you want us to do about it?&quot; I told them that I wanted it to be fixed because we had no working toilet in our bathroom. They sent someone up, and he did fix it but used all of our clean towels to wipe his hands. But he told us he was going to personally see that a maid came to clean the bathroom and give us fresh towels, and no one ever showed up. Also, on the phones, they had no numbers or information to call the desk. And to use the internet, they never tell you what you need to do unless you go specifically ask for a password. Luckily, we assumed that we needed one. We had to walk downstairs every time we needed something, and we needed a lot since nothing would work the first time. Like other visitors have commented, the hot water only exists occasionally and water pressure is not good no matter what time of day you choose to shower. I'd suggest paying the extra $100 a night if you want to stay at a hotel close to Michigan Ave...at least then you will have working bathrooms and beds that aren't broken.	
Jun 19 2007 	A gem	Great location (one block from the Magnificent Mile). Convenient in terms of public transportation. Great price $140 (discounted price). Clean. Quiet. Very spacious. Essentially a one-bedroom apartment complete with kitchen, dining area, sitting room, bedroom, 2 TV's (my son liked that), and multiple closets. If I had to change anything, it would be to upgrde the carpets--a little dowdy. The pillows were a little too firm for my tastes. If you like having your head at a 45 degree angle, they are fine. My son had no issue with the pillows.	
Jun 9 2007 	Fantastic location great price	My Wife and I stayed here for 3 nights in early May. The room was very spacious and included a fully equipped kitchenette. There was plenty of closet space and a safe in the room for no extra charge. Also included was breakfast each morning up to $7.50 value, which was excellent in nice surroundings. There are two restaurants and a bar within the hotel. The bar is great for a late drink before bed and we found the staff to be very hospitable. The hotel is next door to the John Hancock Centre and yards away from Michigan Avenue. We paid $135 plus taxes per night which is great value for the location and would definitely stay here again.	
May 23 2007 	Near everything and not priced as such!	This was my second visit to Chicago and while the first one was at the Drake, I wasnot expecting to stay in that area purely because of the price. However, there was a gem I had not discovered called The Seneca. The hotel is just off Michigan Avenue and I am talking 100 metres. If you make a right and then walk 50 metres, you get to the John Hancock Observatory. Left then 50 metres takes you to Lakeview Drive. Also close by are the Museum of Contemporary Art, the metro/subway, the wealth of shops and restaurants around the Magnificent Mile and for a longer walk, Grant &amp; Millenium Park are also nearby. Tourist buses also pick up at the top of the street.The hotel has an antique feel to it and while the rooms may seem a bit dated, they are well-kept, soundproofed (windows anyway) and well-ventilated. A lot of the rooms include a kitchen so you could even eat in from Walgreens or something.The staff are very professional, as check in took a minute or so and what made our stay worthwhile was their willingness to keep our luggage while we killed time waiting for our flight. Definitely my hotel of choice when I visit Chicago again!!!	
Apr 18 2007 	Seneca Hotel--Great Location!	My three sisters-in-law and I spent four nights at the Seneca, while touring Chicago. We had two rooms for the four of us. It was perfect! The location is between Lakeshore Drive and Michigan Avenue, and very convenient to bus lines and/or walking. It's also across the street from the Watertower Shopping Mall &amp; Food Court. The hotel was a jewel. Each room apparently has a unique lay-out, and all of the rooms (I think) have complete kitchenettes: stove, microwave, refrigerator, some dishes, sink; also ample closet space. The rooms were clean, comfortable and quiet. The hotel has two places to eat, a coffee shop for breakfast and a nicer restaurant for dinner. But the staff was really what won us over. The front desk personnel were friendly, helpful and accomodating. I would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 17 2007 	What a find! My new favorite hotel	Honestly I was hesitant about staying at the Seneca, based on some previous postings here at TripAdvisor. I actually called the manager in advance of my visit to discuss my concerns and found him to be very responsive and forthright. So I went forward with my booking and am THRILLED that I did.As other travelers have stated, the location CANNOT BE BETTER.(The Ritz Carlton is a block away.) You're 2 blocks from Michigan Avenue. It's fabulously convenient.Our room had been renovated, so we had excellent accommodations. Loved having the kitchen. Housekeeping service was A+ -- the room was very clean.The ladies at the front desk were super helpful, I would especially commend Katherine. I was traveling with my 8-year-old daughter, so safety was always my first issue. Katherine never steered me wrong on any recommendations.The doormen were also VERY helpful and cheerful. All in all, it was a terrific experience. This will be my new home away from home when I am in Chicago. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great location 	The Seneca is located just next to the Water Tower place, the best shopping mall in Chicago. So the location was fantastic, there was also a Starbucks just down the same road. Other stores like Victoria Secret, Filene´s basement (a great designer outlet store), Barnes &amp; Noble , The cheese cake factory were just around the corner. I stayed on the third floor and still the pressure wasn´t that great for the shower and it took 15 minutes or more to get warm water. Apart from that the room was great. All rooms have a complete kitchen with fridge and microwave. This made my week-long stay more nicer. Free internet service in the entire hotel too.I really recommend you to stay at this hotel.	
Mar 19 2007 	Perfectly fine.	The Seneca is perfectly pleasant. It's not a high end hotel, so if you go in understanding that, you'll be fine.Pros:-The rooms are very large, with full kitchens and dining areas. This is great for traveling families.-The front desk staff is helpful and responsive-The lobby area is comfortable and beautiful-Fantastic location-Low cost-The room cost does include a continental breakfast. It is very simple (bagels, toast, muffins fruit) and does not contain any proteins. Cons:-The beds are very uncomfortable. I was in a king suite and the mattress was just worn and sloped down to the middle. -You have to toggle back and forth between a large room key and an electronic key fob for access to different points within the hotel.-The doormen could have been more responsive with things like hailing taxis.-The bathrooms are very outdated and are awkward to function in.-The rooms are a bit oversized for a standard business traveler in town for only a day or two. Your money would be better spent at a place with better beds. All in all, it was just... fine. It's not spectacular, but it's functional and clean for a traveling couple/family who is looking to stay in a great location on a meager budget and plans on cooking.	
Mar 14 2007 	A good deal in an expensive area	This hotel is located just east of the Water Tower Place shopping center, a couple of blocks off North Michigan Avenue, and about two blocks from the lake. We booked at the last minute on Orbitz and got a suite for about $132, including taxes. For this area and for downtown Chicago in general, this is a good price. Valet parking is $40 with unlimited in and out, but the doorman steered us to a nearby commercial garage, East of the hotel on Chestnut, that is $23 overnight. Our room was actually an efficiency apartment with a small but completely equipped kitchen. Apparently some of the units in this building are rented longer term. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable, but was not a top of the line fancy hotel bed. The furniture and fixtures were a little tired but everything except the whirlpool tub worked. Shampoos and soaps were plentiful and of high quality. Ironing board and iron, hair dyer, and extra pillows and blankets were in the room. Desk, chair, and plenty of lamps. I did not test the Internet connections. A fairly basic Continental breakfast is included in the room rate. They had breads, bagels, muffins, cereal, juices. No eggs or waffles.The hotel was quiet. It does not have large meeting facilities and there were no crowds. There are a New York delicatessen and a very expensive steakhouse in the building that are not affiliated with the hotel. The staff was friendly but we did not put any great demands on them. The Seneca is not fancy or luxurious but it is clean, quiet, well-maintained, conveniently located, and very reasonably priced. It would be a great place for a family vacation in Chicago or for an extended business stay.	
Feb 28 2007 	Would Stay There Again	We stayed at the Seneca Hotel, Chicago for six days in February. We had a queen suite which was huge. Location was fabulous, right beside The Hancock Building and The Magnificent Mile. Reception were more than helpful with any query we had. Breakfast was included, selection was good, but not a huge amount of seating room. Overall, wonderful value for money. We plan to stay there on our next visit to Chicago.	
Dec 12 2006 	Loved Seneca	On a 4 day stay at the Seneca Hotel in Chicago. Had a 1 bedroom suite. Was spacious, clean and a heck of a deal at 110 per night. The bonus of an added kitchen was great and the location cannot be beaten. Right in the heart of it all. I cannot say enought nice things about the hotel and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. Went with my mother and 3 year old daughter. The added sofabed in the living room was a big bonus!	
Dec 7 2006 	Perfect hotel for visiting Chicago	The Seneca Hotel is a very understated place to stay while in Chicago. I've been there six times in the past four years, both for business and pleasure. The location is excellent, the price is perfect, and the rooms are large.Each room includes a kitchen; complete with fridge, microwave, oven, and sink. A small supply of cooking utensils are even included.It isn't the newest hotel out there, and it isn't impeccibly clean. You won't feel like a superstar staying here, but unless you make that much money, you will no doubt appreciate the savings.That being said, I have never enjoyed a hotel more than The Seneca. Step out the door and within two minutes you're on Miracle Mile. It's right next to the John Hancock Center (you know - the second tallest building in Chicago). Cheesecake factory is in the base of JH Center, and a GREAT place to eat. There's a market around the corner if you want to make your own meals.Within a ten minute walk is the Water Tower, Chicago River, 100's of stores, Rush Street, and even the lake.At $100/night less than most hotels in the area, it is an excellent place to stay. There is a steak house in the hotel, which I've heard is good although I've never tried it.Some typical problems at the Seneca are the same as most hotels. There may not be much hot water during peak times, I wouldn't check the cleanliness with a white glove, and the front desk workers aren't naturally friendly; although just talk to them nicely and they will return the favor.You'll find from my other reviews that I enjoy spending less on the hotel and more on having fun elsewhere. I've stayed here by myself, with a business partner, and even with my family including five kids under 6.I'd recommend the suite with valet parking. There is a large living and dining area, a bedroom with its own bathroom, and you can go in and out with your car all day long. Parking in Chicago is expensive and difficult to come by especially in this area.	
Nov 26 2006 	The Best Little Secret in Chicago	Chicago: The Seneca Hotel, Chicago, IlDate: Nov. 26, 2006Reviewer: San Clemente, CAJust got back from Chicago and had a fabulous time. This hotel was the greatest. Clean and reasonable, friendly staff, great location, directly across from the Water Tower Plaza and John Hancock Building (go to the 96th floor for a cocktail). In walking distance to everything, one block from Michigan Ave. (The Magnificent Mile). Fitness center very clean with all the necessary equipment. Didn't use any other facilities. We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite, perfect for 4 people and you can't beat the price. I will definitly stay at this place again and recommend to everyone I talk to. You can't beat it.	
Nov 22 2006 	terrific stay; great staff; perfect location!	you can't go wrong with the seneca; rooms are huge in those vintage buildings; our room had a full kitchen! grocery store a block away; we cooked our own meals for a couple days. staff very friendly, room clean, right in the middle of shopping district! highly recommended!	
Nov 11 2006 	Nightmare	Booked a 3 night stay, Nov. 6-9, 2006 , at this property because of the location in downtown Chicago. The first night we were in a room with an inoperable air conditioner. We were given a another room on the second day of our stay. I went in the bathroom to use the jacuzzi and lo and behold, there was rusty water coming out of the faucet when I turned it on. We were moved to another room on the third day and this rooms refrigerator was buzzing like it was about to explode. Needless to say, we would not be able to sleep because of the loud noise from the refrigerator. So we had to be moved to yet another room which was the last night of our stay. The general manager of the hotel expressed his apologies, but only after the third day of moving us from room to room. My travel agent on a 3 way call with us called the property to speak with the manager and was told he was not on property, which we knew was not true because we had just spoken to him. Needless to say, I would not recommend this property. It is in a great location, but to be moved to three rooms during a four night stay is unbelievable. The rooms need updating and maintenance needed on the appliances in the rooms.	
Nov 8 2006 	Seneca was wonderful	We just returned from a three night stay in Chicago. The Seneca hotel was in a perfect location... close to shops and restaurants and nightlife. We had a great time. The rooms weren't huge, but they had all the space you need for a very comfortable stay including a full kitchen. We had one small problem with the gas stove in our room, but had it fixed within about ten minutes of calling the front desk. The rooms were comfortable and clean. The cafe downstairs makes a great breakfast if you just want a casual bite or delicious omelet. Service was friendly and prompt. A+!	
Oct 18 2006 	Awful experience	My daughter and I booked a 2 night stay in the Seneca in early October 2006. We'd been to the steakhouse in the Seneca for an incredible meal on a previous occasion. The location is fantastic and the building looked very nice, so we thought it would be good to stay there on our next visit. The room we had was small and could use some updating but the rates are unbeatable for downtown Chicago. The morning after our first night we were contacted by the front desk @ 10:30 and informed that we needed to check out of the hotel because we were only booked for a 1 night stay. We had booked the room with their local sales manager, she had said there would be no problem with 2 nights when we made the reservation. Checkout time is 11am and their calling us @ 10:30 makes me suspect they must have overbooked the hotel. We asked them to help us find another place to stay and the manager printed out a list of hotels in Chicago which he gave to us and said that was help enough. Our situation was already stressful as we were in town to see a family member that is in the hospital. Mr. Corey Steinberg is the hotel manager, he didn't apologize, he didn't care about us being in Chicago with no place to stay nor did he seem to care about how he treated us. The staff appeared to be embarrassed and did try to help us once the manager had stepped away. Either way they basically kicked us out with no place to stay and it was insulting and frustrating to be treated in this manner. In our haste to pack up and get back to the hospital we ended up leaving our cell phone in the room. Which we didn't realize until several hours later while standing bedside at the hospital. The local hotel staff couldn't find our new razor phone and now somebody else is answering and hanging up when we call with the hope they will return the phone. In 30 years of traveling around the world I've never met a hotel manager with less care or concern for his guests. And I think the rating of horrible needs to be added below terrible in order to describe our experience.	
Oct 2 2006 	Loved the Seneca	We just returned from a two night stay at the Seneca,Sept. 28 &amp; 29. We paid for a queen deluxe room andfor whatever reason, we were placed in a one bedroom suite with a kitchen. It was spacious &amp; very clean.The staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The location is fabulous. We enjoyed a great steakdinner at the Steakhouse Saloon also at the hoteland danced to the jazz trio at the Grill Lounge.A wonderful Chicago experience. We'll go bacxk.The Mulligans	
Sep 9 2006	Great Hotel	Excellent Hotel in downtown Chicago only 2 blocks from Michigan ave. Was in town for 1 night for a Cub's game and was a little weary after reading some of the reviews. Entire staff was extremely pleasant &amp; helpful from the valet to the front desk.I booked a &quot;king suite&quot; room for a AAA rate of $109 a night a few months in advance on the hotel's website. The room was very large, extremely clean, and a great value in Downtown Chicago. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in downtown Chicago at a very affordable price.	
Sep 1 2006 	Good for the money	As my friend and I continue to tour every ballpark in the USA. The Seneca Hotel worked great for our 1 night stay and our trip to US Cellular Field. The hotel is within walking distance to an EL station on Chicago Street and the red line took us right to the ballpark. It's right across the street from the Hancock Center and only a few block from The Mile. For $110 on Hotels.Com; the price could not be beat for the location!! Also within walking distance from some quality neighborhood taverns (a post-game ritual). The pillow wasn't the best and the bathroom was tiny. However, after a night at the ballpark and a night on the town. Who Cares? Just needed a place to crash and it worked great! I would stay here again for the price.	
Aug 31 2006 	Great location but Really yucky	We booked 2 nights Aug. 17 and 18 at about $110 inclucing taxes per night (bundled in a package from yahoo travel). Location was great, staff was friendly, lobby was lovely, but our room was seriously lacking. Decor was horrid as was the view from the 17th floor. But it was clean enough, just really worn down with water stained ceiling, mismatched furniture, uncomfortable bed, pilly bedspread, and extremely stained carpet. Also had terrible water pressure and the toilet ran nonstop. On on 2nd night we had the opportunity to stay elsewhere (free of charge) so we split after one night. By the way, I am NOT a neat freak or a germaphobe, just a normal person.Now I know 110 a night for downtown is &quot;SUPER FANTASTIC&quot; for Chicago... but it is still 110 dollars and who wants to be grossed out for 110 a night? I regret paying $110 - I should've upgraded and not been such a cheapskate!Readers who are sceptical about the Seneca have to decide1) the value2) personal tollerance of the &quot;yucky&quot; factor3) the benefits of the location If you want to save $75 to $150 and can deal with old shaby lodgings... this is the place for you!	
Aug 29 2006	Not what we expected	We were disappointed in this hotel, especially after it had been recommended by friends and family. We were expecting it to have just been renovated, but apparently, the room we received had not. First, check in time was 3:00, but our room was not ready for at least an hour after that. I couldn't get the bellman to take my luggage, so someone had to wait with it in the lobby. The room seemed old and dark, the bed and sofabed were not comfortable, and the bathroom was very small. The service was slow when it happened. We called for towels, but they never came. The staff was not very friendly, except for the doorman. After one night, we decided to move to another hotel.	
Aug 22 2006 	Great location and value for the money!	Okay, if you want to spend $350 a night for a room, go somewhere else. But if you want great value in the shadow of the Hancock, two blocks from Rush, one block from Michigan, two blocks from Oak Street Beach and a $10 cab ride (for four) to just about anywhere in the Loop and surroundings then go to the Seneca. Our room was clean, updated, roomy and included a kitchette. Our price? $102 Thursday, and $165 Friday and Saturday. (Two million people were there that weekend for the air show - not to mention a sold out Cubs/Cards game, a Bears preseason game and the Tut exhibit!) Would return in a heart beat.	
Aug 21 2006 	Price?Location? Why go elsewhere?	We stayed at the Seneca for 3 nights during Cubs vs. Cardinals, and I too was a little nervous about the reviews.But, after locking this place down for less than $150 (via Travelocity) in the heart of the city for one of the busiest weekends of the year (always sells out in Chi-town during Cards games…) I was open to anything.The foyer is super nice, and we checked in about 9 pm on a Thursday night, and checking in late was no problem. No construction noticed…The room was a little dated, but everything was functional, but the A/C was iffy…more on that later…There are two queen beds, that are a little firm, but most hotels are this way.It had a little kitchenette perfect for quick meals, and holding booze, soda, water in the fridge.The bathroom was nice, and the shower was pleasantly enjoyable. Only complaint is the A/C. It wasn’t that hot that weekend, but the A/C stayed around 77-78 the whole time, even though we had it on low. We did have 4-6 people in the room, but it wasn’t super bad, just not as cold as wanted.We couldn’t hear any other rooms, and we really heard no noise from anything else…The area is great, I did not feel at harm at all, even at night when we walked from the ‘L’ to the hotel. The ‘L’ is about 4-5 blocks away, and with light luggage, or roller luggage, it’s not far at all.Lakeshore and Michigan are both just a couple blocks away.The Hancock tower is literally a stone’s throw away, so is the mall.The Art Institute is close too.There is a Walgreens about 2-3 blocks away too, perfect….ITS IN A GREAT LOCATION.We are all late 20s (I turned 26 this weekend, this was my bday present!) and had no major complaints. There is plenty room for 4 people.Stay here, I will again!	
Aug 16 2006 	great hotel and location!	great hotel! huge room! small bathroom. had a kitchen which helped when we brought back leftover pizza! we loved giodarnos and had them freeze it, we put it in the freezer until we left for home...very handy-also had a microwave! great location too..a great mall right across of the hotel, go to the john hancock tower for drinks-great view! we had a blast in chicago...enjoy!	
Aug 15 2006 	Go for it - better than reviews indicate	Ok, here's the scoop. Lots of spotty reviews here, but all relatively minor. I was nervous too after reading all of these, but found myself pleasantly surprised with the Seneca.First of all remember this: You are flanked on the south by the Ritz-Carlton, on the North by the Drake Hotel, and on the west by the Four Seasons. You are also 1 block from the Mag Mile and in the shadow of the amazing Hancock building. So right away, your are doing good if you end up here.On to the hotel itself, we stayed for 2 nights in mid-august for $109/night. Again, anything remotely close to this location will cost you at least double. Another win.The bellman and doormen we very professional, funny and nice. Front desk staff gave fine service, and the lobby construction is complete and looks very nice and not cramped at all. We were given a king suite on the second floor. I didn't hear a spot of noise and slept fine all night. The room was a little tired, but one should be able to overlook this for the price and location. If not, go spring for a room at the Ritz.This room had 2 giant rooms, closets galore, and a small kitchen. This would be an amazing find if I had kids as we could all stay comfortably in one room. There were 2 TVs. The kitchen has everything you could need for a trip, and the bathroom was recently remodeled.There were little things wrong, like tables not being completely wiped down, a small tear in the sheet, one TV remote need batteries etc, but nothing really major.Breakfast room service was awesome from the Deli, fast, cheap, and hot. The Saloon Steakhouse is ok, but given the 10 other steakhouses in downtown Chicago, you can do much better. Get a reservation at Gibsons instead.So all in all, I think all the complaints about this place are a wash when price and location are taken into account. As long as you're not trying to impress a first date or be on your honeymoon, go for it.	
Aug 6 2006 	Wish I could have liked it more	I really wish I could have liked the Seneca more than I did. The space you get for the price is sensational and the location is terrific. However:--When we checked in, we were given a smoking room on the second floor. My reservation was for a non-smoking room. The desk clerk insisted that her list showed the room she gave us was a non-smoking room. Uh uh -- there were ashtrays scattered around the room and it reeked of cigarettes.--Air conditioning never worked worth a hoot. We understood that on the first day, when the temps were nearly 100 degrees in a city where it doesn't get that hot, but the temps dropped after that and our room never cooled below about 78 degrees. I heard several other guests with the same complaint.--We left a wake-up call for our second day there and never got it. Fortunately we had set another alarm.--The kitchen lacked some basic cooking utensils (it had pots and pans, but one kitchen knife and nothing like, say, a spatula); the handle on the oven door was missing; the reflectors were missing on two burners on the stove.--Maid service was so slow the first day that when the maid finally did show up at 4:30 p.m., we sent her away (this was on a weekday and the hotel appeared far from full). It was better after that.--The security lock wouldn't work on the front door unless you did some serious door gymnastics.There were several other minor annoyances, but they added up to a hotel that has some potential but has basic problems with maintenance and staffing.Still, if you're willing to put up with the quirkiness of the place and the spotty problems, you will get a lot of hotel room for your money (at least, for your money in this part of town). However, it just didn't pass the test for me -- and I'm not that picky.	
Aug 1 2006 	Will definitely return	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Seneca. After reading some of the reviews, we were a little nervous. The hotel where we usually stay (also a small boutique hotel) was booked. We travel to Chicago annually &quot;just because&quot; we love downtown. I now have two hotels I would love to stay at and with GREAT prices. The room was clean, huge and staff was very helpful and friendly. With the exception of the 100 degree weather, it couldn't have been a better weekend.	
Jul 24 2006	Stay away!!	The hotel was horrible, from the terrible service to the broken air conditioner (to which I was told to open the window, too bad it was 100 degrees outside). The suite was nice and big but that doesn't matter when you can't fall asleep because it's hot and the bedding is suspicious. The staff was unfriendly and unknowledgeable. I wouldn't wish this hotel upon my worst enemy!!	
Jul 20 2006 	Enjoyed the Seneca. Would stay again.	Hi,My girlfriend and I stayed at the Seneca from July 3rd - July 6th.Got to the hotel around 8pm - had no problem checking in.Lobby is being refurbished, so looks messy at the moment - but not a problem.Checked in, and got a King Suite on the 12th floor.The suite was fantastic - very large lounge with nice decor, fixutes and fittings. Two sofas, coffee table, dining table and 6 chairs, large TV, nice lamps etc.Big kitchen - with everything we could want - cooker, fridge, microwave etc...Bedroom was nice - very comfy King size bed, large TV, nice furniture etc...Bathroom was fine - large vanity area, bath and shower. Never heard any building/construction noise whilst we were in our rooms.The location is more than perfect - right next to the Hannock Building/Mich Ave.Doormen/cleaning staff etc were nice and friendly.Price of the stay was extremely good value.We would most try and stay there again (returning to Chicago for a longer stay next summer), and would advise people to give it a go too.Cheers,Shane :-)	
Jul 14 2006	A Mixed Bag of a place	My wife and I had never been to Chicago and so we alloted a full week to &quot;do&quot; the town, and we chose the Seneca hotel based upon the reviews here that we had earlier read. My wife booked the flight and hotel all through Orbitz, however. When we got to the hotel we were very pleased to see its excellent location. The hotel is only about two short blocks from the FREE SHUTTLE that Chicago has to all of the museums and tourist attractions in town. It is immediately next door to the Hancock Tower, and also kitty-corner from a shopping mall which has inexpensive food stalls for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. In short, an excellent location.But the service is horrible, and the &quot;caring attitude&quot; is completely missing. We were told that as we booked through Orbitz, we were not &quot;entitled&quot; to the free continental breakfast (roll, coffee, and juice), and we were not &quot;entitled&quot; to ask for a room change.The room that we had was on the second floor, back, and it had a mini-kitchen, so we were not terribly disadvantaged, but the picture on the back of the door showed that it was the smallest room on the floor, and there was construction going on nearby so that we awoke one morning to jackhammers! Also, we reported that our coffee maker was missing a leg, and so it woobled, but nothing was done. The chambermaid, whom we never met, must have never had instructions. One day we had two towels left, and the next day: four. One day there were no washcloths, and the next day we had them. Three days she left every light in the room on and they were burning when we came in, and on the other days the place was pitch dark. Who knows?In short, any review would be the mixed bag indicating the great location and the poor service.	
Jul 4 2006	Good value surly service	Travelling with my wife and 3 yr old, found it a wonderful location in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. It's a faded beauty, with much of the charm of a European style hotel. We stayed in a King Suite - had a old but functional kitchen, large outdated rooms, clean. There are few of the chain hotel amenities, like room service and ice machines on every floor, but with the kitchen, we saved on breakfasts and snacks. The main drawback was the unhelpful and often surly front desk staff - uniformly uninterested in our needs and uninformed about the hotel and area. If any of them have been to hospitality school, they probably flunked out. The doormen were great however. Go for the good price in a great location.	
Jun 9 2006	Seneca was eclectic and will go there again!	I agree there are reasons to love and hate this place. My family group booked 3 rooms. We could easily have stayed in the King suite that was essential a 2 bedroom apt, but they'd told me it wasn't available when I'd tried to book it originally. That one had a jacuzzi tub, washer dryer, and 2 separate bedrooms. It was gorgeous! My suite was a bit run-down, but I found the problems charming - they go along with any older hotel/apt. A ltitle force was necessary to close the bathroom door (multiple layers of paint without sanding first, I suspect). When the bathroom door closed the vanity door popped open. It was cause for much laughter on my part, but not all appreciate a bit of character in a place.Pros: Location wonderful. Lots of renovation in progress. Concierge/doorman very helpful in getting limos to airport and directing to public transportation. It was wonderful having a full kitchen!Cons: definitely more renovations needed. More deskhelp needed. Since we're currently from NY the attitude of the help behind the desk didn't strike me as terribly rude Those traveling from the Midwest seemed to have a different view of the same situations (I'm originally from the MW, so I do understand the preference for civility).NOTE: as others have mentioned, it helps to have a room on one of the higher floors or on the back side of the bldg to reduce noise problems. There was a lot of street/parking garage/jackhammer noise for others. HTH!	
May 12 2006	Huge Suite- Not Bad	Stayed here on business May 3. Decent value for a suite hotel. Registration area, lobby, and elevator bay being remodeled and cramped. Will be nice when it is done in a month or so. 3 employees at the registration desk, which was nice. Suite was enormous (a converted apartment building, I believe). I had 2 queens plus a straight sofa in the living room. Full kitchen, although it looked pretty rough. They are obviously trying and I give them credit for that. The building is old but clean and freshly painted and carpeted if you are on a completed floor. I had no construction on my floor so I was happy. I was scouting for a place for my family to stay on a trip this summer and this is just above the cutoff line. Great location of course, just off Michigan Ave.	
Apr 12 2006	Stay here if you enjoy a lack of Customer Service!	Stayed here just a few weeks ago............March 2006. Held my family reunion there. I was attracted to the location of the hotel and to the fact that each room includes a kitchen. Well, I should have paid the extra $100 and stayed at a 5 star hotel. You get what you paid for! This hotel is old......where do I start with my list of complaints, the door locks to the rooms are actually keys, not key cards, the door knob to the presidential suite fell off the door and didnot go back on the door nor did the hotel send anyone to repair it. The carpet is dirty and the air is stale. The maids failed to leave the proper amount of towels to days in a row........hello everyone needs a face towel....... guest services mixed up our rooms gave single beds to those who needed double beds. There were issue with the water in the rooms. And my credit card was not properly billed, either! Enough already...........I can't even give all the issues we had with this hotel............. Dont waste your time or money on staying here. Oh yeah, the upper management don't care to hear your problems either.........all they do is pass the buck!	
Mar 29 2006	A reason for the divergent reviews: revealed	Over the years I have noted divergent reviews of this hotel and could not figure out the reason for the discrepancies. I may have figured out at least one reason:Travelers, especially those on business, choosing standard, deluxe, i.e., non-suite rooms visit a very different hotel than those staying in a suite, especially one on an upper floor. I can only support this theory with my experience below:I have stayed at this hotel two years ago on vacation in a queen suite on an the 10th floor and have been very satisfied.March 18, 2006 I went for two nights on business and requested a standard &quot;deluxe&quot; room. My experience was very different.I booked on Expedia months in advance. I had called the hotel directly two weeks beforehand requesting a quiet room since I was going on buiness and needed the room to work. I was told I could only get what was available when I arrived. I guess they felt they already had my money and I had to take what I could get.I checked in at 5:30 pm, the earliest I could get there. I was given a room on the second floor over the bar. I heard Sinatra recordings until 3am. I could even hear the lyrics. No joke. The room reeked of nauseating ancient cooking odors that seemed to permeate the walls and furnishings. The furniture (some of it broken) and window blinds were coated with grime, the floor buckled, the rug was frayed. I had to be careful where I stepped due to the tripping hazard. I was told they were booked and there was nothing they could do. This puts travelers from the West Coast at a disadvantage who cannot always arrive by noon when rooms open up. The hotel won't help them since they won't accommodate room requests in advance.There is not enough staff to accommodate guests. I don't fault the staff. They are simply swamped.I would recommend this hotel only because of its location - close to the Miracle Mile and many other attractions. The street is quiet too. The hotel is better for vacation travelers.I don't recommend getting a room that is not a higher floor suite. However, I don't know that you can get the hotel to accommodate such requests.I certainly don't recommend this hotel to a business traveler who needs quiet and comfort in order to work in their room.	
Feb 1 2006	Buyer Beware? More like Buyer Be AWARE of this great hotel!	I was really worried about my upcoming stay at The Seneca Hotel after reading Buyer Beware's comments and pictures... I must tell you, I had a completely different expereince! The hotel was lovely! You can't beat the price, location, cleanliness, and warm staff. I would highly recommend it! Buyer Beware was so off the mark I was compelled to take pictures to prove it!	
Dec 31 2005	Buyer Beware	My husband and I stayed at the Seneca for 2 nights, Dec 28-30..We are not fussy travelers, and have stayed at a variety of hotels around the country. Before you book this hotel, read our pros and cons:PROS: Excellent location, one block from Hancock Center and northern end of Michigan avenue; clean room; nice wine bar (expensive like everywhere else); valet parking ($38-most hotels around that price for 24 hours); jacuzzi tub (1 person only) in bathroom; great price of $59 booked online (CRShotels online booking site).. we were a little concerned about the cheap price. Here is the reason for the lower rating:CONS: We booked a Deluxe Queen room. Person that checked us in was not very friendly. Other staff were friendly. Room is very small, bathroom can only accomodate one person in front of mirror (smallest bathroom I have ever been in at any hotel); there was not a walk in kitchen like the website shows, but a kitchenette inside a small closet- it served our needs, but if we were of larger size, we couldn't squeeze into the closet to use the sink..the refrigerator had a loud buzzing noise, if you closed the doors you couldn't hear it; there were no dishtowels or hot pads, so we had to use the bathroom towels; the floor in the bedroom area is uneven; the furniture looks like it came from a rummage sale, and there is only 1 chair at a desk, so if you want to eat in your room (which we usually do at hotels we stay at), you have only the chair and the desk--sorry, but we took a chair from the hallway to use during our stay.we put it back when we were done; no VCRS like the website states; our room was on the 5th floor, and it faced the back of the buildings behind us, and included a garbage dumpster and a construction site. We were woken up both mornings to the sounds of pounding and drilling (7:30am).we just opened up the kitchenette door to hear the sound of the buzzing refrigerator instead of the noise outside!! WE also didn't have a drain in our bathtub, and had to call housekeeping to get one.So our recommendation would be to: 1.)look at the room first before you accept a room, 2.)ask for a room away from the construction site 3.)maybe upgrade to a king suite or other room if you don't like the one you get. 4.)ask lots of questions about your room, the websites are deceiving-I saw one website that says this hotel has a pool-it does not, only a fitness room 5,)if you plan on not using your car, think about parking at a public lot for less money instead of at the hotel. There is public parking on the same block. 6) book this hotel if you get a rate under $75We would consider staying somewhere nicer next time we are in Chicago, however the rate was Awesome...maybe good for a group of people who just want a cheap sleep!! There are plenty of other nicer hotels.	
Dec 22 2005	Charming Euro style	I travel frequently on business and stay at a variety of business class and upscale hotels throughout North America. But that’s always on the expense account. This week, when I wanted to stay downtown after a Bulls game with my son, I booked a room on line. I was a little skeptical, because the price was low, but found the hotel to be quite pleasant, even charming in a European way. Staff were very nice. I will definitely stay again.	
Nov 23 2005	Great location for Michigan Avenue touring!	Reading some of the reviews before we went, I was getting a bit nervous about staying at the Seneca. I was actually quite pleasantly surprised with the hotel. The location is excellent for touring on Michigan Avenue. We were in Chicago for the Mag Mile Lights Festival, right around the corner from the John Hancock building and across the street from Water Tower Place. The room we had was a king suite. It is set up like a small apartment, with a full kitchen, a dining and living area and a separate bedroom with full walk-in closets. The bathroom is a bit on the small side. Our room was on the 7th floor and we did have to wait on the elevator once to the point where we just took the stairs down, not a big problem for us, but something to consider. There is a lobby where they were offering complimentary warm cider and holiday cookies, a very nice touch. There is also a deli/breakfast shop in the hotel and a restaurant, which looked quite nice. There is a fitness room, which also looked good. The only real negative I can think of is the kind of older locks on the room doors. You need to be careful that it is locked...I am used to the more modern key-cards with hotels, but they use actual old-fashioned keys at this place. The front desk staff was very nice, the bellmen were plentiful and also quite nice. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 7 2005 	OK but website decieving	This hotel was not what it shows on the website but it was ok. There was no air conditoning and the elevator broke causing some problems and the front desk ladies were not helpful or friendly at all. The door man was awesome. Also be careful the locks on your door may not always work well.	
Oct 31 2005	Old; but not horrible	We stayed here because we needed a full kitchen and two rooms during our stay. (We have a 4 year old and 2 year old and food allergies.) All in all it was fine, but not great. The bad: very old and worn (bed post was broken and fell onto bed); no sprinkler system (which is saying something because the hotel is full of 25 year old ovens); less-than-helpful staff; no luxury whatsoever.The good: two good-size rooms; huge closet (very good for 4 people and luggage); very quiet; very clean room and kitchen; great location (behind Water Tower place and 1/2 block to nice park for kids); and kitchen with basics.For the price it was fine and I might stay there again with children under 6 but as an adult or adult couple you can do MUCH better for less money.	
Oct 28 2005 	Wouldn't stay again	Good location, but that's it. Very old, slightly tattered furniture in room. Bathroom fixtures are rust stained. Claustrophobic reception area and hallways. Confused check-in. Poor value. The location is good, but I really wouldn't stay here again.	
Oct 19 2005	I'd stay here again.	I'd stay here again, because the price was right, but be aware of a few things. I wouldn't drink the water; I bought bottled water. Old pipes make yellowish water. The bathroom is small and bathtub smaller. It was okay for just me, but if I was sharing the room, the bathroom isn't large enough to share.The water never got really hot. the furniture and TV are on the inexpensive side. So those are the negative things. Here are some positive. I was on the third floor and it was very quiet. There are two closets and lots of storage, and very clean. The kitchenette was clean, clean. Having half my meals in the room saved a lot of money.I paid $180.00/night online and I would NOT pay more than that. As a matter of fact, if I returned, I would want to pay less than this. I was making reservations just the week before, so my options were limited -- hotel-wise and price-wise.But the location was great, right next to the Hancock Building and 1 1/2 blocks from the Lake and at the north end of Michigan Avenue. Good walking. Felt safe at night.Once I was at the hotel and signed onto the Wireless Internet in the room, the Seneca Hotel website guaranteed the lowest possible prices available--that they would match anything online elsewhere. Check this before you buy through any other online site.	
Oct 16 2005	Great Hotel Price and Location	Stayed at Seneca end of August for a family visit in Chicago. Nice doormen, friendly and gave good info on clubs/foods. Rooms are converted apartments, so very large! Full kitchen w/dishes and utensils, fridge, micro. Separate bedroom, large closets and dressers. All very clean and quiet. Furniture is slightly worn but clean. Super location, walking distance to Lake, Art Museum(a longer walk), Navy Pier, great shopping and restaurants, directly behind Hancock Building, all the city amenities, small grocery nearby. Quiet nice neighborhood. Great small jazz bar on ground floor, well made drinks. Can't beat it for the price we got $109/nt. Probably is normally higher but less than other high-end &quot;name&quot; hotels nearby. I would definitely stay there again! Taxi and shuttle drivers also gave it high marks.	
Oct 13 2005	The Seneca was great!	We visited Chicago from Sept 26 thru 30 and stayed at the Seneca. The staff was most helpful. Out maid service was good. Rooms were nice and kept clean. We felt safe in the area which with two ladies traveling alone this was important. We would recommend this hotel to all our friends that travel to Chicago.We loved going to the John Hancock Center next door and looking at the view of this wonderful town....check it out.	
Oct 6 2005	Can't Beat It	I always get nervous when staying in Chicago. Past experience with other hotels have been really bad. You pay in excess of $100 for a room that is filthy and has horrible service - but The Seneca changed my mind about taking my kids to Chicago for a vacation! 5 of us stayed in this suite comfortably. The bathroom was impeccably clean - even had a working jacuzzi tub. The kitchen was also very clean. The dishes, pots, pans, glasses and utensils looked barely used. The stove was one of the new glass top stoves - even had a new dishwasher, stove and microwave! The Seneca provides you with enough closets to store any amount of luggage that you bring. We joked that one of the closets could double as a room for one of the kids it was so large! There were two televisions so the adults didn't have to suffer through cartoons. The couch, loveseat and chair were all in good shape and comfortable. The service received from the staff was very professional. The doormen were all very pleasant and gracious. The room was cleaned daily and when we called for extra sheets and towels, they were delivered to the room within minutes. The location is right next door to the Hancock Center so it's within walking distance of Michigan Avenue. It was $11.50 for a cab to the Museaum Campus if you were tired of walking. It looks like a few people have had some bad service and the photos obviously don't lie. But don't let these few bad experiences scare you away from this hotel. For Chicago and the price ($169 a night) - You can't beat The Seneca.	
Sep 2 2005	Fond Memories	I stayed at the Seneca Hotel in 2004 with my girlfriend &amp; her husband. She was undergoing cancer treatment at Northwestern. I can't believe the hotel has changed that much to rate such horrible reviews.Each time she &amp; her husband came in, I stayed with them &amp; we found the hotel a treasure. We enjoyed the kitchen, the spaciousness, &amp; the old world charm of the place. This journey was from May to December. When you are living in a hotel, three to four days a week over 8 months, you appreciate having a kitchen &amp; space.We come from Chicago &amp; enjoy old buildings, so this hotel was right up our alley. The location is great, but because we are from here, Michigan Ave &amp; the lake are just apart of life. The hotel becomes important.The staff was great-kind &amp; considerate. I spoke to other travelers &amp; they all enjoyed staying there, too.We haven't been there since, but we do have fond memories of the place.	
Aug 26 2005	Old is old not elegant	The web site is extremely misleading. Tne place is old and they just keep putting more paint on it and it is getting so thick that the walls simply can't hold any more. The door man lied about the cost to park. The front desk people were curt and not pleasant. The elevators were few and far between and SMALL. The halls have a strange visual effect that make the doors look like they are a step up. The doors don't work (they lock but the knob doesn't) the room stank of mold. the &quot;Kitchen&quot; had a gas stove that must be 35 years old. the A/C never actualy cooled the place. The front desk wouldn't answer the phone. They refused to give me a reciept...	
Aug 14 2005	Depends on what you pay	Stayed at the Seneca Aug 9-12 and was also nervous given the reviews here. I think what you pay for the room makes a big difference. We paid $99 a night for a deluxe queen 2 room suite (2 Q beds in another bedroom) on a Travelzoo promotion. This was a steal, however if I'd paid $200 a night I would not have been very happy. The location is great and the rooms were huge. Perfect if you are traveling with children. Unlike several reviewers, I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly (I went out of my way to be friendly to them too since they can make or break your stay), the room was cleaned and straightened up every day and the kitchen was fully stocked with dishes. We arrived early (11:30) and parked in the Self Park lot at 275 E. Chestnut for $25 a day - much cheaper than the $39 the Seneca charges. We didn't need in and out priviledges, however. The room wasn't ready until 3:30 even though they said it would be ready at 3:00 - that was really the only service complaint. The Seneca is in an older building so you have to accept the fact that the paint won't be perfect and the bathroom will be small. Big deal. The furniture was a bit worn and the carpet has seen better days but the couch was long and comfortable enough for my husband to nap on! There's a full service grocery store at the corner of State and Chestnut (Potash Bros.) that we used to make dinner at home one night. Huge loaner umbrellas at the door were a nice service when the rain started. I wouldn't pay over $150 a night to stay there but we got a great deal. If you are looking for something newer in a residential suite hotel the Residence Inn on Walton (about two blocks north of the Seneca) is very nice but more expensive.	
Aug 8 2005	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at the Seneca from July 29 to Aug 1 3nights. I read reviews and was extremely nervous about the stay. I am a Travel Consultant so when I read a review of a hotel, that is horrible, I am worried about putting any client there. I was scrambling to find another hotel but we kept The Seneca. My mom was a patient at Northwestern Hospital and we were able to get a reduced rate. The hotel was not far from the hospital and to the Whoster House where my dad was staying.We arrived to find a very large 2room suite. A seperate sleeping room 2 queen beds, a very large window with nice curtains to close at night. Keeps all light out. A small bathroom. Older hotels tend to have small baths, and a large walkin closed. The sitting room had another walkin closet and another coat closet. A couch, loveseat chair and a desk. There was a dining room with four chairs. Off the dining was the narrow, galley kitchen. Fridge, stove, sink, dishwasher with plenty of metal cabinets and counter space. The kitchen cabinets could have been wood, since metal cabinets are a little dated, but they were in great shape and we did not mind. There were 5adults and 1child in the room. We did bring an air mattress for extra bedding. We did lose our remote but it was in the coushion of the couch. The carpet between the closet and sleeping room was pulled up, a lilttle, but that was no big deal. The room was clean, well stocked, and when we left the maid a request it was always fulfilled. We did tip the maid a little each day. The doormen were very nice and helpful. When we came back with our hands full they were ready to open the doors.I loved the location. The location is quieter than being on Michigan Ave. Just a few blocks walk and there you are. Not far from the lake. Close to the Watertower to catch the free trolly or sign up for a multitude of sightseeing tours offered at the street corner.I know all rooms are different and maybe we just got lucky with a nice room and a nice staff. Based upon my stay I would recommend this hotel to my clients. I would advise them, of the fact, that the hotel is in an older building.	
Aug 4 2005	Do Not Stay at this 'Hotel'	This is without doubt the worst hotel we have ever stayed in during our many trips to the USA.We arrived to unmade beds with dirty sheets, dangerously worn carpets, dirty room, dirty bathroom, no plug in the sink etc, etc.etcNo one would take responsibility for the problems and no-one fixed them despite many requests.They did not even acknowledge them - neither did they challenge them which I would have expected if they were going to deny them.They would not let us change rooms, and unfortunately Chicago was VERY busy and we couldnt find another room anyway.Even if we had we discovered that they had taken the full amount due for all 5 nights UP FRONT !I believe that Oprah lives in the apartment block opposite. She must have bought it so she could look out of her penthouse windows for a real good laugh any time she wanted.Avoid this place at all costs	
Jul 29 2005 	probably better choices out there	I arrived there on July 17 for a 3-night stay and found that the room was clean but small, furniture was scuffed and handles broken on the desk and nightstand. Floor there is so strange -- like the carpet was laid over really lumpy concrete with no pad. I couldn't locate a remote for the TV so I called for one and since it was very late I said next evening would be OK. It wasn't there by 6 p.m. on Monday so I called again. By the third call I finally received a remote (9:30 Monday night). Bell-kid said they were fully booked and very busy. By Tuesday morning, remote stopped working. Faucet dripped, Tuesday my room wasn't serviced all day. No internet, only dial up and a per minute fee, ouch. Tiles missing in the shower -- rooms just overall kind of shabby and tired.My stay was only fair -- at half the price of the Drake you might consider it a thrifty choice. But I wouldn't stay there again. It was a shame, really. Great potential and a FABULOUS location, right next to Hancock Tower and within easy walking distance of the Drake and all the shopping. But I saw and heard a lot of angry people in the lobby complaining about one thing or another. I just couldn't recommend this hotel in good faith.	
Jul 29 2005	!!!! Worst Service Ever Received !!!!!	The only positive thing I can say about this hotel was regarding the size of our room (2 queen beds in separate bedroom / kitchen) - the room was huge and very comfortable for the 4 people who stayed there. BUT THE COMPLIMENTS END THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Despite four people staying in the room, they continually left only two sets of towels in the bathroom. Each time we called over the 4 days we were there, it took over 1 hour to get the additional towels and each of those times we needed to call several times within that hour!! Our room (in the beginning of July in 90+ degree heat) never got cooler than 78 degrees, despite the A/C being set all the way down at 60 degrees. When we got back one of the days, the maid service did not leave toilet paper despite the toilet paper holder being empty when we left (it again took over 1 hour to get the replacement roll).The &quot;tub side cover&quot; kept falling off in the bathroom - as in the other reviews, the bathroom is tiny to begin with and this made it just imbearable!!	
Jul 22 2005	Avoid This Dump	We arrived only to fing out they had lost our reservtions. The front desk lady was rude and arrogant and pushed the problem off onto AAA. She continued to argue with me even after we had reserved the room. I had to tell her that I was finished with the discussion and walk away. The manager was of little help. We paid double the amount we booked the room for. Two days later, AAA called and had convinced the manager to refund the difference. The air conditioner leaked down the wall and all over the carpet in the closet. The vents in the living room and bedroom were covered with mold and mildew (see photos). Even after telling the fron desk of this problem, nobody cleaned the vents. The television remote did not work in the living room and the cable went out consistently. This is a bad place to stay and other hotels are very close and are similarly priced.	
Jul 21 2005	Seneca Hotel	Arrived at the Seneca Hotel on Sunday, July 17th and departed on July 20th. The hotel was older. I found the staff friendly. The room was a nice size. We had a one bedroom with a livingroom and kitchen. The bathroom was small. There was 2 queen size beds in the bedroom. The kitchen was nice for when we would get up earlier than the others we could go in there and shut the door. The location was great only 2 blocks off Michigan Ave. We also dined at Joey's on Superior Ave. Nice place to eat. Went to the Oak Street Beach very nice and close to the hotel. Seneca Hotel was a nice place to stay I would go back there again. Our hotel room was very clean.	
Jul 14 2005	Stay away!	I actually never stayed at the Seneca hotel. I tried to make a reservation but for three days the computer system was down. (June 6-8 that would explain the previous review) Once I had a reservation I unfortunatly needed to cancel my trip to Chicago. I later found out that my room was charged and not canceld. When I called to find what had taken place I was charged because of a no-show. One week later no one will return my phone calls or resolve this issue. Very bad managment at this hotel. Please stay away, there are many better places within the city of Chicago to stay at.	
Jun 28 2005	Old and not clean-better hotels for the money on Mag Mile	Our room was shabby and not very clean. The carpets were very badly stained. We had a 1-year-old with us and it was hard to control a baby from being on the floor. We then discovered our toilet didn't work properly---had to be moved to 2 additional rooms to get a working toilet. Still had dirty carpets though. Furniture was old. Room is big and spacious with kitchen but kitchen items seemed dirty so we did not use it. All in all, there are cleaner and newer hotels on/off Michigan avenue at the same price. I will not stay here again. Also, the valet guys were rude to us. They offer in/out privledges for the flat rate parking fee but aren't happy to help you get your car in and out!	
Jun 8 2005	Outdated Rooms Non-existent Management	I'm not sure where the people who wrote the good reviews stayed, but it clearly wasn't at the Seneca. Upon check-in, we were told the room we reserved was no longer available, and were downgraded (and not given an adjustment in price). The furnishings/decor of the room were old and the room had an overall &quot;dirty&quot; feel to it. Upon flushing the toilet for the first time, it promptly overflowed all over the bathroom floor. Three calls to the front desk for service were ignored, and two visits to the front desk were also not taken seriously, despite the fact that raw sewage was covering our floor. We were repeatedly told that the manager was &quot;unavailable.&quot; We ended up staying with my in-laws in a different room in the hotel. When we checked out, others were complaining about not being able to speak to a manager - only when they got very loud did the manager miraculously become available. Wish we'd thought of that. I would definitely not recommend this hotel. There are so many others in the area that cater to the needs of their guests.	
Jun 8 2005	Good location Average hotel	Stayed at this hotel one night on May 20th. Location is very good, right near the Michigan ave. The building itself is old, needs some renovations. Room was OK. Bathtub didn’t drain water down. Decision on weather we will stay there again depends on the price per night (for the price we paid bathtub had to work better).	
May 29 2005	Great -- better than expected	I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor, and although many were positive, some were less than positive regarding the staff of this hotel. So, I'm happy to say that my three-night stay was more than satisfactory; it was excellent!Other reviews have mentioned the rooms in detail, so I'll add just a little bit more. I was very happy with the room, which was more like a small one-bedroom apartment. There were two televisions, one in the bedroom and one in the living room. The bed was very comfortable. The first night there was somebody in the next room talking very loudly on the phone while I was trying to sleep -- so I did have to use earplugs that one night. Otherwise, I slept very well and comfortably.The hotel has good security, as there is a locked door between the check-in desk and the elevators. Although the Seneca is located in a nice neighborhood, in a big city extra security is always welcome.There is a deli on the lower level of the hotel that serves excellent breakfasts. Also, they were very accommodating about letting me sit for a long time with a coffee when the hotel couldn't let me check in until 3:00 when I arrived early.This hotel is recommended--	
Apr 20 2005	Great hotel	This hotel is in a great location. The room was in very nice condition, and contains a kitchen as it was a residential building (Some rooms are still used as long-term rentals). It is right off the Magnificent Mile and is convenient to everything. We got a great weekend rate, about $80/nite plus tax which is incredible given the location. I definitely recommend staying here. Also, check out the bar right off the lobby. They have a piano player and drink specials.	
Apr 17 2005	A Great Week at a Great Place	My mother and I spent seven nights at the Seneca Hotel in downtown Chicago at the end of March and had a great time staying there. For a special rate of $88 a night we had an actual suite complete with full (though narrow) kitchen, dining room, living room, bedroom and bathroom, along with two separate walk-in closets. We had more than enough space to spread out and make ourselves comfortable- and privacy enough so we each had opportunity to spend time alone if we wished. Our room was high enough above the street and the building was far enough away from the avenue to turn all the traffic sounds into white noise. The hotel served as a great &quot;home base&quot; during our downtown stay. The Seneca is literally steps away from the Hancock Tower (our room was directly across from it), Water Tower Place (where we went every morning for a terrific breakfast at the food court) and the rest of the upscale stores of Michigan Avenue. To get to all the Museums and other attractions, we caught a bus or went a couple blocks west to the Red Line of the subway- purchasing at least a 3-day transit pass is highly recommended- and whenever we needed directions, there was always a transit worker or helpful stranger to get us where we needed to go. And every night our room was clean and ready for us when we returned. The kitchen certainly came in handy, too, serving as a place to keep our soda pop, orange juice and other purchased sundries, as well as a great place to keep restaurant leftovers refrigerated until they could be warmed up in the microwave. In fact, the room service dinner sent up from the hotel's steakhouse was ample enough to feed us for three nights! We also liked the Seneca's intimate atmosphere, courteous and helpful staff, and sense of security- for example, no one can access the elevators without a special electronic &quot;tag&quot; attached to the room keys. Our problems with the hotel were minor and few- it took a couple days and a chat with the day-shift staff to finally get my mom an ice bucket, and the number of towels kept changing in an erratic fashion. I also found the beds to be hard and a bit uncomfortable to sleep on, but it's really more of a non-issue since I've found that seems to be the same with most hotel beds everywhere. It wasn't a large, luxurious, 5-star hotel or major chain to be sure, but we found the Seneca Hotel to be absolutely perfect for our stay in the Windy City- the location and amenities simply couldn't be beat for the same price anywhere else in the city. We would definitely stay there again and heartily recommend it.	
Mar 23 2005	A Great Find!	Loved the Seneca. Stayed there July 2004 for 2 nights. The hotel is in a fantastic location just off Madison Avenue, and right next door to the world famous Hancock Tower.Rooms were massive, with 2 king size beds and kitchen.We paid $60 per night - an absolute bargain!The staff were friendly and courteous. I will definitely stay here again - well recommended!	
Mar 17 2005	Huge Rooms	I stayed at the Seneca in Downtown Chicago for St. Patrick's Day weekend and I have to say the rooms were huge!! We stayed in a deluxe double queen suite and the bedroom alone could have been the whole room. This hotel also has apartments which may explain why the rooms are so very large. The rooms are in need of touch-ups here and there but are clean and can I say spacious again! Service was quick except that valet took quite awhile when we were checking out but the Big 10 Tournament was also going on that weekend so they were very busy. The location is perfect! We were a block off of Michigan Avenue, next to the Hancock Observatory and Water Tower Place. I would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 23 2005	Nice at Price!	In February 2004 my wife and I and another couple stayed at the Hotel Seneca under a Winter Special deal of $109 per night including either parking or full breakfast. Due to slow bookings both couples were given king-suites. The rooms were clean, nicely decorated, and very large. They included bedroom, sitting area, dining area, and kitchen. The rooms showed some signs of wear, but nothing bad. The staff was friendly and helpful in clearing a slight reservation snafu. The location just off Michigan Avenue near the north end of the Magnificent Mile was excellent! At this price in the heart of a major city with the extras it was a great deal! We'' watch for special again.	
Feb 16 2005	Great Location for the Price	When I first booked this hotel through Travelocity, I thought the price was possibly a mistake...a Queen room w/ kitchenette for $79/night? Upon check-in (no hassle w/ credit card) it was definitely true. We live in the area but were taking a &quot;Spring Break Trip&quot; to the city - mom &amp; 2 kids, for 3 nights. I did not think to ask for a non-smoking room, but should have, because our room definitely had accomodated smokers in the past. Still, we were very pleased with the two queen beds in the bedroom PLUS the living room &amp; kitchen. There is a Treasure Island grocery store at 666 Lake Shore Drive, so we stocked up on snacks and breakfast stuff. We weren't going to be lolling around in the room, anyway so the view didn't matter. Bathroom was OK but could use some repairs - nothing but normal wear &amp; tear, though. Having lived in several vintage apartments in this city, it was par for the course in a vintage building, which I find charming. The bedroom closet was stocked with iron and ironing board, which was great. We did not use any of the services in the hotel, but one of my kids used the fitness room in the basement which was just fine. The Front desk staff/bellman were very nice and allowed us to check-out, but still leave our bags there for later pick-up on our way home. The location is about as stunning as you can get in Chicago for the price! Given the same rate again, I would re-book this property in a minute, especially if you are traveling with kids and need a home-base, and don't need/want to pay for over-the-top amenities.	
Nov 4 2004	I'd like to give the Seneca a 3.5	I can't quite decided if the Seneca deserves 3 stars or 4. I recently stayed there four nights. It was alright, but if I go back to Chicago I'd probably look for another hotel.The Seneca handles all the basics well--it's quiet, dark (often a problem in urban hotels), has decent beds. It provides a small kitchen in each room, though in mine there was barely enough room to stand in front of the sink. The refrigerator buzzed off and on all night, so I had to shut the doors to the galley kitchen area (which in turn made the area rather warm). The Seneca doesn't have minibars, which to me are just an annoyance, not a service.I had a hassle with my credit card checking in. The desk staff insisted that my credit card wasn't working. To keep my rate--which I'd reserved through Hot Rooms (which seemed to get better deals)-I had to go out and find enough cash to cover it. I was very concerned because the first night was much more expensive than the other three. It turned out that the credit card was fine--that the hotel had incorrectly entered some of my information.Good points of the Seneca: It's across the street from the John Hancock Bldg. and close to the shopping malls of Michigan Ave. (like many Chicago hotels). Inside the hotel are a good steakhouse, a mediocre deli and an American restaurant I didn't try. There are laundry facilities on many floors--the building is partially residential, which I like (makes me feel more like I'm really in the city). There were places where my room was shabby around the edges--it didn't feel like much work, for good or for ill, had been done since I was last there 10 years. I wound up on the 5th floor but you're unlikely to get a room, almost every building in the area is as tall or taller. The Seneca also had the best rate (through Hot Rooms) of any AAA approved hotel in downtown Chicago, except for a few chain motels. All in all a mixed bag.	
Oct 31 2004	Fantastic Little Hotel With a Great Location	Quite frankly, we loved this hotel. Compared to the larger hotels right on the mag mile, this was a quiet and qaint, although not smalll, hotel steps away from Water Tower place.The entrance is a small lobby with a European boutique hotel feel. There is a small seating area, a deli and fitness area on the lower level and the entrance to the elevators and rooms is locked with a second set of electronic doors.The rooms, as many have said, were obviously apartments at one time. But this is favorable, as our room was quite spacious with a great kitchen (we ate at Maggiano's for Thanksgiving and had plenty of leftovers, so the kitchen was very handy), comfortable living room and nice master bedroom. A separate living room can be a lifesaver when some want to stay up and watch television while others want to go to bed. The bathrooms and closets were not very large, particularly compared to the rest of the room, but the bathroom is never the most important part to me so it wasn't much of a problem. There were little signs of wear and tear, such as paint chipping around the baseboards and some fraying of the carpet, but unless you paid too much, it was hardly a problem, and the furnishing were very new and clean.We didn't speak to the staff very much, but checking in and out was very easy and most seemed courteous.The best part was the location. Because it is one block away from the hustle and bustle of State St., it was much quieter and felt very different from busier, bigger hotels nearby. The price is also much better. It was well-worth it.If you are nit-picky about everything in your hotels, don't stay here. There are people who seem to find fault with everything. But if you simply want a nice, quaint hotel steps away from the heart of Chicago, this is perfect for you. We have just rebooked this hotel for some Christmas shopping in December.	
Oct 26 2004	Great little place - if you're deaf	If you like hearing your neighbors' television, telephone conversations, coughs and sneezes, you'll love this 1920's era apartment/hotel. Front desk, bellmen, and common areas are all very nice, and the rooms are otherwise quaint and attractive.They ought to supply earplugs as a standard amenity - between the thin walls and the early morning garbage trucks, you won't sleep well otherwise.	
Oct 20 2004	Loved the Seneca and would stay again	We stayed at the Seneca Easter weekend 2004. We had a great time and really enjoyed the hotel. The people who worked there were friendly and very helpful with restaurants and bus schedules. We would stay there again and not think twice about it. Our room was nice and big and clean. The TV worked just fine. Didn't use the kitchen but there seemed to be plenty of dishes, pans and silverware.Maybe the people who had a problem with the staff had an attitude of there own. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. We ate in the restaurant upstairs and had a super meal. The hotel is right off of Michigan Ave, where you can walk everywhere you want to go.	
Oct 13 2004	the good bad and ugly	The good part was the low internet price we got, the fabulous location and the large rooms. It was obviously an apartment at one time - with LR, DR, BR, Bath and full kitchen. The bad was very small bathroom with hot water only in the A.M. Be warned - shower in the morning or not at all. Also, the door locks are poor, little security and you have to affirmatively lock them with the key when you leave!! The ugly was the view to the north - alley, dumpsters etc.. ask for a view in any other direction, - and the hallways which are identical to the hotel hallways in the movie &quot;Shining&quot;. My wife was worried she'd see Nicholson walking around with an axe. All in all worth it for the good prices you get on the internet (we paid $80/night incl tax).	
Oct 5 2004	Great Place to Stay. Home Away from home	I stayed at The Seneca Hotel in August 04. It is a lovely place to stay. I like the ideal of an all suite hotel. The images of rooms on the internet were exact representations. The hotel is quiet, housekeeping is prompt, and I love the kitchenette.The pricing for this suite was great also. Would recommend to a friend and Would stay there again.	
Sep 21 2004	Stay somewhere else	I stayed for two nights on August 20 &amp; 21 '04 for the Chicago Air and Water Show with 2 adults and 3 children. Front desk staff was pleasant at best. Upon entering the room I was glad to see the living room was large with a full couch, love seat and single chair. It also had a tv. The bedroom with 2 double beds was roomy with a tv and SMALL bath attached. There was a small galley kitchen with microwave and fridge (which was warm)etc. I understand these used to be privately owned condos. We paid 215$ for one night and parking at $36 with in-out option. It was within walking distance to Oak Street beach which was what we wanted but other than that it wasn't worth the price. The couch was missing the arm upholstry and the table was damaged and banged up. The carpet was old and warn and looked loosly installed. We found one bowl and one spoon in the kitchen. When I called to request more they told me they would check to see what happened to the other ones??? I had to call 4 times to get extra towels and wash cloths. From each call I somehow received all towels and no wash cloths. Is it just me?? The room served it purpose but I have stayed at much nicer more modern places downtown for less money. I suggest you do the same. Try the Sutton Place or Hotel Monaco.	
Sep 9 2004	loved the seneca	Just returned from a two day stay at Hotel Seneca in Chicago and loved it. We had a double queen suite on the 5th floor. This consisted of two queen beds in a seperate bedroom, and a living room with small couch, love seat and chair, and a kitchen with dishwasher, slove, oven and large icebox. And the price was right too. The furniture and beds were comfortable, the kitchen was furnished well and had all we needed inclucing soap for the dishwasher as well as pots and pans. Four of us were staying there and we had plenty of towels. The hotel is in a great location, right off the Magnificent Mile and close to Water Tower. The only negatives we could think off was the parking was $36 a night, and the pillows were uncomfortable. I am planning to stay there again on my next trip.	
Jul 29 2004	Seurat and the Making of Le Grande Jatte package	My husband and I stayed in a &quot;standard&quot; room on the 2nd floor two nights in conjunction with seeing Seurat and the Making of Le Grande Jatte at the Art Institute (about a dozen hotels offer the package). $179 covered a night's stay with free parking (usually $36, I think) plus the $30 admission to the exhibition (but not the audio tour). We liked the suite set-up with kitchen and the jetted tub. The two closets were surpringly large. Decor is conservatively tasteful but spare; the bathroom especially could use at least a small punch of color. The staff was courteous but not especially polished. Best of all is the Seneca's location right next to the John Hancock building, across from Water Tower Place, just a block from Michigan Ave. We walked everywhere including to Navy Pier and a mile or more south to the Art Institute. A taxi back from the Art Institute (We were worn out!) cost only $10 with a generous tip.	
Jul 13 2004	Great location but don't expect too much!	We stayed at this hotel for a week over the 4th of July. The location was great. There is no denying that, but the service and facilities at this hotel need attention. The lobby is attractive, but the rooms were clearly last refurbished a long time ago. Our accomodations had great potential and alot of space, but everything was a bit frayed and grubby. The couch in the livingroom was hard and uncomfortable. It made me wish for a chiropractor when I tried to lounge on it reading a book. It was not a pullout couch which makes little sense in suite-type accomodations. We did have a separate bedroom with a decent king bed. Unfortunately, we had one bathroom accesible only through the bedroom. Every time the kids needed to pee, they came bursting into our room...so much for any privacy. We asked about rooms with a bathroom accesible in the main living area but were told they have only 2 such rooms. They are the presidential suites and have 1.5 baths. Neither was available and apparently they go for a much higher rate anyway. The bathroom was tiny and only adequate. It was not terribly clean and there was an oily residue on the linoleum floor. It made my skin crawl to walk on it in barefeet and the oily stuff left my feet slick and nasty. This residue was also on the linoleum in the kitchen. I tried to wash it off with a cloth and water, but had no luck. It seemed like a cleaning residue, but it made the kitchen floor so slippery that when my 4-year-old daughter stepped into the kitchen for the first time, she slipped and hit her head on the floor. The kitchen appliances were functional if not pretty and the pan/utensils were fine for snacks, cereal and oatmeal making but I wouldn't want to attempt a real meal here. We did have a nice sized table with 4 chairs. The serive was lackluster at best. When we checked in, we were given only one room key. I asked for another explaining that we would not always be together and might need two keys. The desk clerk said that it is not their policy to give more than one key, but she would check and let us know. We never heard anything more and never got another key. That meant juggling our one key and convincing the front desk clerks to buzz the non-keyholder into the security door. We saw several very unhappy people engaged in discussion with the front desk about problems with valet and the price for such questionable service is an outrageous $38/night. We had several tourist type questions and none of the desk employees really knew the answers. We also asked for a referal for a babysitting service and received an absolutely blank look. Housekeeping consistently left us short on towels. Each day there would be a new and impossible to explain with logic number of towels. There were two adults and two children, yet we were never given more than one washcloth. We usually had two or even three bath towels. The number of hand towels varied from one to three. We asked for towels for each person and left a note for housekeeping, but there were no results. We had similar issues with pillows. We would love to make this our regular hotel as we travel to Chicago regularly, but it just couldn't quite make it as a great place to go. If you can get a great price and put up with the &quot;seen better days&quot; facilities and &quot;I don't really care&quot; service, this place is fine. The location couldn't be better and with just a little attention and investment by the hotel owners, this place would be a real gem!	
Jul 7 2004	Lots of potential but a big disappointment	I read the reviews of this hotel and decided to stay there over the 4th of July weekend. Hotel used to be an apartment/condo, but owners have not updated the rooms. Walls were dirty (a little wall paper could go a long way). Carpet- watch your step!! could trip over the bumps! TV- made in 1970!Bathroom was smaller than closets. Only one person at a time can be in the bathroom. Beware of the PHONE! Used the phone to connect to internet. rate was 1.00 a minute. Front desk could not explain why the rate was so high for a local call.DON'T valet! It takes more than 1/2 hour at least. The only Plus about this hotel is location and size of the rooms. This could be a 4 star hotel if management spends a little money.	
Jun 27 2004	Very charming hotel in a wonderful location!	This was a great hotel in a wonderful locaton. I went to Chicago with my sister this week it was our very first time there. We could not believe how nice the hotel was. We booked the king size bed suite on the 9th floor. This was our first time having a doorman and the lobby was small but pretty. The room was awesome! We had a living room, dining room, kitchen, three walk-in closets, two 27&quot; televisions, classic style furniture which included a couch, loveseat, chair, coffee table, two side tables with lamps, dining room table with four chairs, elegant artwork, two large wall mirrors and large windows. The kitchen was equip with dishes, silverware, pots, full size stove, refrigerator, dishwasher, toaster, coffee maker, microwave, large counter space with plenty of cabinet space. The bedroom was large with huge windows, king size bed, chair, two dresser draws, night stands with lamps. The bathroom was standard and we had plenty of hot water. The room had a very warm home feeling to it. The hotel offered great customer service. Location, Location, Location: This hotel is in the middle of everything.....honestly the John Hancock Observatory is only 15 steps from the hotel, The Water Tower Place is also across the street. Michigan Avenue is one short block away. Transportation is easy to access but you can walk to all the main attractions. The hotel is about 15 minutes from Mid-Way Airport and the fare on the Express Shuttle was $12.00. There was no reason to rent a car. We did not have one bad experience during our visit and the food was great. &quot;Food Life&quot; at the Water Tower Place has the very best food in town. We are planning to make Chicago our family yearly trip and The Seneca Hotel and Suites will be the hotel of choice.	
May 7 2004	A Rare Find	I read these reviews and just had to respond. We stayed at the Seneca in January 2002 for a long Girls Weekend. Imagine 20 women from coast to coast meeting for the first time in Chicago. No stress trying to find a place that suited everyone. LOL The Seneca was the answer to our prayers. The staff (management and front desk) was soo accomodating. Thanks Mike!The rooms were large and comfortable. As some of us had small children...we had room to let them play and still relax and talk. Some people like modern hotels with the clean feel. I prefer the comfortable feel of the Seneca...classic furniture, large proportioned rooms...very elegant. We enjoyed our ability to sit in a large living room and sit up late laughing and talking. As a group of women traveling alone, we felt very safe with the double entry system - you cant get to the elevators without a room key. The diner was a great place to grab a bite for those early arrivals. Lobby cam was fun - we waved hello and goodbye to anyone watching from our group!The location was just perfect for us. A few steps away from Michigan Avenue. Everything within walking distance.Was everything perfect? No but everything was taken care of quickly and politely. I've stayed in so called &quot;luxury&quot; hotels before...everything isnt perfect there either. I dont expect perfect...I expect comfortable and polite.Would definitely go back...maybe for our 10 yr!	
Apr 25 2004	Excellent Location	The position of the hotel was fantastic,very close to the trolly tour and the next block the magnificient mile (were th shoping is)We stayed in a suite with lounge and kitchenvery large accomodationTheir are 2 restaurants in the hotel excellent food	
Apr 13 2004 	A Fantastic Experience	I was a bit hesitant to book this hotel after reading some of the reviews, but I found an online price that was so cheap that I took a gamble. What a pleasant surprise!! Expecting the worst, my boyfriend's first reaction upon walking into the room was, &quot;Uh oh, there's no bed...we must have to pull out the couch!&quot; In fact, we had stepped into the living room of our enormous king size suite! We had a full kitchen, which is nice for those trying to save a bit of money on food; a livingroom with a desk, couch, two chairs, &amp; huge tv; 2 walk-in closets; a bathroom (very tiny, but who cares!?); a king size bed that was so comfortable; another huge tv in the bedroom; and a great view of the John Hancock tower. It was fantastic!! All this for $86.99 a night...our friends attending the same conference were paying almost double the price at other hotels (e.g., Sheraton, Comfort Inn) for really crappy little rooms, while my boyfriend and I had the luxury suite. The staff was friendly and helpful, and despite the fact that I booked online and got a special internet rate, we were able to extend our stay by one night once we got there and keep almost the same rate. Overall, a great experience that I'd recommend to anyone.	
Apr 6 2004	an excellent buy for a night or a week	I've visited Chicago at least once a year, sometimes more, over the last 15 years. My previous 3 years have been exclusively the Seneca Hotel. The reservation staff keep a log of previous guests, and they make you feel as if you are gettin special treatment for your continued patronage. The hotel is small, without most of the amenities guests will find in larger branded hotels. But, in exchange for the logo, you get a location one block off Michigan Ave., a quiet almost residential street, and a neatly furnished room that feels more like an apartment than a hotel room. For the price, I can't beat it in Chicago, summer or winter. Reservations months in advance are a must, during convention weeks, but highly recommended.	
Feb 4 2004	A Good Deal	My friends and I flew in for a weekend to see a football game, and the Seneca was perfect for us. Our &quot;room&quot; consisted of a bedroom with two queen sized beds, a living room with couches and TV, an attached dining area with table and chairs, a small fully functional kitchen, and TWO bathrooms! Hot water was readily available. Apparently this hotel was once an apartment building, but in my opinion this only adds to the value if you stay here. The hotel is centrally located, and is close to many major attractions. While I would not consider the hotel to be 'upscale', it is without a doubt an acceptable choice for those who want a decent room at a decent price. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 19 2004	would choose again	Stayed here in Aug. '03. Helpful, friendly staff! Only problem--I had a suite on the 4th floor that used to be someone's apt. Very nice but twice the maids left my door unlocked after cleaning. Front desk staff was ready to change my room though I just requested that my doorknob be triple-checked after cleaning. Manager personally came to speak with me, gave me business card, etc. I'd stay again!	
Jan 13 2004	Great experience!	Very spacious bedroom and separate living area. Nicely decorated. Two huge closets. Kitchen was great with good-sized refrigerator, microwave, oven, stove, coffee maker. Also had plates, utensils, pots &amp; pans, etc. Large TV in Bedroom and in Living Room. The rooms were very private with no noise from the neighboring rooms. Overall, we were very pleased with the choice of the Seneca. Great location!!	
Dec 5 2003	Not the Boutique Hotel it's Trying to be	This hotel is trying very hard to be a boutique hotel but fails miserably. The facade and entry are welcoming, but that's where it ends. Once you head up to the rooms, if you can get your baggage into the tiny elevator, (the doorman doesn't offer help) the hallways are tired looking, with thickly stuccoed walls and beat up wood on the door jams.The rooms are spacious, but the beds are cheap and uncomfortable. Each has a full kitchen, wasted on the business traveler.There is no room service, only the crappy coffee maker with pre-proportioned coffee. (Double up for a semi-decent cup of java)The best thing is the location. Just steps away from Michigan Ave., it sits in the shadow of both the John Hancock building, (go up to the 95th floor for cocktails, the view is spectacular!) and Water Tower Place, a great shopping mall.I would not recommend, as it is way overpriced, even though I booked on line, it was still $189, the best I could find during a busy convention week.	
Dec 5 2003	Horrendous Experience - SERVICE is an F	I am a frequent traveler and this was with out a doubt, the worst hotel experience I have had in years. To save time, I will just list the issue. 1) Poor service, they just ignore you. 2) Toilet was broken. 3) Hot water does not work. 4) Restaurant food was terrible. 5) Closet smelled of Urine. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!	
Oct 14 2003	Better than I expected	Was a little nervous when I booked this hotel in September based on some of the previous reviews. Quality of the room and looby was better than I expected, especially for the price we paid. Overall, the staff was very friendly and accomodately. My only complaint is that the staff did not have enough knowledge of restaurants in the immediate area. Overall, a very good experience.	
Oct 9 2003	Substandard hotel great location	Fortunately, I got a great deal on this hotel. But, it turns out I got what I paid for. The only positive about this hotel is the location. The room and bathroom were very small, most of the outlets were broken, wallpaper was peeling, the view was poor, there was only one full size bed in the room, the faucets all leaked, and the guy at the front desk had an attitude problem. This was my first stay in Chicago and needless to say that the next time I go, I'll be staying somewhere else.	
Sep 22 2003	What an unexpected treat!!	We walked in to find a hotel room bigger than my first house. It was very clean, extraordinarily spacious with all the ammenities to make this a great family destination or a romantic getaway.The service was fine - not above and beyond, but that is not what we were wanted. If that is what you want go to the Ritz. Otherwise this will more than suit your needs.More, it was reasonably priced by Chicago standards and more so when you consider it's perfect location.This is a must stay!	
Aug 25 2003	Seneca surprise!	What a wonderful surprise! I'd read some of the reviews here, and the Seneca sounded a bit dodgy. But I decided to give it a go because it was for only one night.The first surprise was the doorman opening the door of my cab, then the blaze of lights around the doorway, then the tidy wood panel and brass lobby and reception area with helpful, friendly uniformed staff. Very welcoming.Overall, I would stay in the Seneca again in a heartbeatbut I might bring along a pack of spare light bulbs, just in case. The hotel was beautifully appointed neat, attractive carpeting, tasteful fixtures, clean surfaces throughout.Here I had an entire suite for $77 right next to the Hancock Tower in downtown Chicago. There were crisp monogrammed towels, a full basket of attractive, high quality Lord &amp; Mayfair cosmetics, and a nicely turned-down king-size bed.My only minor gripes: yes, the water pressure is a bit weak, but it was enough for a decent shower. (I was on the 14th floor.) And a couple of light bulbs were out, but the receptionist took good notes on room, lamp location, etc.I stay at a lot of hotels of all kinds of standards. I really have no favorites, and I kind of enjoy trying new places. But I really would come back to the Seneca; I was very impressed. A great value overall. Well recommended.	
Aug 23 2003	Good location fine hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights in August. Got a great rate through lodging. Very convenient location, fine staff, pleasant room. Older hotel but fine service and accommodations. We stayed at HI-Chicago the first night of our trip which was also very pleasant and inexpensive and convenient to downtown.We'd stay here again with a good rate.	
Jul 23 2003	Four stars at least!	To the trip reviewer from Berkeley.....we must be inhabiting alternate universes. My experience at the Seneca happened during the same general time frame as yours, and I was beyond happy, I was delighted! The rooms were lovely--I was amazed to find an entire suite (I thought I had reserved for a double bed, and there were two sizeable rooms, beautifully furnished, and a full kitchenette, complete with dishes, full-sized fridge, dishwasher and microwave! The staff--especially the front desk and the doorman--were exceedingly friendly and helpful. There were little glitches--the toilet didn't work properly and one night there were &quot;screaming teenagers&quot; in the hall, but the walls were so thick once I was in my room I couldn't hear them. To reiterate what others said, it was (really!) charming, and the location just couldn't be beat. Maybe there really are two different hotels, a la CS Lewis's wardrobe, and which portal you enter through determines your experience. Mine was wonderful!	
Jul 16 2003	Tough Love	Location convenient to stores, restuarants, and public transportation. Suite/room space &quot;cramped&quot; without adequate chair or table space. Staff was friendly. Hot water not an issue.	
Jun 16 2003	Love Chicago leave the Seneca	I couldn't wait to write this. Where to start? What does it matter. I have traveled all over the world for most of my life and this place easily makes the top three all-time worst venues I have ever experienced. And not for anyone thing either.Where to start? Let's start here: the &quot;door man&quot; doesn't actually get the door and he begrudges calling you a cab. Not just once. All weekend. The reception staff are abrupt at best and unhelpful, arrogant and cold the rest of the time.The building was once an apartment complex and it shows. No real attempt was ever made to actually convert it. The corridors are dingy, the beds saggy, the doors don't close properly and the windows look like they haven't been washed since the Eisenhower administration. The hot water is also interesting. Sometimes there and sometimes not. Never mind, because the lack of pressure makes you forget about the temperature! Makes for wonderful showers. Dining room? Not quite. More like an average diner complete with frozen oily hash browns and forgettable coffee.When you check in you sign a form that waives The Seneca's responsibility for you belongings. No kidding. I returned to the room late one morning to find the door wide open and the maid in the bathroom with the water running and the door closed. I was able to help myself to several key items, change my shirt and leave. I thought about watching a little TV too, but it was such a nice day out. If you like noise, this is the place because this establishment encourages rooms full of screaming teenage girls at 2:00am! Don't take my word for it: just call down to the desk and see that they don't care.Another nice little feature is the statement the Seneca makes on that same little waiver to the affect that service will not always be perfect. They need to engrave that on the room stationary, embroider the towels and have the staff chant it daily! Have you ever known any business that actually writes a 'lower your expectations' statement on paper? Got to hand it to them thit!I read some of the 'reviews' before arriving in Chicago. Wow. Either this place is a very recent victim of a hostile takeover by The Bad Hotel Syndicate or some of you have been to some pretty bad hotels in your time. I saw words like 'charming' and 'impeccable' used. I fail to see either of those characteristics anywhere between those dingy walls.Surely, there must be something good about The Seneca Hotel? Sure there is. Once you step outside it's doors! The location is definitely central to all that magnificent Chicago has to offer!Please, Do yourself a favor. Take my advice: Love Chicago, leave the Seneca	
Jun 5 2003	Seneca Hotel Excellent values	If you want a good hot shower Seneca Hotel is not your kind of hotel. The shower was wimpy and luke warm. Other than that, Seneca Hotel is everything you want and some more. The location is super and the rooms have thick walls so you can't hear a thing. My family of four spent 6 days in Chicago staying at the Seneca Hotel during the week of Memorial Day. We had a 2-room suite. We had a terrific rate, much cheaper than Days Inn in downtown. The room was luxuriuosly furnished. We had 2 double beds and a bath in one room, a living room, a kitchen and a dining area. The suite was very spacious. It was recently renovated. There were 2 TV's and a half bath too. For the money and location you can't find a better deal. Another tip: You can get cheaper rate by reserving thru the hotel. They gave us a good discount because we stayed for 6 days. We will definitely stay them again!	
Jun 2 2003	Good deal at the Seneca	I stayed for 3 nights in late May 2003. I needed to check in early since I was going to a Cubs game so they took care of me no problem. The room was big and very clean. The bed was a king size and very comfortable. Bathrooms were a bit small but again very clean. The location is very good as well. The hotel is literally yards from the Hancock Building and a block away from Michigan Ave and the Magnificent Mile. The staff was very friendly and quite helpful. The walk to shopping areas is very close and great views of Lake Michigan are right down the street. This is a terrific location and very close to fabulous resturants(Cheesecake Factory, Ditka's). I wil stay here again when I return this fall. Highly recommended hotel!	
May 22 2003	Happy at the Seneca Hotel	Just stayed at the Seneca and wanted to support that this is a terrific hotel with friendly service, very fine rooms and a perfect location. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon and found that we were booked in the Presidential Suite. Spacious and comfortable. No complaints here, I'll be returning to the Seneca.	
May 19 2003	Extremely Average..	We were in Chicago the weekend of 5/16-5/18 for my friend's graduation from Northwestern Law School. We stayed in a King Suite at The Seneca. The hotel is extremely charming on the outside. Tulips lined the exterior and was very clean. Parking was not a problem. They have valet parking at the hotel (which is expensive at $30+ for a 24 hr. period). This option is good for those that will be needing their car throughout the day. We chose to park and just walk.. so, we chose the self parking lot across the street. This option is a little less expensive, but not cheal ($19/24 hr.) The room was okay.. the furnishings were extremely average. The kitchen was not very clean.. spots on the counters and the glasses/silverware were dirty. In the suite, the bedroom and living room were both spacious. However, the bathroom was EXTREMELY small. I am a small person - 5'1&quot; and 115 lbs., and could barely manage in the restroom without bumping into the wall or toilet. My friend's grandmother, who is handicapped and also staying at the hotel, couldn't even get in and out of her restroom! Another problem we experienced was the heater in our bedroom. It leaked water, was noisy, and is extremely antiquated. Needed major repairs. All in all, this hotel is extremely average!!! For the price, I'd choose to stay somewhere else since there is a hotel on every block in Chicago!	
May 8 2003	Exceeded my expectations. Definitely would return.		
May 8 2003	Location room size great value!		
Apr 27 2003	Very Disappointed		
Apr 21 2003	Slightly disappointed		
Apr 13 2003	Pictures can be deceiving		
Mar 22 2003	A Respite in the Windy City		
Jan 7 2003	The Seneca gets high marks.		
Jul 5 2002	Wouldn't stay anywhere else in Chicago		
Apr 22 2002	GREAT PLACE		
Jan 9 2002	The Seneca Hotel		
Jan 9 2002	A choisir absolument !		
Nov 26 2009 	Ottima posizione - hotel non male		
Nov 12 2009 	Le meilleurs hôtels de notre voyage de 3 semaines		
Nov 10 2009 	très bon hotel		
Sep 9 2009 	Ottimo Hotel in posiszione fantastica..il migliore di Chicago		
May 9 2009 	Ottima scelta		
Oct 27 2008 	??		
Jun 9 2008 	Optimale Lage		
May 6 2007 	El peor hotel		
