	Pleasant comfortable but unspectacular lodgings	The Westin Chicago River North is a well-run chain establishment centrally located in downtown Chicago. Our room, with a view of the Chicago River, was by no means over-the-top luxurious, but it was well-designed and spacious, with good lighting and comfortable seating. A quiet room and the Westin &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; made for excellent sleeping conditions for someone who often does not sleep well even in better hotels. Service in the hotel was polite and efficient.What keeps this hotel from receiving a top rating: (1) lack of any &quot;wow&quot; factor: the room, while comfortable, was also generic; (2) no free wi-fi; (3) the food we were served in the banquet rooms (for a wedding) was fairly indifferent in quality, even for banquet food. Still, if the price is right, this hotel can offer a very good deal.	
Nov 23 2009 	My new favorite hotel in Chicago	Loved, loved loved this hotel. Beautiful soothing decor, enormous rooms and bathrooms with great views. Terrific location no matter what you are doing. Staff very accomodating and room service was very good, as were the restaurant and lobby sushi bar. Fabulously comfortable bed. This hotel will be my first choice from now on. One recommendation - a surge protector on the desk. I had to crawl under the desk to plug in laptops, chargers etc.	
Nov 12 2009 	SPG status seems to not matter a lot - convenient location nice staff	I've stayed here at least 20 times and the staff are unfailingly nice. It's about average for what you'd expect in a Westin. They seem much more interested in how often you've stayed with them at this location than what your overall Starwood relationship is, which is disappointing. And the Platinum lounge is kind of lame - you feel like they are trying to shake you down for anything other than tap water, and it closes early. They also try to charge you for internet access on the lobby computers, just to print a boarding pass. But location is good and treatment is good.	
Nov 7 2009 	Excellent location	I stayed here for a conference. I was on my own. It was easy to find and a great location. Near shopping and restuarants. The service was great and the room very comfortable. A little on the expensive side for accomodation, however when in a large city on your own I think its worth the extra.	
Nov 4 2009 	GREAT Experience	Loved this hotel. Loved the executive lounge. It was a GREAT experience.	
Nov 3 2009 	Very nice hotel great view from the room	The hotel looks very nice, kind of a boutique hotel. I really loved the soap in the room - leaf shape - and the massage shower. Big rooms, very clean, helpful staff at the reception.Food in the restaurant was not exceptional but still acceptable.	
Oct 27 2009 	Chic Hotel	We stayed over Valentine's Day weekend and got an awesome rate of just $129 a month. Sign up for the e-mail blasts and they will send you notices of special rates. You cannot get a better hotel in the heart of Chicago for that price anywhere. The hotel is located along the river and across the street from House of Blues and a great wine bar called Bin 36. You are also just a short walk to Michigan Ave. and a lot of the major Chicago attractions. The L is not too far either. We stay here all the time!	
Oct 22 2009 	Great choice in the heart of Chicago	We stayed here for a long weekend after placing a bid on Priceline to find a hotel in downtown Chicago. We were presently surprised after we discovered the Westin River North would be our home for the weekend.The location is right on the Chicago River, overlooking Wacker Drive and downtown Chicago. It is very easy walking distance to the Loop, the El trains and Michigan Avenue. The River North neighborhood is home to many great restaurants and seems to have better nightlife than the Loop. All in all, it really was a very convenient location for exploring the city. It seems to cater primarily to business travelers, but is also a very comfortable and accomodating property for leisure travelers as well.The room was large and comfortable, with a very nice chaise lounge (fainting couch?) right by the floor-to-ceiling window. A great place to sit and watch boats sail along on the river down below. The bathroom was also very large, lots of counter space, large mirrors, etc. The style was somewhat Asian, with dark marble tiles and sleek lines. (I think this property was previously a Hotel Nikko, or something like that. The architecture and some of the furnishings are definitely a hold-over from that, although still very nice.)The only drawback I have about this property is their unwillingness to place us in a different room. Three of us (adults) had purchased the room using Priceline. (Yes, I know the fine print at Priceline tells us that the reservation is technically only for two people.) When we checked in, we requested a room with two beds but were told they had us in a room with one king bed. We asked for a different room but was told they were &quot;sold out&quot; for 2nd night of our stay and they wouldn't be able to move us. Even though two of us are Starwood members, we were still refused on our request to get a room with 2 beds. I find it hard to believe the hotel was sold out -- especially since they kept saying it was sold out the next night. I feel like we were somewhat given the shaft because we were Priceline customers. I, of course, have no way of verifying this.We tried calling down to the front desk later in the evening, and even stopped by there in person the next morning and were still met with resistance. Even though the room was very comfortable, the front desk staff and their service left me with a somewhat bitter taste in my mouth. They were not accommodating and were not sympathetic to our request for a different room.	
Oct 21 2009	Rock Star Quality	You will feel high class staying here! The #1 benefit I had staying here was the unimaginably comfortable beds here. By far the best night sleep and makes u wake up with a smile!	
Oct 11 2009 	Great hotel...excellent service	My husband and I have stayed at this hotel before while in Chicago. The second time we checked in the agent behind the desk told us &quot;Welcome back, welcome home&quot;. I thought that was a nice touch coming off of the JFK Epway and dealing with the downtown traffic. The beds is what keeps us coming back. They are so heavenly.We love this hotel and will stay there again. Sure it's expensive but when my husband and I go out on vacation we like the special touches and will spend the money to feel pampered. For thoes who do not want to spend too much check in the wintertime for some great rates. The first time we stayed there was in the dead of winter on a special rate that included parking. Sure who wants to go to Chicago when it's cold, but that is where you can find great deals.	
Oct 8 2009 	What a fabulous place to stay	I'm something of a regular at this elegant hotel. Large enough to have all the amenities I seek (executive lounge, nice work room, lobby bar, in-room internet) and yet small enough to feel personal. The location is terrific for doing business in the loop.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fantastic Hotel but overpriced especially for the extras	We love Westin hotels. So much so that we have a Heavenly bed in our home. Our kids loved watching the boats on the river from our riverview room. This location is fantastic, the lobby is luxurious, and all in all the rooms, decor, etc. was everything I expect from a Westin, even down to the smells. The free use of a computer and iternet in the room was a nice touch for the club level rooms.However, we paid extra to be on the club level. So why is it that every time we went to the club, the employees hinted at charging us extra money? Apparently, what they do not tell you when you pay extra for the club level is that they only expect two people in your party to enjoy it. If you have two young children staying in your room, the club employees make it very clear that they should be charging you $12/person for each snack time that you bring more than 2 people there. Therefore, even though we paid extra for the club amenities, we found ourselves tipping the club employees the equivalent of a decent breakfast at the Panera.While I would recommend this hotel to a friend, I do not recommend the club experience. It is not worth the extra expense.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Hotel in a good location	The Westin Hotel could not have been more accommodating. They allowed us both early check in and late check out. We were there for a wedding and they helped with several requests for things we needed and made great suggestions for things to do and where to eat. The room was extra clean and spacious, very comfortable with a lovely view of the river. The only criticism is that the lobby is a lilttle dark. They need a little better lighting. Would definitely stay there again as well as recommend it.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good hotel and location	Spent a Saturday night here free as part of a promo for staying at Starwood properties. They gave us a better than average room, and also gave us access to the club floor, which was a nice surprise. The room was very quiet, with an excellent ventilation system. It was also clean and has a very comfortable bed. Staff here is very friendly. On the minus side, there appears to be a significant charge for everything, even a bottle of water in the room. There is a charge for using a computer in the lobby as well, so this is not a hotel for those on a tight budget. There is an bagel place across the street for a simple food cheap. The location of the hotel is excellent, just a couple blocks to the train for the airport. The club floor usually costs another $30 for the room, which is probably not a good value, since the continental breakfast and evening snacks are not generous. One thing to note: the hotel is very very in the public spaces, such that you could walk into a column or trip easily. We tried the room service - sushi, which was fine. We would definitely stay here again, if the price were right.	
Sep 28 2009 	Very nice hotel near Magnificent Mile	I stayed in the Westin on Dearborn Ave for one night last week and was very happy. The hotel was in a great location, short walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and the main shopping drag of the city. The room was a good size, with king bed, chaise lounge, flat screen, computer setup, and nice view of a river. Good central location, nice lobby, and helpful staff. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great for families with baby in tow	I've never written a review before but since I have stayed at this property twice, I feel like I should. This recent stay was even better than the one before. I used Starwood points so I figured we would get a less than stellar room, but they gave us a river view room with a minibar fridge. I just used the space in the minibar fridge to store baby stuff that needed to be cool, and we used one of the hotel's very serviceable cribs for our 4.5 month old. I had requested a crib when I made the reservation but the front desk didn't have that info. No problem, though, they sent the crib straight up. One of the doormen in particular was very nice. He wore glasses and of course I can't remember his name. The lobby is great for strolling a sleepy baby who needs to go to sleep. Even though there were conferences in the city and the hotel the entire weekend, it never felt super crowded to me and everyone was friendly. It's in a great location and the only annoying thing is the entrance is hard to see from the road. But cabbies know where it is so it's not usually a problem. Oh and the internet isn't free in the room, but I believe it is in the lobby. Overall lovely stay.	
Sep 3 2009 	Not so Impressed	We used Priceline and got a great deal on the Westin River North over a long weekend in August. For the price, I really have no complaints. But, for a Westin, I expected better. We are Starwood Members and have stayed at many of the Starwood properties and this one did not feel up to par. I called and requested a King size bed, river view, a fridge in our room, and a crib as we were traveling with our 2 year old. I was told no problem on any of this. When we got to the hotel we had to wait a LONG time to check in. There was a very long line and only two people working the desk, and one of them was only assisting Starwood Gold members. They gave us our room and we went upstairs. We DID get a King size bed, but there was no riverview, no fridge and no crib in the room. On our way out we stopped by the desk and asked for the crib and the fridge and we were told they would be brought right up. We went out to visit with friends and go back four hours later and there was still no crib in our room. At this point we had a cranky toddler who needed to sleep! I called and requested the crib AGAIN and finally they brought it to us. I don't understand why I had to request the crib three times! We did end up getting the fridge also.Other than that, we had no other issues with the hotel except that we just didn't feel like guests at a Starwood. We are used to friendly staff and people going out of their way to make your stay more comfortable and we didn't get that impression here. It seems like there was a lot going on at the hotel that weekend- at least two weddings were happening on Saturday night- and the staff seemed preoccupied. For the price, we got a great deal on a nice hotel. But to be honest, I always expect more out of a Starwood property and I just didn't get that feeling at this hotel.Also, we were VERY surprised that this property has no pool!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location wonderful service comfortable and clean rooms	Good value for the money -- rooms are clean, quiet and hotel is well-situated. Concierge is very helpful -- got us tickets for the CAF boat tours that we were told were sold out. Everyone very friendly and pleasant. Location is terrific -- within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile, and some great restaurants. This is the place to stay in Chicago!	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location!	We stayed here this past weekend with a baby and found it to be a very relaxing hotel. The building is old, but the room was big. The location was also fantastic. We walked to the Navy Pier which was beautiful and also to Millenium Park and Buckingham Fountain and to the Magnificent Mile and everything was all very close. There are lots of restaurants to choose from within walking distance and the area felt safe. We also saw lots of other families with strollers so it's definitely a baby friendly city. We didn't have much time to hang out at the hotel so can't comment on the facilities there, but I'd definitely stay here again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Chi-town	Just got back from a 2 night stay at the Westin Chicago River North. Booked through expedia and was not at all disappointed. Location is 'top-drawer', staff were very friendly. Room was really nice and cleaned up very well daily. I did not eat on-site so cannot comment on that but there is a lot within very close walking distance as to anything you want to do in Chicago. Lawry's prime rib-awesome, architectural boat tour-awesome, Sears/Willis tower-awesome (get the fast pass ahead of time). Overall, very happy with the WCRN, did not have a river-view which was disappointing but just meant to actually get out and enjoy everything Chicago has to offer in person. As a note, if you like a little attitude, go to Dick's last resort across the street, the staff there are rude and they do it on purpose so if you like a little rudeness/attitude, that is the place for you, I went, great view of the river, great drinks and you can give it back to them and it only feeds the fire more.....all in good fun so take note of that.....enjoy....	
Aug 14 2009 	Ended Up Here By Accident - But Loved It!	This is an excellent hotel! I only stayed because the Hyatt Regency had overbooked and had sold my room for two nights. How lucky was I? In comparison to the Hyatt, the Westin is an amazing hotel. Friendly staff, up to date and attractive rooms, great food in the restaurant - this place has it all. The location is also good, and the value for money is excellent. The attention to detail is also amazing. The rooms are wonderfully fitted, and feel cosy and inviting. The hotel is also quiet for those who are looking for a relaxing stay. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	Just "ok" hotel but convenient to great food!	My boyfriend and I just spent 4 nights at the Westin River North during my ABA Conference. Bottom line is that I would NOT stay here again. First, however, I will mention the few positive aspects of this hotel. It is in a great location for food and nightlife (short walk to tons of amazing restaurants and cool bars). We tried Vong's Thai Kitchen, Frontera Grill for Mexican, Sushi Samba, and Lou Malnati's (pizza/pasta)...all of which were AWESOME. Also loved the Rockit Bar for drinks! All those places were just a short walk away from the Westin, so we were happy about that. Now for the negative. Before we even got to Chicago, I had issues with the reservations department. I booked through the ABA's travel people and was supposed to have a &quot;Deluxe&quot; river view room, but when I called to confirm, the reservations lady was beyond rude and told me I was only booked for a standard room and there was nothing she could do for me. I then emailed the Westin customer service people and was IMMEDIATELY notified that my room had been upgraded and that everything was taken care of...So I felt better. Then, when we get there (just about 45 minutes before check-in), our room was ready - which was fine - but when I asked the guy at the front desk how long it would be, he said he had no idea and couldn't even guarantee it would be ready by normal check-in time...I was already frustrated because of my long trip and my problems with reservations beforehand, so this wasn't the perfect way to start off our stay.The room: outdated, very disappointing for a &quot;corner riverview room&quot; - especially considering the rate we paid. We even walked over to the Renaissance across the street (we LOVE Renaissance hotels btw) to see if we could switch rooms, but they were booked solid -- so we decided to try and stick it out. I will admit the bed was comfortable and the shower was nice...definitely nothing fancy though.Concierge service: had to wait several times for the concierge to even be at their desk...have mixed emotions about this, as one lady was really great and the other didn't seem to care much about helping us out. Did get a good list of restaurants though. :)Overall - I wouldn't recommend this for the price. Way too high for what you get.	
Aug 8 2009 	Nice hotel	We had a great time in Chicago and a great stay at the Westin. The hotel was within walking distance from everything. The only time I took a cab was when I went to the Museum of Science. Our room was large and clean. We had a view of the river which was gorgeous.They don't serve breakfast which is disappointing since many 3-star hotels include it for free. There is an Einstein's about a block a way. Also, in-room internet is expensive (another amenity that many 3-star hotels include for free) but you can get free wi-fi in the lobby. The only disappointment was the elevator lobby on the 7th floor where our room was located. I think someone may have vomited on the carpets in that area. The smell was absolutely terrible. I was lucky not to have a room nearby the lobby - I can't imagine how the people near the lobby dealt with it! I could tell that the maids worked every morning to clear the smell by using some sort of citrus cleaner. It only masked the smell and the citrus scent dissipated within 2 hours.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great hotel and a fantastic city	We really enjoy staying at Westin Hotels and this was no exception. So why didn't we give it a five? Two things, One they only leave one type of each coffee in the room (one decaf and one regular), we both drink regular. The first morning my husband called and requested an additional regular coffee to be brought up...45 minutes later, we were ready to go, without the coffee. Saying that, when I filled in the comment card upon our departure, I had an email before the end of the day. Needless to say I was very impressed. Second reason, we were on the Executive Club floor, with included breakfast. At other hotels you get a bit of a variety, not here. Cantaloupe, watermelon, bagels, and hard boiled eggs. Needless to say we ate out for breakfast for the other two mornings.Now Chicago. What a fantastic city!!!! We had such a great time and met some fantastic people. The wine bar next to the InterContinental has great wines and great service. We ate at Two of the restaurants they recommended. The one I loved I can't remember the name of was truly a locals place, buzzing with people who all knew each other. It's Italian and literially right behind the wine bar, down a flight of stairs. The food was fantastic would highly recommend. On our last night we went to Spring about a 10-15 minute taxi ride out of the center of Chicago. Again great food, but it was lifeless on a Sunday night. I would try again on a busier night. Again great service.	
Aug 3 2009 	Good location but nothing special amenity wise	The location was convenient to everything - we did a whole lot of walking because we could. The room itself was nothing special, although I will say the bed was very comfortable (albeit a double was a bit small for us). The cable channel selection was very limited - we wound up watching a DVD on my laptop. The lack of free internet, the posted charging of $1.50 for local calls and $8 bottled water created what seemed like an &quot;out to get you&quot; brand damaging atmosphere. Granted none of this is horrible, but there's other hotels as nice looking to please you rather than nickel and dimeing you.I highly recommend visiting the Art Institute and Millennium Park. Blue line from the airport was a breeze to use.	
Jul 28 2009 	Keep on the Sunny side	Stayed four nights as part of a a convention. While the rooms were quiet on the weekend, the construction of the building in front of the hotel entrance starts at 7 AM. Ask for rooms greater than 01-05 on any floor or specifically request a riverview.Being there on a convention, the hotel is not accessible by the convention shuttles and you have to wait at Harry Caray's for the next bus.PS The Einstein on the corner opposite Harry Caray's is very convenient for breakhast on the go.On the plus side, the hotel is within walking distance of the River North restaurants.A note to the business travelre. There is no business center her and shipping packages FEDEX / UPS was quite a challenge.	
Jul 24 2009 	Excellent hotel in every way!	We got this hotel room for $89 through Priceline. Couldn't be more pleased. It was close to all the activities and provided all the services that we needed during our stay. We paid $48 each day with in and out privileges at the hotel, although we never took the car out. Taxi's were convenient and for about $10.00 each way to places like Field Museum and Navy Pier it made more sense to leave the car. Our room was absolutely wonderful. Couldn't find a fault and I am picky. Clean, very comfortable beds, and a large bathroom with a giant tub and shower. Our room had chairs arranged for easy conversations by the window viewing the river, a very large desk and a large hospitality refrigerator stuff full of all kinds of items. The items were pricey but that is expected for the convenience. It was a beautifully decorated room and we would definitely stay there again. The front desk was easy in and easy out. I can honestly say I have never had a better experience and we have traveled the world. They thought and planned for anything you need.	
Jul 24 2009 	Nice hotel but has a few issues..	We stayed at the Westin for my sister's bachelorette party. We got a great deal off of Priceline for $80/night per room which was awesome compared to everything else in the area. Despite the good deal, there were a few issues we had with the hotel.For starters, when we checked in they asked for an ID and a credit card. They did not say anything about charging the card but before we knew it, she was handing the card back to us saying it went thru for the first room but was denied on the second.. We had prepaid online and she did not say anything about charging the card so my sister then got a little rude and asked why the card was even charged. They said it was a $200 charge PER ROOM for incidentals. Now we don't stay in hotels that often and this may be a common practice but she should have at least told us she was charging the card! Upon arriving to our room we realized that we were given king beds when we requested double beds. They did say they would try to accomidate requests but I find it hard to believe every double bed room was taken 3 weeks prior to our arrival when we made that request.When we got back to the hotel later that night (Very late - abt 2:30 in the morn) we asked the front desk for an extra blanket for the one person who was going to have to sleep on the chaise. An hour and a half later the blanket arrived... There was no way the front desk was that busy that late at night for it to take an hour and a half.Our last complaint was getting woken up to room service &quot;knocking&quot; with their key twice then before we could even answer the door, COMING IN our room while we were getting ready and my sister was in the shower!!Overall I gave this hotel 3 stars. It was nicely decorated and clean but there are some major issues for a hotel of this class. I wouldn't want to be one of those that paid full price for this hotel and had these kind of problems.** We found that parking a block and a half away at a Self Park garage saved us A LOT of money. (between Clark &amp; LaSalle on Kinzie) It was $42 for valet at the hotel and the parking garage only cost us $16. (Night &amp; weekend special)	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Place	My wife and I stayed here on the 4th of July. The hotel was very nice, clean, and comfortable. It was everything I expected from a Westin. The only negative was that the maids knocked on our door twice trying to clean the room despite the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign being on the door. The hotel was a little off the beaten path. Most CTA buses were about two blocks away. We didn't mind the walk as the weather was excellent. I would definetly stay here again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Worth Seeing If You Can Get A Deal With The Hotel	This is based on a stay on a river view room. XX25 will secure you such a view, and is apparantly a little bigger than the other traditional rooms. The hotel's in a great place to explore the City.Nice property, exceptionally clean, although the hotel seemed just a little gloomy when entering the lobby from the street - it's all the darkened glass windows. It's the same with the rooms. They also have privacy blinds at the windows, as well as curtains.Can't really believe the other rooms offer too much in the way of views as it seemed the Westin's now towered over by other properties nearby.Some roadnoise from the Dearborn Street bridge, but in a way, quite mesmerising.Room minibar had extortionate prices - plenty of convenience stores a short distance away though, so too was the blue E station Clark and Lake - just over the bridge a 5 minute walk and a direct line from O'Hare Airport - only $2.20 and a 40 minute ride.It's the only hotel I've been to, where you're charged a daily rate ($10 per person) to use the gym. That was disappointing. There were also charges for internet access in rooms and in the business centre, although a discrete sign in reception said that there was free wifi in the lobby and the lounge. Offered a room rate on the day of $217 per night which was around $100 less than best price booking in advance on Westin's own website. Pity we'd already prepaid through a travel agent.Obviously, if you like to take a gamble, you can get a better price.	
Jun 23 2009 	Love the Westin!	My husband and I stayed here for a weekend in April and were not disappointed. We have always been a fan of Westin's Heavenly Beds and clean, trendy decor. This Westin stayed true to its name. The location was good for sightseeing as well. It was an easy walk to the Magnificent Mile as well as the Sears Tower and the Museum Campus.The only negative was the concierge...we asked for help in recommending a comedy club and she handed wrote down a phone number and handed us the phone. (I was the only person at the desk) I was on hold for over 15 minutes....it was just strange, I'm not quite sure why she was there! Other than that it was a great hotel!	
Jun 8 2009 	A great business hotel that really goes that extra mile.	The Westin Chicago River North is a posh business hotel with a great location and great amenities. The rooms were top-notch and everything about our visit went smoothly. Read on for details:LOCATION:The Westin Chicago River North is located just outside the northern end of the Loop, on the river, between Dearborn and Clark streets. It is about a 5 minute walk from the Magnificent Mile, about 10 minutes from Millennium Park, and maybe 15-20 to the Art Institute and museum district. Driving, the hotel is completely subject to the vagaries of Chicago traffic, but it's in the neighborhood of 45 minutes to O'Hare airport with typical traffic, and about 10 minutes from McCormick Place. Cab fare from O'Hare was $42 excluding tip.PROPERTY:The Westin has a nice lobby bar, which also has a Sushi Bar attached. There is a full-service restaurant off the lobby. There are available computer terminals that form a sort of mini-business-center just next to registration. The main entrance of the hotel is actually on the 2nd physical floor, and the two levels leading down to River level are meeting rooms and ballrooms, all of which are in excellent condition. There is a fitness center on the Mezanine level. Guest rooms are between floors 3 and 20, with the top two floors being the Westin Executive Club -- generally reserved for suites, top room rates, and high-level Starwood Preferred Guest members. There is a Club Suite on the 20th floor serving complimentary breakfast in the morning, and complimentary hors d'oeuvres in the afternoon, available to guests staying on the Club floors. The Club also offers an executive Business Center which is slightly more functional than the computer cubicles in the lobby.ROOMS:The rooms in the Westin are exceptional. All rooms were fully equipped with the Westin package, including their Heavenly Beds (they are!) and their dual-head showers. As a Starwood Gold guest, I received a complimentary upgrade to a Club-level room upon check-in. The westward-facing rooms have a great view down to the river, and all rooms have large nearly floor-to-ceiling windows, with both a privacy shade and a black-out curtain. Not certain if all rooms have all of the other amenities, but our club-level room also had a clock/radio with included iPod dock, a POD-type coffee brewer, complimentary wireless Internet, a flat-panel TV and in-room electronic safe.STAFF:The staff at the hotel were wonderful. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, the bellmen and guest services crew went out of their way to assist with plans both inside and outside of the hotel, and the lobby bar crew are experts at serving business groups -- attentive but not overbearing.OTHER:Anyone driving here should beware that on-site parking at the hotel is criminally expensive -- a whopping $42 per night for valet parking with in/out privileges! While it's definitely convenient to park on-site, there is a lot about two blocks away at (I believe) Kinzie and LaSalle Streets, with an overnight rate of $22. The hotel staff actually told us about this alternative lot, so I suspect many guests elect to self-park there.In general, our stay at the Westin was exceptionally smooth and productive. Our meetings in their river-level rooms went smoothly, the rooms themselves were comfortable and well-appointed, and the staff did their jobs well. I would recommend this hotel to any business group, but also to any tourist if you can get a decent rate. The hotel's convenient location to many popular downtown Chicago spots makes this a fantastic option for just about anyone!	
May 25 2009 	Best Westin in Chicagoland!	I stayed hear when my apartment was being painted after moving to Chicago for work. When I got to the front desk (SPG Gold member) they automatically upgraded me to a corner river view room on a high floor. I also had access to their club upstairs. Great hor' dourves and free softdrinks. It was basically my dinner by the time I left. I had a lovely night watching 4th of July fireworks from my window. Slept great and left with late check out. The next year I went their to find a quiet place to talk on the phone and they let me borrow a conference room. AMAZING!!!	
May 23 2009 	Great Room View and Location	I booked this Westin through Hotwire for only $81...a fabulous deal for mid-May. After booking, I called the hotel and kindly requested a King bed room with a river view. What we received at check-in was room 626, a large corner room with three huge windows that overlook the Chicago River! (It seems that rooms ending in x24-x27 are river view rooms). This hotel is beautiful from top to bottom. The location is perfect, right between river north and the loop. It is easy to walk anywhere you want downtown. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. The bed is outstanding, and the chaise lounge is a nice touch. Great LCD TV with HD channels. Huge workstation. Only complaint is that everything is extra $. They charge for internet, fitness center, and a ton for valet parking. Many downtown hotels charge for these also, which is why we still give the WRN 5 stars. Plus, at $81 (regular $250) there isn't much to complain about really. Tip: if you drive in, park your car at the Sterling garage on Kinzie, between Clark and LaSalle. Much cheaper than valet.	
May 10 2009 	great view spacious room but need to clean the bathroom - yuck!	I just returned from 2 nights and it is a very nice hotel, esp the deluxe rooms facing the river - there are 2 beveled floor to ceiling windows that offer a panorama of a beautiful view. The bed is comfy. However, the air (and some staff) are stuffy. The bathroom had an acrid smell - a combo of urine &amp; moldy shower curtain. I had to keep the bathroom door shut. The room itself was clean enough, but they do need to deal with the lack of fresh air and really scrub down the floor. My other complaint is the way they nickle and dime you for every silly thing - NOTHING is free, not the Interent, a bottle of water is $7.00, and a $.75 Kit Kat candy bar is $5.60. This is a turn off - they are not thinking of guest comfort as much as making as much $$$ off you as they can.. The overall ambience is a bit high-end sterile, but otherwise this is fine for a night or two. It is close to everything and very safe.	
May 9 2009 	A good comfortable hotel in centre of city	Overall a pleasant experience. The concierge was very knowledgeable giving us a lot of good information on attractions, restaurants and helping us book tickets for the Bulls game at very short notice. Check in staff were courteous except for a slight discrepancy in final bill which wasn't resolved by the time I left. The hotel could do with a makeover but overall clean and importantly quiet. Service was good and nicely subdued. Downside is that you had to pay $10 to use the gym. Doesn't this come free for guests in other hotels?Bar service was nicely understated and very polite staff. Overall, recommended for both business and personal travel.	
May 4 2009 	Nice Westin but very business oriented	Stayed here for one night on a &quot;staycation&quot;. From the outside it doesn't offer much and feels more like a business tower than a hotel. The rooms and public spaces however are comfortable and elegant. The rooms are typical Westin but it you can secure a room on the south side of the tower overlooking the river you will have a great view and a larger room. Bathrooms nice as well. Great location right on the river and close to everything.	
May 3 2009 	Elegant. Heavenly!	I love this hotel. It's elegant, efficient, spacious, clean, modern, and very well located just across the Chicago River from the Loop. The staff are exceptionally nice, the lobby restaurant/sushi-bar is cozy and reasonably priced, the rooms are tastefully decorated and clean, and of course the beds are great. For a mid-size business hotel, it really feels boutique-ish. Expect nice-size rooms and bathrooms, nice touches everywhere (like a personal computer in the room, oversize room safes, pleasant colors), and generally feeling very much at home. Even the hallways are warm and welcoming.	
Apr 27 2009 	Relaxing	Beautiful Hotel with exceptional rooms. We were upgraded to the presidential floor for free. Kids really enjoyed the stay with TV,great room service and happy hour. The view of Chicago river was beautiful from your room. Close to everything Chicago stands for. Walking distance to Mag Mile, State St and a lot of well known restaurants.	
Apr 21 2009 	Loved the Westin	We stayed here for four nights after getting a good deal on lastminute.com and honestly could not fault it in anyway, The staff were pleasent and courteous( the concierge in particular was helpful in booking us a river cruise), with check in swift and hassle free, we had a spacious partial river view room with an extremely comfortable bed and an excellent power shower ,We were room only so cannot comment on the hotel food but Einstiens Bagels is only a block away and was very reasonable for breakfast.In terms of location we got a blue line train from terminal 3 at O'Hare straight into Park and Lake (about 45mins) and the hotel was only a 5minute walk away, about 10 minutes walks you to the mag mile one way and to the shops of North State Street the other ( Filenes, Old Navy, Macys etc ).The house of blues was just across the road which is a must see and there are plenty of bars and restaurants in close proximity	
Apr 19 2009 	Special night with my wife	My wife and I both live in Chicago, and this continues to be one of our favorite places for a special night together. We spent our wedding night there and like to regularly spend a night downtown to connect with each other. The staff is wonderful and pays attention to every detail. The rooms are very nice and most have a wonderful view of the Chicago River. In June, when we are doing construction on our house, we are planning on staying at the Westin for two weeks.	
Mar 30 2009 	LOVE this Westin!	I stayed at this Westin for one night while tagging along on my boyfriends business meeting. We usually stay at Westins at this is definitely one of the nicer ones we have stayed at. The location can be pretty easy to miss due to construction but its fantastic (great for shopping) I forgot a pair of heels and the concierge directed us to Nordstrom just a few blocks away (and mapped it out for us) She said there was a Macy's and Filene's Basement in the opposite direction but I believe that was a few blocks further. The concierge also made a recommendation for a great Italian restaurant within walking distance (Coco Pazo) and made reservations for us as well. She's friendly but a little too chatty...The lobby is open to the restaurant/bar but the entire area gives off a trendy vibe. Check-in was quick, everyone was friendly and within just a few minutes we were in our suite. The suite (I forget which kind) was large - a wetbar area, living room/office, with seperate bedroom, and a huge bathroom. The entry way/wetbar had a wall of mirrors that led into the living room. There was ample seating (3 person couch, chair) flat panel tv, desk with Mac desktop and the room was so large it didnt feel cramped.The bedroom had a Kind bed, flat panel tv, seperate sitting area with chaise lounge and was still very roomy. The bedroom closet had more than enough hangers (I'm a stickler about this)The bathroom was HUGE - seperate stand shower, tub, but i do with there was a bit more counter space. There was more than enough towels in the bathroom and two bathrobes too. I absolutely love this Westin and hope we stay here again next time we're in Chicago!	
Mar 23 2009 	True to Westin theme.	This is the second Westin we have stayed at, and I have been impressed so far. Got a great rate for the weekend, so the value was worth what we paid this time. Our room was on the 14th floor, lots of space (especially good for pack-in-play!), decent view, and quiet, clean room. Service was spot-on. While the location is within walking distance (about 12 minutes) to Michigan Ave, and other downtown shopping (and subway), businesses in immediate neighborhood do close early. Hotel restaurant kind of pricey (but aren't they all?), but good diversity, and even contains healthy food options. Parking pricey ($42 per 24 hours) - but not unexpected for a downtown location Would stay at again.	
Mar 13 2009 	was less than expected	the location is very good for shopping and dinner, don't expect a great reception, the executive lounge charge you for drinks-expensive is small, but is good for breakfast,	
Mar 8 2009 	Good central location and smart business hotel	Good hotel - easy check-in, but when checking out there was only one receptionist who couldn't get away from the customer she was helping. Was there no-one she could have asked to come and assist on the desk? And the concierge and door man had disappeared when I went to find my driver. Room was very spacious, with a very comfortable bed. Water pressure in shower ok, but have known better. Not much choice on TV. The room and hotel were quiet, but the Chicago Fire and Ambulance service do like their sirens.Good central location next to the river and only a couple of minutes' walk from the metro from OHare. Only 20 minutes by car from (Saturday 6.30pm) or to (Monday 11am) the airport. Close to theatres, but a surprising lack of choice for diners nearby on a Saturday night. Even Arby's was shut. As for Sunday ...	
Mar 2 2009 	Nice hotel good location but could do with a thorough clean!	I only stayed one night and had never stayed in a Westin, so wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by the style of the hotel on entrance and it's definitely of the upscale and modern variety, which I like. Service was good on reception, for drinks and at breakfast the next morning. The bedroom was a really good size, with desk area and chaise and the shower had a wide arc so you had lots of shower space, which was nice. It was comfy, quiet and the whole set up pointed to a quality chain. My only real gripe was a really good sprinkling of hair in and around the tub/shower curtain - it looked like someone had cut their hair there and I couldn't see how it had been missed. A couple of hairs I don't mind here and there, but this was a LOT of hair. Everything was dusty too, which just added to the feel that it needed a thorough clean and not just a once over post checkout. Nothing major though and certainly wouldn't put me off going back or trying out Westins elsewhere.	
Feb 21 2009 	Perfect service outstanding rooms	We've been here before -- once for a conference, a few times on business. Now, we have our son living in Chicago, and, although he is a fair bit away, we still stay here. The people in this hotel are extremely accommodating, helpful and friendly. The location is great. The rooms are very clean and spacious. The beds are great.	
Feb 17 2009 	elegant beyond words!!	My husband and I stayed here over valentine's weekend and were just amazed with the whole experience! The lobby was gorgeous, the front desk was very friendly, and I can't say enough about the room!! We stayed in a room with a &quot;heavenly&quot; bed (king-size), it was so comfortable! The bathroom was huge with a dual shower head and tub. Our view was directly in front of HOB's and the rivver was slightly to the right. The restaurants and nightlife around the area had great variety and within walking distance. I can't wait to come back!!	
Feb 4 2009 	Looks more 5 star than 4 star	I used to stay in Chicago pretty often on business, so I've seen many of the downtown hotels. I really thought I had stayed at a 5-star hotel when I stayed at the Westin. The room was really really nice, much larger than the Intercontinental or the Marriott that are nearby.I think I paid as much or more than I have at the Marriott or IC, but this time I thought I got more value for money. There really was nothing to complain about and my room had a wonderful view of the river. This place is still within very close distance of the theater district as well as the northern part of Michigan avenue.	
Dec 3 2008 	WOW! Best kept secret in Chicago	This hotel is great. It used to be the Nikko operated by JapanAirways and although it is redone it still has some of the high tech Oriental flair. The rooms overlook the city, river or both.The windows are glass walls with panoramic wide vistasof the city action below. The rooms are large,quiet with large bathrooms and magnificent showers. Breakfast is great. You canopt for a traditional American breakfast or order healthy spa selections. The staff and bellmen are friendly and helpful.Starwood hotels that now owns this property runs this placevery well. They have special deals ,shopping and corporate rate specials. We found this place a great bargain in Chicago.The location is a 10 minute walk to Michigan Ave. shopping. A short taxi ride to Rush street, Soldier Field and Field Museum, The Art Institute. All of these places can be walked to if you are prone to enjoying long and interesting walks in the city. There aremany fabulous restaurants in this part of the city.	
Nov 17 2008 	best room in house is corner looking south west up river	I came in town to see Cubs playoffs:-( After both games I found comfort in my spacious corner room on the 11th floor. I enjoyed the bedding, as always, coffee (1-cup maker) is so nice, nice bathrooms, great workspace, and my awesome view!Everything at this hotel was perfect for me.Great bar in lobby, with exceptional food. great location	
Nov 9 2008 	Great Location Great Rooms and Great Stay	Great Hotel in Chicago in a great location.Stayed there with my partner in April on our USA trip and definately would stay again.Location is downtown Chicago and close to all major sightseeing and shopping. The hotel facilities are excellent, clean, rooms are spacious, beds are just plain heaven, bathrooms and showers are just amazing and the staff is very friendly and helpful.Had a great room overlooking the river.Only let down was the breakfast. 40 dollars for two people is quite steep considering you get brekki in a lovley cafe just near to the hotel for half the price. Apart from this everything was just perfect.	
Nov 5 2008 	Loved it! (Except for the breakfast)	It is in a very good location, close to Sears tower (about a mile), the Navy Pier (1/12 mile) close by the free trolley which you can take to go to the Navy Pier or to museums :) TClose to the business district and a quick ride to Old Town.The hotel is beautiful, super modern and sleek. We had a room on the 10th floor with an awesome view of the River. The bed was super comfy! I'm thinking to buy the mattress from the site. Big plasma TV, a nice longe chair to read by the window. The bathroom double shower, immaculate. The personnel was really nice and help us get orientated in Chicago. Since I was there for a conference I was not impressed with the continental breakfast they provided. Blah! But I went to their sushi bar, excellent! :) Probably the restaurant is better for breakfast. I will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 21 2008	Clean hotel fabulous location	Stayed here after attending a wedding in the hotel. Overall, a positive experience. The rooms were fairly large, clean, and we were given a prime view of the Chicago River. The hotel's location is one of it's best assets. We were in walking distance of Millennium Park, Michigan Ave., and right across the street from the House of Blues.My only complaints are the $42 charge for overnight parking (I know it's downtown Chicago, but c'mon ... that's very high) and the not-so-heavenly bed (I've stayed at other Westins, and somehow this bed wasn't quite up to snuff).	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Location Great Specials Best way to see Chicago!	After searching for hours online for different hotels, the Westin made the most sense. So I called up the hotel directly instead of buying online, and wound up getting a great deal. Just ask about their specials... The woman that helped me book was wonderful, and made a note to upgrade my wife and I and treat us with VIP service... Sure enough when we arrived they did. We were upgraded to club member status, and were given a top level club suite. The view was slightly blocked by Marina City Towers (just across the street), but looking out the bedroom we could look down upon the Chicago River that banks on the hotel. The room was huge. It was a suite, so it was a combination of 2 rooms: a living room and a door into the bedroom on the other side. The living room was spacious with a couch and flat-panel TV, along with a bar and a desk/office area with a iMac computer with internet access (which was helpful in finding things to do). The bedroom was in the next room with a sexy chase lounge, a very comfortable bed, and a huge bathroom. The bed was so comfortable that I am now looking into buying one of them - which i believe the Westin claims to sell - or they just slap their name on them, anyway they are fantastic.The location, is probably one of the best features of this hotel, if your familiar with Chicago - this is right in the heart of the River North area, across the street from the House of Blues and Marina City Towers. Within walking to everything, you won't need to waive any taxis down, just pack a comfortable pair of shoes and enjoy the city!	
Sep 23 2008 	Very Good	Got a room at the Westin through Priceline for about 60% less than booking direct. Had a huge room on the 7th floor with a city view. Very spacious, clean and comfortable. The room was very dimly lit with no option to increase lighting; and the wifi is at least freein the lobby (although an unpredictable and patchy connection) - There is no option to have breakfast in the hotel if you are not a Starwood Club member; but fortunately Einstein Bagels is only one block north up Dearborn and has a great breakfast selection. (Einstein also benefits from a strong free wifi connection from the hotel above it..... )The hotel is right at a water taxi stop; and also more than close enough to walk along the river; or to Magnificient Mile. Its about a 3 block walk between the hotel and Clark/Lake station.My only real complaint is that it took a terribly long time and tremendous amount of wasted water to get hot water from the taps. At least half a bathful before the tap was running hot. They really should turn up the water thermostat!	
Sep 1 2008 	Overall Quite Satisfied	Stayed here 4 nights for business meetings.Overall Hotel was very nice. Only complaint was the meeting rooms downstairs for our company were very hot. After NUMEROUS complaints they finally managed to use the A.C.Stayed at Embassy Suites Downtown Lakefront for 3 additional nights...WESTIN was much nicer and elegant.Very good location also	
Aug 21 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Very nice, classy hotel. All of the staff is friendly and helpful.The rooms are clean, large and comfortable. Nice location.You must eat at Sullivan's when here - it is only a block away.I would stay here again in an instant.	
Aug 18 2008 	Am I being fired?	I stay at Starwood properties constantly. I used to love the service, and I am one of those model customers - stay 30+ times per year, never complain, etc., but things are progressively deteriorating. My recent problems at the Westin River North are small, but continue the downward trend.1. After staying at Starwood properties for close to 30 nights, I tried to use my points to book a personal stay - only to discover I had none. According to &quot;customer service&quot; all of my points were going to an airline, and they claimed I had authorized this. I asked for proof - a signed paper, an email form, anything - but they refused to provide any, and refused to give me my points back. 2. I originally was upgraded to a concierge level at every stay - once I corrected their mistake on the airline and began collecting actual Starwood points for real, those upgrades stopped. At the West River North, I was dropped down to the preferred level, and then to the regular level. For some reason, I stopped receiving the benefits that I had supposedly earned as a regular customer - free water, free internet, free health club access - all gone. 3. When I went to Westin's front desk to let them know about minor housekeeping issues - i.e., I didn't get a bottle of water, the soap was thrown away each night, and someone's used hair tie went from the floor into my back of hair supplies (ick). I was pretty nice about it - just &quot;here's an FYI for your housekeeping staff.&quot; The attendant's response was to roll her eyes, tell me the water was the mini-bar's responsibility, and ask why I was complaining about the soap being thrown away. I had to ask whether they had ever heard of the environment in ChicagoFor those of you who wonder, take 100 rooms * 2 bars of soap per night * 365 days per year * the number of hotels in Chicago, and ask yourself if you want that in your water supply. I've stayed in hotels (including the Westin) enough to know they usually don't throw away the soap if the same person stays in the room. These aren't huge, and wouldn't be worth noting for a $100/night place. But given the obscene prices, and given the competition for valuable regular customers - surely they can do better?	
Aug 14 2008 	Great location overall good	We were there in July on business. Room was well appointed being on the club level. While non-smoking I did notice a faint smell obviously from the previous visitor. Great location on the river and a very good breakfast served each day in the restaurant. I would stay there again.	
Aug 2 2008 	Nice Westin in a good location	This is a nice Westin in a good location. Easy walk to all that you want to do, yet quiet (for Chicago). Our room was clean, well appointed and had a nice view of the river. Service was average.	
Jul 31 2008 	Nice downtown hotel in good location	I liked this hotel alot. It was decorated very simply and elegantly. We were on the 3rd floor and did not have any special view, except for an office building across the street. There is alot of construction going on around the hotel and downtown in general. We had an issue with our shower but we didn't bother complaining about it. It was leaking and squirting out the sides. The shower head was also coming away from the wall. The caulking around the bathtub had some mold on it. It was difficult to see at first because the caulk was infact a black color (matched the black marble tiles). The only thing I did not like about this place was that it was extremely dark. The lobby area had very dim lighting and so did the rooms. But that is the style of the hotel. Our beds were very comfortable. I used the gym twice (there's a $10 fee). There was a good selection of equipment and it was clean. We had some drinks at the bar and some sushi one night. I wouldn't recommend eating/drinking at the hotel as they charge around 15% tax on any food/drink at the hotel, which would be the same in any hotel in Chicago. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel either. There's an Einstein Bagel outside the hotel where we ate breakfast. There are lots of restaurants within a few minutes walk of the hotel. Room Service and Mini Bar was very expensive so we didn't use it. The front desk staff were friendly and even took off a charge for WI FI that my teenage son signed up for using his PSP without asking me. I appreciated that. The concierge staff were helpful with directions and helping us with dinner arrangements. Overall, we had a very pleasant stay at the Westin and would stay here again. If construction bothers you, check with the hotel beforehand because there was alot of construction going on right outside the hotel when we were there in July.	
Jul 26 2008 	Very nice place	Check in was smooth, no PL mentioned. Even honoured my reqeust of a king size room without any questions. Got one facing north at the corner, so no river view. It's a problem as there is a new condo/building going up now, so there are tons of construction worker looking right into the room...so if that's not your thing then you will need to close the drapes often. Room itself is newly renovated (think most if not all rooms are). Tons of space, nice chaise and chairs (more than the usual 1 in other hotels), and a good desk/chair to work on. Of course, the heavenly bed and the works. Bathroom was also fantastic, marble everywhere, extra large soaker tub, double shower head, quiet Kohler toilet, shaving mirror with light, and large counter space and shelves for storage. Only down side to the room was 1)lotion is more runny than water, 2) dark hallway so the minibar was hard to use since you are in the dark, 3)terrbile corkscrew (buy one if you are going to drink wine often), and outrageous minibar charges ($5 for water). Service of everyone was great, even gave me late checkout. Concierge was a bit cold. Sushi bar in the lobby was good and reasonably priced. Free wireless internet also in the lobby so don't pay in the room. They try to sell you a drink but just politely refuse and surf away. Location is amazing, tons of (albeit pricey) restaurants around, 7-11 and Einsteins Bagel just up the street, and short walk to Brown/Red line and Michigan Ave and Blue line from O'Hare. It was also a very quiet hotel given it's size and business nature (even on weekedays). So if you get this hotel on your bid, start smiling	
Jul 16 2008 	Great stay at the Westin	My husband and I stayed at the Westin over 4th of July weekend for an anniversary trip/babymoon. I've traveled all over but never stayed at the Westin, and would highly recommend this property. We arrived around 11, checked in and were upgraded to a room with club level access (free continental breakfast, evening appetizers, and gym). The woman at the counter was lovely and really friendly. The room was great - the bed was indeed Heavenly, though I've seen more impressive bathrooms. We had a computer with free wireless in the room, but it didn't work, and I was charged for a call to the help desk. Small inconvenience, really, because there was also a computer in the club lounge. Breakfast was great- espresso machine, assorted juices, milk, cereal, hardboiled eggs, salted meats and cheeses, pastries and bagels, and fruit. The appetizers in the evening were less impressive, but still nice. The hotel has a great location right on the river - there are tons of great restaurants within a few blocks. We used the concierge George for restaurant reservations and architecture tour booking, and both were great. Overall, great room, excellent location, great staff. Would absolutely return.	
Jul 11 2008	Will not return	We are loyal Westin fans and Starwood members, but were terribly disappointed with this hotel. We booked online through hotel website and were asked if we cared to upgrade to Executive accommodation that included continental breakfast, internet, health club, etc. Foolishly, we did. When we arrived there was no valet to open doors or help with luggage. Nor was any other staff member willing to do more than watch us struggle in through revolving door,. The front desk staff informed us that they found two rooms in our name and were insistent that we pay for 2nd room since it was not canceled within the deadline. After much discussion we asked to speak with manager and they promised a call when he/she was available. Next they told us our room was not available and none on that level were cleaned as yet (3:30 PM). By 5:00 PM we settled for a 2-double bed instead of king room so we could change in time for dinner reservations. Never heard from manager. For the following two days endured terrible service and were happy to leave. At check out we again inquired about extra room charge and were told it was taken care of, but we'll see. Definitely not up to Westin standards.	
Jul 3 2008 	Nice Place	The hotel has gone under renovation and the rooms and bathrooms are very nice. We were staying at the hotel for a Wedding. The Wedding was held completely at the hotel. The hotel managed everything. It was so beautiful! The restaurant at the hotel was very good. It is called the Ember Grille and we had a nice breakfast there. The room had a small view of the river. I liked that the hotel was central to many of the great places to go on foot. Directly across from the hotel is the House of Blues. The hotel has a nice lounge in the center with a bar.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great hotel great location	My husband and I live in the Chicago burbs and wanted to book a weekend to get away downtown. We've stayed in several Chicago hotels over the years, the Westin River North is at the top of the list. Next time we stay downtown, this will be the first hotel we will try to book.We used our Starwood points, so our 2-night stay was free. So I can't really comment on the price. However, here's a good tip: Don't valet. It's $41 a night (plus tip). There are parking garages all over the place in that area. We kept our car at a garage a half block away - it was $35 for 2 nights.Other comments on the hotel:- The location was stellar. There are so many restaurants/attractions you can walk to that I can't begin to list them. Anytime we wanted to get a cab, the bell staff just waved and it was there waiting for us.- The lobby is beautiful and very inviting for drinks. There is an onsite sushi bar in the bar - you can just order up some sushi with your drinks - very nice.- The room service was very speedy (dinner [sushi] took 25 mins, breakfast 20 mins) and delicious. There is 24 hour room service.- Check-in was fast and the staff was very friendly. We used the concierge as well as the bell staff and everyone seemed happy and was very helpful.- As other Westin hotels, the &quot;heavenly bed&quot; was a real treat - as was the deluxe shower.- We didn't pay for or ask for a River view, but got a partial River view that was delightful.The only negative thing I could think of was our TV was a bit on the fritz. We ordered a movie one night and the movie kept turning off and returning us to regular television. This was really aggravating, but we were credited for the movie.This hotel is highly recommended, you will not be disappointed!	
Jun 26 2008	Mixed feelings!	I'm just back from a four night stay at the Westin, as part of a conference, and have mixed feelings about the hotel. The room itself was nice; usual size, comfortable bed, flat screen tv. As others have mentioned, they charge to use the fitness center, which seems over the top for their usual rates. The room service dinner I had one night was fine (but it was just a chicken caesar salad) and it arrived very quickly. I had breakfast in their restaurant one morning and it was ok .... and around $20.This is definitely not the place to stay if you're in Chicago on vacation. It's a bit of a walk to Michigan Avenue and while there are some restaurants in the area, nothing is very close. It was fine for the conference since the shuttle bus picked us up every morning and brought us to the convention center.The staff was inconsistent. Sometimes there were too many bellman in the front, and other times none (yesterday when we left, nobody was there for about 10 minutes and we got our own cab to the airport). The maid service was very inconsistent.I guess I'd recommend it if you had business in the area or are in town for a conference.	
Jun 22 2008 	Only thing going is location	The hotel is located in a prime location, but the hotel does not add up to the quality of the location, the room was just O.K. the restaurant was not good at all for the money, the food was sub par, the flavors on the dishes did not work well and not taste good, the waitstaff is horrible, did not see any management to discuss it with, this is probably a hotel that I see is poorly managed, to give this kind of food.This happens a lot in hotels, that is why hotel restaurants have a bad name, I also attende a banquet here and the food tasted badly, it was like they do not care.	
Jun 16 2008 	Amazing stay at the Westin River North!	My girlfriend and I were very impressed with the room, staff, and lobby at the Westin River North. Our room was very spacious, had a great view with a chase lounger to enjoy it, had a very nice bathroom (the dual shower heads in the bath were a definitely plus), and the flat-panel TV was great too. Also, our check-in experience was quick and the woman was friendly and professional. Finally, the location was perfect for us as tourists! Very nice walks along the river, and we ambled over to a great place for dinner, Shaw's Crab House.Our great experience at the Westin was in stark contrast to the terrible experience at the Palmer House Hilton the night before (we switched hotels b/c of bad planning, but now we're glad we did make the move to the Westin!).	
Jun 15 2008 	Would make some changes at the Westin	I was at the Westin in early June of 2008 for a convention. They had a huge problem with the air conditioning not working and the weather was very hot and humid. It took 3 days before my room was cooled down. The one big complaint I have about the Westin are all the additional charges:Use of the workout room $10/dayLocal phone calls $1.50/call plus additional charge per minuteBottled water in the room $5.50/eaComputer in the lobby was by the minuteNo coffee or danish in the morning - that was also an additional price.Boy did it seem like they wanted to nickel and dime me at every turn.After awhile the additional charges were getting a bit crazy.Biggest complaint: NO EMERGENCY ESCAPE MAP - no map anywhere telling me where the stairwells were should there be a fire. No Westin hotel guide for services available at the hotel. No local phone book.I think they need to clean up their act. They could also use some higher powered light bulbs in the entry to the rooms too.	
Jun 4 2008 	A great stay	A colleague and I stayed for 4 nights at the Westin River North for a meeting at the convention center. For comparison, I stayed at the Hyatt McCormick Place last year for a similar convention and promised myself that I wouldn't do that again--the convention center is in the middle of nowhere in Chicago. The Westin River North is very conveniently located by the river--less than 20 minutes by shuttle to the convention center and a 5 minute walk to the Magnificent Mile. Had a nice partial view of the river. If you're in Chicago primarily for shopping, though, it's probably a better idea to stay on or right off the Magnificent Mile.Pros: Heavenly Bed and Bath. Wow. Even if the hotel room were in an alley, I would happily stay there. Smoke-free hotel is nice. Wireless internet free in the lobby.Cons: Use of the fitness center requires an extra fee. If the price is almost $400 a night, this should be included. Also, no free internet in the rooms. Also--the toiletries were average. The W has Bliss products and the nearby Hotel James offered Kiehl's productsOverall: based on the location, cleanliness and the Heavenly Bed and Bath, I would definitely stay here again while in Chicago.	
Jun 2 2008 	One of the Best SPG Property In Town!	Stayed at this lovely property during the memorial day weekend. The hotel occupency rates were low so got upgraded to a nice 1 BR Suite upon arrival. The room is spacious, clean, and comfortable.The hotel is situated right next to the river so some of the rooms will have a view of the river. The hotel has 20 floors where the top 4 floors are the executive floors where they have free Wired internet access and iMac to use in room (this is one of the coolest thing I found at this property, not even W offers that). The room features typical Westin Heavenly Bed, Heavenly Shower and 37&quot; LCD TV. The hotel has an executive lounge located on the 20th floor for guests staying at the club level. I think it is worth to stay at the club level if you are trying to save few bucks on breakfast n etc. They do have a nice selection of contiental breakfast &amp; evening cocktails and I do love the way they decorate their lounge. You can just sit there and enjoy the river view on a quiet day., very nice!The hotel has a fully equipped gym (very nice), no swimming pool (oh wells), and they have a nice japanese restaurant on site (hana lounge) where you can order it from your room as well. The check in agents were friendly and eager to help, so does bell desk and concierge desk lady provided lots ideas on where to go/eat/shop..etc. Very helpful! The hotel is 5 minutes easy walk to the nearest subway station ( Clark / Lake) and its right across from the house of blues and Harry Carrey (sp?) restaurant which serves great steak, close to the Michigan Ave for those who likes to shop. I just have too many great things to say for this property, I would definitely refer and stay at this property again when I go back to Chicago	
May 29 2008 	Great Location	My wife and I stayed at The Westin Chicago River North May 23-26 for the long Memorial Day Weekend. We got a great rate of $152.00 per night. The Hotel upgraded us to a river-view room becasue it was our wedding anniversary. The location was ideal -- a few blocks from the Michigan Ave shopping, the Loop shopping, right on the river. Subway is three blocks away. Buses are nearby. Bin 36 across the street was great for breakfast, drinks and a light dinner. Conceirage was great. Overall great experience.	
May 28 2008 	Great Location Room 	Booked a king room with Starwood Points (16K/night) and asked for a room with a river view at check in. They put us in a corner, river view king on the 9th floor - spectacular view, bed, bath, the whole works! I really like that they fine anyone who even attempts to smoke in a room - you know you're getting a comfortable and clean room at Westin.Lobby is elegant but we did not take advantage of either the bar or the restaurant. The concierge was not available in the evening, but the front desk staff did their best to help w/ restaurant recommendations and directions.Hotel is only 2 blocks from the Magnificent Mile - we cabbed to our restaurant (Coco Pazzo Cafe - so-so food and ambiance), then walked back to the hotel to take in the sights. Only downside was $41/night valet parking - don't know what any alternatives for that are.	
May 19 2008 	Good Quality Hotel	Whilst spending a couple of days in downtown Chicago we stayed at the Westin.This hotel is in an ideal location, most of the main shopping areas etc are within easy walking distance.The rooms are well decorated and clean.The service was of a high and courteous standard.Would stay again.	
May 12 2008 	Comfortable rooms great service and location!	I stayed at the Westin just for the weekend, and found that the hotel served its purpose for a weekend getaway. I arrived early, at 10:30am, and front desk checked me in right away even though check in was around 3:00! Awesome overall service, valet brought our car quickly at check out, and even allowed us to keep our car in the garage a couple of extra hours after checking out. The rooms and bathrooms were big and really comfortable (dual shower heads in bath, down comforters, flat screen tvs) and offered great views of the river. Safety deposit box was in the closet, free of charge. Lobby was super modern and spacious. I didn't really spend any time at the hotel to see what else was on the property, but I did see a business center available to guests, most likely for a fee. Getting a cab from the front entrance was not a problem at all. Breakfast was available for around $19, which I did not purchase because I went out to eat, but there was an in-room mini bar with snacks and coffee. I've stayed at the Hyatt and Crowne Plaza in downtown, and if the prices were the same, I'd probably stay at them or Westin on Michigan Ave ONLY for the sake of saving a couple blocks walking distance to the Magnificent Mile.	
May 9 2008 	Great hotel in a good location	Stayed at the Westin River North for a long weekend in April 2008. Booked via Expedia for a very reasonable price and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel and Chicago. Room was standard for a Westin with the excellent Heavenly bed. Had a partial River view. The location, whilst probably not as good as the other Westin at the top of the Magnificent Mile is still very good and on the Chicago River. Hotel staff from bellhops to the concierge were excellent (managed to find me reasonable tickets to the Cubs at 1 hr notice) and the bar was nice, although we didn't get a chance to try the in-house sushi chef.Would definitely stay here again.	
May 7 2008 	Very Pleased With This Hotel	First time staying at this hotel, although I stay at Westins regularly. Very pleased with location, check in, concierge, lobby, fast elevators, fitness center, and view of the river. Club loung was large with excellent selection of breakfast food. Room was average size but nicely decorated. Limited tv station selection. $275 per night was reasonable. Will stay here again rather than the Westin on Michigan Ave. or the Sheraton on the river.	
May 1 2008 	Great Choice	As a frequent Chicago visitor our weekend visit was made better by great accommodations. When checking in I asked for a room at the end of the hall with a river view. We were given a great room, with a great view as requested. It was quiet and oh so comfortable with the special Westin beds. Please note North facing rooms have new high rise construction and should expect noise. I'd return to this hotel again. Breakfast in the hotel is very good and a relative value compared to other hotels and neighborhood options. We saw no children at this hotel during our stay, if that matters. Safe, clean and fairly convenient self-parking is available a short walk away at State and Kenzie, w/ a Hertz agency at street level.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great Location Room 	Great location to the House of Blues, shopping and many trendy lounges and bars. Our room view was construction for the 4th floor, but it was also 30 degrees and raining/snowing...not a great view anyway. Staff was very helpful, and provided us with an awesome umbrella for the rain (very much appreciated). The parking is expensive ($40ish per night to valet), but what's cheap anymore? Room lacked an iPod alarm clock, but over-all was very trendy, clean and sleek. We enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 11 2008 	Great hotel great location	There are 2 Westin hotels in Chicago. Both are in good locations, but I think the River North is better if you are a tourist because it is more central. You can easily get to the Magnificent Mile and the shops by the Wrigley building and NBC studio.We had a large room on the 15th floor with views of the river. The room and bathroom were very clean, and in good condition. The beds were comfortable and the room was nicely decorated. The bathroom was huge - one of the biggest I have ever seen in a hotel.No problems with noise - either from traffic outside or guests in other rooms. You do have to pay for the gym, and it looked quite basic - I would have expected it to be free.There is free wireless internet in the lobby, but the staff said it only worked with Windows XP - not Vista. I complained about this, and they gave me free internet in my room instead.The hotel is walking distance from public transport (bus stops and trains).	
Apr 8 2008	Great stay at the Westin!	We stayed at the Westin River North for 3 days the first week of April. The hotel itself is top-notch - every single staff member we encountered from front desk, concierge, doorman, valet, housekeeping was courteous and friendly. The hotel is beautiful, trendy and well-maintained. On receiving our room with a view of the city, we requested a room with a river view. Almost immediately, the change was made.The Westin is walking distance/short taxi ride away from so many attractions - Millenium Park, Michigan Ave, Grant Park, John Hancock, Lakeshore Drive - we walked to all these places and because of the scenic routes and streets, it didn't matter that there were maybe 12-15 blocks away. The hotel overlooks the Chicago river and on ground level, you can take great shots of the skyline and surrounding buildings.A pleasurable experience for a romantic getaway making the trip to Chicago all the more memorable. Highly recommend the Westin!	
Mar 28 2008 	very nice hotel	My husband and I syated at the Westin river north for my birthday over Easter weekend. We took a taxi from the airport which was $35.00. We were allowed to check in early. We had a great room on the 5th floor that overlooked the river and downtown Chicago. Many restaurants and bars right down the street. We definitely didn't need a car. We went to see &quot;Wicked &quot; which was a 5 minute walk from the hotel. House of Blues also right across the street. The hotel staff was very friendly and professional. The concierge, George, was very helpful and made our trip to Chicago even more enjoyable. We really liked it here and are planning a summer trip back to this Westin.	
Mar 14 2008 	Westin Chicago River North is Wonderful	The hotel is in a great location close to several upscale restaurants and across the street from the House of Blues. It was professionally run, extremely clean, and very comfortable. Feather pillows and duvay, lighted magnifying mirror in the bathroom, and a nice chaise lounge chair in front of the window to take in the view. Several self-parking garages nearby that were reasonably priced for a Saturday night stay. Had a great visit. Highly recommended.	
Mar 11 2008 	Almost Perfect	My husband and I stayed here over Valentine's weekend to celebrate our anniversary. We arrived early &amp; had no issues checking in. The doorman was polite but did not remove our luggage from the car trunk, don't they do that anymore? All the doormen were curtious and helpful aside from that one blooper on the luggage. We valet parked our car w/the hotel , it's very expensive but does have in &amp; out priviledges, you will find parking anywhere in Chicago is very expensive. My advice if you have no need or plans to travel outside the city don't bring a car. Taxi's rides averaged about $10 with tip to some of the main attractions, ie McCormick Place / The Art Institute / Millenium Park , the rides are short and the drivers quick. The location of the hotel is simply perfect. You have many great surrounding options from Harry Cary's to the House of Blues steps from the hotel. A simply stroll down the hustling streets brings you to Billy Goat's Tavern ( a Chicago legendary eatery) or to Mag Mile.I was lucky enough to come across a great deal online &amp; booked a club level room &amp; called the hotel directly to confirm.The person at the front desk was George, great guy who offered so many helpful suggestions and truly made our stay memorable. We enjoyed a corner suite overlooking both the river and downtown Chicago , we could see the lake but there are alot of other tall buildings. The room was definately very comfortable and what I was expecting....thankfully. The bed linens were soft and plentiful, lots of pillows ( usually we're calling for more pillows) the room was spotless. * With the exception of a stain on the chaise , no big deal, stains happen*A + on the comfortable room, internet accesss in your room &amp; computer provided so if you didn't bring your laptop no problem, this is included at the club level and so was the gym. I'm pretty sure that other guests were charged an access fee for the gym though, double check if you like working out. There is no pool or jacuzzi which loses points with me....I like to relax after walking all day. The club level also includes a daily breakfast ( cold ) but good selection of pasteries, fruits, bagels, etc.....but Starbucks coffee &amp; lots of it ( : In the evening they offer lite snacks and drinks . . .it has set hours for bar service but you can access the lounge at any time &amp; find a snack or a water to grab...added benefit while walking the Mag mile or Auto show.I could go on and on . . . . If you are considering this hotel you will not be disappointed. The staff are professional and polite, the enviroment relaxing and enjoyable, the location is excellent. I say almost perfect because of the expensive parking ( the rooms are not cheap &amp; should be included esp. for club level) and the fact that there is no pool or jacuzzi.	
Feb 22 2008 	Great location	I stayed at the Westin River North over President's weekend. The hotel is in an excellent location - about 2 blocks off Michigan Ave. I got a great deal on Westin's website - $159 a night with parking included. Parking was $41 every 24 hours and this is something you cannot avoid if you drive to Chicago. Several of the hotels I looked at had the same type of deal. When I checked in, the gentleman at the front desk said that I had only booked the parking package for one night (which I didn't!) I showed him my confirmation and he assured me he would fix it in the computer. Unfortunately, when we checked out, our bill was $200 more than it should have been! No worries though, they immediately fixed it...just make sure you check your bill. The hotel itself is lovely and we had a really nice view. I would stay here again if and when we return to Chicago. The bed was comfy and the room was clean. We had our small dog with us and they were very accomodating. We usually prefer Starwood properties because many are pet friendly. All in all a great weekend!	
Feb 11 2008	Comfortable but not very well run	First Westin I've used in the US. We had a few Starwood points to use but not enough for our whole stay, so had to make 2 bookings for consecutive periods; we emailed the hotel to tell them we were combining them to make a continuous stay. All a waste of effort: they had not linked the reservations, and we had to change keys at the change-over point after 3 days, and we also got an unwanted bill under the door on that day. Receptionists were friendly whereas I would have preferred competent.Room was fairly good, but maintenance poor: basin waste annoyingly slow to empty, one room light not working throughout our stay. Phone calls ridiculously expensive, even $2 for each call to a 1-800 number. Wifi worked, but not free. TV remote had terrible user interface, designed to make free TV channels extremely hard to find. Obviously designed for those on an expense account, not ideal for tourists.On the other hand, good location, 2 blocks from elevated railway and underground trains. Bin36 restaurant across the street is good, we didn't try meals in the Westin except for breakfasts, which were fairly good and reasonable value at $13 for continental buffet.	
Feb 8 2008	Best Westin	This is the best Westin I've stayed in in the US. Everything has been professional. Room was ready early. Front desk quick and responsive. Upgraded to deluxe room on 12th floor overlooking the Chicago River. Hors d'oeuvres were tasty. Excellent croissants and fresh fruit in Executive Lounge for breakfast. Concierge friendly, responsive, and most helpful...researched a question and got back to me in my room. Everything works. Just the kind of experience I wanted for my overnight in Chicago.	
Jan 23 2008 	Stay here if you want to feel like a King/Queen	I just came back from Chicago, and I had a great time. I am a female single traveler, who always looks for things to do around or near the hotel. Can I just be honest, when you step out of the hotel to the right or left there are several restaruants, clubs, shops, malls, and even if you have to travel, a cab fare is not bad. The hotel had comfortable beds, clean bathroom, the room is quite spacious, and to top it off the view was not bad. I ordered room service, and I thought I was in heaven when I had breakfast. But please go out to dine, for you will get to experience Chicago for its jazz, southern, and steak/ribs. I have nothing bad to say, but I will greatly book a room on my next visit.	
Jan 21 2008 	Wonderful Chicago Hotel	Stayed at the Westin Chicago River North for a weekend getaway trip. We found the hotel - like most Westin properties - to be very modern, clean, comfortable, quiet, and well maintained; not to mention their cozy signature &quot;heavenly beds.&quot; The hotel is located in a perfect area of the loop close to theaters, restaurants, shopping and entertainment. All staff we encountered were very professional, friendly and helpful. The only drawback to this hotel is that valet parking is extremely expensive - even by big city standards - easily adding about $50 to an overnight stay when taxes and tip are factored in. During future stays we'll utilize one of the nearby &quot;self-park&quot; garages. Otherwise, I would not hesitate recommending this property to anyone looking for a great hotel in the Chicago loop area.	
Jan 15 2008 	Update since my last stay	I just returned from a 5 night stay while attending a conference at this hotel. I had also stayed here about a year ago so it gave me a chance to compare my two stays.Like last year, the staff was pleasant and my room was clean.I only have 2 complaints:1. The hot water in the morning was sporadic. Getting blasts of cold water followed by warm water was not my idea of a good shower but it certainly woke me up.2. Despite hangin the &quot;Peace&quot; sign on my door, the cleaning staff came in to my room twice. I appreciate the service but I didn't want it.Except for the above 2 complaints, my overall stay was excellent.	
Jan 11 2008 	Exceeded expectations by far	We stayed here between Xmas &amp; New Year in an Executive Floor Room. This room represented excellent value for money as we got a reasonable continental breakfast every morning, canapes from 5 - 7pm and soft drinks available all day until 9pm at night.The room itself was modern and clean with a view of the Sears Tower and down the river. There were some small but quirky nice touches such as chocs at turndown with some kind of orange essential oil to aid sleep and on New years Eve, we came back in the afternoon to two bottles of water by the bed with two packets of Alka Seltzer (fortunately we didn't need them!).The staff in Exec Lounge, Reception and Concierge were friendly, polite, professional and helpful without being over the top. We ate in the Ember Grille (hotel restaurant) one night. The food was good but the portions were huge which was a bit offputting if you're a small eater. It was empty so the ambience was a bit weird but the service great.The location of the hotel is great - 5 mins walk from the El, 10 - 15 mins walk from the Magnificent Mile, 15 mins walk from Sears Tower, 40mins walk from the Shedd Aquarium &amp; Field Museum (you can get the El too but we wanted to walk through Millennium Park which is definitely worth a look). There are lots of good places to eat close by, particularly if you like meat, however, if you are veggie, the choices are limited (fairly common in US). Bin 36 which is right next door to the hotel was so good we went twice and you MUST try a cheese flight which is fab as a starter. We also ate at an Italian called Maggianos which was 5 mins walk away and was also amazing. The atmosphere was good and the food even better. the portions are massive again so prob best to get a whole serving between 2 (Half serving's available too). Their home baked lemon cookies are lovely also. It's prob best to book as it was packed every night.We would ddefinitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 6 2008 	Relaxing Stay in a comfortable hotel	I've stayed at the Westin River North quite a bit. This hotel is very comfortable and quiet and in a great location. The hotel itself doesn't offer much in the way of dining, but the lobby lounge is large and comfortable. Within 1 block, you've got Harry Caray's, Sullivan's, and Bin 36 for drinking/dining. The Hotel Sax is across the street, and it has a new lounge, Crimson, that's worth a look. Within easy walking distance you've got excellent restaurants, including Frontera Grill. Also within relatively easy walking distance to Nordstrom and Michigan Ave. shopping.Like most Westin hotels, the rooms are modern, attractive, and comfortable. Ask for a River view room. The concierge is usually very helpful, and they have running maps.	
Dec 5 2007	Nice to stay at during a snowstorm	We booked this through priceline and were very happy with our stay. We came during a snowstorm and chicago is just beautiful and gorgeous at that time of the year. We explored chicago and saw the blues (Blue Chicago), the museums, Navy pier, etc. Hotel is luxury class for us and worth it!	
Oct 29 2007 	Excellent choice to stay in Chicago	We booked this hotel through Priceline for $115 a night and it was worth every penny. We were greated by the friendly valet and the concierge was excellent and helpful as well. We checked into our room, asking for 2 double beds instead of a King, and was given a room on the Executive level. We weren't treated like a second class citizens even though we didn't book directly through the hotel. The individual who checked me in on Friday afternoon, called me by name on Sunday at check out time. I was floored that he remembered my name before I even said a word. Amazing! The room was clean and quiet. We never heard a peep all weekend. It almost felt like we were the only people on the floor. We would have liked to have been closer to North Michigan Avenue, but found the free trolly on Grand/Illinois to Navy Pier and other parts of the city very close. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 23 2007 	Great choice for a modern big city stay	We found everything to be true that the last two reviewers stated. The concierges in particular were very helpful, printing out info on places outside the city to explore. In fact I noticed that everyone we met in Chicago seemed to be so very friendly and helpful. We were upgrade when we checked in (at 12:30 am) to a &quot;Club Privleges&quot; room on the 20th floor and so we got the free continental breakfast and snacks. Very good! Our room was spacious and up-to-date. Very sleek. We had a great view of the marina building and the river. We loved it! We got the stay 2 nights, get the third night free deal, so the cost for a 4 star was the same as other lesser hotels. We moved to the Comfort Inn and Suites after three nights since the cost of our room would jump to $400-$500 a night (convention demand). That was quite a let down! We loved the restaurant across the street from the Westin...Bin 36. It was really reasonable relative to dinner houses in Chicago. We splurged at Smith and Wollensky, which is also next to the Marina. It was just okay...but pretty pricey. The Westin River North is worth the splurge, if you're not accustomed to spending loads on a hotel. And if you can get a good price, definately book it!	
Oct 18 2007	Westin Experience	Stayed here for our anniversary. SPG Gold got us upgraded to&quot;executive level&quot; on the 23rd floor. Room was everything I would expect from Westin, clean, comfortable, modern, but not plushy. Room decor is simple, and plain but very nice. Bathroom was oversized and easy to work in.There was a Mac on the desk pre-configured to open to a Chicago Travel site though you could surf without restriction, check email, run AIM, etc. I liked that!Executive level offered free morning breakfast and afternoon snacks but drinks were expensive so it worked out even and that's fine.Location was great. Easy walk to everything. It is next door to the famous Marina City condos and it is across from more steakhouses than you can shake a cow at!	
Oct 13 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Girls getaway weekend - everything was excellent. Staff went out of their way to assist us with everything - shopping, dining, directions, etc. Rooms were clean, well appointed and we enjoyed nightly chocolates and having the beds turned down. Computer in the room helped us to locate attractions and also book tickets for boat cruise and show. Manuel even took pictures of us all for a birthday celebration. Executive lounge lovely, breakfast perfect, fresh fruit daily, fresh squeezed orange juice, etc. staff, in particular Kwasi, were very helpful and pleasant.The 5 Canadian Shopping Bags	
Oct 7 2007 	beware the bad reviews	i had to be in chicago for business and the whole city was booked out. Having left my booking till late, i found the prices were out of control!i searched pricline and found two choices - a 2 star hotel and the westin north river - for the same price! i chose the westin, but i was very concerned because of the bad reviews i read - especially highlighting poor service the reviewers had received.I can only say that those people must have picked the one day of the year that the service was less than exemplary.The location was fantastic, the room excellent and the service peerless.Upon checkin i was automatically upgrade and given complementary breakfast the concierge organised a tour for me and followed up to see if i enjoyed it. The only downside was that i found out that all Westins in North America are now non-smoking, but that too was a good thing as i had a great stay AND cut down at the same time.i mentioned the poor reviews to the staff as i was leaving and told them how wrong the reviews were - they were really upset that some guests had not enjoyed the hotel.While the price at the time was high (but still the same as a two star property was advertising) i will definitely be staying here again.	
Oct 2 2007 	Wonderful hotel!	We had the pleasure of staying at the Westin for one night on 9/28/07 and the only negative we had was that we couldn't stay longer! We got a great rate on their web site, a king club level room for the price of a regular king.The club level gives you a larger room on a higher level (helps with street noise), simple breakfast, the exercise area and, I think, a happy hour. We only had time for breakfast, nothing else. The heavenly beds are just that, perfect night's sleep.So many restaurants near by within walking distance. We choose Shaw's Crab House and had a nice early meal in their smoke free bar area.Wandered into Harry Carry's (across the street) just after the Cubs win and the place was up for grabs, Fox news was there capturing the event. Fun!!	
Sep 19 2007 	excellent property with two issues	I have stayed at this hotel several times and agree with other reviews regarding the excellent location and quality of the hotel property. I have only two negative comments regarding my most recent stay (ending today): As far as breakfast in the hotel is concerned you have the option of a limited pastry and fruit buffet or ordering from the menu. My first morning there I ordered from the menu and had a nice breakfast (four moderately sized slices of French toast, two sausage links, hash browns, juice and coffee) but it cost me $30. One has to leave the hotel to find other options which, given the great location, isn't a problem..one just needs to know that this is the situation. Secondly, and more irritating, is the fact that the hotel has no readily available kiosk for advance online airline check-in and printing of boarding passes. There are several &quot;booths&quot; where one can access the internet 24-7 but this is charged to your credit card at 50 cents a minute. This morning I walked to a another nearby hotel where I easily found a kiosk and printed out my travel documents. Beyond these issues this is a great place to stay.	
Sep 18 2007 	A flawless stay	My wife and I stayed at the Westin Chicago River North for 5 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. The concierge was very helpful, the room was very nice and as expected, the Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Shower were excellent. I can't comment on the quality of food from room service or the on-site restaurants because we never partook. This Westin is located in the heart of the River North area of Chicago, which is home to a number of fantastic restaurants. It's a foodie's paradise. The location was perfect for our sight-seeing, we were able to comfortably walk to the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, the Art Institute, and the Sears Tower. We will definitely stay there again the next time we're in Chicago.	
Sep 10 2007 	Great Stay	Very much enjoyed a stay in a 16th floor river view room. Great views of pleasure boats along the river as well as sailboats in the lake to the south and east. The room is great, what you'd expect from Westin. Decent size, comfortable layout. Great bedding, towels, and bath products. Did not have a separate tub and shower. Nice HD flat screen TV. Apple computer in the room.The lobby is warm and comfortable. Excellent location. Had good service all around, I would not hesitate to recommend a stay here.	
Aug 9 2007 	Egregious Front Desk Staff	OK, let me warn you--this is a bit of a rant. I am a Starwood Platinum member who travels a lot. Typically I stay at W's, Westins and Sheratons. Geographically, this hotel is well-located and some of the rooms have nice views of the river. However , I digress . . . Usually, when in Chicago, I stay at the W Lakeshore, but I tried out the Westin Chicago River North because of the high ratings on this site as well as its proximity to the Chicago office of the company I joined a couple of months ago. Upon arrival, the person who was checking me in at reception answered the phone and, after a moment, actually rolled his eyes (not to me in a wink-wink conspiratorial way, just in general pissed off) while he was speaking to the guest who was calling. (I figured my front desk friend was just having a bad day.) Later, I found out that my flustered friend only programmed one of my two cardkeys, so I had to go back to reception after going to dinner. Since I was there, I thought I would do the hotel a favor and mention the incident that occurred earlier, as I'd think most hotels would want their staff members to be polite when working the front desk. Thus, I waited for the on-duty front desk manager, William, to end a phone call he was on. The call seemed to go on for a bit, and it became apparent that the guest on the other end was clearly not happy with his/her accommodations for some reason.I was pretty surprised when I heard William raise his voice to almost shouting level and say to the guest, &quot;No, I will *not* reduce your rate!!!&quot; His outrage was quite obvious to all of us waiting for service, as he flailed his free hand and scrunched up his face. Upon hanging up, he turned to his staff and said quite dramatically, &quot;Send housekeeping to Room [insert room number here].&quot; One of them asked &quot;Is he checking out early?&quot; William retorted &quot;Yes!!!&quot; Then, he turned to we waiting guests and said very pointedly and loudly &quot;And if any of *you* are thinking about checking out early, let me just tell you there is not one room left in the city tonight!!!&quot; I realized then where the guy who checked me in got his training. I told William that I found his behavior to be quite unprofessional, especially as a manager, and he said &quot;How dare you--you don't even *know* me!&quot; I replied &quot;Of course I don't know you; it's merely my impression as a guest in this hotel who observed you shouting at someone on the phone from behind the front desk where everyone could see and hear you. And then to be brought into it!&quot; He just rolled his eyes at me and crossed his arms and said something like &quot;Whatever!&quot; I finally got back to my room and called Starwood Preferred Guest hoping I could switch hotels, but William was right about things being booked up. Suffice it to say, I will never stay at that hotel again, and I'll warn anyone who broaches the idea away from it.	
Jul 13 2007 	There are much better options in the city.	My parents had gotten us a gift certificate for this hotel, so we needed to contact the hotel directly for reservations. It took four phone calls and speaking w/ the manager on duty to actually book the room. (Two of the phone calls I was on hold for 1/2 hour. The third call I was forwarded to catering.) We were charged for breakfast which was supposed to be included. Three phone calls later and it still isn't resolved. They couldn't find the gift certificate which I turned in at the front desk. The room was fine, but the service is lousy. There are too many hotels in the city to have to put up w/ bad customer service.	
Jul 10 2007	A nearly perfect stay - but read on for details...	I was impressed with the location of this hotel for a visit to Chicago. It is central to all the key tourist and business sites. We could walk everywhere we needed to go. Also was impressed with our comfortable and clean room. The heavenly bed, flat panel TV and granite bathroom are the highlights. The housekeeping staff was incredibly courteous and conscientious. Check-in was efficient. Valets and bell staff were helpful.It would have been a perfect stay had the concierge and understaffed lounge area not threaten to undermine the perfect stay. The gentleman at the concierge desk did not slow down enough to listen to my query - he just assumed he knew my question would be the same as the other guests. He cut me off before I could finish my question and was unable to provide adequate assistance as a result.Also the lounge area was so severely understaffed that it was chaotic and we did not even get to place an order. Customers were getting up from their seats to hail waiters and waitresses to order, to get their tabs or for refills. I advise you try other bars or lounges in the area instead. There are many unique hangouts. Or just use room service.Overall this is a great hotel in the four star hotel range. Would recommend it.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great hotel...IMac in the room	Room was very large...not sure if they all are as I think they upgraded us to Club level. Had separate bedroom with large bath. IMac in the room with free internet and two LCD tvs was nice touch. Location was great...very clean, beds are always great. Definitely will return	
May 23 2007	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel. I would give it a 4.5 rating. The location is great. It is close to most of downtown's best attractions and is right on the river. It is right across the street from Harray Caray's restaurant and close to the &quot;L&quot; train stop. There is construction going on right next door; however, there isn't a lot of noise. The rooms were great with excellent bathrooms. The beds were wonderful and the flat screen lcd tv's were a nice touch. The service was impecable by the staff; however, the concierge on one of the nights didn't fit into this category. Parking is around $38 per night which is what you would expect in a city like Chicago. Overall, I would certainly stay here again without hesitation.	
May 22 2007	Top Notch Hotel	This was my 2nd stay at this hotel and I would definitely return. The lobby is beautifully chic. The room itself is in excellent condition- everything clean and modern- and fairly large. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was really nice..marble..and included user-friendly touches like shelves to the side to put your toiletries so the sink isn't cluttered...and a large separate make-up mirror. The hotel is in a good location near many restaurants but the room itself was quiet - I am a very light sleeper and didn't hear a sound. (requested water view). All in all a 5 star experience- highly recommend it!	
May 6 2007 	Beautiful hotel although location isn't great	This is a gorgeous hotel, great rooms, great bed, and good service. The workout center is nice and if you get a deal or can afford the club level, it's lounge (with complimentary drinks/appetizers/breakfast) was excellent. We had drinks in the afternoon and evening (with a great view overlooking the city) and also had breakfast there each morning. The hotel is very large and close to the House of Blues (if you'll be catching a concert there). The beds are EXTREMELY comfortable. The valet parking service could use some improvement (slow and lacking in professionalism), but overall the hotel is great. The restaurant is one of the better in the city (with views and a bar that is right on the Chicago River). We didn't eat there though, so I can't comment on how good it is. The downside, for us, was location. It was not convienently located to anything we wanted (shopping, El/subway stops, etc.) So that meant a lot of walking and/or cab rides. I would definately recommend the Westin on the Mag. Mile over this one (which we've also stayed at) as it beats it on every level. Overall, though, it's a great hotel that is beatiful and has nice rooms.	
May 2 2007 	Loved the Hotel - beware construction noise	May 2, 2007. FYI - I stayed on the concierge level of the hotel. The room was spacious, clean and well appointed with its town Apple computer (fyi not sure it the hotel deletes the interenet histories on the computer prior to every guest checking in...something to consider,,I did it just prior to leaving), desk, sofa and separate bedroom. The continental breakfast on this level met my needs with lots of fresh fruit (no hot items though). I loved the location which was in close proximity to great restaurants, blues clubs (Blue Chicago - the genuine article (i.e. not fancy was my favorite) and great nightlife. I used the fitness center and was very happy with that. If you are sensitive to noise or going on vacation you may want to stay away from the rooms at the end of the hallway that face construction of the new hi-rise that is being built (i.e. rooms that end in 04, 03, 01 and 02 on the corner) They have just broken ground, so the noise will go on for quite some time. I was there on business, bought a small fan at a drugstore and this made it much more tolerable. The staff here was friendly and very professional and I would definitely stay at the hotel again.	
May 1 2007 	Excellent hotel wonderful staff	this hotel was magnificent, right from the beginning the valet taking our car was wonderful, pointed us in the right direction to our dinner reservations later that evening as well as how to walk to the Art Institute. check in was smooth, room was available for early check in at 10am with no problem. Location cannot be beat, only a mile to museums, restuarants and night life all around, only a $4 cab ride to theaters (who can walk in heels?), staff very helpful. Must relay the most telling incident-my husband woke up at 4am with terrible pain, we grabbed our belongings and headed to the desk to find out directions to the nearest hospital. Ingrid at the desk was most helpful, and the front office manager even called later that day to check on my husband. they were professional, curteous and caring during a stressful situation with out-of-town guests who were not sure where to go. Thanks again Westin River North for everything!	
Apr 29 2007 	Great Hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel (April 25-28, 2007) for a convention. My room was on the 11th floor and overlooked the Chicago River. While the weather wasnt great (cold and rainy) the hotel was wonderful. The front desk staff was great, offering me an upgrade due to being a Starwood Frequent Guest member. The room had plenty of room and was very comfortable. I really cannot say anything bad about the hotel. It is within walking distance to Michigan Avenue and directly across the street from the Chicago House and Blues and Harry Careys Restaurant.	
Mar 28 2007	very nice hotel	Beautiful hotel. Convenient walk to Michigan avenue. Clean room.	
Mar 27 2007 	Good Hotel	I stayed here during the Chicago Housewares show for 6 nights. The room was renovated, the dual head shower was not as good as you'd think. There wasnt a great veiw from my 9th floor window. Housekeeping service was best I've seen. Room was super comfortable. This is a great hotel that lacks in one area, front desk service. I asked them to keep something refrigerated for me and I basically had to beg. They do not care about the customer. The hotel itself though is worth staying in, you only have to deal with that staff once. Reminds me of a W hotel more than a westin. Flat screen was good, standard room was pretty roomy.	
Feb 26 2007	Exceeded my expectations	We have just returned from the Westin Chicago River North where we were attending a conference. We had decided to stay 'on-site' to save travelling to and from. We had considered attractive hotels like the Mandarin Oriental or the Peninsular but the thought of not having to hail cabs in the rushhour won the day. The experience was excellent and I would have no hesitation in staying there again.Their attention to detail surpassed many 5 star hotels that we've stayed at before. How often do maids who service rooms omit little things like not thoroughly replacing bathrooms items (nearly empty boxes of tissues etc). How often do guests wait ages before housekeeping/ reception etc answer the phone/ act upon the request? Or bellhops who almost count the tip before they leave?The Westin (maybe I should say THIS Westin!?) must score almost a 10. The phone is answered within a few rings, my queries were delt with courteously, the bellhops never (seemed) to expect a tip and showed appreciation at the gesture. Our request for more coat hangers/ help with luggage were responded to almost instantly! We pointed out an oversight at breakfast and the problem was immediately corrected- not often does one 'complain' and the solution is an improvement on the origional!The hotel is clean; their 'Heavenly' beds were only OK, nice to have decent coffee facilities in-room (Starbucks) and reception were most helpful in meeting my request for a higher floored room.To be trueful, I had lower expectations for Westin hotels but this one has been a very good advertisment for the group.	
Feb 23 2007	a very nice stay	Took a one-day trip on Superbowl Sunday to Chicago with my friend who is a huge bears fan. Booked last minute through spg.com and got a very decent rate for one night with a 4 o'clock checkout. Have been to the Sheraton four-points twice before but never to the Westin. Found this hotel to be very nice in all areas. The room was clean and spacious with a river view. The location was outstanding for bar-hopping on super sunday. Having many choices within a block or two was especially important as the outside temperature was -2 WITHOUT the wind chill. The only complaint was that the hotel did not seem to have any promotions for the Bears/superbowl in the bar area which was empty 1 hour before kickoff. I don't smoke personally, but maybe the non-smoking in the lounge hurt them in this area, as all other bar/restaurants were PACKED the whole day. After reading some of the other reviews we regret not checking out the house of blues bar accross the street, and looking for alternate parking as it was a bit high at 38$ per day. Overall would stay again for sure.	
Feb 19 2007 	business travel	We stayed here for a business meeting, and it was very convenient to the loop. Many excellent restaurants nearby. The bed was great, the room was very clean and well appointed. Nice tv, but the remote didn't work. Fitness center was nice and not terribly busy, but cost an extra $10 per day--if we hadn't eaten so well I might have forgone its use. Staff varied from a bit aloof (front desk) to very helpful (bell boy, valets, maids). I lost a glove but they didn't really seem to want to look for it. I would stay there again, especially if the rates were good.	
Nov 30 2006 	Nice view...	I found this to be an average hotel - check in not overly-friendly, concierge very friendly, the room was large (nice office area with large desk and working space), great view of the river, and average amenities. Great location for walking around the city and seeing the sites. Breakfast was very good in the cafe. Room service was &quot;ok&quot;...nothing special. Probably would stay somewhere else next time.	
Oct 30 2006 	Very nice would go back	My husand and I stayed at the Westin for a night before heading to South Bend for a Notre Dame football game. The location was good, just a little bit of a walk to shopping, river cruises, restaurants, etc. The room was very nice and clean, comfortable bed, flat screen tv, ipod dock/alarm clock (which I loved for being able to recharge my ipod), and nice lobby. We ate at the bar in the lobby the first night since we arrived late, and the food was very good. The only thing that I don't know if I'd do again is reserve a room on the club floor. Due to our late evening arrival, and sleeping in the next morning, we missed any extra amenities or food offered due to our off schedule, so it ended up not being worth the extra money we paid (rate of $260). However, my husband did like having a quiet place to do some work and check e-mail in the morning. The only other thing to be aware of is the $40 daily parking rate, which you will likely find at other city hotels too. Otherwise, a very nice, relaxing stay.	
Oct 6 2006 	Location location location...	I live in the Chicago suburbs but stayed at the Westin for a meeting. I was happy that I had read Tripadvisor first to know that they rooms with flatscreen TV's. Though that type of room was not available, I was given Executive Lounge access instead which turned out to be great because they had free WiFi access up there so I didn't have to spend $11 for internet in my room.My room was lovely and immaculate, no signs of peeling wallpaper etc mentioned in another review. The bed lived up to its name of being &quot;heavenly&quot; in appearance and comfort. The bathroom was large and very nicely appointed, though I don't think the showerheads are that special. My room had a partial river view which was very nice.Front desk and car valet were fine. I ate three meals at the hotel as part of the meeting; all were good, not great. The location of the hotel is truly excellent. You can walk to many place of interest including the Loop, theater district, Millenium Park (which I did), North Michigan Avenue, and all the restaurants in River North. I would highly reccommend the Westin River North for a wekend getaway so you can be close to everything.	
Sep 25 2006 	Central location reasonable staff pretty standard room	This property benefits from a great central location on the Chicago River, with plenty of shopping and restaurants within walking distance. Staff is generally competent and friendly. The decor is a bit skewed towards the W side of Starwood's portfolio - it's a 1970's vintage era hotel that has been refurbed in a kind of retro/chic way to appeal to the 25-35 target market. Rooms are fairly standard, and as others have noted, the overall light levels are low in the rooms. The Heavenly Bed is present and comfortable, but lamps are a bit dusty, and the minibar console in my room was missing an inset panel. Bathrooms include tub/shower combos with curved shower rods that are sagging due to improper installation. There is an odd double showerhead that is oversized for the tub/shower enclosure and I can't imagine most people successfully using both showerheads at the same time. Toilet seats and lids are plastic and yellowing with age against the white porcelain bowl. The frameless mirror hides fluorescent lights that don't light one's face very well. A massive armoire encloses a 20&quot; TV in a space that could easily accommodate a 32&quot; regular TV or a 36&quot; widescreen flat panel. The desk is large but the desk chair is tiny and straight-backed, digging into one's backbone like a small torture device. The closet is enclosed but not lighted insde.My room had several minor errors in amenity placement and maintenance. Upon entry the remote for the TV was inoperative, probably due to dead batteries; a call to guest services brought a replacement in about six minutes. The next morning I endured a slow draining tub that had water up past my ankles by the time my shower was done; a call to guest services brought an engineer in about 15 minutes. That evening, I wanted to have a shirt laundered and couldn't find a valet ticket with the plastic valet bag; a call to guest services promised a response, but 30 minutes later, I had to call again, and after the second call, a staff member arrived with a plastic bag...but no valet ticket. Another five-minute delay and I finally got that little problem resolved.With a reasonable CapEx effort, the rooms at this hotel could be stunning. As it is, it's a very typical Westin property that has no compelling advantages over like-kind Marriotts, Hiltons or Hyatts. Its most redeeming feature is its location. If you are an SPG Gold or Platinum, you will want to seriously consider this property. If not, the location may not be enough to offset the average $350 and up rates at this property.	
Aug 21 2006 	Perfect Weekend Getaway	We just returned from a great weekend stay here. This hotel was formerly a Hotel Nikko. A very nice property, we stayed on a club floor (19) which included use of the executive lounge which we did 2 times once at breakfast &amp; once for a cocktail. Very nice but sort of crowded at breakfast. Our room was huge, a nice view of the river &amp; the Marina City towers, comfortable Heavenly bed, with the temp set at 65 as requested (we are Starwood points members) and all the usual amenities. We used the minibar as a fridge and our supply of napkins and clean glasses was replenished. I don't think we got turndown service one of the 3 nights but that was probably ok we were pretty out of it when we got home that night (after drinks, steak dinner &amp; more drinks!)Chicago is a really great city - can't wait to go back!	
Jul 24 2006 	Great City-Great Hotel-Okay Service	Chicago is such a great City. I have never been to a cleaner more friendly large city, like Chicago. On to the hotel review.....................Westin River NorthThis hotel would have gotten 5 stars if it wasn't for their check-in. I had called them 3 days in a row to request an early check in because we were bringing our dog to stay with us. After calling again on the same morning I was told they will do everything they can do, but no guarantees. I never have a problem with this at Marriotts/Hiltons.Upon arriving around 11:30 I was told that our room wasn't ready. Okay, we will just walk around with our dog. I was told that they would put a rush on our room and it would be the first to be cleaned. Upon coming back at 2, I was told by a different person the room was still not ready. When I told her what we had been told, etc, she was so rude and said &quot;I don't know who told you this&quot; but check in isn't until 3 and we may not have rooms available at that time!!!! This type of customer service is ridiculous for this type of hotel. After all was said in done, the manager came right over, asked what the problem was, and had us in a great river view corner room within 30 seconds. The room was gorgeous. Flat panal LCD TV, Great Bed, Great Shower....Big Room. The hotel is nice, kind of a wierd minimulistic theme though. Room Service was good. Concierge was very nice and helpful. If you are looking for dog friendly accommodations in Chicago, the Westin is good. The best would be all Kimpton's, in particular Hotel Burnham. The service and friendliness at the Westin was kinda cold compared to other higher end hotels we have stayed.The location is perfect. Walking distance to everything.Ask for room 1624. Perfect view and location.Architecture River Cruise was great...highly recommend.Hugos Frog Bar was as good as it always is.I love Chicago, if you have never been, you are really missing out.Thanks,Nathan	
Jul 11 2006	Amazingly central... yet so quiet!	We stayed in the Westin for one night during our Road trip from Carolina to Montana, having booked it via the Internet as we approched town. We had wanted a hotel a bit further north, but I was pleasantly surprised to so enjoy this location so close to the Loop. Because our rate was so cheap, we were lodged on the lowest floor (third) but with a wonderfully proximate river view. We were on the side away from the street, so there was NO street (or otherwise) noise. We never heard any noise - it was so peacedul, and the river view enhanced that.Our interaction with staff was minimal- check-in was efficient and friendly. Doorman courteous and warm. Bell man fast and friendly. The staff appears to be well trained and accessible, but unobtrusive. They readily pointed out the Self-Park next to the hotel, which we can confirm costs $20. No in-and-out privileges, but who needs a car in Chicago?Speaking of which, Harry Carey is across the street and Smith &amp; Wollensky around the corner; we dined at S&amp;W since they could take us right away. House of Blues was hopping, making the big city even more interesting to my kids.We did beakfast at Starbucks behiind the Merchandise Mart, about four blocks away.The lobby is sleek and beautiful - our room less so. The room was on the small side but it was clean with two beautifully made up queen beds. (No disgusting bedspreads in this joint - just freshly washed duvet covers and sheets.) On of our upholstered chairs had a gross stain and the wallpaper was a bit old and frayed in places near rhe furniture. But otherwise it was clean. We did not have occasion to use Internet or the television.The bath was clean and roomy enough, but the shower did not function well-that was really disappointing. We had an adequate number of towels, although they had that stale tobacco smell that I hate and I can't believe that guests still encounter.USA Today was the delivered paper (please!) but the complimentary Starbuck's in the lobby makes up for that. I would stay here again, particularly with a great online rate.	
Jun 6 2006	Has potential to be a nice hotel but misses the mark....	My husband and I stayed at the Westin River North May 26th and May 27th. (Back story- We normally stay across the street at House of Blues which we LOVE, but this trip we ended up at the Westin River North. I work about a block from here and we do live in Chicago on the North side. It was my husband's birthday weekend and I wanted to do something nice so I planned a birthday weekend. We both recently just turned 30 to give you our age range)The first night the hotel seemed to be hosting some type of prom or similiar function. Their were teens running all over the hotel from about 8 o'clock on. I checked in at about 1 pm with no incident. The front desk staff was friendly and attentive upon check-in.After we arrived back from dinner the first evening we went to our room and then came back down to the lounge for drinks. Big mistake! After three separate attempts to get our drink order we watched and listened to security chase prom-goers through the lobby and hotel. The only time security didn't care was if they came into the lounge and ordered a drink. We finally left when, what seemed to be maybe the chaperone's for the evening came into the evening clearly happy to left off some stress but WAY too loud yelling their drink orders. This didn't go on for just a few minutes which could have been understandable, but at least 10 minutes at which time we left.We went back to our room, hoping to put the events of the lounge/lobby/hotel behing us and enjoy a shower and some sleep.We turned on the shower only to find that there was no hot water. After about 30 minutes of fighting with all the shower water settings and making sure this wasn't our error I hopped in frustrated, tired and fed up while my husband called the front desk.The front desk calls engineering, who checks the temperature and about an hour later my husband finally has a hot shower. Or so he tells me, by this point I'm shivering in bed half asleep and thoroughly disgusted with the Westin. So much for &quot;Heavenly Shower&quot;Day 2. I can only hope it gets better, we discuss checking out and totally scrapping plan for weekend but decide to try and give it another shot. How long can prom last? It is just a one night event right?I stop at the front desk and speak to a brunette. After helping everyone in site including the random people that just walk up even though I am clearly waiting in line, she finally has no choice but to help me. I explain to her the events of the past evening. She proceeds to smile and at points giggle while I tell her my story. I ask her the source of her amusement and she gets confused, and says she doesn't understand what I want. I ask her if the problems are going to continue for another day and she begins to say &quot;Security tried....&quot; and then lets her sentence trail off never finishing....After a minute or so she asks if I want to &quot;complain to a manager&quot;. I tell her she has a lot to learn about dealing with customers and walk off.We head off for the days events- massages, shopping, lunch, etc. We arrange to meet back in time to get ready for our Tut at Twilight Tickets at the Field Museum which I arrange for weeks ago.At 5 o'clock we are surprised to find the room still not cleaned by house keeping. My husband jumps in the shower while I keep watch for the maid.After about 15 mins. I venture into the hall in search of her, only to find she speaks no English. I finally write my room number for her and she says she will be there in 5 mins.At about 5:30 my husband and I head to the lounge again to try again and hope that when we return the room will FINALLY be clean. Before we leave I take all our used towels and place them in a pile on the floor of the room, I put a note on the bed and ask for 2 of the extra large 30x60 Westin bath towels since there are two of us and we would like to both have a bath towel when we get out of the shower.I leave a tip with my note.We come back half hour later to find our room finaly clean, YAY. We don't have 2 bath towel, but what seems to be an endless supply of the smaller hair towels (probably 20x12) and 2 robes. This seems like a nice thought, but not quite on the mark.I call housekeeping request what I ASKED FOR ALREADY and then head to the shower. My husband waits for the towels. About 5 minutes into my shower I hear the phone ring. My husband comes to tell me they called back after telling me &quot;no problem they would be right up with my towels&quot; that they have none.They explain to him that they have 1 per room and it's too late in the day to get any. He tries to explain we don't have any, we had 1 it was dirty and the maid took it and only left a little while ago, but this doesn't help. No towel for us.I'm still trying to figure out how/when this shower becomes a &quot;heavenly shower&quot;...I think the whole thing is laughable.No hot water, no towels. There is NOTHING heavenly about this shower, or trip for that matter.After I dry off with the postage stamp towels I am apparently luck to get and so does my husband we finish getting ready. We head to the valet to catch a cab to head to the Field Museum.We arrive at Valet to find an absolute free-for-all. There is no valet or anyone from the Westin in site. There are 8+ people trying to either get out of cabs and unload luggage or get a cab.Cabs aren't willing to take the people since they need to take cabs from the &quot;cab stand&quot;, but since there is nobody from valet nobody knows how to get a cab from the cab stand. This chaos goes on for about 5 minutes.We walk across the street to House of Blues and their valet gets us a cab.Upon returning from the museum, dinner and the foundation room we head to the room unwilling to take our chances in the lounge again.We get to the room and settle in. After relaxing for some time we order a pizza from a local pizza restaurant. About an hour later the front desk calls to tell me they won't let the deliver driver come to my room and I have to come to the front desk to get my food. I hang up annoyed. This information is not disclosed anywhere that I have seen.I arrive in the lobby to find NOBODY at the front desk but the delivery driver from the pizza place. I didn't know I needed my credit card, and the front desk certainly didn't mention it. The delivery driver and I walk up to my room so I can give him the imprint of my credit card. Nobody says anything since there is NOBODY in the lobby anywhere, nor the front desk.The front desk had inconvenienced me for NO REASON, but this seems par for the course at the Westin. Perhaps this is their business model.I get my bill slipped under my door, I review the bill. It has an extra $30 in phone calls which I never made. I purposely made all my calls, except 1 from my cell due to the cost of calls. As did my husband. After my interaction with the front desk this isn't worth dealing with, I fill out the survey and sign the check-out form. (Not surprisingly the total charged to my credit card was even higher than the slip I signed at check out when I saw it on my bank statement a few days later)I want to be done with the Westin. We will never stay there again, we will never recommend it to anyone. I would never consider them in any city. They clearly don't seem to care regardless of any member of staff. I sent an email to the Westin, I filled out the satisfaction questions on my check-out form, I filled out a automated form on the Westin website, I have never heard a word from them.	
Jun 6 2006	Prime Location!	The Westin River North is absolutely 4 star! The rooms are plush, comfortable, and I believe all have a view of the Chicago River. We secured a terrific price through Priceline which made our stay much sweeter. Be aware that this is a BUSINESS hotel. Therefore, there is an extra charge for everything. Wireless internet is free in the lobby area but unavailable in the rooms. Instead, the high-speed internet access charge is $20 per day or $1.50 per hour. Parking at the hotel is $38 per day, but an adjacent public lot charges only $20 per day. No breakfast included with room. Dunkin Doughnuts or trendy breakfast restaurants are nearby.What pleased me most about the hotel was LOCATION!!! We spent 3 days and 2 nights exploring Chicago with students from Germany. This Westin is smack in the middle of everything! We were prepared to purchase metro passes but WALKED everywhere with no problem! Navy Pier was the destination located farthest from our hotel, but there is a FREE shuttle provided from a nearby corner. We used the shuttle to Navy Pier and returned via taxi at a cost of $4 plus tip. CHEAP!Be sure to check out the numerous tours offered by Chicago's achitectural society and visit Buckingham Fountain after dark! We felt very, very safe touring Chicago at all hours! ENJOY!!!	
Jun 5 2006	would definitely stay again	I have stayed at this hotel twice now and really like it. I find it relatively quiet and has wonderful views of the river-- so try to get a room with a river view!! I have switched from the loop W which was a bit to kinetic and like this hotel's convenient but not right in the middle of everything location. I tend to take the blue line in from ohare and is a very short work from the clark an lake stop.My room has always been spacious, and very attractive but as someone else wrote not over the top. The hotel was formally a Nikko and still has a slight zen asian look.	
May 21 2006 	Nice hotel but would Hesitate to Stay Here Again	I stayed here for three and a half days to attend a conference and most of the time was very pleased with the hotel. Although rooms are a little dark, they are unusually large and quite comfortable. The Westin River North has a sleek modern ambiance and is a much better hotel than the Westin on Michigan Avenue, which seemed somewhat run-down when I stayed there last fall. Even though the Michigan Avenue hotel has a better location if you are in Chicago to shop, I liked the location of the Westin River North as it is right on the river, with easy access to the Loop, but also there are lots of good restaurants nearby, and its an easy walk to the shops of Michigan Ave.The one aspect of the hotel that really bothered me is that they charge you an extra $10 for the use of their fitness facility. I have stayed at Westin hotels all over the country and have never encountered an additional charge to use one of their gyms. Since you are already paying top dollar to stay here, I think that they are highly out of line to submit guests to this additional charge. There are lots of hotels to choose from in Chicago, so I would probably go elsewhere on my next business trip.	
May 2 2006	great hotel	My daughter, her friend, her Aunt, and myself, stayed at this hotel 4/28-4/30. It was a surprise for my daughter's 16th bday. We were already booked club level, but they did give us an upgrade to a corner room with a beautiful view of the water and city. Club level was good, not great. The breakfast was continental and there were snacks (pretzels, fresh fruit, etc) during the day. In the evening, hors d'oeveres (sp) little pizzas, fried artichokes (yum). Alcoholic bevs were extra. This was my first experience with paying for alcohol in club. It was spacious there with a few plasma tv's and computer.The room was very nice. It was clean, and appeared newer. The bathroom was nice, nothing over the top. Not a separate shower and tub.The conceirge was very helpful. The front desk people delightful. Fun time, in a great hotel. Would stay here again.	
Mar 2 2006	Great Hotel in a City of Great hotels	Wow--I always love Westins--the heavenly bed really is. This was our, thousandth(?) trip to Chi town, we always stay somewhere different, because there are so many fantastic hotels. No longer--I will stay this Westin from now on. It is cool--very sleek and contemporary, zen like. It feels relaxed and quiet . The river views are awesome, the bed, perfect. We also heard the Sushi is great there, but haven't yet tried it. Rock on--!	
Feb 27 2006 	Central for restaurants sites 	A great hotel, particularly if you get a river view (I only had to ask). The room was spotless, the bed fantastic, the shower even better. The bar was spacious and relaxing. The staff did everything to please. And do try Bin 36 over the road, an amazing restaurant with a cheese bar and a novel opportunity to try numerous wines in one sitting. Highly recommended hotel whether for business or pleasure.	
Feb 21 2006	New Year's Weekend	We travelled from Fort Lauderdale to Chicago for the New Year's weekend. We could not have been more pleased with the Westin Chicago River North. We were in Chicago in May 2005 and stayed at Hotel 71. No comparison. The Westin is so much better. Cleaner, better elevators, nicer lobby, better rooms. New Year's Eve the security was tight so no one that wasn't staying at the hotel couldn't get to the elevators. Great location as we walked to Marshall-Fields, the Ford Theatre and pretty much everywhere we wanted to go. And only 2 blocks to Lou Malnati's -some of the best Chicago deep dish pizza! Will definitely stay at the Westin Chicago River North again.	
Feb 12 2006	Elegant but Some Front Desk Issues	We really enjoyed the elegant, spare Asian decor in the public areas of the hotel. Our room was nice too, but not as nice. There was water damage on the ceiling and some disrepair in the corner wall of the bathroom, but the room was very comfortable wth romantic views of the river. The restaurant has a great breakfast &amp; service was impeccable. The bar area is very nice. The bellhops were all quick and helpful--really gracious. The front desk staff was weirdly off the ball. The person at the front desk was rather rude, but we brushed that off. When we got to our room, though, it turned out she had actually given us a room that was already occupied! There were people asleep in bed! The bellman was horrified and rushed to the phone in the hallway to straighten things out. From what we could hear, she was rude to him too. A day later we found they had our check out date wrong (we got our bill under the door a day early, though they had the date right when we checked in). Lastly, after we checked out, we discovered that they had not billed the room charges to the proper credit card. Note that the location is really great for theatre-going, though a little far for walking to and from the Water Tower shopping area.	
Jan 24 2006 	Good business hotel	This hotel is what you would expect from a Westin. Typical 4-star hotel. The service was good, the rooms were comfortable, clean and provided a good work environment. Style of building seemed Japanese, and I think a Japanese chain used to own the building. Staff were polite and helpful.Didn't eat at the restaurant on site, but the bar was fine. Nothing special.Would probably return for work but would stay at another location for pleasure.	
Jan 21 2006	Love The River North.	I have stayed at this hotel 30 times along with many other in downtown Chicago. You cannot beat the location the service. Great restaurants all within walking distance. A little pricey but worth it.	
Dec 21 2005	great weekend at the westin !	Just returned from a long weekend of shopping and celebrating in Chicago. The Westin proved to be a great home base. Our room was large and comfortable and the bathroom, done in black marble, was also quite large and stylish. The hotel gym is far superior to most and never crowded. The lobby overlooks the bar area which creates a great atmosphere to have a drink/appetizer in. The staff was friendly and the location was ideal for Michigan Ave. or the loop. We would suggest taking the 2 block walk to the Mambo Grill to start an evening with their mojitos then walking 2 more blocks to Fado for a perfectly poured Guinness. Did I mention we did some celebrating ?	
Dec 12 2005	pleasant getaway	We booked a two-night &quot;Romance Package&quot; to shop and play in Chicago. This included a king bed, river view room, coupons for an American breakfast, a bottle of champagne and strawberries, and a 4 p.m. late-checkout. The room was spacious and the view very nice. Bathroom was also luxurious, with the &quot;heavenly&quot; showerhead. (Just be sure it's set to your liking before you step in! It's powerful.) There were a few minor glitches. The champagne and strawberries we requested never arrived the first night, but we decided to go out to dinner anyway, and so had them sent up the next night. In the morning we found only decaf coffee and one paper cup in the room. There was also no bathrobe in the room. The full American breakfast coupons were worth $10 each and you could select only that from the menu (2 eggs, sausage or bacon, toast, etc.) It was fine but we used the coupons only the first morning - went to brunch at the Palmer House on Sunday instead. It was a pleasant stay and we most liked the late check-out - gave us time to squeeze in more shopping (without having to hassle with packing and retrieving our car right away) before heading home. Staff was quite friendly. We usually stay in a corner room at the Swissotel but tried this just for a change. I like the location of the Swisshotel better, but have always found their staff are pretty chilly.	
Dec 6 2005 	Westin River North Redefines Class	Recently or more truthfully, I am in the middle of what I expected to be a pleasant experience at the Westin River North Hotel in Chicago. I've stayed here numerous times over the past years, even when it was the old Nikko-but it has improved so dramatically over the past year I felt compelled to write. The Front Desk Manager Steve Johnson personally checked me in, maybe because I am a Platinum member I thought, but I saw him pitching in with the overall check-in process which made even a large crowd of people's check in experience as smooth as mine which was during an unhurried period. I used the lobby quite a bit to work as it has internet connectivity as well as my room did, and had a nice loungelike atmosphere. Food and drink were fine, nothing spectacular here but fine nonetheless. But then Mr. Johnson invited me to the SPG lounge on the 19th floor-I think this is reserved for SPG Gold or Platinum members, I'm not sure, but it really made me feel like I was in a Ritz Carlton as opposed to the Westin and it only got better from there. During my stay I was greeted by name by many of the staff ranging from the bellmen Allen and James as well as Mr. Johnson who made my otherwise normally pleasant experience into one that made me feel a VIP from start to finish. Great job Westin and thanks for making me feel like an honored guest and acting in what I way that I can only say redefines the word class.	
Nov 16 2005 	You Can Go Home Again!	My wife and I are Chicagoans currently living in Switzerland, and we stayed at the Westin while on a recent business/visiting family and friends trip back to the Windy City in October 2005.Overall, I really enjoyed this hotel. At check-in we were offered access to the business level (I can't really remember what it's called) for $60/day. I think it gave us unlimited high-speed internet, access to the business level and the fitness room. The business lounge is OK. I guess it's a nice place to unwind, but the food isn't that great, AND they charge you for drinks. I think the price should AT LEAST include a free drink.The positives:The fitness room is excellent. Actually, it has to rank in the top three of fitness rooms I've ever encountered at a hotel.The open-plan bar/lounge area is bustling and loud, and a nice place to meet up with friends/colleagues after work. The rooms are of generous size and the bed and furniture are very comfortable.The staff was very friendly and attentive to our needs.The marble bathroom was a little dark, but pretty well appointed.Our view looking at Marina City and the Chicago River was good (unlike what a previous reviewer experienced). I would probably request a river view in advance. Otherwise you might have a view of a rooftop or a parking lot.The concierge was very helpful and offered brochures-a-plenty when I asked about touristy things.The location of the hotel is very good. You're next to the Chicago River about a 5-7 minute walk from Michigan and Wacker. This is a stop for the double-decker tour bus if you're interested in doing that. Also, there are many restaurants within walking distance (i.e. Harry Carry's is pretty much right across the street). Or, a five-ten minute taxi ride will take you to a plethora of restaurants and sights.Negatives:As mentioned before, I was rather surprised to find that you had to pay for a beer in the business lounge after paying $60/day for the right to go up there in the first place.I found the housekeeping was sub par. Specifically, the room was very dusty. I shouldn't feel the need to dust my hotel room after housekeeping has just cleaned the room. I'm talking about thick dust on the nightstands and dressers.Overall, it was a pleasant stay at an above average (but not 5-star quality) hotel. I found it to be a good value for the money, and I'd recommend it for business travelers and tourists alike.One note: this hotel is NOT on the Magnificent Mile. If you're looking to walk out of your door and experience shopping galore you're better off staying at some hotel on N. Michigan Avenue.	
Nov 5 2005	Very Nice Hotel	We stayed at this Westin property, the evening after the Chicago Marathon. We had booked a room at the Chicago Sheraton Towers, but through some misunderstanding, we could not stay there for our last night in Chicago and and we had to move to the Westin. Well, after a-not-so pleasant stay at the Sheraton, we were pleasantly surprised with the Westin. As soon as the taxi pulled up to the front door, we were greeted by a very cheerful doorman, and our luggage was taken and held aside until we got our room. The receptionist was lukewarm but efficient. Being a Platinum member, we were updated to a club level floor. Room was very nicely appointed, with that wonderful bed and bathroom amenities. Oh, and loved the computer with free internet in the room!I think this hotel's best asset is the Concierge, Bell Staff and Doormen. They are as cheerful as anyone can be and so eager to help (they ought to teach a hospitality course to their sister hotel, the Chicago Sheraton Towers!).The fitness centre is wonderful and the trainer on duty was extremely helpful.Too bad we didn't stay all four nights of our stay at this wonderful place. Highly recommend it.	
Nov 1 2005	A dream came true	Very nice Hotel. Stayed during the World Series fulfilling my father's life dream to watch the Whitesox in a world series. Got upgraded to a Excutive floor room (Gold Member). Service at the executive lounge was very nice and cordial. Very good location, near everything in downtown. Heavenly bed was great.	
Oct 11 2005	Chicago marathon	We stayed at the Westin during the Chicago marathon, and we were very impressed! The check in staff was excellent, even providing us with suggestions for dinner, and also allowing us a late check out for after the race, which allowed us to shower before our long drive home. The rooms were great, and we had a nice view of the Chicago River. The rooms are very spacious, including the bathroom, and the bed was very comfortable. We would definitely stay here again! In fact, we stayed here based on another recommendation, and we're glad we did.	
Oct 3 2005	Nice discreet business hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in late Sep. Location is convenient for Michigan Avenue - just 10 mins walk away. It is also good for downtown as the Sears tower is 20 mins walk away. Check in was rapid and smooth. The rooms are nice - decent size, good controllable air conditioning, the standard comfortable Westin bed. Breakfast is quick and reasonable. There is a standard continental breakfast which includes a small buffet with a good selection of fresh fruit, pastries, yogurt and cereals for US$14. There are also hot breakfast selections a la carte. I ordered dinner from room service one evening and it was prompt and the food was actually rather good, which was a pleasant surprise. The concierge was helpful when I asked for help buying chocolates (and I did do as she suggested). There were only 3 minuses, all of which were pretty minor. The telephone in my room had an annoying hum. I did not get an upgrade which I normally do as I have a Starwood Platinum card but there was no explanation or mention of this, and the rooms are susceptible to some traffic noise. Having said all that, I prefer this to both the W Chicago and the W Lakeshore, and intend to stay here next time I am in Chicago.	
Sep 30 2005	Love this hotel except for the Service!	I stay at this hotel a lot. For the most part it is great -- the rooms are nice and spacious, the folks at check in are good, the restaurant is great, the location is awesome, but the service in the lobby is HORRIBLE. For some odd reason, the lobby bar is RUDE and non-attentive. To the point where I don't even like sititng in there. In fact, I travel there with my sales team and they can't stand it any more. Unfortunatley, the experince of the lobby bar area has ruined this hotel for me.	
Aug 29 2005	Great Hotel Poor Service	A friend and I had planned a trip to Chicago to see the Cubs/Marlins game on Saturday the 27th and had reserved a room with two beds for the evening of the 27th. We were arriving in Chicago at 9:30 AM, and called after we landed to inquire about an early check in. We were told that no rooms would be available until the hotels planned no rooms would be ready (even though we had a confirmed reservation) for &quot;at least a few hours&quot;, and that the best they could do was a single and a roll away; they further went on to say that if we had checked in earlier, they may have been able to accomodate us (even though after we called they told us to come for the 3PM check in). We had 6PM dinner plans with other friends, and had to accept what they gave us because we needed to be ready to go out. They made no effort to apologize, nor to make up for their mistake (again, we had a confirmed reservation). Even though the hotel was your typical Westin, I don't think I will be returning.	
Aug 24 2005 	Good room nice service terrible view.	The room was typical Westin, namely very nice furnishings including the heavenly bed, big tub, marble bathroom, etc. It looks like the place was recently renovated because everything was new. The lobby and the bar are great places to meet up with friends and lounge. The concierge was terrific. Her suggestions for restaurants and activities were just what we wanted. One negative was the view which was of the hotel next door. I could sort of see the Chicago river. Very few of the rooms had nice views. Another problem was that the check-in staff didn't seem to honor the Starwood Gold benefits because my upgrade wasn't much of an upgrade. Overall, it's fine but I'm not aching to go back there.	
Jul 22 2005 	A quiet oasis	After a tough day in the airport waiting for my delayed flight, I arrived at the Westin on July 20, 2005. The hotel is modern with a friendly doorman and pleasant staff. The room was extremely clean and comfortable with a lovely bath. It's convenient to great restaurants and the House of Blues. I got a wonderful night's sleep on the Heavenly bed and loved the quiet. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 12 2005	Wonderful hotel!	I stayed at the Westin on July 9, 2005. I was planning a bachelorette party in Chicago, so all of the girls and I stayed here. We had a wonderful experience. The lobby is beautiful and very high class. All of the employees were extremely friendly and very helpful. The lady at the front desk let us check in early and made sure we had the river view, which was amazing. Now, I'm a former flight attendant, so I have stayed in about a million different hotels all over the world. This room was very clean and a nice size. The heavenly bed was so comfortable and the heavenly bath with the two shower heads and the bowed out shower curtain rod that provides extra elbow room was wonderful. I didn't want to get out of the shower! So, all in all we had an absolutely wonderful experience here, I definitely recommend it.	
Jul 3 2005	We had a fantastic time.	We stayed at the Westin from June 23-June 28, 2005. The hotel staff provided outstanding service. Allen, was the most helpful and friendliest doorman/bellman in Chicago. The concierge was not the best that we have experienced, but her behavior was not enough to give the hotel a lower rate. We arrived approximately two hours early. The staff was very considerate and call us on my cell phone when the room was ready. The room was very clean and we had an excellent view of the river. The bed and shower were heavenly. The darken drapes provided enough darkness for us to sleep in a little later in the morning. The location is convienent to all areas.	
Jun 22 2005 	Hotel was okay.........	The rooms were quite small, compared to other hotel rooms. They were clean, though. Great location and MOST of the staff was nice.Here is where I had a problem...........went down stairs to ask where could I get 4 plates and 4 forks for us to eat a delivery dinner. One desk attendant looked at the other and said, &quot;go ahead and waive the fee&quot;. I asked what fee. They said that there is normally a $25 fee for use of the hotel plates and flatware and not ordering in the hotel to encourage patrons not to eat outside of the hotel. I was shocked (and my face showed it). I looked at the other desk attendant and he stated, &quot;Well, this IS the Westin&quot; in a VERY arrogant tone.The only restaurant in the hotel was a sushi/VERY upscale restaurant. If the hotel encourages, eating in, QUESTION: WHY does the conceirge recommend SEVERAL delivery places to eat in the hotel room? I guess they were hoping that the Chicago-style pizza place would supply plates and forks. I told the non-arrogant desk attendant, thanks for waiving the fee. I ended up not needed the plates and cancelled the &quot;room order&quot; for the plates.In addition, I was misquoted on cab fare from several of the bell-hops to the airport compared to what the cab driver charged (a LARGE amount difference).	
Jun 4 2005 	The best of the best in Chicago!! Check out the new Westin Workout Rooms!	I frequently stay with Starwood hotels and especially Westins across the world for both business and leisure purposes. However, after staying at the Westin River North in Chicago, I was once again reminded the superiority of Westin in terms of product and service. The Westin River North has truly engaging staff members who are professional, curteous, and friendly! From the doormen, bellmen and concierge to the front desk, everyone is so caring and attentive. And of course, the bed and shower are heavenly as always. During my most recent stay, I had the opportunity to upgrade my room to the new Westin Workout room for only an addional $60. Wow! This was nothing like I've ever experienced before! A treadmill, workout equipment (weights, stability and medicine ball, etc.), fitness library, and a DVD player with workout DVDs were all at the convenience of my hotel room. As a fitness buff who has been thoroughly enjoying Westin's Reebok Westin Workout fitness center, this was a real treat! I most definitely reccommend this property to business and pleasure travelers alike!	
Jun 4 2005 	I found the Perfect hotel	I have been traveling to Chicago for years and just recently found the Perfect hotel. The Westin River North had everything I needed as a business traveler at a great price. From the beginning of the stay the hotel got two thumbs up. Stepping out of the cab I was greeted by the friendliest doorman who assisted me with my luggage. Walking from the front entrance to the checkin desk I thought I was a celebrity with all of the staff members greeting me. I was approached by at least three different employees with a good afternoon or friendly welcome. The front desk was equally as great with the perfect attitude not that I'm too busy to help you attitude. I was even offered an upgraded river view room for an additional $40. I strongly suggest this room with its unbelievable views - the best in the city. Plus this was perfect for me since I was going to be working out of my room this evening and enjoy a great view when I work. As I was being escorted to my room by the bellman, he mentioned to me about the wonderful massage services the hotel offers. It was not long until I made the appointment. This was perfect for $55 I was able to get a Hot Stone Therapy Massage which was the most rejuvenating massage I had in a long time. I will be returning to Chicago next month and guarantee I will be staying at The Westin River North.	
May 31 2005 	Fabulous vacation at the Westin River North!	Wow. What a wonderful experience my husband and I had last weekend at the Westin River North. We chose the hotel because I attended a conference there and the conference room rate was very reasonable. My husband went along with me for some much needed R&amp;R. The Westin RN turned out to be the perfect place to mix business with pleasure. The conference facilities in the riverfront ballroom were outstanding. Even the food provided to attendees was good! The accommodations were exquisite and the service unbelievably good. We inquired about a riverview, but hesitated to pay an extra $40 per night and opted out. However, we were given a room on the southeast side of the hotel that looked out over the river anyway at no additional charge! We could only see two bridges, but were very pleased with our view of the river, Dearborn, and Wacker Drive (including a Memorial Day Parade!). The bed was &quot;heavenly,&quot; as advertised, and the room was much more spacious than we expected for the location. Everything we needed was already in the room, from declicious-smelling toiletries to a corkscrew and wine glasses! My husband got a great massage in the hotel and we were so impressed with the gym we wished we had one as nice back home. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful. The desk staff was personable and gave the feel of a much smaller hotel. The concierge directed us to fabulous restaurants within a few blocks. The location was unbeatable. We walked a few blocks east to catch the architecture boat tour at sunset and saw a great show at the House of Blues across the street. Michigan Avenue, Millenium Park, museums, and the train stop to get to Midway Airport were all an easy walk. If we can get a good deal on the room again, Westin River North will definitely be our first choice hotel for our next trip to Chicago!	
May 20 2005	Great Time At Westin River North	Stayed at this hotel from May 06 - May 08 2005. The hotel itself is in an awesome location, close to all the great areas of Chicago (we walked everywhere we went)!!! The train station to the airport was only 2 blocks over, which saved money on cabfare. The hotel inside is very well kept and stylish. Our room was very clean, contempoary, and comfortable-not to mention pretty big for a hotel room. Our view was awesome of the Chicago River and many bridges that wind through the city. The bathroom had a large tub, and plenty of room (no stand alone shower though).We did try enjoy some drinks at the bar and had breakfast at the hotel. These were our only dissapointments. The bartender was sassy and rude, and the food was way overpriced-and did not even taste that good. There are plenty of good bars and resturants near by (on Clark street), I suggest going there.Overall the hotel was great, service (expept food and beverage) was wonderful as well, which is typical for all STARWOOD hotels I have stayed in. The photos attatched are from our Deluxe River View Room. I would highly recommend.	
May 12 2005 	It must be getting better!	I think things must be getting better. I've sampled several Chicago Hotels as I go there for business often. For a while, I was staying at the Westin down on Michegan Ave., but just decided it was not convenient. The Westin River North is very convenient to everything I'm looking for and I found the staff to be very helpful. It has a nice large lobby to relax in, which I find very nice. The rooms were large (not small) and everything was in order. Mind you, I've only stayed here once, and hopeuflly will not experience any problems. Heading there again in June so I'll let you know, but for now, I'd highly recommed this hotel.	
May 4 2005	beautiful lounge and gardens	we knew nothing about the hotel or the area. We were surprised that we had nothing to complain about. The lobby was nice, the lounge perfect and our room was wonderful, clean, had a view, the bed was as advertised with heavenly sheets and pillows and the coffee was a nice touch. I wish we could have stayed longer.	
Mar 20 2005	Great value and location for a nice hotel.	This is a very nice hotel. I can not complain about anything in regards to this hotel. I was able to get a room at this hotel for a steal, as I got a great rate using Hotwire. If I ever am in Chicago the Westin River North will be the hotel I look at.	
Mar 13 2005	Great Stay!	The Westin River North is a very luxurious hotel. The room views are spectacular looking over the Chicago River. The hotel is in the center of Chicago, near the Merchandise Mart, and the Magnificent Mile. I would deffinatley stay there again. The staff is very helpful, and kind. I would reccomend this to families because it is a short ride to the Shed Aquarium and the Field Museum. Our stay at the Westin was excellent!	
Mar 12 2005	While Not Flawless Had a Very Nice Time	Ended up getting the Westin River North in a ridiculous deal on priceline - $69 for 3/11 - the lowest I've ever read about it going for. Was thrilled with the deal, but wanted to ensure a river-view room, and was willing to pay $40. Called Thursday night when I got the room and was told, because of priceline, they could only see about something like that when I checked in. Friday morning, I thought I'd try again. I didn't have any real &quot;dressy&quot; clothes at hand, and I thought - had a feeling - they wouldn't give me a river view room if I just walked in in casual clothing and tried to reason with the hotel staff. So, I tried calling. The woman said that I could upgrade to a river suite for $50, and I'd also get a free continental breakfast. So, all-in-all, the room would cost $120 before taxes. Still good for the river view rooms, which apparently command a premium of about $50-60 over the regular rooms (I was getting an approximately $230 room for approx. $120). She blocked off the room over the telephone and I was all set. Get there and the front desk staff was okay - not cold, by any means, but that sort of impersonally friendly - &quot;trained&quot; friendly. Anyways, the hotel used to be a Japanese hotel - the Hotel Nikko - and the lobby is heavily Japanese-styled, complete with a lowered restaurant area/sushi bar. The elevators have carved designs in the back of them. There was a very nice gift shop also off to the side. We get up to the 17th floor (20 floors in all - I believe 18,19,20 are business suites/rooms) and walk into the room and there's just a stunning view of the river. The room doesn't seem like a &quot;suite&quot;, really, but it does certainly seem like a large/oversized room. There's a fairly lengthy hallway in the room, and off to the side in the hall is a mid-sized bathroom. You walk out into the room and to one side is a large desk area and the TV, and to the other side is the Westin &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot;. The front of the room, facing the river, was sort of like half of a half circle - there was a nice sitting area and big windows looking out over the river. The nice thing about my room and the room next to it was that it's out a little bit, so you are literally looking down on nothing but river. There's a small walkway in-between the hotel and the river, but if you jumped from the window from my room, you'd hit water. At night, the view up along the river was pretty amazing. We had a big view up West along the river, but also had a pretty nice view East, although not a complete view East like we had looking West. The room next door appeared to have the opposite - big view East, good but not complete view West. We could see the lake through some buildings. The Westin Heavenly Bed was definitely really nice - my finance didn't want to get out of bed - she jokingly wondered if they'd notice if we lugged a bed out the front door. They do sell the mattress in a catalog in the room, however - I think it was something like $1000. Shower had the Westin Heavenly Shower - 2 shower heads. The room was nice and the view was GREAT, but the room didn't have much &quot;personality&quot;. It's obviously a business hotel and not too funky in the rooms, where the Japanese flavor isn't carried over. The bathroom, with black marble tile, had more snap. The TV was also kind of underwelming - it appeared to be a 20 inch Philips that appeared to have been there for a while. Room was clean, though, and not worn in any way. Peeked into some of the other rooms on the floor when the maids were working, and they did not seem quite as big as our room. The hallways were clean and well-lit, and the ice machine was down the way. We went down to the restaurant in the morning to see what the deal was with the continental breakfast. Surprisingly, there weren't too many people there, and the breakfast was set out. it consisted of some pastries/breads/muffins, fruit, cereal and oatmeal. I ended up just having a muffin and a little pastry - fiance had some fruit and said it was fresh and quite good. It was free and the quality was good, but the selection was a bit underwhelming - some eggs would have been nice. We got much more at the Residence Inn in downtown Chicago by Water Tower place, which had a really nice spread laid out for breakfast, including big muffins, bagels, drinks, eggs, meat, cereal and even waffle makers. They didn't give us the breakfast coupon at checkin, so I had to go back down the prior afternoon. The restaurant was quite nice, and peaceful - you can look out at the rock garden (again, appears to be another element carried over from the days where it was the Hotel Nikko) They slipped the bill under the door in the morning and it had the &quot;upgrade&quot; that I did charged twice, only on the bill it was $40, not $50. Since I was up at 5am, I took it downstairs and got it taken care of - so the upgrade was $45 (incl. tax). No big deal, apparently they billed at the time of the upgrade and then someone doing daily billing did it again. Easy to take care of, but reinforces my motto when staying in hotels - always watch your credit card billing. Room service was available, but we decided not to this time. There wasn't anything either of us were interested in - the menu a little bit on the limited side and definitely pricey, with a sandwhich that sounded decent running $13 - there were also some pricier items like Filet Mignon, which was $29. 19% + $2.50 was also added to room service orders. If you walk down the street (Dearborn) there's a Sbarro's pizza, which is terrific - we ate there instead, and there's a White Hen Pantry across the street of Sbarros for snacks/drinks - definitely needed, given that room service soda was something like $3. There are only 4 rooms per floor on the river side of the building. Given that there are a couple of floors with other things besides rooms, I would estimate that there are maybe 60 river rooms in the place. Out of the river rooms, there appear to be two smaller corner rooms on the sides, then the bigger rooms in the middle of the four. The river rooms, if the floors I were on are any indication, end in 24,25,26,27. 25 is the middle room looking West, 26 is the middle room looking East. So, overall, it was nice. The room offered a fantastic view - other hotels offer a river view, but there aren't any like that, where you feel like you're literally over the river - the other hotels have a street in-between the hotel and river. The staff/service was okay - not bad, but not fantastic, either. It was the same way at the Intercontinental in Chicago, while the *** Courtyard Marriott seemed eager to please.	
Mar 9 2005	Reservations nightmare	Definitely pay attention to those previous reviews regarding the management/reservations! I cannot believe the absurdity. I made a reservation via telephone (their direct Chicago number, not the 800 number) for a Friday night stay. I called for the reservation that Fri morning and was happy to get a room. The reservation woman on the phone told me that I could still call and cancel by 3pm that same afternoon. Well, some travel problems arose and I had to cancel. I called back at 2:52 pm and spoke with a different woman, who assured me that my reservation was cancelled and there would be no charge. Sure enough, my credit card bill arrives and there's a big fat charge from the Westin. I called and spoke to a manager, who tried very hard to be nice to me but still failed to give me a refund. He stated their cancellation policy is 24hours notice, and if it's a same-day reservation, then the policy is &quot;non-cancelable.&quot; I informed him this was NOT at ALL what the woman from reservations told me. In fact, WHY would I have called to cancel, if I was aware that the reservation was &quot;non-cancelable&quot;? Furthermore, the record of my phone call is all in their computer, the manager read it to me over the phone. Yet somehow the logic escaped him. He said there was nothing he could do since I didn't have the woman's name. (How many of us actually write down people's names when we're assured that there is no problem? Are we supposed to assume that everyone we talk to is a moron and take their name??)And just for hilarity, this manager told me that he gets calls like mine &quot;all the time.&quot; That means that their reservations people screw things up like this &quot;all the time!&quot; Just like the other reviews said, the manager then made a big show of offering me the courtesy of a gift certificate for a future stay. Firstly, I am so disgusted with this place that I have absolutely no interest in staying there ever again. Secondly, they still are charging ME money for THEIR mistake. I'm furious! I would stay away like the plague. Your money is better spent elsewhere.	
Feb 10 2005	A Great Weekend	We have stayed in many hotels in the Chicagoland area and we fell this Westin is one of the best. The staff is friendly and attentive, the location is great; just north of the Loop and theater district and three blocks off Michigan Avenue. We are Starwood Preferred members aned have never had any trouble with reservations or being upgraded. The staff goes out of their way to make your stay special. 	
Jan 26 2005	Can't hold a reservation: avoid	I am a Starwood Preferred Gold and stay in Westins all over the country very frequently.I showed up to this hotel and despite a confirmed reservation and my status with Starwood, they were unable to give me a room. This is a problem that recurs at this hotel, as you can see from a review written on this site in September: ----To accomodate me, they offered to put me across town in a crappy Sheraton. No dice. Freezing. Midnight. And, I needed to be at the Westin for a conference at 7:30 AM, which is, of course, why I chose it in the first place.James Bristow, the only manager on duty, was not very useful. His only suggestion was that I get a room across the street at the very run-down Hard Rock Hotel. Room cost was one-third of the Westin, which should tell you about the room quality.This is a miserable experience and, apparently, this hotel does it frequently, even to its &quot;preferred&quot; customers.I'd avoid this until the hotel figures out how to honor a confirmed, paid-for reservation.	
Dec 21 2004	Nice Place!	Stayed at this Westin two weeks ago, no problems, no complaints. Very nice place with friendly staff. Extremely clean room &amp; bath. Within walking distance to everything from Water Tower Place north and Buddy Guys south. Or catch a cab waiting right outside on the curb. Didn't get a chance to try the sushi bar. Bin 36 right across street for nice breakfast - and they have a wine &amp; cheese bar. Several nice steakhouses within block or two. And Andy's jazz bar is around the corner - within stumbling distance!	
Nov 26 2004	Nice Stay.	We stayed 3 nights this past Columbus Day Weekend. The check in staff were prompt and professional. I booked this on a travel site and was not treated any differently. I was given an early checkin and a nice room. This hotel has an elegant feel to it and deserves a 4 star rating. Hotel is near public transportation from the airport. Check out was prompt and professional also.	
Nov 26 2004	Pleasant stay! :-)	This was our first stay at the Westin River North, and we were very happy with this 4-star hotel. THE HOTEL:The hotel used to be the Nikko Hotel, so it still contains a Japanese minimalist luxe feel, which I really liked. The lobby itself is smart &amp; elegant in a totally understated way (no garish brass light fixtures or tacky edwardian wallpaper here, thank goodness). The staff was very professional and courteous. I had phoned in several days before arrival and requested a single bed, and they were very incredibly accomodating and professional.THE ROOM:Our room was a non-smoking room on the 17th floor, with a partial view of the Chicago River and the circular &quot;corn cob&quot; towers, which are architecturally quite interesting. The room contained the &quot;heavenly bed&quot;, and it was dreamy with beautiful white bedding. The room itself was spacious with 2 chairs, desk, and TV armoire. The bathroom contained a vanity with beautiful grey marble with black &amp; off-white veining. The marble surrounded the shower/tub and the floors. The only detraction from the bathroom was that the wallpaper was starting to peel in a couple of places....just a minor thing...this could easily be remedied, and should be for a 4-star hotel. The rooms were very well sound-insulated from adjoining rooms, which is something that I really appreciated. Housekeeping was incredibly accomodating and friendly.LOCATION:The hotel is centrally located on the north side of the Chicago River about 4 blocks west of Michigan Ave in the area called &quot;River North&quot;. The hotel is in walking distance to: the shops on Michigan Ave., the fabulous Millenium Park (a must see!), the beautiful architecture of the Loop, and of the red &amp; brown line &quot;El&quot; trains (The El is a great way of getting around the city for places too far to walk.) We parked the car in the surface lot in front of the hotel for $19/night and we just left the car there until we checked out of the hotel. Valet service is available, but is more expensive. (Had we not been doing traveling throughout the mid-west, we would have preferred not even having the car in Chicago) There is a 'average joe' breakfast dive a block north on Clark St. called Sam's, which was a good place to grab a quick bite before heading off exploring the city. (closed Sundays). OVERALL:Considering the great price we paid on priceline($89/night including taxes/fees), and considering the top-notch accomodations &amp; central location, this could not be beat. We were very happy with our stay.Happy Travels!	
Oct 24 2004	Fabulous Stay!	We arrived at approximately 11 A.M. on October 22nd. We had booked through Priceline for $99/night for two nights and weren't sure what to expect. It turned out to be an excellent value. Check-in was very smooth. We requested a king-sized bed, non-smoking because Priceline automatically sets you up with a doubles room. No problems there. We received a room on the 11th floor with a great view of the Chicago River. In the mornings, we were able to see the bridges rise and lower to allow the boats through. We really loved the Asian-themed decor. Very modern, lots of black marble, lots of Asian-inspired artwork. The staff was friendly, courteous, and more than willing to help us find the things we were looking for. Overall, we had a fabulous stay and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 13 2004	Worst in my life	You will nolt believe it,I made a reservation at this hotel 4 months ago. They accepted the reservation and charged my credit card. They later informed me 3 months later that they have moved me to a lower grade hotel (3.5 star, vs Westin is 4.5 star) This move was made without even checking with me. I called the manager and he told me they do it all the time, if they oversell there hotel (that it seems they do quite often) they move you to a lower grade hotel. And if the customer complains, all they have to do is be nasty. What type of world we are living in to tolerate this.	
Sep 1 2004	Excellent property!!!	I stayed at the Westin River North for just one night in August and I received some of the best service I have ever received.Everyone from the front desk to the maid servicewere attentive and always smiling.The rooms were very spacious and the beds really were &quot;hevenly&quot;.The only complaint was the $35.00 charge for valet parking!I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for superior service in a great location.	
Aug 24 2004	My favorite Westin	I have stayed here on numerous occasions as well as the the Westin on Michigan. This hotel is definitely nicer. The rooms are bigger and have better views with honor bars that the Michigan property lacks. The public areas are much bigger, the restaurant has great views of the river. Located in the River North area close to dozens of great restaurants and theaters and nightlife. Starwood correctly gives this properry a 4 while the Michigan Westin rates a 3.	
Aug 21 2004	Comfortable but should it be called "Westin?"	Stayed here over the 4th July/Taste of Chicago. This hotel used to be Nikko Hotel, so it still had some Oriental flavor in the decoration. Room was very clean, but small. We paid only $95/night using Hotwire, so for that price, we thought we got a good deal.I have stayed at other Westin hotels, and compare to other Westin hotels, I am not sure if this hotel meets &quot;Westin&quot; branding expectations. I thought Westin is positioned a bit more luxurious than Sheraton, which is not the case with this hotel. I think Westin at Michigan Avenue (I have also stayed there before) was a bit more luxurious.Of course, everyone loves the &quot;heavenly bed,&quot; which I also enjoyed it very much!	
Aug 4 2004	Starting to age.	I've stayed here many times over the years. Ever since Westin bought it, it been very slowly sliding. Not that it's bad, it just isn't that good anymore. Here's my experience. I had requested a high room location. Checked at 3pm and was told by staff member nothing higher than 7th floor was available. She wouldn't even check for any other availablity. Just wanted to get us away from her post. Room is just a little tired. Carpet is stained,light was out in bathroom, air condidtioning is noisy and went from heat to cold, but did keep the room ok. Shower was terrible. Went from hot to cold and back to hot. Told front desk about shower and light. Only light was fixed. I don't think the wall paper has been changed in a decade. Like I said it's just getting old. Location is still great, but I'm looking for a new place to stay. On checkout I relayed the problem with the shower a second time. Got the standard &quot;we're really sorrry but we're not going to offer you any consideration for your inconvenience.&quot; Oh, and they now allow pets. Dog started barking in room next to us in the afternoon. Party in that room apologized and did keep dog quiet. But someone will be in a room when a dog barks at 3am. And turndown service is history. Yeah, after writing this I am definitely going to look for a new place to stay.	
Jul 6 2004	ReLaXaTiOn	I was at comfort with my room. The hotel was very inviting and sleek. The setting was peaceful and it made you feel at home with the lounge space through the doors. Lights were dim to give you that romantic feel. My view was excellent and the beds were insanely comfortable. I only had two hours of sleep, but those 2 hours was the most relaxed hours i can truly say i ever had. I have only one complaint, which is the prices. I understand you are a 4 star hotel but goodness are those prices neccessary! $13 for a hamburger!	
Apr 6 2004	Condescending Management	Booked on Priceline, called hotel direct day before arrival, and again day of arrival, to specify non-smoking room with 2 double beds. Trainee checking us in was PAINFULLY slow - told me what room she had selected, but by the time she actually punched it in the other clerk had given it away - that was last room with 2 beds. COndescending manager made big play of &quot;extending the courtesy&quot; to see what he could do, and said when you book on &quot;first available&quot; services you only get whatever is left, and any other customer who books through the hotel website will have first advantage over you. We got it straigtened out, but he was a prick.	
Mar 26 2004	Elegantly Chic	Stayed here last week of March for one evening. The lobby is very chic and modern. Check-in was quick, very helpful, and welcoming. Being a Preferred Guest member, I recieved a corner room on the southwest portion of the building with a nice view of the Chicago River and the many buildings along Wacker Drive (can even see the top of Sears Tower). Indeed, the other rooms would probably not have the same views as the hotel is cornered by taller structures. However, the views are rather secondary to the amenities of the rooms. From, the heavenly bed to the heavenly showers, one is in for a treat of comfort and relaxation. The room is large and very clean, with marbles in the bathroom a pleasant addition. I would definitely stay here again. It's an elegantly chic 4 star hotel. 	
Mar 21 2004	Not that great	This particular Westin is neither well-managed nor spacious. The rooms are small, the bathroom is nothing special, and since the restaurant is under construction, there is no place to eat in the hotel. Generally, I book a room on the telephone, but this time I booked on the Westin website which promptly charged my credit card for three nights rather than my requested two nights. The manager was less than helpful and refused to refund the extra night. Are all Westins this poorly managed? Avoid this Westin if at all possible. There are many other better hotels in Chicago.	
Mar 13 2004	Great except for the Breakfast	Stayed in Jan 04. Former member of a Japanese hotel chain, which is still visible throughout the hotel. Big rooms with in-room LAN. Great bed. Breakfast is expensive and disappointing. Friendly staff.	
Feb 18 2004	Rough Start but a Wonderful Ending	We stayed here for Valentine's Day. We booked the room through Hotwire, and we called the hotel directly to place requests. When we called the hotel staff promised we would have several requests, but specifically a king sized bed. When we called on Valentine's Day to confirm our reservations they informed us that since we had booked with Hotwire our requests were not going to be honored since they had sold the king size rooms to full price paying customers. In fact they were quite rude. The general manager returned our call two days later and he is mailing us a certificate for a king room, with all our requests, at the price we payed on Hotwire. He was apologetic and professional. Despite this inconvenience our experience at the actual hotel was wonderful. Everyone was friendly and responsible. Our two full bed room was clean and comfortable. The bar in the hotel is right off of the check-in. It has comfortable, clean, and modern couch-like seating. The drinks are reasonable, and it was a great place to people whatch. I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 3 2003	GREAT BEDS!!		
Sep 24 2003	Best night's sleep in town!		
Aug 17 2003	Breakaway Offer		
Jul 8 2003	Amazing Heavenly Beds!		
Jul 3 2003	My new home in Chicago!!		
Jul 2 2003	Not bad at all		
May 28 2003	A break from the wind		
May 12 2003	Awesome experience!!		
Jan 5 2003	a classy joint		
Oct 30 2002	Very nice But?????		
Jun 7 2009 	???????????????		
