	Classy and Comfortable.	The rooms are clean, comfortable, and very quiet and have large working desks and a spacious bathroom with separate stall shower and toilet area (much like what you find at a Ritz Carlton). Highly recommend for business travelers--central location and rooms are very conducive to working. For leisure travelers, the hotel is connected to the Nordstrom mall and central to all tourist spots. And, love those Conrad slippers!	
	Great location for weekend getaway	My husband and I stayed at the Conrad for three nights following our wedding as a sort of &quot;mini-moon&quot; before our real honeymoon in November. We only live 2 hours away from Chicago, so we've stayed at many other hotels downtown in the past, but we wanted something a little different and more special after our wedding. The Conrad was perfect---the location is great for walking everywhere, it has a more intimate feel, and has a great rooftop bar to get swanky drinks at before dinner. We drove and got a tip from the bellman that parking across the street by Nordstroms was cheaper than their valet parking. We didn't have to drive or take a cab the whole three days, as everything we wanted to go to was within reasonable walking distance. We definitely plan on coming back for future anniversaries and weekend trips.	
Nov 22 2009 	A Plus Hotel Conrads Never Disappoint	This is a superb hotel. The rooms are huge, including a luxurious bathroom. It is clean and service is first rate. Breakfast was excellent (and complimentary for Hilton Honors members). Hotel is in a good location, and is connected to a mall, which I imagine would be a great asset in the Chicago winter. Next time I go to Chicago, I will stay here for sure.	
Nov 10 2009 	Conrad Chicago is a very good choice	We recently returned from a two night stay at this hotel, as we were in town for a college visit with our son. The hotel itself is beautifully furnished. Everything was extremely clean. The staff at this hotel could not have been any nicer. Every person we encountered went out of their way to answer our questions and help in any way possible. We had a deluxe room with two double beds. The only drawback at all was that the beds had pillowtop mattresses that tended to dip down on the edge so that you had to try to sleep more towards the middle or it felt like you were rolling off the ede of the bed. If both people were rather large, it could be a little uncomfortable. The pillows were comfortable and they give you a lot of them. The TV was just great - a flat screen that was at least 42&quot; or maybe more, and the BOSE sound system was awesome. The bathroom was spacious with separate spaces for the toilet and sink areas. The location of this hotel can't be beat. It's right in the heart of everything and was very convenient for shopping, sightseeing and restaurants. We were very pleased with the Conrad and I would definitely recommend it.	
Nov 7 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Great Location	I just returned from a six day business trip in Chicago and stayed at the Conrad Hotel. Attached to Nordstrom, it's the perfect location. The staff were wonderful. Very kind and extremely professional. I enjoyed the peaceful nights and the pillow menu (a must). I loved the complimentary slippers and bottled water, especially after working all day. Great for business, but I wouldn't recommend it for families with little kids. This hotel is now on my favorites list. You won't be disappointed.	
Nov 6 2009 	Wonderful hotel!	The Conrad was everything I expected and more. The staff were all friendly, efficient and professional. Rooms were new, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and the soaking tub a nice end to a chilly day in the city. The bed was extremely comfortable and the pillow menu - great! I tried the Relaxation pillow and loved it! It is rare to find a luxury hotel that does not charge for internet access - good job Conrad!	
Oct 25 2009 	Wondeful hotel - outstanding - would highly recommend	I had the pleasure of staying at the Conrad Chicago for a few days during October 2009, while on a business trip with some colleagues and clients. Let me first stay that I've stayed at other Chicago properties (Westin, W, Allegro) and this hotel was far and above the others. The rooms and bathrooms were significantly larger than those at comparable hotels, and the finish-out of the room was wonderful.My room had a large 46 or 52&quot; LCD TV, a Bose stereo system (with separate subwoofer), and alarm clock with iPod connection, separate bath &amp; shower, and a wall-sized window of the city - truly excellent.The other nice thing was that high-speed internet and health club access was complimentary - something that a lot of other properties charge for. I would absolutely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Oct 23 2009 	A perfect stay	The Conrad has it all. What more can be said? From the quiet atmosphere, to the rooftop lounge, to the large rooms our stay was top-notch. Even better, they'll validate your parking for a discount which, when compared to other hotels, is a raging bargain. Make sure to ask about it at the front desk. Also, another tip would be to use the elevators (that I think) face Rush St. Using the one inside the shopping center can take a long time.I got a deal for my stay at the Conrad this summer, but would be willing to pay full price next time! I highly recommend the Conrad, it's light-years beyond the nearby InterContinenal.	
Oct 22 2009 	IT WAS A VERY RELAXING ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE.	The Service was great. Upon arrival we were greeted at the entrance with lots of help with luggage. There was no wait at the check-in desk with plenty of pleasant service.  There were 3 of us staying overnight; we had 2 Double beds. The room was very comfortable with a big screen TV, plenty of storage, and large shower and separate commode area. It was very up-to-date. The Concierge gave us great information to sights and shopping. Thumbs up to this hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent Stay	Rooms were VERY clean and nice. I had some street noise problems during the night, but I am a light sleeper. The staff was very nice, formal, and helpful. I would definitely stay again. I appreciated the connection to the small mall with the LEGO store.	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice and quiet	Nice and quiet place to stay. Great rate from the internet, and central location	
Oct 10 2009 	Conrad Hotel--great property!	Beautiful new rooms renovation, excellent service, very friendly staff. I would stay there again in a minute. Great job Hilton!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Quiet luxury in great location	We stayed at the Conrad for 2 nights for a friends reunion. The room was clean and new feeling, nice city view, free bottled water in room upon arrival. Check in was a breeze, and our room was ready even though we were several hours early. All staff was friendly and helpful, excellent breakfast.	
Oct 8 2009 	What a City Hotel Should Be	The Conrad has everything a city hotel should have. Great location in downtown Chicago, a roof top bar and lounge, wonderful room and the most comfortable beds and very pleasant service. You couldn't ask for more.	
Oct 5 2009 	Comfortable Well-run and Convenient	Just returned from a long weekend in Chicago at the Conrad. We tried to use TripAdvisor to help us choose a Hilton property for our stay. I think the Conrad was the right choice and would concur with the positive reviews by others. The room was very attractive, spacious, and modern. The service was superb. We ate in the restaurant every morning and it went quite well. We tried the bar, including an afternoon tea, and the staff did a super job. The Conrad is actually part of a shopping mall anchored by Nordstrom's, so if shopping is your interest, Nordstrom's and the Miracle mile is at your doorstep. For us, we preferred to take the river architecture tour and see the other sites. The departure for the river tour was two blocks away, the red line subway (for Wrigley) was also two blocks away. We would certainly stay here again.	
Oct 1 2009 	Wonderful Hotel -- Would Definitely Stay There Again	The Conrad was wonderful. I used my Hilton points to stay for one night before I had to check out the following day and go across the street to the Chicago Marriott where my conference was being held. I much preferred the Conrad over the Marriott. The king-bed room I had was huge and had great amenities. It had those great snuggly robes and slippers for guest's use. I especially enjoyed using the immaculately clean soaking tub (which was right next to the glassed in shower) after an afternoon of bike riding along Lake Michigan. The room was very clean upon arrival. It had a large desk, comfortable lounge chair and ottoman, a very large flat screen t.v., bose sound system, a DVD player and an alarm clock/docking station next to the bed for your Ipod. I was on a lower floor (6th) and occasionally you could hear the El train rumble by, but I only noticed it occasionally when I was awake (did not bother my sleep at all). It is in a great location. I didn't try any of the restaurants in the hotel so I can't comment on those. The fitness center was adequate. It had less cardio eqiupment than I thought it would for a hotel that size (I think 8-9 pieces?) and their weight equipment could use some updating. All in all a great stay and I would definitely book into this hotel again.	
Oct 1 2009	Worth every penny... (wheelchair guest)	I just got back from a week in Chicago. We had our yearly &quot;girls vacation&quot;......Mom, my sister and I. My mom being in a wheelchair, required my search for a hotel to be very thorough and a bit demanding. We wanted GREAT location, 5 star category, and spacious wheelchair accesible rooms with a Walk-In shower. I was suprised to find out that one should NOT asume that a 5 star hotel will have these types of rooms. Some just don't (Westin). We got a great deal ($220-$240 a night). Eventhough the rate didn't include any meals at all, we all agreed that it was worth every penny. The service was wonderful, beginning with Bell Boys, then Front Desk, Then restaurant Staff (great food by the way), the housekeeping staff...just about anyone I can remember was courteus, very considerate with my mom ( and us) The concierge gave is good tips on where to Dine (for all budgets) and the best recomendation was the Architectural River Tour (Chicago Line). We saw other companies offered it, which mostly departed from Navy Pier, but this one has it's harbor on a separate location. The boats were better, the guide was awesome, and the price included Starbucks coffee, muffins and cookies.Make sure to take a cap or hat and sunblock, since the 90 min tour is on a completely uncovered deck, so you can appreciate the buildings.The rooms were much larger than your average double room. Eventhough I was hoping for 2 queen beds, we got 2 full size beds. The bathroom was extremely acomodating, we were able to actually &quot;wheel&quot; my mom into the shower...which had a fold-in bench for her to sit on, hooked to the wall (VERY convenient).We had room service twice, when my sister could not get her body moving without her coffee. The actually send you the french press and press it right there, so the coffee is as fresh as can be.They have a very lively bar by the main lobby, which is mostly populated by business collegues (this is not your typical family friendly hotel). On the same floor , a beautiful Terrace overlooking downtown Chicago (Main Lobby is on the 5th floor) with a limited but very creative menu offering a variety of &quot;tapa-like&quot; appetizers that range from asian cuisine to eclectic dishes that were nothing but exquisite. We tried The Terrace once too, and we left very satisfied both with the amount of food and the quality/taste.Considering it is a 5 star hotel, the prices on the menus (Main Restaurant inside, Terrace and the Bar) are considerably high. You can have a delicious breakfast consisting of eggs / omelette , toast, juice &amp; coffee which will be in the neighborhood of the 25 - 30 dlls.The PLUS of this hotel is, ...if you don't want to spend all of your per diem on meals, COSI is right across the street where they have 2 or 3 VERY decent choices for breakfats, Quiche, Croissants and excellent coffee.We also discovered (halfway through our stay!) that there is a passage that connects the hotel directly to a mall, where NORDSTROMS is, and in it, the Nordstroms Cafe, which will serve you a very good breakfast (simple fruit or bagel or as complex as a delicious Veggie Omelette) for aprox. $10.00So...you have all the choices right there.The location is another plus. It is within walking distance of the best Malls, Miracle Mile, Navy Pier (which I do not recommend unless you like shopping for &quot;I Love Chicago&quot; T-Shirts and Key Rings), a dozen or more of the best restaurants in downtown Chicago, and many more attractions. A cab ride to the financial district or the Theatre Disctrict is no longer than 10 minutes, and will cost you around $5 - $7 dlls at the most.I am an extremely light sleeper and I can asure anyone that the rooms are soundproof and they start on the 5th floor, so all the rooms are quite far from the street noises.The only one thing we complained about was the extremely cold temperature they keep the lobby and hallways at (around 55 - 60 F) and the bath towels (to thin and rough).I will be writing a separate review for the points of interest, with comments on Wheelchair accesibility, surrounding neighborhoods , dining and museums.We would definatelly go back to this hotel. I hope this is helpful!	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent Staff - Wonderful Suite with Michigan Ave View	Our trip was a combo business/pleasure event with my daughter and her friend. We arrived early in the day before check-in with the knowledge we would shop and return to the hotel later in the day. Our luggage was held and was conveniently in our room when we returned. Our corner suite had the best view looking North on Michigan Ave. You could see all the way to the lake. The suite's living room/dining area was huge and well appointed. The next day several of us were able to meet and had plenty of room to work at the table. Light filled the room from all the windowsWe used the terrace bistro for cocktails one evening and lunch the next. The food and drinks were very good. They are served tapas' style. The atmosphere was delightful. I'm not a breakfast person but my daughter and friend raved about the omelets in the main restaurant. The automatic coffee maker in the room provided a good cup of coffee.The Concierge was attentive and made several good restaurant suggestions as well advice about the different river cruises. Overall the staff was excellent. We had very good service from everyone.Unfortunately, the Conrad like more and more hotels has the new type of mini fridge with sensors which automatically charge an item to the room if it is moved even slightly from where it is placed in the fridge. So unless you buy their items the mini fridge is useless to the average traveler. Personal items such as medicines can not be stored.All in all an excellent hotel with good service.	
Sep 18 2009 	Beautiful Hotel if You Can Afford It	Beautiful hotel that I would not stay at under normal conditons cause it is SO expensive but we had a deal that worked for 3 of us sharing. The decor was fantastic, Bose stereo system, beautiful bathroom, plush linens etc.Hotel was well located in Chicago to get around to everything and in fact is adjacent/attached to a very nice MI. Avenue mall. No breakfast was included in our rate and we were so busy in town we did not use most of the services in the hotel so I cannot comment on these. But location and plushness of this hotel made it a wonderful stay for us.	
Sep 18 2009 	Favorite hotel in the city!	To start with the Conrad is a wonderful hotel in a great location near everything that makes downtown Chicago great. Okay it’s not cheap (I just paid $248 per night which is awesome for that property), valet parking is not cheap but the hotel makes up for it with its great staff, wonderful service, and fantastic terrace bar. I travel 150+ nights per year and always look forward to my stays at the Conrad. PS the beds are super comfortable and it was a very quiet during my stay.	
Sep 17 2009 	EVerything was great until....	I got a bill for $285 because they side I cleaned out the mini-bar. Every last thing. ABSOLUTELY ABSURD!I didn't even know where the mini-bar was in the room! After calling to dispute the charges, they said they wouldn't reverse it. I'm very well traveled and I've never had such an absurd accusation. I'd stay away from this hotel.	
Sep 12 2009 	5 * Beyond our Expectations	We have just returned from 4 nights at the Conrad Chicago, everthing about the hotel was excellent. Wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class. Great view from our room. The hotels location is great, right in the centre of the magnificent mile. A wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the Conrad.	
Sep 10 2009 	Loved It!	We stayed at the Conrad for our first trip to Chicago from the UK and loved the hotel. Having been to NYC many times the room was enormous compared to the tiny ones there. We'd been travelling for 16 hrs by the time we arrived and reception staff we lovely to us. The room was more than what I needed and the bathroom was heavenly. The only complaints I have are petty ones. There aren't too many bars nearby which meant that you couldn't nip out for a couple of drinks for an hour or so at teatime. Secondly I need coffee when I wake up! I know there is complimentary coffee in the bar til 8am but I was on hols and deserved a lie in. Finally, the turndown service left the radio on super loud. On the 3rd night we left a note asking for it to be left off. I didn't mind but I felt bad for the room next door. There are very few hotels I have stayed at that I'd give 5/5 for but this is one of them.	
Sep 9 2009 	EVERYTHING THAT GLITTERS IS NOT GOLD	My husband and I decided to go to the Conrad for our anniversary, After a lot of looking we decided on the Conrad for our three day stay. First of all we were not informed about the extra hundred dollar a day policy until we called to check on our reservations. The parking fees are wat to expensive!!! The room was very nice and clean, however, everything else was horrible. Room sevice sucked, I ordered a soda with my meal and I kid you not, it took them twenty four hours to get it to me. My husband called three times finally asking to speak with the manager. He informed us that my soft drink would be up with my next meal, well, I ordered lunch the next dat and still no soda!!! My husband called again and the manager stated that he would have the soda up to me if he had to walk over to the restaurant and get it him self. To my amazement I finally had my soda after twenty four hours of waiting. Needless to say, For the rest of my staff I refused to order anything else from the hotel. One the first day my husband and I decided to take a nap when we heard someone tugging on or room door, I was so scared. It was a staff person trying to get into the room. She never identified herself until my husband ask who she was. This person was very rude and I was very angry. She finally informed us that she was there to check the mini bar. We called and spoke to the manager and he assured us that he would talk to this person. We had to call down to the front desk to have them remind room service to come to our room to take all the dishes away. When the staff person got there she still left some dirty dishes in the room. Upon us leaving I decided to fill out that how was your stay cards, I also sent a letter to the general manager of the hotel.It's been almost four weeks since our stay and I still have not heard anything! For all the money we spent at the Conrad you would think the service would be a lot better. With all the problems we had to deal with it kind of took away from our eleven year anniversary.	
Sep 4 2009 	Good choice in Chicago!	I'm a tourist travelling around the world. I stayed here with a friend back in february this year and I really liked this hotel. The room is very nice and the staff is really friendly. Nothing to complain about at all. It's not totally luxury but it's perfect for a tourist to explore Chicago or for Business travellers.	
Aug 22 2009 	Very good business hotel in downtown Chicago	There aren't very many Conrad hotels in the USA and that is honestly a shame as they are very valid competition to the other high end hotels of other chains (i.e. JW Marriott, Westin, etc.). This particular hotel is a very fine business hotel. I was upgraded to a Jr. Suite, which is basically one large room in a sort of L shape. By big city standards my room was huge, complete with a Bose 321 DVD system and high def TV WITH HD programming. The bathroom was also a highlight as it was huge and had a large walk in shower in addition to a big tub. The Conrad Chicago has a very unique service (no additoinal charge) as they present you with a &quot;pillow menu&quot;. I choose several different pillows (relaxation, clod and flu and magnetic) and they were cool. The magnetic probably the worst of the lot but the relaxation was wonderful.Their location is terrific. It is one block off Michigan Ave and on Rush very near to Ontario. It is connected to a mall (by big city standards). You can easily walk to the Loop. There are a ton of restaurants within walking distance as well.The valet parking is a rip off though as it is $51/night. There are cheaper parking alternatives in the neighborhood. Thankfully I work for a company that is OK with that sort of parking expense so it was more convenient to park at the hotel.They have a little outdoor bistro type restaurant on the fifth floor. It is in a great setting and the food is terrific. I would highly recommend it.	
Aug 18 2009 	Faux Art Deco?	Despite being a longtime Hilton visitor, this was the first time I have stayed in a Conrad. Because of a number of meetings and a private dining requirement, I was booked into a suite on the 17th floor. The room was very spacious with all the facilities necessary and the service from friendly check-in to waiters and concierge could not be faulted. It was and expensive stay but the value for money was there...a big tick in my box.Try as I might, I couldn't work out how old the hotel was. There was a definite art deco feel to everything with the main colour being sort of beige. The lifts (elevators) were straight out of Gotham City and appeared to be designed to give out as little possible interior light as indeed were most of the public areas. I'm still not sure whether the hotel was designed as a &quot;1930's Experience&quot; or if indeed it was from the 1930's...In any event, most impressed and would certainly visit again if on business...if not with the assistance of night vision goggles.	
Aug 16 2009 	Clean 	My birthday wish this year was to visit the city of Chicago. I always check out TripAdvisor before I book any hotels, but my friend suggested the Conrad Chicago. We paid extra for a city view (about $50.00 more a night) which was a waste of money. Don't pay extra for a city view.The hotel was very clean and the staff extremely helpful. It was very quiet inside the hotel, but we could hear the traffic noise from the roads. We were on the 7th floor.The bed was extremely comfortable. I have read on TripAdvisor before that the towels at the Conrad are not very soft. True!!! They are very rough actually. They should invest in some new towels. Loved the shower gel and lotion they provided!My friend suggested to eat at the hotel restaurant for breakfast. The food is overpriced and it wasn't very tasty. My suggestion: spend your money elsewhere. There are plenty of Starbucks around the city. Yum!I would definitely stay at the Conrad Chicago again. It was a very pleasant and relaxing experience.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great for Adults 	I'm from a big city and this summer my family decided to take a trip to visit another big city-Chicago. We really went to see our team play at Wrigley Field. Having heard great things about the city itself, we were uncertain where to stay. After reading reviews and looking at hotel websites directly, we dedided on the Conrad. We got a decent rate directly through the hotel website. It was comparable to other hotels in the area of the same class. Transportation really depends on how familiar you are with Chicago or your preferences. We decided not to rent a car because the traffic is horrific and the parking at the hotel can cost as much as $51 a day. We took the orange line from the airport to a stop near the hotel. Since we had luggage, we decided to then take a taxi cab for the last few blocks to the hotel. Once there, we had no problems checking in, although I must say that the staff at the front desk wasn't friendly. The hotel lobby and our room looked exactly like it did on their website, which was nice. It's very clean, neat, and well maintained. The bathroom was large and well lit. The flat screen TV was accompanied by a Bose sound system, which my family enjoyed. We had nightly turn down service, which was a nice touch. The beds were decent. I've slept in better and in worse. Since it is a large city, the views from the hotel weren't anything special. We were surrounded by office buildings. We mainly kept our curtains closed. We had drinks and a late night snack at the outside terrace restaurant. It's comfortable out there with the bar, plants, and patio furniture (including couches and throw pillows). The food and drinks were average in quality, but a little high in price. Three drinks and a chocolate fondue cost us $70. We also ate room service for breakfast one morning. The service was very prompt, which was impressive. The food was average at best. I probably wouldn't order it again. Breakfast can run $30-$40 per person. We live in a major city and are used to semi-high prices, but this seemed high to us. While the hotel is nice and centrally located to many area attractions, the hotel absolutely caters to business class travelers. If/when I return to Chicago, I'll most likely stay at another hotel. Although I've stayed in a few 4 and 5 star hotels, I just didn't feel comfortable or welcomed at this hotel. The nicest people at the hotel were the bellmen.	
Jul 26 2009 	A Great Hotel	I recently stayed at Conrad Chicago for the first time. I was attending a conference at the Marriott across the street. I'm glad I stayed at Conrad instead. The facilities are very well maintained. The service is great. As long as it is possible to find a good rate, I would not mind staying there again.	
Jul 25 2009 	disgusting room service	Do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room, that was supposed to be ready, with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used?what about when they left the towel for the floor (the foot towel) to dry my face? what about the slippers that, although being still in the bag, had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage (all over the room, de facto).i didn't realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her.shame on us, actually!	
Jul 17 2009 	First time at Conrad - awesome!	This was a great hotel and completely worth what we paid for it, considering it really wasn't that much more expensive than lower-end hotels in the area. Great service, clean/large rooms, excellent location and a really cool restaurant. Will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 15 2009 	First stay at the Conrad	My only other experience of a Conrad was at the one in Dublin about 10 years ago or so. The Chicago facility was a pleasant reminder of just what a fine product the Conrad brand is. Location was excellent, decor subdued and tasteful, service friendly and (generally) helpful. My only complaint was that the staff did not seem terribly responsive to my noting that the lock on the door of my room seemed defective. Someone was apparently sent to look at it, but I never received any feedback explaining the problem or why it was not fixed.	
Jul 14 2009 	Happy Traveler	My husband and I recently took a trip to Chicago for a little fun and sightseeing. We booked the Conrad for a great rate on Expedia the week prior to the trip, and I cannot tell you how pleased I was with this sight-unseen hotel. It’s tucked away off of Rush St – just a block off Michigan Ave. – so you are within steps of the Miracle Mile but offset just enough to stay quiet and un-crowded. We parked our car (self park for $31/day because valet was a whopping $51/day) and were able to walk – or take a short cab ride – to everything we wanted to see/do. As for the rooms, they are very well-appointed… spotless, modern, comfortable bed and linens, awesome bathroom, and a HUGE flat screen TV with premium channels. Not much of a view, but the other amenities more than made up for that. The only minor setbacks were the towels (rough and not what you would expect of such a nice hotel) and we must have been adjacent to ducting of some sort because we could hear occasional knocks and pings in the wall. Housekeeping did an excellent job cleaning and everyone from the valet to the concierge was extremely congenial and helpful. In fact, we enjoyed our stay so much we ended up staying in and ordering room service our last night, which we were also very pleased with. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 8 2009 	Immaculate hotel	This hotel was awesome. The rooms and bathrooms were awesome. The hotel had a cool bar but I never grabbed a drink there. The front desk was always very friendly and helpful. The hotel was in a great location- just one block from all the shops on Michigan Ave. I used points for my 2 night weekend stay but would definitely spend the money to stay there again because I'm sure any other nearby hotels, like the Marriott, would be a big let down.	
Jul 5 2009 	Perfect place in Chicago	Fantastic location on magnificent mile. The Conrad connects to the Nordstrom mall. Everyone we came into contact with from the bellman to the Concierge were top notch professionals. The rooms were luxurious and spotless. Great flatscreen TV. If I had to find one thing that was not absolutely perfect it would be the mattress. The linens and pillows were great, but the mattress was not the best. The pillow menu was fun. The rooftop terrace was lovely and was the place to be in the evening. Free high speed internet.	
Jul 2 2009 	Terrible service and I didn't even get there	I have called their sales department THREE times, and have gotten voice mail every time, and no return call, over a period of two weeks. I was hoping to stay in a Terrace suite, which I was told by reservations, (and the number was given to me by the reservationist,) have to be booked over the phone, not online. After three messages left, and no response, I can only assume they don't need my business. I'm surprised at such rude treatment at what I thought was a nice establishment.	
Jun 16 2009 	Very nice	My three sons and I decided to spend 2009 Easter weekend in Chicago and ended up at Conrad Hilton. Great price through Hotwire. The room was clean, big, quiet. The lobby was up a few floors (5?) and this made it very private. Small hotel, small bar area, one restaurant that I saw. Excellent location and connected by skyway/elevator to some seriously good shopping. I wish they would have had a computer available in lobby for confirming and printing airline departure tix. Coffee in the morning in the bar. If you want more, you can order it from adjoining restaurant.	
Jun 9 2009 	Perfect location on the Miracle Mile and joined to Nordstrom Mall	The hotel room was elegant, quiet, and had a nice view. The location on the Miracle Mile near the Chicago River was perfect for shopping and dining. There was a Grand Lux 1 block away, and 2 Starbuck's within 100 yards. They had terrycloth robes in the rooms and a very spacious bathroom with separate shower and tub. The T.V. was a huge H.D. with a Bose sound system and was better than I have at home. The high-speed wireless connection in the room was the fastest I've ever seen. Another plus was that outside the hotel was a free trolley to the Navy Pier. The hotel was totally quiet, friendly, and I got a very good deal by paying in advance. I'll definitely be back.	
Jun 9 2009 	like being a President - a diamond member's treat	we booked this as HiltonHonors (diamond) reward stay, and we were extremely pleasantly surprised that - because all executive rooms were booked - they double or triple upgraded us to the Presidential Suite !!! WOW. what a suite it was indeed. Location of hotel also excellent; lot's of stuff at walking distance. Parking indeed expensive, but it's expensive everywhere downtown chicago. Breakfast was - although the food itself was great - the only poor point of this hotel: it seemed disorganised and there was constantly a line of people &quot;wating to be seated&quot; although there were empty seats abundantly available; one person taking care of that and she did other things in between as well; also we had to wait like 20 minutes for our coffee and then it came twice; i.e. don't go for breakfast if you are in a hurry. But again, this is truly a great hotel and next time we'll go there again, also as paying customer!	
Jun 9 2009 	Great central location close to everything	I really enjoyed my stay. I walked to shops and fun Chicago eateries and didn't need to spend lots of money on transportation. The rooms are luxurious and classy.	
May 26 2009 	Great location especially for shopping Michigan Ave.	Some of the negatives of the Conrad are also things that make it nice. By this I mean that it's right smack in the middle of all of the Michgan Ave. shopping action, but it's a little hard to find if you are driving---which makes for a quiet stay---no busy lobby or packed bar. Just classy, upscale elegance. Like the property itself, the rooms are decorated nicely, but on the small side. We had a standard room, which had a view of a nearby office building. If you want to see the lake, you'll need to spring for one of the more expensive rooms and make sure you tell the check in person that you desire a good view. The food in the restaurant is good and the service is too, though breakfast can be a little pricey. Try the cheeseburger from room service. You won't be disappointed.The hotel is connected by elevator to the adjacent mall. The elevator drops you right next to the entrance to Nordstroms. Again, if you are walking to the hotel, it can be a little hard to find. If you are looking for a quiet luxury hotel just steps from great shopping, then this is it.	
May 26 2009 	OK Stay	Hotel was very nice, and in a nice location. The room was fairly clean except for a robe in the closet that had red stains on the inside of it, and in the desk drawer there was a comment card left from 4 months prior! I guess the housekeeper did not clean nor look at the drawer since! The front desk service was average.	
May 26 2009 	Great Hotel! Not as kid friendly as I thought.	I booked this hotel under after reading a website that said that the Conrad was one of the most kid friendly hotels in Chicago. It stated that they greeted the kids with cotton candy at check-in and gave them an age appropriate toy. My other deciding factor was the fact that they had a DVD player in each room. I have a 3 year old daughter and she likes to watch &quot;The Incredibles&quot; each night before going to bed. Well, I have to say that the hotel was absolutely beautiful, but there was no cotton candy or toy greeting my daughter at check-in. Oh well, it was not a deal breaker by any means, but I did expect it to be more kid friendly. We actually didn't see any children the entire time we were there. It didn't matter to us, but they also don't have a pool, which could be a downer for those that want one. The room was great, the staff was very helpful and friendly, and the location was right-on! The room was nice and spacious and I didn't hear a peep from anyone the entire 3 nights. I thought that we were the only ones there it was so quiet! If you are looking for a more kid friendly hotel, spend a little extra and go the to the Ritz-Carlton. There is an excellant playground right across the street for them to get some energy out. And from what I hear, they have a cookies and milk turndown service. Don't get me wrong, I would totally book the Conrad again if it was just my husband and I, but I don't know if I would book again for the 3 of us.	
May 25 2009 	what's not to love	The location is fab...right next to Nordstrom (my mothership...) The staff is lovely and the rooms are comfy and inviting. Cool, relaxing colors and cushy furniture..Love the deep soaking tub. Ridiculously great burgers from Room Service (doing a personal survey of best RS burgers) and the Conrad is in my top 3...Nothing beats a midnight burger in your jammies! We've stayed here at least 6x and never had a bump...good views, great staff, zero problems. GET HERE NOW! We're coming back in Nov for the MAGMILE LIGHT FESTIVAL and with our corner suite we'll have a perfect view of the Parade. We booked early and got asuper rate. Skip the in-house restaurant, go across the street to COSI for great coffee and breakfast :)	
May 18 2009	Chicago Conrad-Everything as expected	I stayed here with my son on the weekend of May 16th. Check-in was quick and very pleasant.My room was on the 6th floor,cityview. Both of our rooms were identical. The entryway to the room was spacious. The room had a large (50&quot;?)flatscreen TV, desk with comfortable leather chair, easy chair with ottoman and a dresser with 3 drawers for storage. For the life of me, I cannot understand why this hotel does not have wifi, just old fashioned wire hookup.There was a good sized closet equipped with a large Conrad shopping bag to carry home your souvenirs. The closet was also eqipped with slippers, cloth laundry bags and an umbrella for use during inclement weather. Because of the hotels proximity to a firehouse, the area can be loud at times I never did hear anything from other rooms or hallways the 2 nights I stayed and there was a convention in town, so I was quite impressed with the quietness. The bathroom was &quot;Kohler&quot; branded with luxurious marble countertops and floors, a tub, and glass enclosed shower. Toiletries were Italian, but also included Q-tips, flossing sticks, mouthwash and a toothbrush with a very small tube of Colgate toothpaste included. The toilet was seperated by a door from the bathroom. The towels were very thin and worn as mentioned by others. The hotel had a bar with around 12 barstools and tables and easy chairs to accomodate another 28-30 patrons. There were more tables and easy chairs in the area surrounding the lounge entrance. The bartender and his assistant were very good at their jobs and pleasant to boot. I only used the restaurant for breakfast. I was given vouchers for a free Continental breakfast. The vouchers were worth $14.00 and could be used as credit for any item on the menu. I opted for the American breakfast which consisted of eggs, potatoes, a meat item, toast, juice and coffee or tea. The price was $19.00. The portions were on the small side and I would have definitely opted for another restaurant if I didn't have the vouchers. Onlike some other comments about the staff, I was very happy with the service I received from my waiter and waitress.  The hotel itself is in a great area for shopping, and a 20 minute walk to the waterfront. It is also a 5 minute walk to the C.T.A. Redline, which is great for traveling to the friendly confines of Wrigley Field or connecting to other train lines. My ride coming into the city from ORD on Friday evening was about a 35 minute ride and $45.00 +tip. On Sunday morning, the ride took about 25 minutes and cost me $36.00 + tip. Having Diamond status in the Hilton Honors program, the only thing I was slightly disappointed about was the lack of an executive lounge. But I knew this going in. Overall, the hotel was everything I expected.  Because of the lack of an executive lounge, I will probably try the Drake Hotel the next time I am in Chicago.	
May 18 2009 	Very solid experience	I have stayed at the Conrad Hotel a few times, for both business and leisure. This trip, in May, 2009, was for leisure (a long weekend in Chicago). Given that I keep returning, I obviously like the hotel. The rooms are well-appointed, the decor is on the luxe end without being ostentatious, the fitness center is awesome, and the location -- right on Michigan Avenue, with the car entrance on Rush -- cannot be beat for easy access to downtown Chicago and beyond (the subway is only a block away). This latest stay offered another solid experience.The hotel does position itself as a high-end property, and it mostly fits the bill. The concierge service is always excellent, and there are several thoughtful amenities [slippers, plush robes, fantastic AV in the room (including DVD &amp; CD player at no additional charge), huge bathrooms, luxe bathroom products, umbrella, complimentary shoe shine, fabric laundry bags, etc.]. The bell service is always very nice. The property seems to cater to an older, but not ancient, crowd, so it does feel like a retreat from the hustle and bustle of Michigan Ave., and because the hotel is smaller than most of the properties on Michigan, the lobby lacks some of the craziness of the big hotels. I think the only areas where the hotel misses the mark a bit are in some of the detail work other luxe properties (like Ritz and Four Seasons, which the hotel positions itself as competing against) get 100% correct. For instance, the ATM in the lobby wasn't reading cards, but the staff didn't know it; turndown service was forgotten in our room one night; the hotel's newsletter in our room, detailing movies shown on its terrace during the summer and fall, was very old and featuered the 2008, rather than 2009, schedule. Also, I attempted to order a simple room service breakfast one morning (some pastries and coffee), and I was told that the wait would be one hour because the kitchen was overwhelmed (I appreciated the honesty, but an hour for coffee and a croissant?). Most of my stays have been with a pretty great rate, so I haven't minded these small things, but if I was paying the rack rate for the hotel I'd been more sensitive to some of these things.Overall, this is a VERY nice hotel with a good (sometimes exceptional) staff and a fantastic location.	
May 9 2009 	Nice place - a little tired in places	Stayed 6 nights on business, with my wife. 8th floor room : neat enough , but some of the room fittings were a bit tired and in need of an update. Bathroom was better and up to 4 - 5 star standard. Wide screen TV OK. Towels were nasty, cheap and scratchy as correctly advised by another reviewer ! Hotel breakfast was poor value. Nearby delis and markets are your best bet ( Jewel Osco market and Fox &amp; Obel within walking distance). Fitness centre air con wasn't on when my wife used it at 0500 - had to request it. Good location on lower end of magnificent mile. Entry a bit weird through nordstom mall - if you have luggage , certainly enter via Nth Rush Street . BTW if you need real coffee try Lavazza cafe on E Ohio, and Bice restaurant on E Ontario for a good Italian meal.	
May 4 2009 	Intimate hotel in a nice location	This hotel is a pretty small one (for Chicago at least) and is in a nice location. The main entrance is on Rush street between Illinoins and Grand. The lobby is on level 5, from where you need to take another set of elevators to access the rooms. Sounds difficult, but it's really not. You can also get to the fifth floor lobby from Michigan, but then you need to go through the mall to access the elevator that takes you to Conrad. With luggage, that might be a bit difficult.This was my first stay at a Conrad hotel in the USA and my expectations were set pretty high since the Conrad hotels in Asia are excellent. As a HH Diamond member I usually get an upgrade and free breakfast. At this Conrad though it was a continental breakfast coupon, no upgrades or other perks which was somewhat disappointing.My room was on the higher floors, but was pretty much facing the wall of the nearby Marriott. Otherwise the room was nice. Beautiful décor, very clean, large in size and a good bathroom with separate toilet.I had trouble during my stay with the TV's HD channels, and since the staff was unable to fix the problem they gave me free access to the movie channels, with was a nice way to solve the issue.The only complaint that I have for this hotel is really the average service&amp;food at the restaurant during breakfast. I had twice breakfast at the Conrad, and both times the service was inattentive and slow. Food, as said, average. Very sad, since the other staff at the hotel were great.On my third morning I walked to the Sofitel's Café des Architects for breakfast (a nice 10-15 min walk) which was great. Service and food. Sofitel btw is a very nice hotel as well.Used the Fitness center twice. Lot's of space, but otherwise nothing special. All in all a good stay. The one thing they really need to improve though is the restaurant's breakfast service.	
Apr 30 2009 	Beautiful property amazing location!	Everything (but the minibar champagne) was amazing! The front desk staff allowed us to check in at 9am...9AM!!!!! without charging anything extra. The rooms were very nicely appointed and very clean! Large TV, Bose DVD surround stereo, bathrobes and slippers, separate soaking tub and stand-alone shower, huge desk, complimentary bottled water (rare these days) and not only did they grant our request for late checkout the next day, but they also held our bags for us until almost 7pm that night while we went shopping and out to dinner! There really is nothing I would change...except the champagne in the minibar was gross...too dry!	
Apr 29 2009 	excellent hotelgreat service and location	Just returned from Chicago, the stay at the Conrad was excellent. Good service from attentive staff, very nice room( upgraded to suite). Overall very nice certainly would stay there again.	
Apr 26 2009 	Modern room great location	I just left the Conrad Chicago and have nothing but good things to say. We used Hilton points to stay there but paid $35/night to upgrade to a junior suite. We were in room 1519. I would reccomend people ask for an odd numbered room so that they will have a view looking north on Michigan Ave.Our room was very modern with 2 large HD/flat panel tv and Bose 3 speaker sound system. 4 big windows that actually open. The bed lineds were very nice, the towels were OK. The room was clean and the bath room had a seperate shower and tub. Marble everywhere. Robes, slippers, etc. The work out room was good with different machines and some free weights. There are clean towels in the workout room too.We never ate in the hotel so I can't comment on the food or the prices. There is a Starbucks across the street (Michigan) and an Espresso bar attached to the Nordstrom that is on the ground floor of the hotel. It was very nice to have the little mall right under the hotel. The location of the hotel could not be better. We were walking distance to everything. Every kind of shopping or dinning experience you could possibly want was within 2 miles.Over all the hotel had a boutique feel to it even though it is part of the hilton chain.	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice hotel great location but needs refreshing	We were a work group and had a nice stay at the Conrad, but felt the rooms were a little tired. Not so much updating as a deeper claning. I know 2 of us were in suites, and they clearly had hosted some parties and one could really sort of feel that - hard to explain. Other than that - the staff was helpful and the prices were quite good. So all-in-all a very nice hotel.	
Apr 22 2009 	Nice but not spectacular	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend get-away. We arrived and our room wasn't ready. The manager bought us drinks out on the terrace bar and the room was prepared before we finished our first drink but he still paid for a second round.I was hobbling around on a broken leg during the trip and the staff was excellent. They made sure our room was close to the elevator. The concierge always took my condition into account when recommending &quot;walk&quot; vs &quot;cab.&quot;The terrace bar is fantastic. Great views and the fire pits are great on a cool fall evening.We only ate at the restaurant for breakfast and it was a disappointment. The food was sub-par and the service was slow. The wait staff would disappear for long periods of time. I actually had to track down our waitress to get our check. While the hotel is very nice, for my money, Hilton has better properties in Chicago.	
Apr 22 2009 	Lovely	First time in Chicago and we picked a great Hotel!Right in the centre of Michigan Ave, and a Mall attached to the Hotel. The Conrad is a 5* boutique Hotel, but the rooms are very large, Bathrooms are very clean and the staff are extremely friendly!.Will deffinately return as it was a wonderful experience.	
Apr 21 2009 	decent hotel	The towels seemed old and quite rough. The location is perfect. They are very skimpy when it comes to the bathroom amenities. Nice clean rooms. Very slow breakfast service. The best thing about the hotel would be the concierge desk with the most helpful staff.	
Apr 13 2009 	high quality big-box hotel	The Conrad is over a smart shopping mall just north of downtown, in the shopping district. It's a good quality hotel, with service to match - the staff are well-trained and friendly, and generally efficient. The check-in was helpful, the housekeeping and concierge staff dealt with some of my dumb questions with tact, and the bellboys did a good job with good grace.The room was large and well decorated. There was a huge TV with DVD player (and a good range of free-to-loan DVDs at the concierge desk), played through a small Bose sound system with CD capability. There was also an ipod player, which made my teenage daughter very happy. The beds were large and comfortable (maybe slightly soft, but for some that might be a plus), and the window opened (a little) so you can sleep in fresh air. The bathroom was large and well-lit. The internet worked well, on both LAN (hooray!) and wireless, and was free, which is increasingly and annoyingly rare in good hotels.So expectations were high! The negatives? No bathtub. I like to soak and read a book before I go to bed, especially on a leisure trip. Humph. No tea/coffee in the room - I like to be able to make tea when I travel, and carry my own supplies of my favourites... they went unused on this trip. And you have to take two elevators to get to street level as the lobby's on level 5, so &quot;just popping out&quot; for something is a more major exercise. Parking is in the public garage opposite, and even with a hotel discount it's expensive. But there were all, I guess, part of the hotel's service proposition, and it was, overall, a good one. I had two complaints that could have been better handled. First, on one of the days, housekeeping forgot to make up the room, and we had to remind them as we went out for dinner in the evening. Secondly, and more seriously, I need to keep hard copy of final bills for my tax records, and, for the first time EVER (I spend over 100 nights a year in hotels, and have done for years)... let me repeat, for the first time EVER - the front desk couldn't issue me a final bill - they asked my to call some 1800 number to get a copy sent! That didn't make it a bad stay, but it did make it an administratively inconvenient one.But generally, assuming you can get a good rate (we paid about US$250 for a twin-bed room), it is a good value, high quality hotel. It doesn't have the charm or &quot;special something&quot; of an independent hotel, but it's pretty good. Just don't expect a receipt...!	
Apr 13 2009 	Perfect for a family treat!	We had a schedule change and stayed one night instead of two. This was a WONDERFUL hotel! Most of the staff were polite and helpful. The lobby and rooms were spotless and beautiful. Our room was very comfortable- great bed,comfy chairs. Our daughter loved the bath and phone in the private restroom. Mary's Cafe had a reasonable and tasty breakfast.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Location - ok service	Stayed at the Conrad Chicago for 6 nights in March 2009 in a standard room. When we arrived we were upgraded to a &quot;city view&quot; room meaning that we got a room looking out over the roof of the Nordstrom department store - I am wondering what we would have looked at had we not been &quot;upgraded&quot;. The room was large with a king size bed, a very large bathroom, a small (but adequate) desk and a chair with a footrest. The room was overall very nice. It was absolutely big enough for 2 and had a nice, luxurious feeling to it. There was a 40&quot; or 42&quot; flatscreen - quite big (in a good way) as it was close to the bed. Unfortunately the HBO channels only worked a couple of nights.The location of Conrad Chicago is superb! Right on Michigan Avenue at the Nordstrom department store with plenty of good restaurants within 5-10 minutes walk. We only had breakfast at the hotel and this was an ambivalent experience. There was no buffet - instead everything was a la carte and the impression of the service was very different from day to day. The quality of food was excellent! But on some days it took 10 minutes for a waiter to make their way to us in a very small restaurant. Although not being native English speakers, I will claim that my English is far superior to that of some of the waiters. Being from Central or South America they spoke Spanish very well but English quite poorly. This resulted in some misunderstandings which are just irritating when staying in a 5-star hotel. But again - the quality of the food was exceptional!A special thanks to the concierge who assisted us in arranging a limo to pick us up after a galla we attended. Peter the concierge was attentive, quick and called me during the afternoon to confirm the limo reservation at night and tell me exactly where the driver would be waiting to pick us up.I would recommed the Conrad to change the service at breakfast into a buffet. Despite the food being excellent, it took the most of one hour to have breakfast each day which was borderline annoying. Apart from that the hotel was great and we would love to stay at the Conrad again next time we are in Chicago.	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent for someone who never cared for Hong Kong	I spent 2 night at Conrad Chicago for business and was impressed. This is place is really nice with all the things you want and need in a hotel. They even have an umbrella in the closet which proved very useful. For the HH members they offer a free breakfast that was a little disappointing; you have too choices, the pastry plate or the french toast plate. Both days I chose the pastry and it was good, but I would have preferred more choices, however, it was free so I am not complaining. The TV is excellent with lots of channels and HBO. The Internet is also free, which is nice. The room was large, clean and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom was great with tub and shower and really nice toiletries. The location is also great, next door to a mall and many restaurants. The hotel staff was very professional and accommodating. I will surely return.	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent for someone never been to a Conrad bad for those been to Conrad Hong Kong	Given I had just stayed at the Conrad Hong Kong two months ago, I understand not all Conrad are the same like Hilton, in this case, this particular Conrad property has a sharp contrast to others.For someone that is Hilton Gold or Diamond, this property definately does NOT worth the extra cost to stay, as you will get very basic treatment compare to Conrad Hong Kong. No exec. lounge is the first down side, plus you will only get a continental breakfest coupon. I know for a fact that even if Conrad Hong Kong has no exec. floor rooms available for upgrade, you will still get a buffet breakfest at the restaurant, but this does not apply to Conrad Chicago. I did however still manage an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a city view room. City View room is not much of a city view, basically it is the view looking north on rush street, most of the view is blocked by the next door Marriott, as it is much taller than Conrad, you only get some view on the left side for some residential and commercial buildings, no landmarks like Sears Tower or Water Tower. I would strongly suggest for those not to pay extra $40 for the city view room, not worth it at all.I found that my room is not that much different than a nicer Hilton, with the exception of large flat screen HDTV, comes with Bose surround sound. Bathroom is like other conrads, with separate tub and shower, plus another door to a separate toilet. I found that it is very odd for the deep tub, but very narrow, it would be a problem for a slightly bigger person to take a bath. Bath towels are really thin. Also there is no TV to watch while you are taking a bath like Conrad Hong Kong. Turn down service is available but missing all the little touches, no slippers put next to the bed, no chocolates, no fold out one corner of the comforter to invite you to bed. However, an extra two bottles of water were put on the night stand. The most important thing, missing the signature conrad toy ! I went downstairs and ask the front desk, it is a cow for Conrad Chicago, but it is only available on request, also no plastic duck next to the bath tub like in Conrad Hong Kong. Basically the only upside for this Conrad is even you are at the cheapest room, you will still get the upscale ACCA KAPPA bath amenities instead of in Conrad Hong Kong, unless you stay in exec.floor rooms, you will only get some unknown conrad brand bath products.The continental breakfest only consist of a croissant and two danish, no cold cuts. Even though it is suppose to come with juice and tea or coffee. I asked for a OJ, but no one ever come back if I want tea or coffer later.	
Mar 12 2009 	A good bet on the Mag Mile	I stayed at the Conrad Chicago for two nights during a business trip in March. This hotel is in a very convenient location above the North Bridge shopping complex, and is close to Michigan Ave. and the Loop.It's hard to find bad things about this hotel's accommodations, other than nit-picking that the towels were a bit rough! The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and quiet, the beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are clean with plenty of hot water.I did not try the hotel bar or restaurant, or the internet access (used my wireless broadband instead), so I can't comment to their value; but if you're simply looking for a base of operations for a business trip, this hotel is a very safe bet!	
Feb 28 2009 	Very Impressed	Took my fiance to the Conrad for a romantic weekend and was totally blow away by the level of service. First the Christmas decorations in the lobby were beautiful, worth hanging out in the lobby and starring at the christmas tree. Conceige made reservations for us at Brazass Steakhouse($$$$) which is a meatlovers dream. The room was very nice, large LCD tv, bose stereo and a hug soaking tube. We didn't get to order from the bath/pillow menu but I heard that is very good. The fitness center was up to date, very clean. I recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a true luxury getaway.	
Feb 20 2009 	As good as expected	I was fortunate to get an affordable rate at what must be one of Chicago's best hotels. The property is beautiful, well decorated &amp; appointed. I had an Executive King room with a city view. The view was looking north on Michigan Avenue. The room was very quiet and I could tell a difference when I opened the window for a bit- more street noise when the window was open. As far as housekeeping goes- impeccable. I only have one minor complaint- the towels were very thin and scratchy. Otherwise, luxurious and quiet and I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great Concierge Service at the Conrad Chicago!	I enjoy the city of Chicago for many reasons, but I’ve always had a difficult time finding a place to stay in the city. I’ve tried a variety of the supposed “luxury hotels” in the area over the years, with varying results ranging from mildly annoying to wildly disappointing.The Conrad Chicago embodies quite the opposite phenomenon. The hotel is piled to the roof with the most courteous staff, luxurious rooms and services, and lovely away-from-home amenities that make it a welcome (and welcoming) destination.I was fortunate to stay at the Conrad Chicago hotel last fall, on a “girls weekend,&quot; and found it to be an entirely refreshing change from the run of the mill luxury hotel experience I’ve had elsewhere. Regardless of size, the Conrad Chicago was very much like a boutique hotel- where every request was catered to thoroughly and efficiently. I never would have associated the Hilton name with such extraordinary luxury, based on my previous experience with the chain, until my stay at the Conrad Chicago.The member of the staff who deserves the highest praise, though, is Peter from the concierge desk. Through both travel and my work, I have dealt with, literally, dozens of different concierges in a wide array of settings and I have never encountered anyone more gracious, attentive, thorough, courteous, professional and accommodating than he is.Make no mistake- the differentiator in making our stay an extraordinary one was Peter. He was so key in our joy of experiencing Chicago- in helping us source event tickets, making recommendations and giving advice not only about the city of Chicago, but about the surrounding area and even other destinations we were continuing on to! His assistance proved invaluable during our stay (and beyond!) and made our Chicago experience one we will never, ever forget!I can most certainly guarantee that the next time I’m in Chicago, I will be staying at the Conrad Chicago.	
Jan 29 2009 	I Shall Return!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I stayed just one night at this Conrad during the AHR Expo. Like other Conrads I have stayed at, in Hong Kong and in Tokyo, the Chicago Conrad is as plush and sleek as you can get. I got the show rate, which is probably still more than what others have paid via several web sites. The location is superb, within easy walking distance of the many restaurants of the heart of Chicago's River District and Magnificent Mile behind it. It's prime real estate here and there is so much within a 5 minute walk. The room is sleek, modern and comfortable. The bed is a Serta, wish I remembered the model, with plush pillows, soft sheets and a warm comforter. I slept soundly, the most important aspect of a room. The room was vast, with a 42in. Philips LCD TV, Bose sound system, iPod clock radio, thoughtful work desk, and nice touches such a robe, slippers, and, and, and - free one day Internet!!! The hotel web site pictures are spot-on accurate.The bathroom is marvelous. Excellent toiletries, towels, HOT water and nice countertop accessories. It's chic luxury without the overpriced rate.The only hotel services I used was the concierge. I was with eight colleagues, and we wantend to dine at a very popular steak restaurant. Ken, the concierge, suggested it might be to crowded and suggested another. He called my first choice anyway, and he was put on hold for 5 minutes, after which i agreed to try his suggestion. He called and got us a table. We walked two blocks and met a man who was waiting for us. Ken was The Man who made our night!	
Jan 25 2009 	Very Nice Even at Twice the Price	This hotel was assigned to us for $95 a night ($115 after taxes) as the 4.5 star option on Hotwire. I would have been willing to pay twice as much for this room.We arrived at 10 and Olga at the front desk allowed us to check in 6 hours early. When we got into the room we were surprised by how large it was. The bathroom was even large (especially for a Chicago hotel room.) We booked a non-smoking king which left plenty of room for moving around.The linens were plush, the tv and radio were very nice. Overall the little extra one expects for a 4+ star hotel were there....except an in-room coffee maker.The staff are probably what made this stay a little better than expected. As already mentioned, Olga at the front desk was helpful at check-in and again when we were charged for a min-bar item we did not use.The bell-men and parking attendents were extremely helpful, friendly, and always willing to go the extra step with directions or eating suggestions.The location of this hotel is one block off Michigan and next to the Marriott. It was an easy walk to any of the attractions on Michigan Ave. and less than a $5 cab ride to Millenium Station. I highly recommend staying there if you get the chance.	
Jan 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Fabulous Hotel. We stay here a lot. My Husband on business and I shop and Spa.!!The rooms are roomy, extremely clean, calmly decorated and the pillow menu is a big bonus. The room rates are a bit more than the average but well worth it.The staff are very attentive and the room service is quick. The central location is just excellent. There is a great little shop in the reception area and never fails to let us down on all those items you forget to take with you.The hotel is connected on to the side a large Mall with Nordstrom. Nordstrom Spa is separate to the department store in this Mall and the Spa is in my top 5 for service and treatments. The service between treatments is minimal but still very very good.On my last stay I hurt my back slipping on the sidewalk in Michigan Ave and the staff were excellent in helping get me and my bags upstairs, running baths and calling me every few hours to see if I needed anything. Excellent, just excellent.If you like New York but can’t cope with the dirty streets and the crowds. Chicago is just what you’ll need as a second choice. Very under rated city.Loads to do locally for everyone from Older people to young families and children.	
Jan 1 2009 	Great stay - loved the pillow menu!	We got our hotel room for the weekend after Christmas via Hotwire for an astounding $95/night. After reading the reviews here on tripadvisor, I asked for a room on a higher floor when we checked in and they gave us a room on the 12th floor. The room was a decent size and faced north with a lovely view of Michigan Ave and the John Hancock building. The flatscreen TV is huge and had a separate Bose sound system, which was pretty cool. Bathroom was spacious with a deep bathtub that was perfect for a relaxing bath.Turndown service is always a nice touch, and the Conrad didn't disappoint in that respect. But the best part about staying at the Conrad? The complimentary pillow menu. My boyfriend and I were both congested, so we ordered up the Cold &amp; Flu pillows, which were scented with sandalwood and eucalyptus. The pillows arrived within 10 minutes, warm to the touch. They were fantastic. I enjoyed it so much that I ordered another pillow the following night. The only thing I found strange was that for an upscale hotel, there was no coffeemaker in the room. Not the end of the world, but a bit odd.Also, the iPod-ready clock wasn't functioning properly and its bright display wouldn't dim, which was slightly annoying since I like complete darkness when I sleep.The only other thing I must add is that at a few times during our stay, it seemed like there was a lot of noise that came in from the window. Almost like it wasn't sealed properly. It wasn't overly distracting, but it was noticeable. That said...the location is fabulous. The walkway to the River North Shops on the 5th floor came in handy during one rainy afternoon. One more thing. Parking. We didn't use the valet parking, since that was $49/night. We read here on tripadvisor that some people parked at Nordstrom across the street for $28/night. So we parked there...and it was more like $38/night. Not a huge deal, but there may be cheaper places to park. Anyhow, we really enjoyed our stay at the Conrad. We didn't eat at the hotel, since there are so many other great options nearby. Check out Quartino, a few blocks away, for fantastic Italian small plates. We were really pleased with our meal there.	
Dec 14 2008 	Wonderful experience	My husband and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago for 3 nights during the election (wow, what a time to be in Chicago!) and we absolutely loved the hotel.We arrived a little early and were concerned that a room may not be available for us at that time but our request for a king room was met with no problems. The man at reception was very pleasant, and helpful. He asked us if it was our first time visiting Chicago and we told him it was, despite having passed through O'Hare Airport endless times! He seemed very keen to help us in any way and gave us maps and directions to anywhere we wanted to go, and any advice that we needed.Our room was lovely. It was spacious, modern and very clean. The plasma tv was fabulous and the bed was very comfortable. We didn't have a view to speak of but that didn't bother us, as we hadn't booked a particular view anyway. The bathroom was great with a seperate shower which we're a fan of. We like hotels that are modern, and have clean lines and unfussy decor so the Conrad was just to our taste. The turndown service was very nice, with the obligatory chocolates!A huge draw for this hotel is its location- right on Michigan Avenue, attached to The Shops at North Bridge mall which was very handy. It was about a 10 minute walk to John Hancock Building, 20 minutes to Sears Tower, 15 minutes to Grant Park (at a leisurely pace) and less than 5 minutes away from many of the boat tours that go along the river and Lake Michigan, along with Wrigley Building and Tribune Tower. It was absolutely perfect. We even found when we took the free trolley back from Navy Pier, that it stops almost exactly at the front of the hotel!We didn't eat in the hotel at all because there was so much choice in terms of cafes and restaurants right on the doorstep. The room service menu did look a little pricey but I would say no more than other hotels in the same rating.When the hotel really came into its own for us was on the day we were due to check out. We were up early as we were due to fly to Houston that morning and we found an envelope pushed under our door. Our travel agent had faxed the hotel to tell them that American Airlines had changed our flight to one about 8 hours later and to let us know immediately. Not only did they do that, but they extended our check out time for a few hours to make up for the inconvenience. We thought it was very good of the hotel to do that, especially as the inconvenience was nothing to do with them. We made sure we told them at check out how grateful we were and they gave us the impression that nothing was too much trouble for them.We absolutely loved Chicago (it ranks right up there as one of our favourite places) and we're sure that our perfect stay in Conrad Chicago, was a big contributing factor to that.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great stay at a great Chicago hotel	AC POWER Suite, had power at the desk, and some at the night stands, but still found myself running an extension cord to get the laptop to the bed.BATHROOM Spacious, clean, had a bathtub and walk-in shower. Plenty of nice smelling toiletries.BEDDING Comfortable, clean.CLEANLINESS Found the whole suite to be very clean.INTERNET Internet had average connection speeds.LOBBY Welcoming, with easy access to the Nordstrom stores.PARKING Expensive, even for Chicago, valet parking and self park in a mall across the street. Had to circle several times to find a self park spot.STAFF Very nice, not rude at all. Front desk staff was very accomodating.TELEVISION Widescreen large LCD with decent digital channel selections	
Nov 20 2008 	Way overpriced	Wow, is this placed overpriced. It is a clean Hotel. The rooms are a bit above average but way over priced. Not much to offer but the room. The dining is very very expensive. Breakfast $25.00-$38.00 for a typical meal, $18.00 for a pot of coffee from room service. Very few ammenities as well. This place is trying to be something it is not.	
Nov 7 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed for one week, election week. Arrived early in the am and the room was ready for checkin. The personnel at registration were personable, friendly and helpful throughout the stay. The room was located on the 17th floor. I had some requests for the room which were honored. The room was clean and spacious and included numerous amenities such as an umbrella, slippers, robe, toothbrush, toothpaste, fingernail file, q tips, etc. You get the point. Coffee pot, available on request, for the room. Complimentary coffee, tea, water, and newspapers (multiple), in the lounge, add a nice touch. Daily bed turn down included water, filled ice bucket, replacement of any used towels, and music. A couple of minor maintenance problems were promptly addressed, including day light savings clock setting and rest room problem. Centrally located and an easy walk to restaurants, bars, entertainment, shopping. I don't understand complaints in other reviews. Have stayed at numerous hotels and the Conrad rates with the best. John from Ct.	
Nov 2 2008 	The People make the Difference	My husband and I contacted the Corad directly about two weeks prior to our stay and booked 3 days/ 2 nights for $578.- after tax and fee. We were visiting Chicago as a romantic getaway, and were torn between this property and another. Both had beautiful rooms and were close to the Magnificent Mile, but the Conrad is attached to shopping and restaurants, and if the weather was uncooperative it seemed like the best choice. We were welcomed and quickly checked into our room. We loved the view (we could see Lake Michigan!) the bed was comfy and bathroom spacious with both a glass shower and deep tub! There was plenty of room to unpack. I unexpectedly became ill during our visit and have to say how wonderful our concierge, Peter, was. I needed a 24-hour pharmacy (at 2:00am) and ,later on, to be rushed to an Emergency Room. Peter helped my husband with directions and phone numbers and even with small questions like where my husband could find a meal he was craving. He had a bowl of soup sent up to me when I returned to the hotel, which was exactly what was wanted and needed. The best thing about Peter was that he really listened to us before he made a recommendation. That is not as common as you might think. Our trip was not what we had planned, but I still must say that we love this hotel and highly recommend it! Many hotels offer a beautiful room or a beautiful view, but not all hotels have someone like Peter to really help make your stay special. We plan to make our reservation at the Conrad when we re-do our romantic getaway!	
Oct 30 2008	Outstanding hotel	I am a Hilton Diamond member-- My room was a priceline.com bid. I thought the Conrad was first class experience. Staff was very friendly, room was extremely nice. Would I stay here again and pay the normal $300 night for the room, answer is yes !!	
Oct 15 2008 	OK Experience	First off I choose to stay at Hilton properties which is why I am a diamond member. This hotel leaves a lot to be desired. Checked into the hotel and received room on 11th floor. Total of 2 adults and 2 children for 1 king bed. After contacting the front desk, moved to room 1501. I thought my weekend getaway was off to a good start, was I wrong. In getting ready for bed that night, after a long day of travel, there was no turn down service. I unfolded the let out couch for the kids but there was no sheets and no extra sheets in the room. Called front desk to ask for sheets and turn down service. I received a set of sheets about 20 minutes later that were just dropped off for me to make the bed. Called front desk again to inquire about turn down service and assistance in making the bed. Housekeeping came to room about 15 minutes later and made the pull out and left 1 bottle of water, that was the extent of turn down. Friday housekeeping did not empty my trash, I had to roam the halls for a trash can, none to be found. I ended up having to take the dirty diapers to the restroom in the lobby this day and the following day. Housekeeping for whatever reasoon did not empty my trash. Went to the restaurant on the 2nd day and the service of the male waiter was terrible. He never came back to table to see if anything was needed, ie refills, asked for things and never received them. The food was average. Again that night, no turn down service, called the desk and they sent someone up, she came with a scoop of ice and 2 bottles of water this time. That was the extent of turn down. The pull out was never put away the whole stay at this hotel. Saturday breakfast was terrible yet again, service and food, after paying $21 for OJ I would have liked a refill or 2. Trash in room not emptied again. We did get turn down that night. Sunday, restaurant-took long time to receive order, then when it came it had hair in it. Displeased with the entire experience, not the friendliest staff.	
Oct 12 2008 	Geuss I expected too much	This was my second stay at the Conrad. For Hiltons top of the line it just doesn't measure up. It compares favorably to a Westin (almost) but just doesn't deliver the luxury. For instance, my room let all the street noise in from Rush Street. Window open or closed, it sounded the same. Breakfast was woefully understaffed and took about an hour. Towels are Holiday Inn thin and rough. They could do so much better. If you get a good price, it is a nice small hotel.	
Oct 9 2008 	A view on the Magnificent Mile	My wife and I came to spend the weekend in downtown Chicago for shopping and we found this Conrad hotel well located close to everything downtown and of a size that doesn't make you feel lost in the Convention world. We have had this feeling when staying at larger hotels in the past. Our Suite has view on Michigan avenue with a bit of the Lake at the end. Staff was very professional, pleasant and friendly making us feel very comfortable. Internet is free n the rooms and I am making my review from there.	
Sep 29 2008 	Such a great experience!	My girlfriend and I stayed here on Sat 9/28 for one night. I was proposing to her that night so I wanted to get a nice hotel room to stay at. Being a hilton honors member with a bunch of points I booked a room with points at the Conrad and sent them am email saying it was a special night and I would love an upgrade if available. That was it. When we arrived and checked in we were shocked (in a great way) to learn we were given the Terrace Suite. Let me just say that room is awesome and the Terrace overlooking Michigan Ave is incredible. It's about 1000 sq. feet and pretty private. It was so great we wished we could have stayed longer!!	
Sep 25 2008 	Nice stay at the Conrad!	The Conrad Chicago is a modern, stylish hotel geared towards business travelers, but the leisure traveler (me) should also be pleased. I picked this hotel based on the many other positive TripAdvisor reviews.In terms of location, the Conrad has a lot going for it: it's located near the southern end of the Magnificent Mile, two blocks from the Grand (Red line) station. This makes it a short walk from many of Chicago's attractions such as Navy Pier, Millennium Park, the Art Institute, and the John Hancock Tower. Wrigley Field is a short train ride away. In the immediate area surrounding the hotel there are a large number of restaurants, both formal and casual, as well as numerous places to grab a cup of coffee.While not as chic as a W, the rooms were smartly decorated and in nice condition. The Conrad definitely says &quot;business first.&quot; The bed was not as overly plush as a Heavenly Bed, but still quite comfortable. As you might expect, hotel offers nightly turn-down service.The staff--front desk, concierge, housekeeping, bell desk--were extremely friendly and helpful. I shared an elevator ride with a man who I believed to be the manager and even though I was in full tourist dress mode (t-shirt &amp; shorts) he never gave me &quot;the look.&quot; After all, I'm paying the same rate a businessperson pays!My only complaint has to do with hotel access. The hotel's entrance is on actually on Rush St. with the lobby on the 5th floor. If your room is above the 8th floor, you must take a second elevator to get to your floor. While it's possible to enter the hotel from Michigan Ave. you must walk through the mall (The Shops at North Bridge) and take an elevator up to the 5th floor. This made it a bit awkward, especially when the mall elevator was out of service.If I ever find myself back in Chicago, I would most definitely stay at the Conrad.	
Sep 20 2008	Wonderful hotel	A wonderful hotel - lovely rooms and friendly staff. The Concierge was extremely helpful. The Rush Street entrance is under refurb, but is not a cause for concern as there is another entrance to use which is more direct anyway (and leads onto the Mircale Mile for all that shopping!). I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 19 2008 	Wonderful hotel!	We stayed here at the beginning of September and found this hotel more than met our expectations. We loved the luxurious rooms, the Molton Brown toiletries and most of all the huge wide screen TVs with surround sound in the rooms. The rooms were spacious with bath and shower in the king rooms and large walk in shower only in the twin doubles (our party had one of each type).The staff couldn't have been more helpful; the concierge in particular did everything they could to make our stay a memorable one. The restaurants they recommended for us were spot on and gave us some fabulous eating experiences.The Conrad is also conveniently situated within a large mall so you can go shopping without even going outside. You walk out through the mall and you are right on Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile. The rooms were quiet with no street noise despite this and offered quite good views.It is in a fabulous location and is a wonderful hotel with excellent staff and facilities. I would definitely recommend it and would stay there again.	
Sep 18 2008	Very nice hotel	The hotel was doing some construction at the front entrance when we stayed, so you had to go through some random jerryrigged hallyways to get up to the sky lobby on the 5th floor, but it wasn't a big deal. I'm sure it's easier to get to the sky lobby when they're not under construction, but just be aware that's how the hotel is designed.The staff is nice though the concierge recommended a touristy italian place down the street instead of listening to our preference for a young, fun, non-touristy type dinner.The rooms are nice and the bathrooms are pretty large.There's a nice gym and the sky lobby connects to the Nordstoms at the mall.Parking is $48/night, but that's probably standard for the area.	
Sep 14 2008 	Fantastic time at the Conrad	My family and I spent a week at the Conrad and enjoyed every minute of it. We had a twin double room which was very well appointed with large flat screen tv comfortable beds and the best shower I've ever been in. The staff were first class being polite and helpful. The first morning we had breakfast in the hotel although the food was great it was expensive so from the next day on we ate breakfast at Mary's cafe which was a 5 minute walk from the hotel located on 215 East Grand Ave. From the hotel you can gain access to the shopping mall built next to it. The mall has 5 floors of shops and restaurants with direct access to Michigan Ave. The Conrad is in a perfect position for shopping, dinning and sight seeing. Chicago is one of the best city's in the U.S the people are friendly the sights are great and you can get any type of food you want. While there try the Trolley Bus tour and visit the Navy Pier. We hope to go back to Chicago and when we do its The Conrad for us.	
Sep 14 2008	Very nice hotel overpriced food	Stayed here one night in July with my wife, using points (so I don't know what the room rate was like). Overall very nice hotel, no complaints about the room or facilities. But the restaurant is ridiculously, laughably overpriced. Details...GOOD:--Rooms are nicely appointed and very clean and well kept.--Bathroom was luxurious--Service was excellent, they did turn-down which was nice--Our room had music and some other nice features--Common areas are nice, although the street-level lobby is under construction. Other than that, the common spaces were comfortable.--Location is great - right off the Mag Mile, can easily be reached from the red line as well.BAD:--The food at the restaurant (we did a lunch and a breakfast) was OK. Lunch (out on their deck) was good, breakfast (inside the restaurant) was mediocre. Both, particularly the breakfast, were absurdly overpriced. As an example, I paid 5 dollars for a glass of coke. For mediocre food, I expect better pricing.This hotel really needs 2 review. I'd give the hotel OTHER than the restaurant 4 to 5 stars (on the TripAdvisor scale). The restaurant deserves 2 stars.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great experience at the Conrad Chicago	I must admit I was a bit concerned reading some earlier reviews, but once you get through the war zone that is the Rush Street entrance under construction, the Conrad is pure bliss. The rooms are a very decent size for a big city, the bathrooms are enormous, and the service is impeccable. You can't beat the location, and the fact that we were an elevator ride away from Nordstrom and the excellent Nordstrom Cafe (very child friendly) meant we could eat meals there instead of the extremely expensive hotel restaurant. My wife also left a pair of gold and diamond earrings in one of the hotel drawers, and when she realized it and called the hotel several days later, they had found the earrings and FedEx'ed it back to us at no charge. Touches like that win my loyalty and I'd stay at the Conrad again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 25 2008 	Good second choice	We weren't able to get a reservation at our favourite Chicago hotel so decided to give this a try and it makes a good alternative. The rooms were well appointed but on the small side. Everything was clean, however the one thing we hated was the smoking area at breakfast which polluted the entire breakfast area and also the Reception.	
Aug 22 2008 	Loved the Conrad Chicago	The Conrad Hilton was fabulous. We stayed there August 12 - 16 for my birthday. I booked the hotel on Hotwire for a rate of $145 per night. Getting the Hotwire price truly meant getting a five star hotel for a three star price. I asked if we could get a room with a view of the city, but they indicated that it would cost an extra $40 per night. I declined figuring that we could use that money towards dinners out. One entrance is on Rush Street and the other entrance is on Michigan Ave. in the heart of the retail district of the Magnificent Mile so the location is hard to beat. We were on the 12th floor (the hotel sits atop a high end shopping center and the lobby is on the 5th floor) and our room was pure luxury and the service excellent. There is a large plasma TV in each room and the shower is big enough for four people. Once I returned home I noticed that I left a few small pieces of clothing in the dresser drawer. I called the hotel and they sent the items to me via Fedex at no charge. We did not eat at the hotel due to prices, but there are many great places to eat within a few blocks. We went to the West Egg for breakfast nearby. Its a wonderful little place with great food at reasonable prices. A nice way to start the day. I would highly recommend this hotel if you can get a Hotwire or Priceline price.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great Location Right where you want to be...	This hotel is all about location. What a perfect location to stay if you are going downtown Chicago. Service is what the Conrad stands for and they back it up with staff. More staff per person than any hotel we've stayed. Food was impressive, presentation was original. The outside bar we met every night and enjoyed after a night out what a great way to end the night. Movie night needs to be more age approite, no kid movies in a bar.. The only problem with this hotel was the inconvience of the elevators. They drop you off on Rush and you need to take two elevators from your room to the ground floor. Once you realize this it's not problem. Thank you Hilton brand...	
Aug 18 2008 	Priceline winning bid on 4* NMA area Friday night $90	This was a very good value through Priceline. Hotel is very difficult to find, as the entrance (appears to be under construction) is on Rush Street. My Garmin couldn't get satellite reception on the way in so I had to rely on an old -fashioned map. Parking is located in the Nordstrom lot, which is also on Rush St. We used the self-park option which was $29 for up to a 24 hour period. All the neighboring lots appeared to be $38 if parking overnight. I requested 2 queen beds and a coffee-maker. I got the queen beds. I'm thinking coffee-makers don't exist. The rooms were clean and a little larger than most hotel rooms. The bathroom was much larger than average. The t.v. was gigantic by hotel-room standards. View on 8th floor was just o.k., but we weren't in the room much. Housekeeping was terrific, replacing a comforter that one of my kids managed to get dirty. One concierge was great and another was pretty poor, telling us there was no place we could go for dinner at 6pm, as all the restaurants would be full. Both Fri. and Sat. night, we were able to walk right in and be seated at two different restaurants at 6pm (may be a sign of the bad economy or could be my taste in restaurants). I don't think anyone should pay $300 to stay here, but $200 would be reasonable.	
Aug 17 2008 	Should not be a Conrad	I will start off by saying that I am a Hilton Honors Diamond Member and have stayed at other Conrads and so I review this Conrad from that perspective. The Conrad in Chicago used to be a Le Meridian and they have changed nothing from those days it seems. They are in the process of remodeling but at present it is still the same.The rooms, bits and pieces are a bit tired, the shower had a couple of cracked tiles and seemed quite frankly a bit dirty. The service is OK, the concierge is the best part of the hotels service, quick attentive, knowledgeable. Many of these small things you would forgive if it were just a Hilton, but not a Conrad and the prices they charge. The staff at this hotel need to go and spend a few days at the Singapore Conrad and learn how a Conrad should be run. Until then it is a tarted up Hilton.	
Aug 14 2008 	Nicer than we expected	This hotel was chosen because the room rate was less than other similarly rated hotels on the Miracle Mile. We had low expectations and we were pleasantly surprised. The street level lobby was under construction, which was not a good first impression, but it explained the lower room rate. We were very happy with the size and cleanliness of the room, the friendliness of the staff, and the location. We did not eat in the restaurants. There is a Corner Bakery nearby that has a very good, inexpensive breakfast menu.	
Jul 28 2008 	Good hotel but would not pay full price	The location of this hotel is fantastic. Right on Michigan Ave. and close to shopping and restaurants. We stayed at the Conrad from 7/13 through 7/16. Our room rate was $149 a night through Hotwire. For the price we paid, we really enjoyed the hotel. But if I had to ever pay full price (about $300 a night), I would stay elsewhere. About a week before we arrived, I called the hotel to request a King room since the room we were given by Hotwire was a Double. We were told that they could not even put the request in and that it could only be made when we arrived at check in. Never had a hotel say that they couldn’t even put in the request. At check-in, I requested a King room. The reaction I got: “Let me check…you booked through Hotwire…we don’t have any Kings available.” Her answer/reaction made me wonder whether she was lying about availability or if she didn’t want to give us a King room since we booked through Hotwire. We were put in a room on the 8th floor. I think it was either room 826 or 829. Well the room was decent but the view was HORRIBLE. Our view consisted of the rooftop of the smaller building next door littered with trash and beer bottles and the taller office building next to that. We could literally see into the conference rooms and the cubes and the employees on their headsets. The room was very spacious. Beds were nice and comfy. Bose system and the plasma/LCD TV was nice. However, the remote to the Bose system didn’t work. This controlled all the sound/volume for the music and the TV. I left a note with housekeep the next day wrapped around the remote. They took the remote to get it fixed. But they never brought it back for the remainder of our stay. Kind of annoying when you have to keep getting up to change the volume when watching TV or listening to music. Turndown service was nice. They leave bottles of water, filled the ice bucket and turn on the jazz music. But be careful with the water bottles. The first night we came back after dinner, I almost took a sip out of one of the bottles only to see that it had already been open (the seal ring thing was broken). I put it level on the table next to the other bottle of water and sure enough, it looks like someone had already taken a sip or two out of it. Housekeeping was really good. Always there early during the day to clean the room. We ate dinner one night at the terrace. The food and drinks were okay but the prices were outrageous. In the end, for the price that we paid, it was a good hotel. But for people who are paying full price, customer service, rooms and attention to detail need to be a lot better than what we received. Lastly, I really did feel like we didn’t get as great of service since we booked through Hotwire. But Conrad should not discriminate based on how much someone paid for their room.	
Jul 18 2008 	Just Nice	The Conrad Chicago is a pretty hotel. But that's about it. (and even then because it's being renovated it's really not that impressive. We paid 350 dollars a night and with that came: no coffee maker in the room, no fridge to store our leftovers (which is something you really need if you're spending any real time in Chicago - with all the really great restaurants), and only decent customer service. The consieur , Chris, however was very helpful. They also tell you that they have a complimentary pillow &quot;menu&quot; ... romance pillow, stress reduction pillow, and more, but much like the bed in this hotel ... it leaves more to be desired. They were just extra pillows ... there may have been a Very faint smell on them, but I couldn't tell. The best part about this hotel is the location, but like the other reviewer stated previously ... I would only stay at this hotel again if I got a really good deal ... at least under $300 a night. Also, be prepared to spend at least $40 plus tip a day to valet or park your car, so you will be better off walking or taking the Red or Blue line were you need to go ... which is very easy do to this hotel's great location.	
Jul 18 2008 	need coffee	for $300 per night should be a coffee pot in the room instead of the plasma tv.staff helpful. beds amazing.entrance construction a pain.convenient for the steely dan concert just 4 blocks away.	
Jul 7 2008 	If it's not a bargain don't bother!	As a regular visitor to Chicago and regular Hilton user, I have to say that unless you are quoted less than $300 per night then you can get better value from hotels in the same chain only a block or two away.Don't get me wrong, this is a beautiful hotel in a fantastic location. There is a contemporary boutique feel to the decor throughout and the rooms are spacious enough and have fantastic 42&quot; flat screen TV'sThere are nice little touches like the nightly turndown service and there is a roof top bar that really is a plus point in the summer and a superb fitness centre.However, there are too many little annoyances that make this only a good rather than the great hotel it could and should be.Firstly: - This is a pet friendly hotel and as someone who is not a dog lover, sharing an elevator ride with two dogs each the size of a Hummer was not a pleasant experience!.Secondly: - Apparently, the Hilton group have only recently acquired this property and it seems as though they are still ironing out the kinks. The staff don't appear to be all on the same page They are typical of my experience with the Hilton group - friendly, hard working and eager to please, but at the rooftop bar for example, I was charged three different prices by three different people for the same drinks, on the same night!.Thirdly; - There is some blatant price gouging here - particularly the business centre (minimum charge $17!) and breakfast (the bed &amp; breakfast rate only gives you money towards the full cost of breakfast!)They even begrudge you a free cup of coffee after 8am - you have to request a coffeemaker in your room - I did, twice by e-mail and suprise, suprise no coffeemaker when I got there!.I seriously think they must have made a deal with the owner of the coffeeshop across the road as there were long lines of Conrad guests every morning that I was there!.All in all this is not a particularly tourist or business friendly hotel and I don't know who exactly they are aiming at for their Clientele. If you must use Hilton, try the Homewood Suites on the next block	
Jun 24 2008 	Great Upscale Hotel in the heart of Downtown Chicago	We stayed here for a romantic weekend and we had great service. The separate shower and bathtub was great for relaxing and the bed was simply heavenly. We really appreciated the updated touches in the hotel and being connected to the mall. It was a little confusing figuring out how to get in the hotel late at night, but once we figured it out it was smooth sailing! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay at a great, clean, modern hotel!	
Jun 18 2008 	Almost a perfect stay	Very nice room although on the small side if you don't count the bathroom. Very large flat screen TV. The bathroom was as big as the rest of the room and had nice shower stall and stand alone tub. Great location right off Michigan Ave. and connected to Nordstrom store. Bed was very comfortable and the room was very quiet.The not perfect part:I couldn't access the internet on the first night either through the LAN or wireless, 2nd night it was ok. When I plugged in the iron it blew a fuse and all but one light went out. It took about 15 minutes for someone to answer the phone but they sent someone right up. Re-plugged in the iron and the fuse blew again. Luckily I had the guy stick around and he reset the fuse again. After that all worked well. I would stay here again but probably not my first choice in Chicago.	
Jun 11 2008 	Beautiful lobby expensive terrace bar decent room	Stayed here one night with friends. Not overly-large room, but big bathroom and the pillow menu is very interesting and fun. Downstairs, there is a beautiful lobby and a terrace bar that's cool to sit in, great food, but mixed drinks are $14 or $17! Each. That's a lot higher than most Chicago places. Mints mentioned by other posters: we received no mints at turndown.	
Jun 1 2008 	Mediocre Visit to the Conrad Chicago	My spouse and I recently stayed at the Conrad Chicago for 4 nights. We were in Chicago for a short vacation, and wanted to ensure that our accomodations would be top notch and were willing to pay for that. The hotel location is very good, but so is the Marriot next door, Hyatt down the street, and Intercontinental across the street. However, on arrival the entire lobby / street entrance was undergoing construction, and you have to walk through a less than appealing maze to get to the actual reception, of course there was no mention of this prior to arrival. A very bright note of the stay was the concierge service throughout. Nothing less than excellent. The room itself was unfinished, with receptacle wall plates missing where contractors must have assumed that the curtain was going to hide them. The rooms have large Flat Screen TVs and Bose sound systems as advertised, but to go to all of the trouble, to put the flat screen, etc., in the room, then leave all of the cables, plug in, wires for same in plain view, makes appearance cheap and look &quot;thrown together.&quot; Housekeeping could use improvements - the bathroom was not vacuumed or swept during stay, when the bed is turned down perhaps there is a better place for the bedspread and pillow besides next to the bed on the floor. Maybe closet shelf? No fresh soap in the bathroom - used same small little bar throughout, and bare essentials - shampoo, conditioner, nothing more - definitely not indicative of a high end hotel chain. At night there was one bottle of water placed by the bed when two of us were staying there - cheap? Check out - receptionist was alone, with a long line up and wait, I asked him if he was understaffed due to the length of wait and check out line up, and no apology, just a flippant response that no he was not understaffed, one person was showing someone a room, and someone was at lunch. I would think staff lunches would be scheduled a little later than noon considering that is checkout time. Definitely did not feel welcome at check out, was not asked how stay was or safe journey or anything. I have been doing extensive travel all over the Middle East, Mediterranean the last year, and wanted a very special experience for my spouse and I now that we are reunited, and this was anything but. I have stayed in many 4 and 5 star hotels, and Conrad Chicago is mediocre at best, and considering the room rate poor value for money.	
May 25 2008 	nice hotel 	We decided to stay here because we were attending a wedding in the city. So, we made a little &quot;weekend&quot; of it by staying overnight downtown simple to avoid driving back to the burbs on a holiday weekend. The bed was comfy, bathroom clean and pretty with marble counters, crystal holders with cotton balls etc. It was also very quiet.The next morning, we walked a few blocks to Dunkin Donuts and noticed plenty of breakfast places (Cosi etc) nearby. It was a great location and pleasant stay. We were in room 815 and had a nice view of the hancock building. The windows open up, if you wanted fresh air or something.There is some minor construction going on the street level lobby, resulting in walking around some barricades to get to the elevator. It's no inconvenience, nor is there any noise involved. But, the desk on that level is empty (nice photo op for us!) so you check in at the main lobby one floor up.Checkout was a breeze. They slip the bill under your door at night and you just dial zero the next morning, leaving your key cards in the room. Simple!	
May 20 2008 	Great Stay at Conrad	Stayed 9 days this year which was long enough to truly assess the hotel.We've stayed at the Burnham &amp; the Drake but the Conrad wins hands-down.The one improvement we noted this year over our week-long stay in '07 was the restaurant; finally they deliver good food AND good service (prices still lofty,though). The one drawback was one of the front desk staff had very poor English skills to the point we had to speak with another desk staffer.We had a terrace suite which consists of the traditional bath,but a bedroom large enough to have a true seating area PLUS a large livingroom PLUS an outdoor terrace measuring about 14x16 feet PLUS a 2-piece powder room. This allowed us to entertain business associates comfortably.Wife appreciated having two sets of closets to stuff with shopping from Michigan Ave,State St &amp; Armitage Ave! The Conrad is not inexpensive &amp; is not all things to all travellers.For a business couple like us though, we'll happily re-book the Conrad.	
May 18 2008 	Superb Hotel fantastic staff and awesome rooms	Only stayed here the one night but what a fantastic hotel - rooms are large and with all the mod cons, staff were brilliant and looked after any need you had. Concierge was knowledgable and happy to help with anything you needed.Will definately head back!	
May 12 2008 	Perfect in every way!	The Conrad Hotel is a beautiful hotel. Our room was perfect and beautiful in every way. I was very impressed (and I am hard to please and have high standards). It was so clean, aesthetically pleasing, up to date, just gorgeous! I would definitely stay there again. I loved it. The location is superb too, attached to Nordstrom and Northbridge mall. Can't wait to go back!	
May 11 2008 	Great hotel location	We booked this hotel for 1 night for our anniversary, a Friday night. Stay was May 9-10, 2008. Hotel was booked through Priceline with a winning bid of $119, with taxes/fees = $145.21.Rated 4 star hotel. Very Nice hotel. Located near beginning of Magnificent mile/Michigan Ave. Just a couple minutes from the river. The entrance on Rush street is the main entrance. There is also an entrance off Michigan Avenue but it is shared with North Bridge Mall. The elevator to the hotel is to the left of Nordstrom on the main level off the Michigan Ave entrance. The hotel is on the 5th floor of this building along with the main lobby. Levels 1-4 are for shopping.Checkin was uneventful with our priceline reservation. I was asked if we wanted to upgrade our room. I declined – more on this later. Standard room with king size bed was clean, everything was in good repair, nice paintings/framed photos, neutral painted walls, no worn furniture, bed was comfortable, clean sheets, quiet at night. Tub and shower worked well. Nothing to complain about. Awesome large-screen tv on the wall. There are 2 remotes for the tv – one to turn it on and the other to turn on the Bose surround sound system to hear it.Refridgerator has refreshements/snacks for sale. Really no room for anything you want to put in there. Warning label states if you remove anything you will be instantly charged. The room has wine glasses, which was a nice surprise, since I brought a bottle of wine with me, and I used the corkscrew in the room to open the bottle.Hotel has a nice looking bar and attached restaurant both of which we didn’t use. Besides, there are many great places to eat nearby which would be cheaper than the hotel. Nice separate seating area next to the bar with a piano. We took a taxi to Geha’s Café for dinner which is a fondue restaurant. For Saturday morning, I walked to Tempo Café ( 6 East Chestnut / Corner of Chestnut and State street ) which was about a 10-15 min walk. It’s a nice place for breakfast. Ordered takeout to bring back to hotel - spent $26 for waffles/strawberries; 3 eggs which came with hashbrowns, bacon and toast; 2 freshly squeezed orange juices. The hotel restaurant’s breakfast menu is outrageously expensive.We shopped for about 1.5 hours Saturday morning on Michigan Ave. before we checked out at 11:30am. I should have asked about the upgrade at checkin since it was for our anniversary but I didn’t and this troubled me. So I asked about it at checkout. The receptionist told me they do upgrade your room if you want but you have to pay for the difference in price. However, if it is “slow” they might upgrade for a special occasion or if you want to try a different category of room for free – but it’s their discretion. Live and learn. The hotel did seem a little slow.? I’ll definitely ask next time.Great hotel. Great location. No complaints. I would stay here again but only if we won it through priceline for a weekend getaway for us parents married with children. Use the difference in money for shopping and eating/drinking.As for parking – we drove in from the suburbs. I parked at the Millenium park garages, specifically the East Monroe Garage – for $20 per 24 hours. Park near the Randolf street exits. I only noticed escalators going up. I had to take the stairs going down. I did not see and any down escalators. Walk to the hotel from here is about 15-20 mins in decent weather with light luggage which we did with 1 roll-along. I would say it’s about a 1 mile walk.I have more than 10 photos which can be viewed at: http://www.flickr.com/photos/cum-grano-salis/sets/72157605004761580/	
May 8 2008 	Great Stay at the Conrad	My wife and I stayed at the Conrad in early May, and we both agree that it was the nicest hotel we have ever stayed in. We booked a King deluxe room for $159 on Hotwire. Before the trip I called the front desk to make several requests: high floor, view of Michigan Ave, and a 12:30 p.m. check-in. All requests were met very conscientiously. The hotel is centrally located between Rush and Michigan at Grand Ave. It begins on the 5th floor of a very nice shopping center anchored by Nordstrom. The lobby is very simple and beautiful. The staff was friendly and efficient. The room was cleaned and also turned down every day, and the maids left jazz music on the radio for us when we returned at night.Our room was very clean and well decorated (see pictures). The bed was so comfortable...we did not want to climb out of it in the morning! The bedding was soft and the pillows were plush. The carpet was thick and soft, not worn out at all. The TV is huge, and is complimented by a Bose surround sound stereo. There is a nice mini bar but we didn't use it. The in-room chair and ottoman were comfy, and the desk chair was great. Free high-speed internet was a nice touch. The bathroom was spacious and clean, with a great shower, separate tub, marble sink, and Molton Brown amenities. Last but not least was a great view of Michigan Avenue and the Hancock Center.We cannot say enough about the Conrad. If we had spent full price ($365) for our room, I suppose we could have nitpicked a little, but we were blown away by the value, location, and overall quality of the hotel. We are already talking about coming back to the Conrad someday...hopefully soon!	
Apr 28 2008 	A great long weekend at the Conrad!	Great stay at the Conrad Chicago for our 1 year anniversary. Lovely accomodations with an excellent location for all the city of Chicago has to offer!	
Apr 24 2008 	A Lovely Property	What a lovely property. The lobby is tastefully decorated with fragrant, fresh flowers and understated details. The staff is very kind, helpful and extremely accommodating. The concierge booked some tickets for us to see &quot;Second City e.t.c.&quot; and then offered (unsolicited) dinner suggestions in the area surrounding the theater, which was awfully nice. When we checked out, they offered to print our boarding passes for our flight, which allowed us to avoid any extra running around.The rooms - they were HUGE with big, comfy beds and gigantic bathrooms that include a relaxing soaking tub and a stand-in shower. The flat panel TV and Bose speakers were a nice touch, but the TV is not HD (not a big deal, just an observation). There were some areas that could use a touch up (nicked walls &amp; bubbling wallpaper, which I assume is due to every day wear-and-tear), but nothing that compromised the beauty of the property.This is a lovely, understated hotel that I would book again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 22 2008 	If you want service Speak out at the Conrad	I was a bit excited when my husband booked us for the Conrad hotel, as I had heard it was a notch up from the usual Hiltons that we stay at on a regular basis. I had stayed in several four star hotels in Chicago before this one, and was expecting a different quality of service and hospitality. When we first got to the hotel, we were ushered to the 16th floor, and was promised a &quot;room with a view&quot; because of our excess Hilton Honors points. Was it a room with a view? Not exactly. The faux &quot;view&quot; wasn't even a problem, however. We waited more than 40 minutes for our luggage to be delivered from the doorman downstairs. My husband had to actually go down and ask for our luggage, and hail the doorman to our room.Next, we found out that the toilet wasn't working and clogged. Of course we called downstairs, who sent up someone speedily, but they made a big mess inside the bathroom, and were not able to fix it. At this point, the hotel should have called straight away and apologized, and moved us into an equal if not better room. The verdict? A smaller, dingy room on the 6th floor overlooking the Mag Mile, which was very noisy. Meanwhile, we had wasted a whole 3 hours, just moving into out hotel on a Saturday, which we had planned as a day out to have fun.I walked into the bathroom, only to find the lights weren't working. One thing after another, this hotel did not seem prepared. Were there any apologies, any attempts to ease our harried minds? Absoultely none. At this point, I called the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. I explained how we had wasted three hours of a precious saturday moving into the hotel, and was inconvenienced numerous times without any apologies from the hotel. Most important, I stated how disappointed I was with the lack of service and hospitality, despite their claims to be a great hotel of much acclaim. I also asked that we be compensated in some way for the inconvenience we experienced. The result? We were moved the next day to an executive suite, and given several breakfast vouchers. The hotel staff sent us a card of apology, and a small complimentary tray of fruit. I felt better, because the hotel had done their part to make amends and resolve the conflict at hand.My advice to anyone who stays here or at any four star hotel- if you are paying for impeccable service, make sure your requests and complaints are explicit yet reasonable. You are paying for great service and hospitality, and there is no reason why you should walk away dissatisfied and upset.Compared to the Sofitel, this place is a little less sophisticated and more ostentatious. Staff are less snotty. More Americans here than Europeans, and decor is mostly classic American. The lobby and public areas are very spacious and elegant. The individual rooms- you really want to make sure you don't get stuck in a dingy, small room overlooking the Mag Mile. One last thing- if you work out and want a headset- be prepared to pay for a cheapo Koss brand that will cost you a $5 deposit- something that is offered free in most other places.	
Apr 15 2008 	Solid Business Hotel	A decent sized room with good amenities for the business traveller - in the centre of all the action in downtown Chicago, just off Michigan Avenue.It wasn't cheap $375.00 per night, but the hotel is very nicely appointed, with great staff at check in.The hotel didn't have a Spa, but the concierge booked me a massage therapist for my room after a day of meetings.I'd stay again for sure.	
Apr 15 2008 	Fantastic hotel!!	My partner and I had the luck of booking this fantastic hotel for a get away over New Years.The hotel was stunning, the room was hugh and full of lovely Molten Brown goodies that they happily replenish. The bed was comfy and huge. The room was turned down as though it was ready for a new arrival every day.The only couple of points I would raise is simply, the cost of the eating in the hotel or drinking in the hotel, it can be expensive. But then it is a FANTASTIC hotel done to a very high standard in the heart of Dwontown Chicago so this should not be to surprising.Its Location could not be better especially for first time visitors to the CIty. Its in the middle on the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot; Chicago's Madison Avneue.In short book this hotel and enjoy. I have read the previous reveiws and seen their photo's reffernce dodgy furniture but PLEASE be asssured upon my visit there was simply no sign of anything other than a wounderful hotel that was welcoming and had a very luxurious feel to it.	
Apr 11 2008 	Enjoyed our stay at the Conrad	My husband and I stayed at the Conrad Hotel for 4 nights at the end of March and really enjoyed our stay. We found the rooms to be a generous size with a large flat screen TV, spacious bathroom and modern décor. The rooms also offered bathrobes, slippers, and turn down service each night. The hotel location was excellent, one block off Michigan Ave. and it is attached to the North Bridge Mall which has a Nordstrom and other fantastic shops. The fitness center was above average with free weights, nautilus equipments and 7 cardio machines (treadmill, stationary bike, etc.). The only disappointments about the hotel: there weren’t any vending machines available to purchase a cold drink or snack, there weren’t coffee pots in the room and the restaurant serving breakfast had incredibly poor service with extremely high prices. That being said, we will definitely consider staying at the Conrad again when we return to Chicago	
Apr 7 2008	I really like this hotal	Great location, right on the Mile. Practically inside of Nordstrom. Nice lobby, great rooms, great service.	
Mar 30 2008 	second strike	I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. &quot;That would've required you to pay at least $40 more..&quot; Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up, the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound), when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said &quot;we will send them right up&quot;.. No, that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice, and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic, probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman, and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said &quot;hi&quot; or &quot;hope you have a wonderful day&quot;.. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept, and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs, and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt), a small croissant, and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose, for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall, the managers need to learn what customer service means, and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago.	
Mar 22 2008 	Dear Conrad - Thanks for an Amazing St. Patty's Week!	First off, I must say that this the first time I've been motivated to take the time to write a review on this site - but please note that I am a seasoned traveler and I spend at least 200 nights a year in hotels across the USA on business. On this trip to Chicago, I had the pleasure to be on vacation for a change and took my other half with me for a week to the Conrad to celebrate St. Patrick's Day (and 6 other days around it!). Before arrival, I spent a good amount of time reading reviews on TripAdvisor from others who have stayed at the Conrad to try and make sure this was the best place to spend my valuable points. Yes, I used my points, I paid for 6 nights at the Conrad using no money whatsoever. I am a Diamond member with Hilton Honors, and I try to stay exclusively within that family of brands. So I was a bit concerned because I didn't know if I would be treated as well as the average &quot;cash&quot; customer, let alone if I would receive the usual upgrades and benefits (i.e. Breakfast vouchers) that I receive when I travel on business. However, I was told by my travel agent that it'd be a good idea for me to call the hotel ahead of time and make it known that I wanted an upgrade, that it was for a vacation, that I'm a Diamond member, yadda yadda. I called one week ahead of time and got the name of the desk agent I spoke to, and he said he would note in the account that I called and would put me down for an upgrade. I also called 3 days ahead, did the same thing, and again the night before (when they pull room assignments). So let's get to what happened at check in...We arrived at the hotel after a long and unenjoyable train ride from O'Hare (that's an entirely different story), and at the moment we walked up to the entrance on the street level we were greeted promptly by a doorman who took all of our bags, without even asking, and directed us to the 5th floor where the lobby was located. At the front desk, we were again treated wonderfully, and I was immediately informed I'd been upgraded to a Jr. Suite. Now, in terms of upgrades, that's multiple room classes. A Jr. Suite has a separate living and bedroom, each with their own 42&quot; plasma television. Upon getting my room keys and portfolio handed to me, I asked if it contained my breakfast coupons, and, much to my surprise, I was told &quot;they will be delivered by hand to your room this evening.&quot; It should be noted at this point that even for a paying customer with Diamond or other status at Hilton, the standard is for *either* a room upgrade *or* breakfast coupons. I found this to be a great surprise. We arrived at our room on the 15th floor to find a beautiful, clean suite, with living room and bedroom. The living room portion had a plasma television and a small sitting area with a couch and table and couple of chairs. The room also had a window looking out to Michigan Avenue. There was also a small bar alcove with a mini-bar fridge in it as well as an electronic user-configurable safe. The bedroom area had another plasma television, and was a very large open space with a king sized bed and tons of windows which practically wrapped halfway around the room. There was a Bose stereo system under the television which had great sound and was used as the sound source for watching TV as well as getting radio stations. There was also a desk with internet connection. Wireless internet was free, although we did not use it. The bathroom was very large as well. There was a large shower and separate deep soaking tub. Amenities were great, including two robes, plenty of large towels, Molton Brown shampoos/soaps/etc, and even an umbrella in the closet. (I'll get to the umbrella's significance later). Each evening when we returned from being out and about, we found the bed to be made up, turned down, and the stereo was turned on and playing smooth Jazz music. This was a great touch. Turndown service also provided us with bottles of water by the bed each night. On the first night we arrived, we noticed that there was no refrigerator or microwave which we could use for leftovers (so many amazing restaurants!). We called the front desk, requested these two items, and by the time we returned from dinner, they were both installed in the room. On the subject of services to our room, I have to say that room service worked almost like ninjas - each night we went to sleep, we never put the &quot;do not disturb up&quot; yet never experienced the dreaded early morning wake up call in person of someone opening the door and yelling &quot;room service.&quot; No one ever even knocked on the door. Yet whether we left the room at 8am or at 5pm for a while, the room was always made up when we would return. Let's get to the meals situation. Clearly we wanted to make use of the breakfast coupons we received. Their breakfast vouchers are for a Continental Breakfast, including taxes, not including gratuity naturally. Their value is $14.00. Yes, that's the price of the Continental Breakfast that includes a couple small pastries and some juice and coffee. Now, you can upgrade your breakfast to an American Breakfast for another $5.00, or to a Chicago Breakfast (comes with pancakes and a NY Strip steak) for another $12.00. Clearly one can see why having the extra $14.00 makes breakfast not quite so rediculously priced. Were it not for the coupons, I highly doubt we would have been eating at the lobby restaurant. But as for food quality, it was great. The kitchen was good at making certain items in certain ways to our liking, the coffee was very good, and juice was fresh. Portion sizes on the meals were good. Service on the other hand, as other reviewers have indicated, left something to be desired at times. Out of the week we were there and the handful of times we ate breakfast there, sometimes the service was very good and other times not so much. In short, unless you are either able to fully expense your breakfast or have a breakfast coupon, there are much more affordable options located right there at the mall in the food court or at any number of nearby places to eat. We'd like to make special mention about the bartender at the lobby bar, he was exceptional. The day we checked in, we were so happy to have finally arrived that we threw care to the wind knowing how expensive the drinks would be and ordered a few from the lobby bar. We did not return to the lobby bar again until the last night, 5 nights later, and the bartender remembered both of our drinks to the letter. Something else I really appreciated in the Conrad was their Concierge service. At check-in, we asked him to give us all the information we needed on where to go and what to see for the St. Patrick's Day festivities. He was very helpful, printed out maps and even lists of bars and restaurants. On the last night we were there, I had wanted to do something special for my girlfriend and I called the Concierge while I was out and about and told him that I wanted him to take the bottle of champagne I'd purchased and stashed in a cabinet and have it put in a bucket of ice and have two glasses ready for me by a certain time when we would be arriving back to the room that night. Just as requested, this was done, no charge, no hassle. He also coordinated a surprise carriage ride around town (Noble Horse Carriage Co). I guess it's relevant to state the down-sides of the hotel. Sure, the Conrad is not perfect. Here is the list of problems we saw. 1) They are (as others have stated) stingy with giving out more shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap etc. during your stay. It isn't replaced everyday as I would have liked to see. However, it was never empty either, or I would imagine it would have been replaced, and I am 100% sure that had I at any point called the front desk to ask for more of anything they would have delivered it instantly. 2) Breakfast prices are too high, and the level of service for breakfast is inconsistent. 3) The price of drinks in the lobby bar is also too high (+/- $15 each), but I can admit the service was very good. There are lots more I could say about the Conrad but this review is already too long I'm sure. I'll end it by saying why the umbrella was significant and how it sealed the deal for me knowing it was truly a great hotel. During our stay, the weather changed from 50 degrees and sunny to 30 while raining and snowing. On the last day, we ventured out and decided to take with us the hotel-supplied Conrad branded umbrella. From my experience, anything hotel-supplied that isn't shampoo is usually going to end up on your bill later unless you leave it in the room. We went out for dinner and walked around for a bit, and somehow between the two of us, we misplaced the umbrella somewhere. Unable to find it, I immediately panicked thinking that I was going to surely end up being charged an unreasonable fee for this stupid umbrella a couple of weeks after check-out. I called the front desk from my cell phone and I said that I was the guest staying in suite 1519 and that I wasn't sure how I did it, but I'd managed to lose the umbrella that we'd taken out of the room. The response from the desk clerk was &quot;it's raining outside, if you tell me where you are, I can have another brought to you.&quot; I about fell out of my chair laughing. I explained that I'd lost it, didn't need another one, and she said she would note the account not to charge me for the umbrella. I just checked my card online and the charges I put on my card were just run through today - without the umbrella.The Conrad did an amazing job of giving us a wonderful week away from home in a fabulous city. There is no better location in my book, we were right at Michigan Avenue and just a few blocks north of the River. Any minor issues were far outweighed by the overall experience and service that we received. And for anyone who is debating between the Conrad and the Drake, do what we did - stay at the Conrad and visit the Drake for a meal and/or drinks to get the nostalgia for a couple hours without having to stay in an ancient tiny room. I almost feel like we cheated somehow considering that our airfare was all free (miles) and we only had a $170 bill for meals and drinks charged to the room over a week. There is no doubt in our minds that we would return to this hotel again. And again!	
Mar 16 2008 	One Hot Hotel	We usually stay at the Sofitel but thought we would try the Conrad for a change. I don't think I would rate this hotel over the Sofitel but it was still 1st class. But I do think the service was better at the Conrad. We arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left. Normally service goes down hill then but our waiter Eric was the best. Even when I kept ordering my after dinner ports. The meal may not have been The Chop House but it was still very good. The bar was ok, no Crown Reserve. They did have the Cask 16 at $24 a drink, ouch. The room service was very quick. Our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits.The only fault we could find was the temperature on the 14th floor. It was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off. Which wasn't so bad since my wife smokes. The temp on the 5th where the lobby, bar, and restaurant was fine.We enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in Sept.One last thing, if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast. Go to the West Egg, only a few blocks away.	
Mar 11 2008 	I thought Conrad was upmarket from Hilton...?	This place feels like a Holiday Inn that's been dressed up a little. It's not as nice as your average Hilton, let alone the posh Conrad brand.If you are expecting something like the Conrad Tokyo, this place will sorely disappoint you and you're better off booking the Sofitel or the Peninsula.If you're looking for a hotel with basic business services and in a good location this will do the trick.	
Mar 10 2008	Luxury hotel this is not	I stayed in this hotel for a week and I was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel. I was shocked and disapointed with my stay, Here are some of my gripes - Room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - Breakfast service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed shampoo (one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full). - We also shared a bar of soap.I was so disappointed with this hotel, I paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay.	
Mar 10 2008 	Wonderful Anniversary celebration	We just returned from a wonderful weekend at the Conrad. We had a King Jr. suite, but it was larger than most junior suite classes. A large living room with huge windows, couch, chair and 42&quot; TV. Seperate King bedroom with chair and desk. Bathroom with tub and separate (large) shower. When I booked the room, they asked if it was for business or pleasure and I told them it was for our 10th anniversary. We arrived in the room to find fruit and sparkling water and a very nice card wishing us a Happy Anniversary.We had made reservations at the American Club in Kohler, but after reading the reviews on this site, it didn't seem to be what we were looking for. I'm glad we made the choice to go to the Conrad. The fact that it is connected to the mall is fantastic in March when the wind chills were around 5 degrees. I went shopping without having to put on a coat! We had a couple of drinks in the lounge. We didn't eat at the restaurant downstairs, but rather went to the food court in the mall for a light breakfast and lunch.The second morning, we did indulge in room service. Yes, it was very expensive, but also efficient and accurate.Service was very friendly in all aspects, from making the reservations, to checking in, to housekeeping.We live in Milwaukee so we go to Chicago often for little weekend getaways, and have stayed at many of the hotels in the city. Overall, not one single complaint with this one and we will definitely be staying here again, even if it isn't for a special occasion.	
Feb 25 2008 	Must of been adopted	I'm surprised this hotel is part of the Conrad chain. I stayed at the Conrad Tokyo, which was outstanding, and Conrad Hong Kong, dated, but a classic. The Conrad Chicago definitely has some pros;PROSNice location, with easy access to Michigan Ave.A beautiful lobby.Refurbished rooms have 42'' screen TV'sBath tub, although mine was visibly dirtyBed, pillows, linens are greatCONSRoom I had 1205 was small. I was told it was an upgrade since I'm a Diamond Member. When I asked about breakfast, I was told I could have either a room upgrade or a credit of $14 for breakfast. I took the room upgrade. They did send a $14 certificate up to my room, which was a very nice gesture.Heating/Cooling system is antiquated/terrible.Final words;If you are used to Four Seasons or Park Hyatt then you may be disappointed. Otherwise, it is a nice option, but not of same caliber as overseas Conrads I've stayed at.	
Feb 19 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	The Conrad was wonderful. So convenient to everything.I can't see what others were complaining about being on the 5th floor. One quick elevator off of Rush. The lobby is beautiful.The room itself was comfortable and not overly large but for two people ( I was in town on business and brought my sister to shop) was great. Know this though-if you want the tub and seperate shower(which was really nice to have to warm your bones) you have to book a King bed not two doubles. I had no view but I could care less as when I wasn't on business I was shopping. I'm sure a room with a view would have made it all the better but then again same if it was July- February is very cold but comprable to Toronto so who cares.What else... the fact it is attached to Nordstroms and the Mall was excellent. You could walk to the Water Tower Place and all the great shopping on the Mag Mile. The shopping was amazing!! Hotel staff were very friendly and helpfull. Loved the slippers to take home and the Motlen Brown products and they had no problem bringing up extras. I agree with other travellers that the Room service is really expensive. Breakfast 'American' 2 eggs bacon toast and coffee and a fruit smoothee( amazing for breakfast) with tip and hotel charges $49.00- this is for one person!! I feel bad expensing to my company. Tip-if you are travelling and paying for yourself Mary's Cafe is good food Eggs Pancakes and Coffee under 10.00. or the Nordstrom Cafe is really lovely and they are very attentive free coffee refills. Best of all no going outside into the cold and snow.All &amp; all I woud reccomend this hotel for sure. If i could get a great rate I would stay here again for sure.Cheers!	
Feb 18 2008 	Mixed Feelings	I must say I was disappointed with my stay in the Conrad Chicago. I chose the Conrad because (1) the brand has such a good reputation and I've been impressed with their Miami location; and (2) the stellar reviews on this website. Let me start by sharing the good. The lobby is beautifully appointed with fresh flowers, a dramatic bar area, a stunning front desk, and attractive furniture. The location is outstanding. You are close to the subway, theaters, restaurants, attractions, spas, etc. The rooms have great linens, a pillow menu which is fun to try, a large flat screen tv, nice sound system, and a large bathroom. The fitness center on the 11th floor is well equipped for cardio or strength training. All this sounds good, right?...why would I be disappointed? you may ask.Well, first off, do not expect them to accommodate your requests for room type. Usually when I stay at Hilton's I get upgraded because I am a diamond preferred member of Hilton...not this time. They did not upgrade my room or even honor my request for a high floored room. In fact, the lady gave me a room in the section of the hotel that had not been updated, it was small, and had a view of a building in front of me. It was on the second floor of the building. I did get a breakfast coupon but beware that does not give you a free breakfast but a $14 credit which barely gets you coffee and orange juice at their prices. A modest breakfast for two was $48.00!!! I could have gotten the same or better from a breakfast joint in the mall below for 1/4 that price. The food was good but not great. I was shocked when the bill arrived. The service was poor...they were understaffed and did not regularly attend to customers for refills or clearing plates. My floor was not looking good. The carpeting was worn out, stained badly in one location, and the room was showing its age. While this would be acceptable in a Hampton or Double tree, for the prices you pay at the Conrad, it really is unacceptable. I blame the management here. The Conrad Miami does have its act together--Chicago could learn a lesson or two. I think this hotel is over hyped..not bad but not great--we might have been better off somewhere else.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great Hotel Great Service!	Found this great hotel, while searching for a quick getaway. Needed to stay in Chicago on Valentine's Day due to back to back play and concert. Easy to make reservations, very quick and friendly, I suggest you call the hotel directly.Great, modern room. Very, very clean. One of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in. Came back from our play that night to find lights turned down low, BOSE music system on, turn down service. Room had huge HD-TV and IPod station.Marble bathroom is great...has a great deep soaking tub, separate shower....both with unending hot water! Previous comments mentioned rough towels, we agree, but their complimentary robes make that up!Had dinner at their restaurant aptly named &quot;The Restaurant at Conrad&quot;. Our best friends were already there dining and our waiter, Reggie, was fantastic! He pulled up another table and made us feel very welcome and was extremely friendly. Great food, good martinis. Make sure to ask for Reggie! Front desk staff very polite and professional.  Park your car directly across from hotel entrance, hotel will validate your ticket for a big discount.Highly recommend if you are planning a trip to Chicago, steps to Mag Mile, great restaurants and shopping.We had a wonderful evening, definitely will stay again!	
Jan 22 2008 	Beautiful hotel	We stayed at the Conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer! We were on the newly renovated 9th floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean! There was a flat screen, bose sound system and even an Ihome for our Ipod. Wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down. Everyone was very helpful and so friendly. We can't wait to go back again!	
Jan 7 2008 	loved the conrad!	Ok, so first trip to chicago and I was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location, finally I decided on the CONRAD and wath a good experience i had, I booked a king deluxe room on the 6th floor, view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had, room is nice, bath was all appliances and good size, good plasma tv, free internet, we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food! so overall and for the price aroufn 220 It was a great surprise, the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel	
Jan 2 2008 	Great hotel - amazing bed!	This was a great hotel we were upgraded upon check in to a huge corner room. The hotel is spotlessly clean with large marble bathrooms and by far the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The Bose sound system and huge plasma tv in the rooms are great too.My only complaint is that the hotels dining room and bar are a bit grim, they have no windows and are very dark and small. The service in the dining room at breakfast time is arrogant also, we were on a bed and breakfast rate but found out at check in that this actually meant that we had a $45 credit between 2 of us for the dining room. Only prob with this is that the menu is really expensive and if you want a healthy option like fruit or granola you'll end up over your budget very quickly. I think if I was to return I would just have breakfast in food court of the shopping mall connected to the hotel.Apart from that compalint I would have to say that overall the hotel was great, great location and great standard of accomodation and loads of restaurants, shops and bars within walking distance. Michigan Avenue is on the doorstep so its perfect base for exploring from.	
Dec 30 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	I have stayed at the Conrad, before and after the Meridian. I travel extensively on business throughout the country and always look forward to the Conrad in Chicago at least twice a year. Wonderful staff, the best doormen, great rooms and service. Especially in the winter, when you can shop without going out to Michigan Avenue! I am a single woman and have always been treated beautifully by the staff! Highly recommend and I am picky!	
Dec 10 2007 	Excellent accommodations dining environment	Room ammenities were complete and absolutely luxurious. The Bose sound system that completes the large flatscreen TV is wonderful to wake up to, and the staff leaves the radio playing jazz for when you return at the end of the day. Restaurants have plenty of choices and the bars are complete and comfortable.	
Dec 8 2007 	Great Location Great Hotel	I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room, with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great, loads of choice and plenty on the plate.Great location, connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all, a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people.	
Nov 19 2007 	Great Hotel Excellent Location	Our stay at the Conrad was fantastic! The staff was very friendly from the moment we walked in, and got us checked in early so we could drop our bags and get out to see the city. The rooms were nicely appointed, with a big comfy bed and a 42&quot; flat screen (but strangely, no hi-def signal to feed it?). The concierge was helpful in finding us a Saturday dinner reservation during one of the busiest weekends of the year. And for wandering around downtown (both River North and the Loop), there aren't many better locations to choose from. Highly recommended!! If/when we come back to Chicago, we're definitely staying at the Conrad again!	
Nov 14 2007 	Perfect	We stayed at the Conrad Chicago for 3 days in August (on our way to Alaska) and tremendously enjoyed our stay. Chicago is a wonderful city and the hotel was great too. The room was nice and the beds wonderful. Staff friendly. Breakfast was not included but there are plenty of delis and bakeries close by so this is not an issue. The conrad has a nice roofterrace which serves great cocktails. The location is very good as from here you can walk to most of the key sights. Fortunately my husband was able to get a room using a corporate rate from his company so the fact that we felt like we had a bit of a deal helped in our enjoyment. Don't forget to make a boat trip with the Chicago Architecture Foundation or do one of their other tours. It was one of the highlights of our 3 day stay in Chicago. We also rented bikes in Milennium park and viewed the city by bike which was great too. Lunch at the terrace of Wolensky and Dinner at Bin36 were great too. Have a wonderful stay!	
Nov 6 2007 	Really clean	Just back from staying at The Conrad in Chicago and loved the location. The hotel itself is so clean and tidy and the rooms have all the ammenites but my oh my the staff are so unfriendly. We sat at the bar on several occasions and the bar staff never once tried to strick up conversation and looked so miserable. The concierge was in in a league of his own though, very helpful and friendly.. make him you new best bud if you intend staying at this hotel. Overall a nice place to come home to at the end of a busy day.Sally WoodhamsSurrey England	
Oct 17 2007 	Conrad is Top Notch - We Loved it!	Wow! The Conrad is first class all the way. The room was spacious. It had a wonderful flat screen plasma TV and a Bose sound system. The beds were so comfortable! The staff was accomidating. The even had turndown service every night and left slippers by the bed side.The BEST thing about our room was the walk in shower. It was the most WONDERFUL shower I've ever experienced. My first shower must have been at least 30 minutes. I was the cleanest tourist in Chicago that weekend because I'd take a shower whenver I could. The soaps, shampoos and lotions were terrific too! It's a bit weird to get to. The hotel is on the 6th floor of a shopping center off Michigan Ave. That made for some great spur of the moment shopping trips! The patio is a wonderful place for drinks. Breakfast in the restaurant is quite good too. Oh...there's free Internet access from the room too...almost unheard of nowdays.We'd stay here again for the right price. It was really nice!	
Oct 13 2007 	Expected a lot more from the Conrad	I stayed with my wife for 4 nights. The hotel was average. The location is very convenient. Staff is helpful, no problems with reservations. The room was not that big, but it had a nice big bathroom though. All in all, a not so bad experience, but I was expecting more from Conrad.	
Oct 8 2007 	Very nice stay but not wowed	I just spend this past weekend (Oct. 5 - 7) at the Conrad in Chicago with my girlfriend. I think it's a very nice hotel in a great location. The deluxe room we got had the 42&quot; Plasma and was very nice. I do agree that the furniture seemed a little simple, if not a little cheap for the type of hotel it was. It wasn't bad, just looked a littel Ikea'ish to me. The bathroom was great. It was huge, nice amenities, etc. However, I agree with the reviewer below that the bathroom towels were thin and cheap feeling. Not a huge deal, but it just seemed weird that a hotel of this caliber would have those towels. Kind of like the furniture comment.I am one of those that isn't a huge fan of having to take one elevator to the lobby, and then another to my room, but not a big deal. I didn't try the restaurants but did have breakfast from room service on Sunday morning. That rocked. Very good. If it is indicative of the rest of the food, then the food is very good. The outdoor bar/terrace area looked great. I wanted to spend time there but our schedule wouldn't allow us.Overall, I think the Conrad was a very nice hotel and I was happy with our stay there. The room was very nice, but there were little things that didn't blow me away as I might have expected from a hotel of this caliber. However, with that being said, I would stay there in a second on a future trip to Chicago. I did like it a lot (despite what you might think from the above).	
Oct 7 2007 	Excellent hotel - perfect location	My wife and I stayed at the Conrad this past weekend for a 2 night getaway and we could not have picked a more perfect hotel. I am a gold Hilton HHonors member and used points for our trip. We arrived very early Friday morning (8 AM) and we assumed they could hold our luggage until check-in time came but immediately they said they had a room ready for us. So it couldn't have started any better.Then we went up to the room and found an amazing room. It had a 42 inch plasma TV with a Bose sound system, very nice/soft king bed, great bathroom with a large soaking tub, large shower and a separate toilet room. We knew we made a good choice already at this point.The location couldn't get any better as it is basically right on Michigan Avenue. The lobby is on the 5th floor and in order to get to ground level there are 2 elevators which can be taken. One goes to the Rush Street entrance where the bellmen can hail a cab or point one in the right direction. The other goes directly into the attached mall which goes right out on the Magnificent Mile. There couldn't be a better, or more convenient, location in my opinion in the whole city of Chicago.We didn't dine in the restaurant but we heard good things from other customers. We had drinks at both the Rondez-vous bar and the terrace and the service was excellent both places. Since this is luxury hotel plus it is in the middle of the heart of Chicago, yes the prices are fairly expensive but that was expected. They also provided nuts and other munchies at no additional cost while we had out drinks.The maid service was excellent and we received turn-down service each night and they brought additional bottles of water which was a nice touch. The gift shop was fairly small but was nice. They probably figure that because it is in the heart of one of the world's best shopping districts they didn't need a huge gift shop!The front desk printed out our airline tickets and held our luggage when we needed so we could continue to tour the city before needing to leave for the airport.Overall we had no complaints about the Conrad. It was definitely one of the nicest hotels we have stayed at and we will definitely stay here on our next visit to Chicago.	
Oct 2 2007 	Not much wrong not much right	There's nothing really wrong with the Conrad; it simply isn't very special. The rooms are large, with luxurious appointments like fabulously comfortable beds with 500-count linens, plasma TVs, etc. But the decor was dull, and the carpet looked very tired. Our bathroom had a spacious shower, but no tub, and the water pressure was disappointing. The Molton and Brown shampoos and soaps were lovely, but the towels, while oversized, were rather thin and stiff. The biggest disappointment of all was the public areas. Off the street is a tiny lower lobby. You have to go up five floors to get to the real lobby, but it just isn't very impressive. It just doesn't feel like a 5-star hotel. If you can get a good enough rate, the location is terrific, but don't go here looking for the kind of place that sets the tone for pampering when you walk in the door...which is what one expects to find in a 5-star.	
Sep 30 2007	Great Experience!	I was using a certificate from Hilton Corporate due to a stay that was terrible to say the least at another property. As soon as I walked I was greeted with a wonderful smile by the whole staff. I was upgraded to the Executive Suite due to being Diamond. I didn't think they were going to do this considering the stay was free. Talk about a GREAT room! Situated on the 17th floor in the corner I could see all the way down Michigan Avenue and in all directions. The room service was also great. I will definitely be going back.	
Sep 28 2007 	amzing andy	well when i arrived i was delightfully welcomed warmly by Andy Hurley.He was tiny, But had a large heartmade the experience worth goingbig thumbs up andy!!!love and smoochies	
Sep 23 2007 	Really disappointed with Hilton's "Luxury" Brand	I had high hopes for the Conrad. I used a large chunk of my HHonors points to stay here during a conference so that my husband and I could enjoy a luxury hotel. We were not impressed! The service was, by far, the most disappointing aspect.The room was small had nice decorations, a huge flat screen TV, and nice BOSE sound system. The bed is terrible; my husband complained of back pain after the first night. The tub is the bathroom is tiny; we never used it. The Molton Brown tolietries were nothing special. I was beyond irritated when I had to call housekeeping to bring us a new set of tolietries because no one bothered to replace them after two days. Then, it took over a half hour and a second phone call for the tolietries to arrive. This process was repeated a second time, a few days later. This is unacceptable in a luxury hotel. At a regular Hilton, the tolietries are replaced everyday, used or not.The Terrace Bar was great the first night. We loved the view of all the skyscrapers nearby. On our last night, we received awful service. We were ignored for 20 minutes after my husband finished his drink. We finally got fed up and told the hostess our room number and left. Again, just unacceptable given the &quot;atmosphere&quot; of the hotel.I ran into another problem at the business center while I was trying to print up tickets for a show. The mouse on the computer didn't work, rendering the computer useless. We called for help, but no one came since the business center is farmed out to another company. No one at the front desk seemed to care that we might have missed our show. Luckily, a manager let us use her computer to print the tickets, but we still have to resovle the issue of getting the initial $16 internet charge refunded. What a pain!I would not stay here again the next time I come to Chicago. I would rather be at the regular Hilton on the executive floor where we can get complimentary breakfast and turndown service that actually includes chocolate- what a concept!	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Clean Comfortable Room	I travel often for business and stay at 4-5 star hotels as well as the usual Marriott Courtyard or Hilton Hotels. This Hotel was great. I reserved the King Executive which had windows facing Michigan Avenue as well as on the adjacent wall. We could not believe how quiet the room was-- no noise from Michigan Avenue or other guests, etc. Amazingly and wonderfully quiet hotel room. The room was well appointed, huge, and immaculate. (Any hotel that puts stark white comforters on the beds has confidence in its cleanliness and I always take that as a good sign.) The big surprise at this hotel was the dining. I almost never dine at the restaurants in a hotel at which I am staying. (usually too many great other options in a city) We had a case of the munchies upon checking in so we ordered appetizers via room service. Service was quick, sharp, and the food was very good. The next day, we had lunch at the 5th floor rooftop garden restaurant (outdoors) which has a fabulous view and again, was amazingly quiet given the location of this hotel. The food was FANTASTIC. We only ordered Maine lobster roll sandwiches so we were't expecting an amazing culinary experience....SURPRISE! The presentation was lovely and the lobster roll came on a platter with several &quot;samplers&quot;--- soup, cabbage slaw, homemade chips, and a sinful chocolate mouse cake. I've had lobster rolls in dozens of places up and down the eastern seaboard and I'll tell you that this was the best, most flavorful, and freshest I've had. The whole dining experience greatly exceeded my expectations. I would say that this hotel is a gem in the city and recommend it without reservation of any kind. Enjoy!	
Sep 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	The Conrad was a refreshing change from the ordinary business class hotel. It was upscale without being stiflingly opulent, and the staff were professional without being curt; helpful without being overly friendly. The furniture and furnishings were modern, warm and inviting. The huge flat screen television that met me when I entered the room certainly was a nice touch. Even nicer touches included consistent turn down services from almost invisible and unobstrusive staff members, with niceties left. The Conrad doesnt come cheap, but that is to be expected with the class of service provided. Other colleagues of mine stayed at lesser offerings and complained about huge convention crowds, impersonal service and banal, usual business class rooms. I had the opportunity to sample what I have come to expect from Hilton hotels, and one of this category: true hospitality and comfort.	
Aug 21 2007 	Best Hotel Ever........	My Hubby and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago, last weekend for a weekend getaway from the kids. This was one of the best hotels ever.... The room was fabulous. The beds, and pillows were awesome. The 42 inch flat screen tv, the marble bathroom, and a host of other amenities can't be touched. It was not cheat but well worth every penny. Would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Loved It Great Stay	I loved this property. It was great, the staff wonderful plus the locaton was great. I even was upgraded at this property. I truly believe it was worth the extra money. I totally will be returning on my next trip to Chicago, it was a great experience.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great Place to Stay in Chicago	I loved this hotel! I never write reviews, but felt compelled to do so after my stay here. I stayed at this hotel for a company retreat that lasted four days. During our stay here, I was blown away by the service. The front desk was so pleasant and helpful, Swank (who supplied the equipment for our meeting), were also amazingly quick and helpful. Our rooms were beautiful, the Terrace provided a lovely view of this gorgeous city, and the location was perfection. The meeting space was very nice with a nice view as well, and the food offered on the catering menu received rave reviews! I could not have been more pleased with our stay. I look forward to coming back, and I highly recommend a stay here while visiting Chicago!	
Aug 20 2007 	Great location	We had two rooms for two nights at the Conrad during our road trip visit to the US. The street entrance is a few floors below the reception lobby which can also be accessed through the shopping mall it is attached to or perched upon. I am not a huge fan of this layout but after a few trips to the mall for various things found its only drawback was while checking in and out with luggage transfers.Check-in was a breeze which was great because first impressions of hotels are so important. Our rooms were lovely and the extra bed requested was already in place - something of a first and much appreciated.The staff were very helpful with various tourisrty requests and the location of the hotel for accessing various tourist attractions was excellent. Having the shopping mall attached opened up a range of cheaper breakfast options (as breakfast was not included in our rate). We did have one dinner to celebrate my sons birthday at the hotel and it was very nice. (Actually, the reason we ate at the hotel was that we couldn't get into the Twin Anchors for ribs due to an excessive wait-time.)The rooms were very comfortable and above average in size. Nice big plasma TVs and a very modern bathroom.Vaket parking was more expensive than most other hotels we stayed at in the US - but it does appear that Chicago has a few parking issues.All in all the hotel was very comfortable, much as you would expect of a Conrad and we were very happy with the location from a tourist's perspective.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great hotel	We spent a week in this hotel and were very pleased with the experience. As described in previous reviews. the room was very comfortable with the huge televison and bathroom being particularly outstanding. Service was excellent overall (I especially liked the bottle of water at my bedside with the turn down service). The door and bellmen/women were particularly pleasant and helpful and the concierge was friendly and knowledgeable. We had completely satisfactory (though overpriced) drinks in the bar but didn't eat at the restaurant. The health club was fine and the equipment was well maintained. While there were only three treadmills and two elipitical steppers, I never had to wait for a machine although it might be a different story in the dead of a Chicago winter! One minor quibble--I like to have coffee first thing in the morning and there was no in-room coffee maker. The restaurant offered free coffee &quot;to-go&quot; but only before eight AM. This is a very, very comfortable, attractive hotel in a wonderful location. Chicago is an expensive city but we felt that we got a reasonable value for our money.	
Aug 12 2007	Great Hotel!!	I found a great deal (135 USD a night through Travelocity) at the Conrad Chicago. The hotel is really great: room was very nice, modern, beds are comfortable, bathroom was huge, and the location is one of the best you can find in Chicago. Absolutely recommendable.	
Aug 7 2007 	Snooty Front Desk- Nice ammenities	Stayed here this past weekend as part of a girls weekend with my sister-in-law. We used her Hilton points to stay. Front desk check-in clerk was very snooty about apparently not having the right paperwork, although my sister-in-law never received the right paperwork from Hilton to begin with. Also, snooty upon departure. We also had to ask about breakfast vouchers as part of their diamond program, this was not offered up front. Room was very nice. Big shower, big TV, Bose system with CD player, well stocked min-bar, two nice bathrobes etc. There is a DRAWBACK if you are staying with someone other than your spouse/partner, the shower is a completely glassed in shower. If you have to go to the bathroom or want to wash your face/use sink and the person in the shower is not comfortable with you walking in, you have to wait. Nice location to things. It was about a $5 cab ride at best to a couple things we wanted and didn't feel like walking too. The bellhop outside was very curteous and knowledable. Oh, french toast in the resturaunt was below average and overpriced.	
Aug 7 2007 	Worthy of its lofty ranking	The Conrad is among the best hotels in Chicago and with some minor tweaking could be the very best value in town, if not the top-ranked property.We did encounter some minor problems with staff, as noted by other reviewers. Upon checking in, we were sent to an occupied room. The front desk clerk simply wrote the wrong room on our key envelope (1211 vs 1112, I think) and it was a simple mistake. The guest already in the occupied room was good humored about it, luckily! I also found the concierge to be quite aloof and would agree with other postings about the Terrace restaurant. The one time we went out to have a drink, I felt like we were intruding.Finally, there are noise issues between rooms. Twice we had to call security in the middle of the night because folks from the wedding party next door were still in a mood to celebrate! :-( HOWEVER, a couple of little issues can't take away from the fact that the hotel is gorgeous. Beautiful marble lobby, quick connections to the mall and street (albeit with a bad two-elevator system), perfect Chicago location and stunning guest rooms. Our bathroom was huge and very clean, the bed was comfortable and we really liked the plasma TV with Bose sound system (which may be one reason the TV next door was so loud at times). Overall, would stay at the Conrad again and would recommend it to friends.	
Aug 3 2007 	Luxury hotel with a number of glitches	We stayed here recently as part of a large group in town for a business meeting. Here is my review.This is a luxury hotel, and they treat guests like they are staying at a luxury hotel. Let me start by describing the room, it had a large plasma television with a Bose surround-sound home theater system, an iHome iPod-capable clock radio, a large glass shower stall, and a large tub with whirlpool jets. Other amenities included a bathroom scale, high-end soaps/shampoos, and complementary Internet and bottled water. Turn-down service is provided at night, when I got back to my room each evening i was greeted by soft music on the Bose system, slippers, and they even put the shower mat out for the next morning (or nighttime shower). Rooms have wired and wireless Internet, comfy chairs, super plush beds with down comforters and pillow top mattresses, and super plush towels and bathroom rugs. Wake-up calls are taken and made by real human beings. Even the housekeeping staff refers to you by name.The location is also fantastic, it is connected to a shopping mall featuring a Nordstroms. The heart of Chicago's entertainment/dining district is a short walk, including the Navy Pier which is about 10 minutes away by foot. There is a restaurant in the hotel which we didn't visit, as well as outdoor and indoor bars, both of which featured a nice selection of drinks, but very slow service.But this hotel wasn't perfect. The Internet service was troublesome, twice I called the front desk, each time they transfered my call to GuestTek which provides the hotel's Internet service. Each time it took 10-15 minutes with a tech support person to get the service enabled. Apparently it wouldn't recognize the room that I was in. When I checked out I noticed that the hotel had charged me $20 for these calls, which they promptly removed from my bill. Others in our group had the same issues.I also had a problem with my room key, it usually took 5-10 tries before it worked. I tried a new room key but had the same result. The front desk personnel told me they'd have maintenance look at the lock, but I had the same trouble throughout my stay.The cold-water in the bathroom ran at a quarter of the volume of the hot, so if you weren't careful you could easily burn yourself (something I learned the hard way the first night).So overall I'd give this hotel very high marks for luxury and customer service, but they need to address the bugs to make it perfect.	
Aug 1 2007 	GREAT HOTEL FOR EVERYONE	My stayed at this hotel in Chicago, 2 adults and 2 teenage boys and loved this hotel. Pretty much everything about this hotel was perfect. Every amenity you could ask for was there; 42&quot; flatscreen TV with Bose sound, robes, slippers, turn-down service with bottled water, and who doesn't love a telephone in your bathroom. The staff was accommodating. They installed an XBOX 360 in our room with three games at no charge. My boys were very excited about that. They have a special room service menu for young people. We ordered Chicken fingers with fries which came quickly on a silver platter and with all the condiments and only cost $8.00 plus service charge. My fifteen year old son loved it. I checked out the exercise room which looked like a full gym with cardio machines, life cycle machines and other weight machines which looked great. I didn 't use the machines since I was too tired from walking in the city. The location is great too.... near all the great shopping such as Nordstrom's. My husband and I have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria, but feel that this hotel was better than that. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 29 2007	Not Five Star Terrace Restaurant Manager terrible	This hotel has a great location and nice infrastructure. The river north area is full of great restaurants and the north bridge area is great for out of towners. The decor is lovely and a nice hold-over from when this was a Le Meridian. While the Conrad aspires to be in the top tier along with the Peninsula, the Four Seasons, the Ritz and Park Hyatt, it falls short. We and dinner at the Terrace Restarant outside the other day and were initially impressed with the setting and the selection. While the prices were similar to the Peninsula, we figured that it was a nice day and worth a try. Wow, were we ever disappointed. First off, we were told that we could have a seat but only stay until 7. OK, thats fine and we sat down. The waitress made a point to ask if anything was wrong, so that she could make it right. When we indicated that our glasses of champagne were not very full ($20 per glass), she consulted with the manager and then another manager (a heavier fellow in a dark suit). She came back and said that was the standard puor and that she would be glad to bring us additional glasses. What bothers me is not the outcome, but the fact that the management is not service focused. At a Four Seasons or the Peninsula, this would never happen and if we expressed any displeasure, it would be made right. At the Conrad, the Terrace manager just ignored it.	
Jul 25 2007 	Enjoyed Conrad Hotel	Enjoyed our stay at The Conrad Hotel. Staff was very good except for a couple rude bartenders. I left my cell phone charger and they sent it FedEx free of charge. Overall, I would recommend to others. Nice hotel and good location.	
Jul 10 2007 	Perfect Miracle Mile experience!	Pretty much everything about this hotel was perfect. Pricey, but you really do get what you pay for. Every amenity you could ask for was there; 42&quot; flatscreen TV with Bose sound, robes, slippers, turn-down service with bottled water, plenty of space, incredibly comfortable bed, nicely stocked lounge downstairs, and the list could go on and on . The thing that stuck out the most was the immaculate condition of our room and the attention to detail the cleaning staff had. Beyond that, every staff member we spoke to was extremely nice.Only complaint -it's kind of a pain to enter the hotel via Michigan Ave, you have to go through a mall.	
Jul 9 2007 	Conrad is a good choice in Chicago	Stayed at the Conrad for two nights as part of a family gathering. My experience echoed the prior review: nicely appointed room of average size, and a very nice large bathroom with separate shower and tub, large counter, and nice amenities. Burned-out light bulbs apparently continue to be a problem. I did not eat at the restaurant during my stay, but room service was courteous and prompt, and the pick-up of the used dishes, often a problem at hotels, was within a few minutes from my call. Prices at the restaurant seem high, but this is Chicago and it's an easy walk to plenty of other places. Finding the hotel entrance was a little confusing because of the mall.Tip: the suites here are not all that expensive as far as suites go. Try to get one, particularly one with a terrace: a little noisy with sirens, but the terrace is huge and the views are spectacular. But even the suites without terraces are nice.	
Jul 9 2007 	Conrad is Top Notch!	I am a Hilton HHonors member which led me to the Conrad Chicago. I had never heard of Conrad's before but after my Chicago experience I will be looking for them on my future trips wherever I go. The rooms and common areas were all very classy and the staff were excellent. I had already read about the lobby being on the 5th floor and having to use two elevators, and I also expected the food to be expensive so I had prepared myself for that as well. There was a cafe next door where we got breakfast and there are about 1,000,000 options for lunch and dinner within walking distance so that wasn't a big deal. The location is excellent with close proximity to the river, Magnificent Mile, and Millenium and Grant Parks (short/cheap cab ride or ride on the CTA). If you're able to pay a little extra and want to get a lot in return, stay here. I talked with a few other guests in the bar who had stayed at Four Seasons, Westin, etc. and there were adamant about the fact that the Conrad is the best of all of them.	
Jul 7 2007 	Location Location Location!!!!	The Conrad was in a great location right off the Magnificent mile. It's connected to a mall with Nordstrom's. Also convenient were all the top restaurants in the North River area. The hotel was within walking distance of the Navy Pier.The rooms were terrific with flat screen 42&quot; TV's and Bose Surround Sound DVD players.The bathrooms were huge with a large shower, and great toiletries.Turndown service was nice.As previous reviewers have noted, there is a second elevator needed to reach the main lobby, but more and more urban hotels are doing that for security reasons.The only complaint was the price of the food and bar menu, but this hotel caters to businesspeople who are on expense accounts, or other large groups where cost is not a concern.I would definitely stay here again	
Jul 4 2007 	Great rooms and location	I stayed at the Conrad for a large business meeting. Overall the experience was a very positive one. The rooms are very good. The bathrooms are excellent, with the separate room for toilet and both a tub and a walk in shower. The sink counter was very large - room enough for a double sink. With the addition of a double sink, the bathrooms would have been the equivalent of a master bath in a modern US home. The only complaint about the room is that one has to use a separate remote control device to change the sound on the TV. The rooms are also a bit on the small side. Warning: some of the rooms don't have very good views - just the office building next door. One service issue: one of the two recessed lights over the bed was burnt out. The hotel is connected to a shopping mall that exits onto Michigan Ave. When the mall is not open, Michigan Ave. is accessible by walking a block and a half north to Ohio St.One negative about the hotel is that to enter / leave the hotel requires two elevator rides - and the one between the street and the fifth floor lobby is quite slow - when large groups are entering / leaving at the same time, waits can be a bit long. Likewise, if you are attending a meeting, particularly in the main rooms on the sixth floor, restrooms are not very close by.I was disappointed in the restaurant. Three colleagues and I had lunch there one day - mostly soup and salad, and with tip, the bill came to $105. In retrospect, we should have gone out to one of the numerous restaurants within a five / ten minute walk. One of the mornings I was there, the restaurant / room service was a fiasco. I did not get my breakfast order until over 35 minutes late, and many who went to breakfast in the restaurant never got served.	
Jun 5 2007 	kudos to Conrad	I stayed here for a night in May for a meeting. This hotel is an excellent choice for all. I would stay here anytime.	
Jun 1 2007 	Excellent luxury hotel	I stayed at the Conrad for two nights during a business conference and found it to be an excellent hotel.The room was immaculate and spacious, had a huge bathroom with separate tub, shower and commode areas, large flat-screen TV with bose sound system, and a very comfortable bed. Food was somewhat expensive ($48 for breakfast for one!) but there are many other options nearby. The staff was courteous and helpful. I will definitely return the next time I'm in Chicago.	
May 20 2007 	Great hotel were you can really sleep well	I stayed for a week at the this hotel and I can tell that I really enjoy it. First of all thanks to all the the members from TA because of them and the reviews they wrote I select this hotel in particular.I travel a lot and in the last hotels I stayed I had had problems to sleep well because of different noises, at this hotel I slept like a queen the 5 nights I stayed there and that´s my friends is priceless. At last I had the chance to know Mr Peter Strandquist the chief concierge who is the best concierge I ever met, so if you had the chance to stay at the Conrad Chicago just ask for Peter and he will help you out with everything.	
May 16 2007 	Love the hotel!	We stayed at the Conrad Chicago for 7 nights in May 2007 and absolutely love the hotel. The location is great, one block off of Michigant Ave., close enough to the Magnificent Mile without the noises, and 2 or 3 blocks north of the river. We were able to walk to the John Hancock building, the Art Institute, Nave Pier and State Street in the Loop. A $12 cab fare took us to the Museum Campus.It has plenty of restaurants nearby within walking distance (love the Grand Lux Cafe on Michigan Ave.). It's also next to the relatively new North Bridge mall with Nordstrom as the anchor. The hotel is accessable on Michigan Ave. through the mall. The hotel staff is very courteous and check-in was very quick. We stayed on the 7th floor and the room is very clean with a spacious bathroom (separate bath and shower). The room has a 42-inch flat panel TV and an IPOD dock. The bed is very comfortable. The hotel also provides slippers and a bathrobe. We paid $219 per night. If we go back to Chicago, we would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
May 4 2007	Great hotel	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend trip to celebrate our anniversary. This is a world-class hotel. The service help is attentive, efficient &amp; well-trained. We did not ever have to wait to talk to a concierge or front desk attendant. The bellmen &amp; doormen were friendly &amp; helpful. The bar off the lobby is classy &amp; relaxing. The health club facility has lots of machines and is not crowded (on the weekend anyway). We were upgraded even though I am not a frequent traveler. The room was clean, spacious and had flat screen TVs. Complementary shoe shine is nice touch. The room is stocked with bar accessories like corkscrew &amp; wine glasses, so you can easily buy a bottle of wine and enjoy it in your room. And the room is spacious enough to do that comfortably. Great location, no problems, reasonable price and overall tremendous experience, even for a special occasion.	
May 3 2007 	Issues at the Conrad Chicago	I stayed here 2 nights for a business conference. The food was pretty good. And they had these really good mints that I couldn't resist. The room was very comfortable and the bed was great. But I was annoyed by many issues. First, their internet went down for a couple of hour when I was there on a break from the conference. It wouldn't have been big deal except I needed to do some business while it was down. Second, the internet wasn't available in the conference rooms. I suppose the conference I attended would have had to pay extra for it. Third, The chair in the room was too low for the desk so I was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later. Fourth, on the second night my key didn't work. So I asked for a new one which also didn't work. So I asked for another one and the same thing happened. Thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so I didn't have to go back down to the lobby a third time. Then he came back a little later to tell me I was in the wrong room, which I wasn't. Finally, he came back with the right key. Fifth, the TV had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume. Sixth, they didn't have the comedy channel. Much cheaper hotels do. If this hotel didn't cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences, but I would expect more for what I paid.	
Apr 27 2007 	Best ever hotel experience!	Chose Conrad primarily for location as we were only in Chicago for two nights and wanted somewhere central.What an outstanding hotel! Location is perfect - right on North Michigan (Miracle Mile) above a good mall and a simple walk to every major attraction. Stayed in suite with it's own terrace - space was huge and the view absolutely stunning. Decor great, bathroom enormous with soaking tub and double shower. 42&quot; plasma tv, Bose sound, great bedding, bathrobes, superbly comfy armchairs, even an umbrella for rainy days etc, etc, I could go on and on!All staff throughout our stay were great, nothing was too much trouble. Front of house guys at Rush Street entry were the most welcoming we have come across.We travel regularly and this was by far the nicest city centre hotel we have stayed in - to the point we are now going to try other Conrad hotels. For anyone considering visiting Chicago I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough - we can't wait to return.	
Apr 26 2007 	excellent value	I stayed in the Conrad for a week on business, and have to say it was an excellent choice. The rooms are spacious, with a very nice bathroom with separate shower cubicle and large bath. They are tastefully if rather boringly decorated (American hotels really like beige!), and the large television was nice, especially for watching sports or adult movies.The hotel is ideally situated, just above Nordstrom on the Mag Mile, and has a pleasant lobby area. Staff are helpful and friendly. The gym is one of the best hotel gyms I have been too with a good range of equipment. Views from the room are not the best in Chicago. Rooms have an ironing board, iron and an umbrella, which was very useful as the weather wasn't great when I was there (snowstorms in April)I have two gripes: one is with the wireless internet access. This had a tendency to switch on and off, which is annoying when you are downloading a report. The second one is that there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room. There is, however, a good coffee bar at Nordstrom, so you can pop out to get a coffee.Breakfast in the hotel, though overpriced, is very nice. A better value option is the Corner Bakery which is only 5 minutes walk and is excellent. Overall, this hotel represents excellent value.	
Apr 25 2007 	5 Stars	First time at this hotel. Rooms are spacious and beautiful. Staff is priofessional and very helpful. Hotel couldn't have a better location. This is a true &quot;5 star&quot; hotel, yest very low-key and not stuffy. It's not cheap, but an excellent value. I'm handicapped, and the handicap rooms are perfect-the best I've found so far. Overall, and extremely pleasant stay.	
Apr 5 2007 	Great quiet hotel - perfect for teens	My daughter, son and my daughter's friend are at the Conrad as we speak. I booked two rooms through Expedia, and with a non-refundable package, we got an extraordinary rate.The hotel is very clean and very serene. The room service has been wonderful, and the concierge services have been excellent. I can barely get my son out of the shower in the morning, they are so big and nice.Our view is dismal, but our rate was wonderful. I'm sure that there are some great views from more expensive rooms. But we're in Chicago. There's a lot to do OUTSIDE of the room.We are two blocks from Michigan Ave. and have several nice restaurants in walking distance.The attached NorthBridge mall is nice for my daughter. I can allow her a little big city freedom with safety.We saw Wicked and have been to the Art Museum and the Museum of Science and Industry. Awesome.Great city, great place to enjoy it from.	
Apr 3 2007 	First Class!	The decor, accomodations, and staff were all first class. Very comfy beds and a fantastic location. We were very happy with this faciltiyin every way.	
Mar 30 2007 	Great hotel bend-over backwards staff	Stayed here for a conference a few weeks ago for one night. This is a very nice property, quietly tucked off Michigan Avenue. Pros:It was nice to escape from the chaos of the city to a very calm, relaxing place. I liked that the Conrad didn't seem like a gigantic conference hotel like some of its neighbors with conventioneers all over. Not much of a scene like the Peninsula, but the bar area was busy enough.The room: nice, though if you looked closely you could see a few shortcuts taken in putting it together. The tub was super and the water pressure amazing. A deep soaking tub that actually filled rapidly! Good Molton Brown toiletries. But the best was the staff. Everyone was super professional, extra friendly and went out of their way to help. Cons:As I said there were a few shortcuts in the room (no convenient outlets to the bed; when you soaked in the tub you looked at the raw underside of the sink area, etc. No view, but that wasn't so important. I'm definitely recommending the Conrad to friends who want to be near Michigan Ave but away from the crowds around Oak St.	
Mar 30 2007 	Great Weekend Getaway	Stayed for a weekend March 23-26 to catch the Flames @ Blackhawks game on Sunday.Flew in to ORD around Noon, got to hotel at 12:50, checked in early no problem. Friendly front desk lady lend my buddy a cell phone charger as he forgot it back home.Request high floor, assigned room was on 11th Floor (mid floor as hotel is level 5-17 in the building.) next to the elevator, I was dreading for a bit but noise from hallway was non-existent. Huge and spotless double-double room has plasma TV and Bose 3-2-1 system. Resolution sucked on the TV though as it's just a regular SD feed, no HD.Slippers are my favorite amenity in a hotel room when travelling, I have a morbid fear of walking around barefeet no matter how clean a room is. Asian hotels always have them no matter how cheap, same cannot be said about North America even with the upscale ones.Robes are of course pretty standard in a Conrad.Bathroom has no tub, which suits us just fine. Giant tiled standing shower and granite vanity with seperate lavatory. Pretty standard Conrad. Showerhead could use more pressure in rain mode. Had to have it on massage mode to get any pressure. Molton Brown amenities are nice. Towels felt thin &amp; cheap though there were plenty of them.In-room safe is quite small but fit my 12&quot; laptop fine, the built-in outlet for charging is also very handy. The safe however isn't bolted down though and is just connected by the power cord to the minibar cabinet. And the hotel doesn't have card key security in the elevators so it posed a minor concern for me to leave valuables in the safe.Evening turndown service offered complementary mini-Evian waters, nice touch. Linens &amp; Beds are excellent and we slept in every night as it was so comfy. our room overlooked the back of another building and noise from the NMA was non-existent. Our friends over at the Westin however had a suite with a glorious view of NMA and heard sirens blaring by every night. Sucks to be them.HVAC is perfect. Hotel rooms always tend to be too cold/too hot. Not at the Conrad. It was perfectly comfortable with the dial at 70FHousekeeping was topnotch. We're slobs when on the road for hockey road trips and the room is always spotless when we come back. No one ever disturbed us when we had the DND sign on the door 'til we woke up and left at noon everyday, yet the room's always ready when we come back around 5 for a shower before dinner after some shopping and sightseeing. Had a bottle of VOSS water from the room, nothing special, but the bottle was cool looking.Wireless AND Wired High speed internet is free, but both are painfully slow even with good signal on the wireless. But it got my work done. Don't try to download anything major though or you'll be sitting there for an hour.Did not eat at the hotel nor ordered room service. Went downstairs to level 4 (the mall's food court, must take hotel elevator to level 5 the lobby first then transfer into the mall elevator) and ate at Tuscany, the Italian fast food place that served restaurant style pasta in a fast food setting with fast food prices. Quite decent and the price is very agreeable. Only pet peeve is the 3 elevator system to navigate if you're unfamiliar with it, I was fine but our friends from the Westin got lost when they came to visit.Requested late checkout and was given 2PM without a fuss on Monday as I had a 6PM flight out of O'Hare. Excellent front desk girl did it with a smile.Fitness centre was 5 steps from our room next to the elevator, very convenient and huge. Complementary green apples and all the hand towels you can use are a nice touch.LOCATION. This cannot be stressed enough. Smack in the middle of the Mag Mile (NMA), right across from the Intercontinental if you enter through the Nordstrom mall. Walking distance to anywhere. We walked to the Water Tower, Hancock Building, Navy Pier, the Loop, ESPN Zone, Hard Rock Hotel, The Trump Tower under construction, Walgreen's at the Realtor Building, and the Macy's next to the Westin where our friends are staying. The only time we took a cab was to &amp; from ORD and the Shedd Aquarium/Field Museum and the United Center for the game. Weather &amp; Others: It was raining on the Friday, bloody cold on the Saturday and absolutely gorgeous on Sunday and Monday. Had a great time all weekend though even with the bad weather to start. Wished we could've stayed longer. Everyone we met were very friendly, which is more than I could say for LA, there's just something about the midwest that feels so much like home. The streets are surprisingly clean in a city of almost 3 million. Other than the traffic problems, I left the Windy City throughly impressed.	
Mar 28 2007 	Wonderful hotel!!	Check-in staff were very pleasant and professional. In fact, I didn't encounter one staff member who made me feel unwelcome. Felt very welcome upon arrival. Concierge was quick to offer assistance out of the taxi and to help with baggage if needed. The lobby was not huge, however it was cozy. The terrace looks like it would be a great place to sit and have a drink in the spring and summer. There is a gift shop in the lobby, however I'm sure prices are high. There is a Walgreens not to far from the hotel.As a HHonors Diamond member, I was upgraded to a king suite overlooking Michigan Ave. What a wonderful room! Everything was very clean and in good working order. Appreciated the large-screen plasma tvs and Bose Surround Sound System. I really appeciated how thick the walls were in this hotel .. I could not hear anyone from the rooms next to mine.The bathroom was also very nice and incredibly clean. Deep soaking tub was very nice and just what I needed after a day on the town. The bathroom was stocked with great amenities!Room service was fast and efficient and the food was very tasty. Internet service was reliable (both wired and wireless are free). Fitness center looked very nice, however I did not get a chance to use it. It was nice being able to walk next door to the shopping complex (restaurants are located on the top level). Stopped at the concierege desk to ask for tickets to a show in town, however he was busy with another couple. One of the front desk staff immediately came over and asked if I needed assistance.The location is nice .. just a quick walk to the Magnificient Mile, Water Tower Place/John Hancock Buidling, Macy's, etc. The Chicago Marriott Magnificent Mile Hotel and Intercontinental Chicago are across the street. I would definately stay at this hotel again, in fact I plan to make it my prefered hotel when in town. HHonors members have good chances of getting upgrades, especially on the weekends. The only downfall to this hotel (just like other 4-5 star hotels in the area) is the price often exceeds my budget. Tip: Check the Chicago Conrad hotel website and click on &quot;specials&quot; on the bar at the top of the page. I booked a weekend package that included a $100 credit toward incidentals and only payed about $50 more for the package .. thus I received about $50 to spend.	
Mar 19 2007 	Enjoyed the Conrad over St Patrick's Day Weekend	We traveled to Chicago for the first time for a wedding on St. Patrick's Day 2007. I chose the Conrad for the location and after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. I was traveling with my husband and wanted an upscale hotel.Pros:The Conrad is lovely. Our city view room was of North Michigan Avenue and the InterContinental Hotel across the street. The room was a nice size, the bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was amazing -- large and upscale. Complimentary robes/slippers, a nice lobby and bar area (both on the 5th floor) and pleasant front desk staff and doormen rounded out the feeling of modern luxury. Check-in was efficient. The connection via walkway to the attached shopping was convenient to pick up coffee and items we forgot to bring with us.The location was great -- we could walk to Millenium Park, dinner at Keefers, and to watch the officials dye the river green for the holiday.Cons:The room's large, flat screen TV resolution seemed to be a bit off and we couldn't seem to get the phone to work unless it was on speaker. Uninterested/less then friendly bartender. Overall:The Conrad is not an overwhelming facility. It is not a 'take your breath away' kind of place. It is modern yet warm. We booked a reasonable AAA price via the hotel website. I would stay here again. That being said, there are numerous hotels within a block or two of the Conrad, including (but not limited to) Embassy Suites, The Marriott, Courtyard Marriott, the InterContinental, Hilton Garden Inn and the Hampton Inn, so you'll have many opportunities to get great deals.	
Mar 13 2007 	Beautiful hotel but service needs improvement	This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at in the U.S. My husband and I stayed here over the New Years holiday and we really enjoyed our stay. We got a very reasonable rate on the hotel website.The rooms are absolutely stunning with fantastic amenities. The location cannot possibly be better. My husband actually started not feeling well during the trip and spent one whole day in the hotel room sleeping but it was the most comfortable room if you have to stay in it for 24 hours!The only thing that kept me from rating it with a 5-star is its staff. I've had numerous problems with them. The shoes that were sent to be shined didn't return at the requested time (not even within HOURS!). Newspapers weren't delivered as promised. There were other issues I had with them but I think I blocked it out of my head and can't remember any right now. Despite that, i'd still stay here on my next visit to Chicago.	
Feb 27 2007 	Awesome location and hotel!!	My husband and I decided to take a trip to Chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the Conrad, not really knowing it's location. We were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on Michigan Ave. (It's connect to Nordstroms right in the heart of downtown. ) Great for shopping.The hotel itself was fabulous. The staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants. I recommend going to Joe's that's right across the street from the hotel. Everyone was raving about it . . .but we couldn't get a reservation.The room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. It had a very warm and inviting atmosphere.My husband loved the workout room. I highly recommend the Conrad!!	
Feb 22 2007 	Great hotel	I travel frequently and found this hotel to be one of the best I've stayed at. The room was very large. The bathroom was huge. The 42 inch flat panel tv was nice (although contrary to other reviews - it is not HD). The only annoying thing I found was that it wasn't easy getting to the lobby of the hotel itself. If you park in the garage ($29 with hotel voucher), you have to take one elevator from the garage to the shopping mall. Then you have to take another elevator from the mall to the hotel. Ordinarily you wouldn't think it would be a big deal but apparently, this is the only elevator that goes to the hotel so it takes awhile. That is the only complaint I have - the hotel was absolutely fantastic. If you're debating whether to stay here, take the plunge - you won't be sorry.	
Feb 22 2007 	Beautiful Modern Room	My boyfriend and I decided to stay at the Conrad Chicago for our anniversary. The second we walked in, we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room. White luxurous bedding on the King bed, plasma t.v./ subroofer/ surround sound speakers (my boyfriend was more impressed than me, as I reminded him that we didn't come to Chicago for the hotel room) very large bathroom w/ tub and separate stand-in shower, granite countertops, his/ her robes and slippers. The view wasn't great, but we were on the 6th floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us. Not a large room by any means, but again . . . we didn't go to the city for the hotel room. It was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room. We got a great rate on it ($140 at hotels.com) but I think the going rate is usually closer to mid $200's. I've stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one. We will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city.	
Feb 3 2007 	Best Hotel Ever!	I do not think this hotel is 4 stars...I would say 4.5. I Hotwired this hotel and was very excited to try something new. Unfortunatley, my flight was a red eye and I was wrecked. When I got to the hotel they IMMEDIATELY checked my in at 6:30am and sent me to my fantastic room. The room was just my style. Modern with a large tub, seperate shower and a gigantic plasma TV. The bedding was primo. The view was not important to me because I am would rather have a great room than a great view. Everytime I asked about something the staff followed up with me to make sure everything was ok. They all knew me by name when passing the front desk. The conceirges where fantastic. This is my new favorite hotel and to be honest I think it puts the W hotels to shame. I dont remember the names of the whole staff but EVERYONE provided amazing service. Thank you.	
Jan 30 2007 	Absolutely Loved It!!	This was a weekend trip for my friends and I. We booked a couple of rooms and asked in advanced for the reservations to be connected in some way. Our rooms were right next to one another as requested. As it was almost everyone's first time to Chicago, we had to do a bit of cold-searching for a hotel. And, our choice was next to perfect. I had an amazing time during my first visit to Chicago and it was largely due to this hotel. The customer service was AMAZING. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. One of our rooms ordered late night room service and raved about how they felt they had ordered a 5 star lunch because it was as fresh as having ordered food at 2 pm, and delicious. My friend suggested they had a full-staff at 3 am because the food came up quickly too. In another of our rooms, housekeeping had accidentally discarded a CD when replacing the CD player with an iPod dock. The concierge had the exact CD purchased and ready at check-out from the neighboring record store. Our rate included complimentary breakfast which was fantastic! Everything was freshly made in their kitchen too. An added bonus was that the hotel is attached to a mall. Therefore, you don't need to leave the building to get a pair of shoes, a coffee, or a some other type of trinket. I was beyond pleased with this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation.	
Jan 22 2007 	This is a great place to hang out	Stayed at the Chicago Conrad January 18-20, 2007. We found it to be a friendly, European-style hotel in the middle of a very busy area. In fact, the only drawback was that there were some sirens in the middle of the night, but that's to be expected in a large city.The hotel is connected to an enclosed mall, which is very convenient in the winter. There is an excellent spa in the mall (the hotel has no spa) and lots of good dining choices.We ate three meals in the hotel dining room and while costly, the food was outstanding. The lounge staff was friendly and accommodating. We took the Conrad directory from the room and went carefully through it on the flight home. If all the Conrads are this great, we will be giving Hilton a lot of business in the future.	
Jan 18 2007 	Great hotel - great location	My husband and I stayed here for New Years eve weekend. This is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. Hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming. The rooms had the best electronics I've ever seen. Loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall. The hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by, so we avoided it too. Ate at Joe's across the street - excellent seafood. And you can shop til you drop without going outside! Nordstroms and four story mall is attached. Lots of good &quot;food on the run&quot; places in there. Loved Chicago - loved the Conrad. I will go back!	
Jan 8 2007 	Loved it!	LOVED IT! Loved it, Loved it. The hotel was outstanding, extremely clean (this is very important to me). I have stayed at several 5 star hotels in Chicago and this is the best (hands down). You won't be disappointed. In fact when I go to Chicago I only will be staying at the Conrad.	
Jan 4 2007 	great hotel great value	We stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday. Triple AAA rate of 173 was a steal. 7th floor room complete with 44in plasma TVbose stereo, voss and evian water, and gorgeous bathroom(no tub but was fine for us)Concierge was very helpful. You cannot beat this location...Only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow(2hours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning)even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant.Food was very good so it was worth the wait.I would return in a heartbeat. A gem in chicago...	
Dec 16 2006 	Fantastic hotel	We stayed in the Conrad for 4 nights just before Thanksgiving. We had a corner room overlooking N Michigan Av and the Tribune Building. To say this is a 5 star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful. The staff were unbelievably helpful. The standard of the room was superb - HD plasma screens, luxury bedlinens, iPod radio, huge bathroom. Location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole Light Festival parade from the window. Breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service. Would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - 5 out of 5.	
Nov 21 2006 	If Only There Was Attention To Detail	The Front Desk staff were exceptional. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite that was very clean and comfortable. We had a huge balcony overlooking the city and in the distance, we could see the Lake.Unfortunately, when we entered the hotel, the carpet in the downstairs entry level was filthy and it gave a poor impression The doormen and women, however, wer most polite and welcoming.The restaurant was a terible disappointment in all respects and I would avoid it. The breakfast buffet was closed earlier than advertised on our first day. The service was slow and for the price, the breakfast was absolutely unremarkable. We had to ask repeatedly for various items and waited long periods of time to receive them. While eating, someone came and removed the flowers fom our table without even a word. The flowers were already dead. On the second morning of our stay, we opted for the breakfast buffet which was very sparse and poorly replenished. For $12 + it didn't even rival a Hampton Inn. It would seem that training and competent supervision is sorely needed in the restaurant.Housekeepers did the basics, but didn't resupply amenities-another failure of supervision.I had requested assistance with a dinner reservation, expecting that a call from the Conrad might guarantee a good table. On the contrary, we had a terrible table. I suspect that the hotel hasn't made an effort to gain favor with the upscale restaurants in town. If all of the staff were as accomodating and well trained as the front desk staff, it would be a very good hotel.	
Nov 15 2006 	Thoroughly Enjoyed the Conrad	My husband and I stayed at the Conrad November 7-9 while he attended business meetings several blocks away. We found the Conrad to be an excellent hotel both in facilities and service.The valet parking and the check-in and check-out process went very smoothly and the hotel personnel were efficient and cordial. Our room was on the 8th floor with a view up Rush Street to the north. We had requested a renovated room (a good idea) and the room was very nice with a really comfy bed and a beautiful large bathroom with excellent toiletries. The bathroom also had a large tub and a separate shower which I thought was a nice touch. Another plus was the 42&quot; flat panel TV and the Bose music system.The hotel is in a great location - within walking distance of terrific shopping on the Magnificent Mile and is directly connected to the Westfield Shopping Center. In fact, the hotel sits right on top of it! There are lots of restaurants nearby too.The concierge was very helpful and made reservations for us at Shaw's Crab House - just a short walk away. We had an excellent dinner with great service. The restaurant in the hotel looked nice, but there never seemed to be many diners there. The lobby bar was usually busy and was quite pleasant.I'm hard pressed to think of any negatives - the only one might be that the floor that our room was on (8th) also had some banquet rooms and the smell of whatever they served for lunch lingered in the hallway and our room long after lunch was over - a bit off putting for me. I would suggest requesting a higher floor if you don't want to smell lunch all afternoon!We felt it was a bit pricey, but would definitely stay at the Conrad again!	
Nov 13 2006 	Made the Weekend	This hotel really helped make our weekend in Chicago first class. We thought the rooms, service, and location were great.Our group had 2 rooms on the 11th floor and were able to check-in very quickly when we arrived at 1 on a Friday afternoon. I understand that this floor has been recently renovated and the rooms were large, smartly furnished and super quiet. The beds were luxurious and the bathrooms very large. The north-facing room had a beautiful view up Michigan Avenue at &quot;Big John&quot; and even a small piece of the lake. Unfortunately, the south-facing room was 15' from an office building. We were too busy enjoying Chicago to utilize the hotel's restaurant/bar or fitness facilities, so we can't comment on them. However, all other encounters with the staff and public areas were a pleasure. The concierge was very helpful directing us to the perfect breakfast cafe and several other obscure treasures. A call to the front desk was immediately answered with another room key. And the doorman &quot;owns&quot; that little piece of Chicago.The location was central to all of our activities. It took us a few minutes to walk south to the river tour boats, and another 5 to the Chicago Art Institute Museum and the big parks. While we could walk north to the Water Tower area in 10 minutes. The whole area in between was filled with great restaurants, shops and safe neighborhoods.The Conrad served as our our peacful and posh weekend retreat from all the excitement the area offered.	
Nov 13 2006 	Rough Start But Great Middle 	Our flight to Chicago was delayed for 3-1/2 hours due to the weather. I called Conrad from NY LaGuardia to confirm my room for a late check-in. Their response was &quot;not a problem&quot;. We arrived at Conrad at 1am to be told that they didn't have a room for me, because a guest decided to stay an extra night. Fortunately, they already set me up in another room at Soffitel (very nice hotel, too) for one night, which they comped. They also provided a taxi and taxi fare to transfer me to Soffitel.I returned to Conrad the next day, and was upgraded to a recently renovated room on the top floor. The room was a good size, very clean, had a large bathroom with a separate water closet. I thought the bed would be more comfortable based on previous reviews - it was ok. The staff was very nice, and I never felt that the hotel was understaffed.No one seems to eat at the hotel restaurant. There is a diner called Mary's about 3 blocks away which is a good place for breakfast. The hotel bar was popular. Location to shopping was great, but not impressed w/ 9% tax. You have to take an elevator to the 5th floor for the Main Lobby, then walk over to another elevator bank to access the rooms. Not a big deal if you're trying to walk off some calories! I would stay here again.	
Nov 10 2006 	Great Location Comfortable hotel overpriced	This was a first visit to Chicago. Loved everything about the city, the people, the restraunts. There is loads to see and do. We paid full rate for 2 rooms for 4 nights. The rooms are comfortable, good size with great bathrooms. Seperate bathtub and shower.There are a number of first class hotels closeby which I will consider for the next visit. This is based on value for money. I don't mind paying when everything lives up to expectation but a number of things fell short on this visitMy room was not ready till 4pm. Luggage was delivered to the wrong room. My partner called the hotel to be told there was no one of my name registered. He argued I was in the hotel but the staff told him I was not there.this happened on 2 occassions!! Pretty serious shortcoming in service from a security point of view not to mention the confusion it could have caused in a relationship!!!! The duty manager sent a plate of cheese and biscuits and two bottles of water!! by way of an apology. I felt very disatisfied with how this was handled.The concierge was first class as was room service. Pity about the shortcomings but if you pay full price you should receive full value.	
Oct 27 2006 	Perfect Location - Perfect Stay	This hotel was spectacular. Upon arrival, we were able to park across the street in the parking ramp. Easy, and convenient, which isn't always the case in downtown Chicago. Finding the hotel is not complicated. If you enter the shopping mall, there are signs and elevators that get you right to it. It was nice having the shopping and dining below us. It made it very convenient for meals and when we were too exhausted to go anywhere. The rooms are decadent. I love the decor, the colors, the bathroom. I have ZERO complaints about everything. Of course, we got a great Hotwire rate, so the chances of staying here again are slim, as I'm a bargain shopper. If you have the opportunity, stay here. The staff is wonderful, the rooms are wonderful. You can't miss here!	
Oct 23 2006 	Excellent!	I stayed at the Conrad for business (4-nights). Very comfortable and stylish property. Every want/need was taken care of. Good location.Kudos to Jose the doorman/bellman!	
Oct 23 2006 	A Nice Try--but still a Hilton the Park Hyatt got it right!	The Conrad is the upscale version for Hilton and the Park Hyatt is the upscale version for the Hyatt. Well the Hyatt got it right in Chicago and the Hilton did not. I stayed here when it was the Le Meridian Hotel. The hotel rooms are still the same as the Le Meridian Hotel but lacks the customer service. The rooms were clean and they have an evening turn down like the Ritz. They also provide L'Occitane lotion in the rooms. The Location is great and the price is good. I paid $230 a night. Anyway the biggest complaint for me is the customer service. Most of the staff don't know much about Chicago and good luck getting the concierge service. It appeared like the Hotel was understaffed. I never see anyone eat at the hotel restaurant. The gym is nice for a hotel. I would stay there again because of the value and location.	
Oct 22 2006 	Great Stay Great Location	Just returned from a stay at the Conrad. We stayed here several years ago when it was a LeMeridan. I must say, I prefer the Conrad employees. They were generally more friendly and service oriented. The doormen were without exception friendly, personable and quick! The rooms are large, beds very comfortable, with large bathrooms. What I really like about the Conrad in contrast to other hotels I've stayed at in Chicago is that even when it is at capacity, the lobby is always (almost) peaceful and the staff doesn't seem overwhelmed. I enjoyed arriving back to the hotel at night with candles in the lobby. The location is perfect!	
Oct 11 2006 	Very nice stay at the Conrad.	I stayed at the Conrad for a single night to attend a nearby conference. This was my first trip to Chicage. The rooms were excellent, exactly what I would expect from an upscale Hilton brand. Check-in and check-out was quick and easy, the room was modern, clean, and the bed was very comfortable. Bathrooms were well-equipped with nice towels. The staff was friendly and top-notch at all times. I would gladly recommend and return to the Conrad Chicago.	
Oct 1 2006 	Great Place - Great Price	Great hotel, elegant, modern room, perfect location. Stayed at the Conrad with 3 other girls. We got two adjoining rooms. The bathrooms were huge with large soaking tubs, granite showers, double sink vanity with granite tops. Large flat screen tvs, white, fluffy duvets. And then to be located just above the Nordstrom!?!? What else can a girl ask for? We enjoyed a couple of breakfasts and a late night snack via room service which tasted good and was prompt. Service from all employees was courteous and efficient. Can you tell we enjoyed the place? We only paid $185 per room per night which seemed like a bargain to me. FYI.... Made the reservations through central reservations. They said that they could not guarantee the adjoining rooms but would add it as a request. I called the front desk the day before arrival to see if there was any way to ensure the adjoining rooms. Stephanie said no problem, she would take care of making sure we had them and we did.	
Sep 20 2006 	Great Location Great Deal	Stayed at the Conrad July 30-August 2 with my partner during the heat wave of '06. The price for the Hilton &quot;Bounceback&quot; promotion was under $200 and included breakfast. Most of the other hotels in the area were over $200 just for the room. Although the room had no view, it was large and comfortable with good air conditioning. The bathroom had a very deep &quot;soaking&quot; tub and a separate shower. The staff was attractive, and the concierge was very helpful. Unlike other hotels in the area, there were no tour groups staying at the Conrad so the hotel was quiet and peaceful. The central location is great for shopping or sightseeing.	
Sep 15 2006 	Patchy service	We booked this hotel via priceline and only paid 65 pounds per night! (About 130 US Dollar before tax) which i have to say is very cheap so consequently we were very happy with the hotel. However if i had paid the rack rate of 375 US i dont think i would have been happy with the service levels and im british !(we dont generally get good service) The location is fab and i thought the room was great - incredibly comfy bed, huge plasma screen, good choice of films etc. Breakfast was delicious and the breakfast wait staff and bell hops were good but housekeeping got our pillow request wrong twice and it took them 40 mins to get me a plug adaptor.We loved Chicago and if we ever came back would consider satying here again.	
Sep 12 2006 	Great for kids!	We just got back from a 3 night weekend in Chicago. Just went for fun with my husband and 1 year old son. I read all the reviews, so we booked the first two nights at the Hotel Indigo and then the last night, I used 40,000 Hilton Honor points to book at the Conrad. Though the Indigo was good and in a great location, the room we were given was not child friendly. I would stay again if we didn't have our son with us, but we were so crammed there. We actually had to put part of his crib in the bathroom so we could move around comfortably. I was a little nervous about the Conrad as the reviews were just okay. However, our stay was excellent! We must have been given a completely rennovated room located on the 17th floor. No view, but the room was so spacious and modern, a very large sunken tub, huge Plasma screen, Bose sound system. I am not sure if my floor was empty, but we could not hear a thing in rooms next to us! We all watched a movie in our totally comfortable king sized bed. I wonder if they put us away from the rest of the guests since we had a baby. Either way, it worked great. I can't say enough what a great hotel this was with for us. We are used to good hotels for business, so being able to still receive that level of service with our baby was very nice. THe little touches the Conrad had were great. They had a little tray to set your shoes, big umbrella, shoe horn/brush, slippers by your bed, waters by your bed. I was so happy, especially after coming from such cramped quarters. And that tub was amazing! The room was large enough for several kids to run around. It seemed to be almost baby proofed too. Wires were hidden, all the outlets were high, the toilet was in a seperate little room, so we just shut the door so he couldn't get into that.. He tried his best to get into trouble, but couldn't. The location was ideal, we walked with him to the Navy Pier, all around downtown, shopping, etc. The staff were so friendly to him as well. I was afraid since it was a more &quot;business&quot; centered hotel being downtown, we wouldnt feel welcomed, but that was not the case. In fact, I was blown away how child friendly Chicagoans in general are! I am used to city people not making eye contact, so it was such a surprise! We took the El from Midway to downtown since we didn't have a car seat. Some of the elevators were out and there wasn't any kind of elevator at all at the Roosevelt transfer. Everytime, we had more than several offers from people wanting to help us! And this was at 5pm on Friday evening rush hour when you know people are probably anxious to get home. And when the train doors opened for our stop, people even cleared a path so we could get the stroller out. Very nice...I think Chicago is a great destination if you have kids, you can get the same treatment at fine hotels there without feeling like an outcast because you have a baby. For dining close to the Conrad, Bici's a few blocks away had VERY GOOD Italian food.	
Sep 8 2006	Not typical Conrad	Miserable service; 45 minutes to receive luggage in room; had finished buffet breakfast BEFORE waiter ever showed up with options, coffee, etc; rooms have NO VIEW, no tub, no coffee maker; 'had to ask at breakfast for Diamond Elite VIP certs that SHOULD HAVE BEEN GIVEN AT CHECK IN.This is NOT typical CONRAD luxury or service, and as a Hilton Diamond Elite Member I expected more. The Embassy Suites on N Columbus surpassed the Conrad in every aspect I mentioned; service, room amenities, great view of Navy Pier and restaurant.	
Sep 5 2006 	Great Service Great Room	I just got back from a 3 day stay at the Conrad, a Hilton property. In November, 2005 it was converted from Le Meridien to this lovely hotel. The room we stayed in had been completely remodeled. Although it looked out over Michigan Ave it was very quiet and didn't get any sounds from the other rooms. As previously mentioned plasma tv, Bose sound system, comfy beds, new granite bathroom with separate shower from tub. The staff was great. When I checked in the front desk person actually helped me with my bags to the room and pointed out the direct access to Nordstrom's, the Terrace Bar on the 5th floor outside, the cute bar (where we had some nice appetizer's) and the other restaurant (my husband had breakfast there and found it very expensive). The concierge was very helpful as were all of the rest of the staff. I read that this property was recently sold again so I don't know if it will remain a Hilton property but I would definately stay here given the price was right. We had a coporate rate of $165. A great deal and the location is perfect.	
Sep 3 2006 	Comfortable Luxury and Super Service!	Booked the Conrad via the Five Star Alliance website for 225.00 per nite and the hotel later said they could not beat this price since I checked the hotel after booking online to make sure it wasnt cheaper. Anyway...the Conrad did not dissappoint. My girlfriend and I were traveling to Chicago for a girls weekend away over the Labor Day weekend. The point of the trip was to relax in affordable luxury and to enjoy some good old fashioned shopping. We were pleased to be greeted by Stephanie with warm smiles even after 11pm on a busy Friday nite. After reading several reviews about the property on TA and noting that folks had a tough time locating the entrance we decided to catch a cab from the metro (totaling about 4.50) and the cab took us right to the Rush street lobby door. I do however get the confusion on the entrance to hotel since the main lobby is really on the 5th floor if you enter from the mall side off Michigan and on the 1st floor if you enter from Rush Street. There was not a wait at check-in and we walked right up to the desk. Stephanie checked us in and though we asked about the view she told us it was limited but that the room had been renovated. She was right...the room had all of the luxury of a 4 Seasons or even a couple of Ritz properties as far as I am concerned. The beds were turned down with soft music playing, a hand written welcome note next to Christofle silver neatly placed next to a generous bowl of fresh fruit, two bottles of cool VOSS water , a full ice bucket and even two small bottles of evian on either side of nite stand with the beds turned down waiting for our arrival. I was floored! There were two large fluffy terry robes with matching slippers and hi-thread count sheets, about 4-5 fluffy pillows, and the lightest but quite comfy euro style duvet ever! The bathroom had no tub( so not as relaxing as it could have been) but had a separate water closet(toilet area) and all marble and granite everything. Molton Brown bath products and beautiful crystal glasses, bath tumblers and soap dishes. There was a very large flat screen TV (about 42&quot;) with a Bose home theatre setup that was phenomenal for listening to relaxing music as well as watching a late nite movie. We could not hear any outside noises from the ground...though we were on the 16th floor, we also couldnt hear any voices from the hall or anywhere else either. Stephanie was right about the view, but I think I only looked out of the window twice to check on the weather in the morning so the view did not matter at all. The bathroom light blew out and the sink had a slow drain but after a call to report this, both issues were resolved on our return to the room in the evening. There was an honor bar, but we did not need to use it since there was plenty of welcome fruit for noshing. We did use the room service for late nite sandwiches ( Classic Club and an Angus Burger ) Both sandwiches delicious and served hot and beautifully but with only one flaw. I requested Blue Cheese and Bacon and both had be be brought separately later as they were not placed on the burger. Once all ingredients got together though there were fabulous. Room service charges not bad at 35.00 for everything including two soft drinks. We had vouchers for complimentary Continental breakfast or you could use it to subtract 12.00 from your meal...the omelet, thick toast, and home fries were cooked to order and delicous and cost 14.00 so this was a reasonable upgrade for 2.00!My girlfriend and I were greeted by name by the hotel staff during our entire stay and I just dont know how they do that, but we felt welcome and appreciated for staying in their hotel...that is quite rare these days! Checkout went very smoothly and Stephanie was on again to make sure we knew where and how to leave our luggage for pick up later as we were not leaving Chicago to late in the evening and had much more shopping to do. This was a wonderful weekend and my stay at the Conrad just made it better. For maximum comfort I would make sure I was in a renovated room. I would definetly stay at the Conrad again! Very, very nice!ps. After arriving home I realized I had left a CD in the theatre system. I called back to inquire if it had been turned it. The person who answered the phone took my name and home phone number and called me back in less than 15 minutes saying that she had indeed located it would send it to me via FEDEX in 2-3 days on them! (To me this is SUPERSTAR service)..I shall return to the Conrad!	
Sep 2 2006 	Great Location on the Magnificant Mile	Great location a block off Michigan Ave. connected to the North Bridge Mall (this feature would be most useful in winter). Two blocks from the Grand Street station on the Red line (especially handy for getting to Wrgley Field). Renovation is in process (no noticable noise) in conversion of the property to a Conrad (apparently it was previously a Le Meridan). Renovated rooms are great, with VERY comfy beds, nice furnishings and bathrooms with seperate shower and tubs and a seperate enclosure for the commode (this is stanadrd in other Conrad's I've been in). Staff was unfailingly polite, but no more efficient than a standard big city hotel. Has a nice workout room. One negative experience: Breakfast service was inexcusably slow. The resturant was not even crowded. Also, no buffet was offered to help mitigate this problem. After I complained, they offered to remove the charges for brakfast, but since it was already included in my rate, it didn't help. BOTTOM LINE: Rooms are worth paying some premium, especially if there will be more than one person in the room. However, there are a plethora of hotels within a few blocks of this, so be sure to check around for rates.	
Aug 28 2006 	Great choice!	A group of my childhood friends stayed at the Conrad for 2 nights to celebrate all of us turning 50 this year. We travelled from all over the US. The whole group loved the Conrad! Even the most clean fanatic guest had no complaints. The staff was always friendly and helpful. The only problem was finding the entrance to the hotel since one entrance connects to the Mall (very convenient for shopping there and on to Michigan Avenue) and the other entrance is on the lower level of the street. Once you find the hotel, it's worth the search, though. During our visit we enjoyed the architectural and historical boat tours with Chicago on the Lake (only a 10 minutes walk from the hotel.) Near the boat tours was an amazing gourmet grocery store and restaurant called Fox and Obel. The hotel is within walking distance to the Art Museum, Millenium Park, Lake Michigan bike rentals and the Navy Pier, lots of shopping and restaurants.  I'd highly recommend the Conrad for anyone looking for a convenient and luxurious (but not stuffy) centrally located place to base a visit to Chicago.	
Aug 28 2006 	Nice Stay Dependable Quick Services	We booked a Romance Package for August 26, 2006, celebrating our 25th Anniversary. Our stay was very pleasant, very smooth. Every request I put in prior to our arrival was taken care of without any delay or missed communication. Early check-in, late check out, bottle of champagne awaiting our arrival, upper floor city view, remodeled room, breakfast the next day in the hotel. All met very smoothly. I guess you have to experience the bad hotels to appreciate hotels such as the Conrad, and I do have some horror stories, even from the best hotels in Chicago. The Conrad gets it done, very simply put. Our room was recently remodeled since it was previously the Le Meridian. It has a plasma TV (picture quality doesn't do it justice, seems like a bad cable signal) and also a Bose CD/DVD player, so you can bring your own selections for your stay. The bed was very comfortable, and the pillows fresh. The room was very quiet, meaning you did not hear any other guests, or plumbing noises from other bathrooms.The bathroom is really great. The deep soaking tub is large enough for two, as is the separate shower with a double headed shower fixture, and a ton of pressure for both the tub and the shower. There is a separate toilet room within the bathroom. Room service was nice, with an afternoon snack taking about 35 minutes to be delivered. At night, the champagne popped unexpectedly when I removed the safety retainer from the above the cork, causing the bottle to tip, knocking over a water glass, which shattered on the rug. A call to the Guest Services for a vacuum, along with a request for additional washclothes forgotten during the turn-down service, got a nice young man up with a vacuum in 4 minutes to vacuum up the glass. He even remembered the washclothes. Very impressive, quick service.So, I would highly recommend the Conrad Chicago to you if you want an attentive, professionally staffed hotel where you can leave any details to the staff, and it will be assuredly taken care of.	
Aug 14 2006 	Super Staff!	I recently stayed in the Conrad and had a terrific experience! I booked my room directly through the Conrad website ($230 per night). Since I drove from Wisconsin, I arrived in the late evening and was immediately greeted by Bryan, the friendliest and most helpful doorman ever! He and Joseph (valet) never failed to greet me upon my return to the hotel or make sure that I knew where I was going when I was leaving. Upon check in, I asked to change my room to one with 2 double beds and this was no problem at all to the front desk staff. I stayed on the 16th floor which gave me a superb view of the thunderstorm the next night and the basketball courts on the adjoining Marriot. Street noise levels acceptable given that the Conrad is just off Michigan Ave in the heart of downtown Chicago. Room was spacious and obviously newly renovated (door stuck a little on the threshold!), but very clean and comfortable. Nice plasma TV and Bose sound system. I particularly liked that the maid staff at turn down left the radio on softly to greet you. Loved the shower - no more walking over slippery tile to get to the towels - but could use more water pressure. Molton Brown toiletries were a nice touch. Ate breakfast in the restaurant on the 5th floor. Food was ok but pricey. Alejandro was an attentive server each morning which I really appreciated.Overall, the Conrad is a pleasing experience. Clean, comfortable and above all friendly and cooperative staff. I disagree with a previous reviewer who thought it was not kid friendly. Even though I didn't have my kids with me, I thought the hotel was certainly suitable enough for them to enquire about their Kids package (my kids are 2 and 4 years old) when I checked out.	
Aug 1 2006 	Happy but a few dings.	We paid $185 per night which was a good price compared to similar hotels on those dates. Most others were over $200. We had originally booked at Hotel 71, but reviewers on Tripadvisor said that it was under construction, noisy etc.This Conrad had converted from Le Meridien over 6 months prior but there were still some aspects which were incomplete.When the cab dropped us off we could not figure out the lobby. There was no one at the Rush street entrance desk and the bellman did not inform us that the lobby is on the 5th floor. Weird.I wish I could remember the guy's name who checked us in because he was super. Friendly and attentive. We overheard the man checking in ahead of us being told his room was not ready and he would have to wait, so we were expecting the same. The desk guy told us not only could we go right up to our room, we were getting one of the newly renovated ones. Sweet. Very nice, new modern decor. Every detail was perfectly taken care of, from the wood encased ice bucket to the fancy wastebaskets. No view. Had to keep the drapes closed or the people in the offices across the street could look in.I looked around for the room directory, the book that tells where the gym is, the restaurants, bar hours etc. and found none. (asked about it later and were told there wasn't one yet due to the changeover.) Mini bar was computerized so we could not put our cold drinks in it or our dinner leftovers later. No coffee maker.When we left for dinner we asked if we could have the minibar fridge emptied. The response was no, because we would be charged for every item! We could have had an empty fridge brought up for $20. We didn't.The ice machine on our floor had an out of order sign for the 4 days we were there so we went to other floors to get ice. What we really liked about the Conrad were its excellent location, walking distance to great restaurants, the river and only 2 blocks from the red line subway station. There is an outdoor lounge on the fifth floor that is phenomenal. The city views and lovely sunset cocktails were to die for. One night they even showed a film. There are many chairs and tables in addition to the bar as well as canopy &quot;beds&quot;. Just dreamy.The staff was so great. On the day we left we needed a late checkout and it was no problem. This time a young woman helped me. I had forgotten to print out my Southwest boarding passes the day before and asked where there was a business center where I could and the lady at the desk did if for me!The last, weirdest thing was again, the lack of coffee maker. The Conrad guide to their properties stated that all Conrads feature in room coffee makers and the checkout survey asked if we had used the coffee maker. On other floors I saw coffee packets on the maid's carts. When we passed through the lobby to depart we asked the staff if there were not supposed to be coffee makers. One gal appeared about to say yes, but the guy who checked us in gave her a look and said no. I suspect that as they remodel they are removing the coffee makers. Odd.All in all I would really reccommend this hotel because it is central, attractive and comfortable and a pretty good value.	
Jul 25 2006 	Amazing	My family and I just got back from Chicago this morning and I had to go ahead and write this review in a little bit of spare time. Just to sum it up, this hotel is amazing. The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful. They went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and provided us with tips to getting around and what stores we just couldn't miss. The location was great, right near Michigan Ave, Grand Ave and Rush st. The only problem we had was when we got to the hotel they gave us a room that had a king bed instead of the two doubles. We called down to the front desk and they had someone come up within 5 minutes to bring us to a different room. Our first room on the 6th floor was very nice, the radio was playing soft music and the bathroom had a shower and a deep bath that I very much wished I could have used. We moved up to the 16th floor for no extra charge and that was also a very nice room. A huge plasma screen TV, complimentary fruit platters and Evion water, Issues of GQ, VOGUE, and helpful travel magazines were on the nightstands and a letter addressed to us welcoming my family and wishing us a nice vacation. The beds were fabulous and I got the best sleep I have gotten in months! The bathroom was spacious and the shower was superb! No deep bath, but that was ok. The view was beyond nice, to one side was Michigan Ave and the other side was Rush st. The window opened a tiny bit so that we could look out, but not far enough so that any of the kids could fall out (good thinking on their part!). We walked everywhere only taking the subway twice and the cab to the airport and the hotel was very easily accessible. There is a Westfield mall that is connected to the hotel that has a giant Nordstroms, a lego store, Forever 21, A sports store, Hugo Boss, Sephora, a food court with a cute Chocolate lounge. We got the room at a GREAT rate since we were there for a business meeting, but when we go back to Chicago we will definitly try and stay at the Conrad!	
Jul 20 2006 	not like other Conrads	Aside from being charged a bogus $500 business center fee,and having &quot;body paint&quot; models in their lobby, it was ok. Friendly staff and waaaaay overpriced accomodations. Very hard to get around in and not a family hotel.	
Jul 17 2006	Country Comes to Chicago	Traveled to Chicago with my daughter and son-in-law to see King Tut. My sister from Baton Rouge met us. We were all delighted with the Conrad. The lobby was beautiful. The staff was all very friendly and helpful - Victor found our lost luggage, the concierge was super, the bell men were attentive and always friendly. The bar tender was awsome. The rooms were lovely expecially the spacious bathroom. The personal touches were a very plesant surprise. A very nice place with a super location central to everything, walking and bus. We would stay there again.	
Jul 10 2006	Do Not Stay Here 	Well, this used to be a Le Meridian Hotel, and it has changed for the worse. We kept having to remind them we booked a package, because we were being over-charged separately for everything, when it should have been included. We were supposed to have champagne in the room upon arrival, and did not. Two phone calls and three hours later, it finally showed up. We tried to have a drink in the bar, and even though we were the ONLY people there, three servers/bartenders came and went, talking to each other, not one of them acknowledging us. After ten minutes we left the hotel and went down the street for a drink. And don't bother to pay extra for &quot;City View&quot;; because you may get the view we had from only the sixth floor, looking across the street directly into a plain brick wall - that is all we could see.Oh yes, the valet lost his cell phone in someone's car, and called me at home today to see if we found it. He wanted me to call him back at home. Nice of the hotel to give out our personal information to the staff, huh?For the money, stay at any other hotel in Chicago with the same price-point and it will be much much better.	
Jul 8 2006	Wonderful hotel - just perfect!	We were so pleasantly surprised by this hotel! We got into Chicago a night earlier than we'd planned, and couldn't get a room at the Sheraton, where we had a reservation to stay the rest of the week. We made an online reservation at the Conrad hotel without seeing a picture of it, and when we arrived in Chicago we were amazed at how wonderful this hotel was. We have two small daughters, 2 and 4, and the staff was wonderful with them, even sending up milk and cookies to our room the first night. After our first night, we cancelled our reservations at the Sheraton because we loved the Conrad so much. It's attached to a great mall (with a Lego store for our girls to play in!) and the location of this hotel is as perfect as you could as for - right by the Chicago River on Michigan Avenue, across the street from the Chicago Tribune Building and a block from the Wrigley Building. A perfect experience, and everyone from the front desk to the bell desk to the room service employees were fantastic. We never expected to have such a great time at a hotel that LOOKED like it'd be TOO nice for us to stay in with our little ones! AND, a great price! We payed almost $150 less per NIGHT than we would have paid at the Sheraton!!! The Conrad was great, and saved us a ton of money! Any time we return we'll ONLY stay at the Conrad!	
Jul 7 2006	Great Hotel 	Stayed here 3 nights, July 4-7. Victor upgraded our room to have a view at no charge. Our smoking room (requested) had no hint of smoke. Room was very nice and clean. Big beautiful bathroom, everything you could ask for and more. Staff very helpful and courteous.. Great location. I called hotel direct and booked room for 167.00 a night. Robes, slippers, turn down service, bottled water were provided. First time to Chicago, and first time staying at a Conrad. My husband and I were both very pleased and had a great trip. This is a great hotel.	
Jul 5 2006	Great weekend	Stayed at the Conrad over the weekend before July 4th. It was a wonderful stay. This hotel has great service and location. We made reservations about 10 days before our stay. And twice was able to rebook at a lower price prior to arrival. We had an executive king room. It had a bed that made it very difficult to get up in the morning, it was so comfortable. Not often that you can stay at a hotel of that quality for just over $200/night.	
Jun 22 2006	Definately coming back	I reserved this hotel room using the Conrad hotel's website for a &quot;net-only&quot; advertised price. For its location and the time of year(summer, Friday night) I felt $150.00 was a steal (normally $375). I was nervous that I would have been stuck with a dingy, room since I had paid so little. Well I was relieved to find the room was immaculate. The King size deluxe room was beautiful. The bathroom was just as terrific. Attention to detail was above all my expectations. All of the staff from the concierge to the doorman were helpful and super friendly. The hotel aura didn't feel pretentious at all. The staff were always willing to help make your stay superior. We called down to schedule a late check-out which was no problem. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. The lobby area was comfortable-contemporary. The terrace was just as relaxing. Within walking distance to the Mag. mile, and great places to eat. Short inexpensive cab rides (ave. $10.00) to museums and area attractions. I was so happy with my stay I look forward to coming back. I am sure you will be just as satisfied with your stay.	
Jun 20 2006	A Great Stay at the Conrad	My stay at the Conrad was wonderful. This hotel is so beautifully decorated and my room was very luxurious. One of the very best parts of my stay was the central location of the Conrad to almost everything of interest in Chicago. I was able to walk to Millinium Park, The Art Institute, all the shops South on Michigan Avenue and I was able to walk North to Oak Street, the historical Water Tower and more great shops along the way. Another very important observation was that the staff is so friendly and accomodating . Makes an out of towner feel very welcome	
Jun 20 2006 	Conrad Delivers Far More Than It Promises.	Just back from three nights at the Conrad, and I can say with complete confidence that this was the single best hotel stay I have ever had anywhere at any time. Having read the reviews carefully, and done my homework about the place I was a bit leery about the &quot;tired&quot; and &quot;worn&quot; comments that I had seen there. Those worries were entirely unfounded. The room I had (on the fifth floor just opposite the elevators) felt brand new. The bed was incredible. The bathroom was nothing short of astounding in its size and the amenities it offered. Conrad's website doesn't show many pictures of what you are likely to get in their rooms, and that gave me a bit of pause when it came time to book; but this is one hotel that delivers far, far more than its description or pictures promises.A big part of a perfect hotel stay is the attentiveness of the staff, and here the Conrad delivered in spades. Even the bell hops were able to provide solid advice on restaurants, shops and other opportunities available in the neighborhood. The conceirge was able to manage all things with a single phone call -- including handing me tickets to the King Tut exhibit that allowed me to jump the line and walk right in. Superb.In terms of location, the Conrad is exceptional. One entrance opens on Rush Street where taxis can be had easily. The other opens into the Westfield NorthBridge mall and then out onto Michigan Avenue and the Mag Mile. Literally, the showiest and best that Chicago has to offer is right outside the door.Perhaps my only criticism is one that is true of all high end hotels: everything is just breathtakingly expensive. Two glasses of wine plus tip easily topped out at twenty-five dollars. Wine plus a very nice dessert of fresh berries out on their stunning terrace (try to snag a couch or one of the beds if you can) pushed forty dollars. I understand that this is how hotels manage to make their bottom line, but it often feels mercenary to me to soak the guests so relentlessly.Finally, a tip to all those who would stay at this amazing hotel: call their reservations line personally. Do not rely on their website or one of the discounters for the best possible rate. By calling seven days before my arrival, I was able to secure a rate of $180 per night (that's less than half the going rate, and only marginally more than some three star properties in the area are charging).When in Chicago, for me, the Conrad is the only place to stay.	
Jun 8 2006	Had a wonderfull time! The staff was the best.	I travel for work all the time and decided to swing by Chicago for a few days vacation after meetings in Northbrook. I have to say the Conrad staff has it down on customer service. I can’t find one thing about my stay that was less than 5 stars. They went out of their way to treat us like the royal family. We wanted to see the King TUT exhibit at the last minute…no problem, the concierge had “any time” VIP tickets right there. We zipped past all the lines right in to the exhibit.Boat rides, restaurant advice, anything you needed they could help. The outdoor lounge was relaxing to have a drink at after a long day sightseeing, the tenderloin appetizer was to die for. We had breakfast in the dining room every morning, great fresh coffee made table side, fresh orange juice, excellent eggs benedict, crispy bacon, very attentive wait staff that actually volunteered to turn down the music a bit because they thought it was going to bother us . WOW! Our suite was very nice with huge bath towels and every amenity you could think of. We had the best time! I can’t wait to go back.	
May 30 2006 	Caution to business travelers who expect to work in your rooom	Another reviewer mentioned the uncomfortable working situation at the in-room desk. The desk chair is like an arm chair meant for TV watching, not working at a desk. It was way too low, such that my arms had to reach up to the desktop to work on my laptop and the 6-inch thick seat cushion deflated to a pancake when I sat on it. It was excruciatingly uncomfortable. Made a stressful business trip even worse -- just the opposite of what a good business hotel should do.There was only a meager buffet when I went down for breakfast; no a la carte. Despite there being several jars of jam on the table, there was no butter; and none on the buffet, which I realized after I had made my toast. Of course it took five minutes to get some from the kitchen.Such a shame asthe hotel is rather nice; and the staff couldn't have been kinder or more helpful. The decor is just a little past interesting to being somewhat strange. Kind of like somewhat at Disney's vision of a high-end tomorrowland. I kept wanting to like the hotel as it's the kind of higher-end, smaller hotel I like, but they made it hard for me. I would never go back.For the price I paid --- over $260 -- I think you can do much better in Chicago.	
Mar 19 2006	Friendly Staff	I stayed at the conrad with my sister . We were treated like family. Any requested we ask for the staff went out of the way to help us. We ask for a late check out not a problem. I could not belive howbig the bathroom was. The room are very modern looking. I am looking forward to our next visit to the conrad .	
Mar 12 2006	Great location	As a travel professional, I practically live in hotels, and I was very impressed with the staff at the Conrad Chicago.From my first contract with the bellman, everyone was universally helpful and friendly without being patronizing.Our corner suite had a great view of the John Hancock Building and if we looked farther north we could see Lake Michigan. The furnishings were a bit worn, but the bed was wonderful and the bathroom, very large and well-designed.The staff did a great job of taking care of my family (we used Hilton Honors reward vouchers to pay for the rooms) and the next time I stay in downtown Chicago, I hope to stay at the Conrad Hilton.(Also being connected to Nordstrom's and the shoppng mall was very convenient.)	
Feb 6 2006	Loved the Conrad!!	Stayed at the Conrad Feb. 3-5 and it was excellent. Room was very nice and clean, and the cleaning staff always made sure we had what we needed. The doormen were beyond great, always helping in any way they could. They even made arrangements to have a sedan drive us to the airport for just a little more than a cab would have cost. The concierge was also very helpful and printed out our bording passes ahead of time for us. The whole staff at the hotel was very friendly and eager to help in any way. They haven't even had time to change over to the Conrad amenities yet, but I still found the stay excellent and will definitely go back! Yes, you have to change elevators to get to your room, but I just didn't find that to be a big deal. Great staff, great rooms, great location, great hotel.	
Jan 3 2006	Flag Change Not at All Smooth	I live in Chicago and have frequent occasion to recommend hotels to friends and business acquaintances. We recently put up a candidate (and his family) we were recruiting for our company at the Conrad. We had had good luck with this hotel when it was a Le Meridien. It was a disappointment for all concerned as a Conrad. On the plus side, our guests were able to check in early with no problem and they generally liked their room.On the downside…They learned after the fact that all rooms with two beds have no bath tub (only a shower). Our guests moved to a room with a bath tub and found hairs in it, which they had to clean themselves.When the coffee bar had no caffeinated coffee and our guests asked for some, they were told it would be delivered immediately. When they called 30 minutes later the front desk admitted that they had “forgotten.”While the concierge and doorman were quite helpful, our guests told us that the front desk personnel were sullen and unresponsive. Our guests were generally under whelmed by one of the “five best hotels in Chicago.” Conrad has a long way to go to compete with the Four Seasons, Peninsula and Park Hyatt.	
Dec 25 2005	One of Chicago's BEST!	I have been in the travel industry for 13 plus years and have traveled extensively and the Conrad Chicago is one of the best hotels I've stayed at... Throughout my stay I was impressed with the quality of service provided. All the staff, from the front desk to room service treated me like I was a V.I.P. I would recommend the Conrad Chicago to anyone who is lokoing for simply the best. They are doing a fantastic job.	
Dec 4 2005	No disappointments at all	We just spent 3 nights at the Conrad and having read some of the recent reviews and knowing of the change of management etc., I was concerned. Our party had 3 rooms (for 6 people) and I must say that we were all pleased with all aspects of the hotel. The location is great, the beds were great, and contrary to other reviews, the staff could not have been more friendly or accomodating. The rooms and common areas were very clean, functional, and comfortable. I have stayed in many properties on Michigan Ave., 4 and 5 star, and based on our experience, the Conrad is no disappointment. We did not dine on site solely because of the great variety of restaurants a block or two away. The elevators are a little quirky, i.e. the lobby is on the fifth floor, and you change elevators to go to the rooms, but this is no big deal at all. We highly recommend this property.	
Nov 18 2005 	The Conrad Was A Disappointment	The Conrad Hilton recently took over this property from the failed Meridian Hotel. It seems that the Conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn't work.The entrance is very difficult to find. There are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby. As a result, there was often a line waiting for them. The same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area. If you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay, you will find the poor elevator layout annoying. The King room is what I would consider small compared to other Chicago hotels. Although I like modern design, the room was quite stark and cold. It was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear. The bathroom was the best part. Has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk? It was the most uncomfortable set-up I've experienced. The views are non-existent for most of the rooms. In a city with amazing vistas, this was disappointing. I saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them. Room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay. Excellent food and high quality presentation. Sorry I couldn't write a better review. Would I stay here again? No. Chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them.	
Nov 16 2005	Excellent Hotel and location	I recently stayed at the Le Meridien Hotel which has been renamed THE CONRAD CHICAGO (part of the Hilton Family of hotels) from November 10 -- 13, 2005.This hotel is wonderful! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Check in was very easy. The lobby is located on the fifth floor and easy to access. The location can't be beat! With Norstroms attached it makes for easy access to many shops. The room was large and clean. We had a superior room with two doubles. The view wasn't great (7th floor) but I wasn't there for the views. We asked for more towels and it was immediately brought up to our room.The hotel is within walking distance to many great shops on North Michigan Ave as well as many attractions.Do not hestitate to stay here! You will enjoy it.	
Nov 3 2005	Very friendly hotel	We arrived late in Chicago, due to a thunderstorm at O'Hare, and wondered if our room would still be there.On arrival,the room was still waiting! - and the reception staff were as friendly and helpful, as any hotel we have ever been to.Travelling from the UK, we had left behind our travel adaptor, but the bellhop was soon off looking for one for us.Also, as we were travelling up the coast of Lake Michigan in a convertible car after leaving Chicago, I enquired if the hotel could recommend a private storage company where we could leave golf clubs and surplus luggage -- we were flying back to the Uk from Chicago 1 week later.No, problem was the reply - you can leave them here free of charge.So, overall, great value,great location good sized, clean room, exceptionally friendly staff, including doormen.Having travelled extensively, you can always find fault if you look long enough, but the genuine welcome we received at Le Meridien is most worthy of comment.	
Oct 31 2005 	Don't bother	On the plus side, it's in a pretty good location (Magnificent mile), and the rooms are clean.Otherwise, I found this hotel to be deplorable. Certainly NOT a 5 star hotel. The service was bad- really bad.First, we had a little issue finding the hotel, and directing friends to the lobby, as well. It is located on the second floor of a mall- that's the only entrance. When we arrived, the bellman did not offer to take our bags- instead, he quickly told us we could only park our car for 10 minutes at the most, while we checked in. No 'hello', 'welcome', or any offer of valet service or help with bags- and my husband and I were traveling with a 2 month old- we clearly needed help.After getting to the check in desk (located in a very ho-hum, ungrand lobby), and complaining about the bellmen downstairs, and asking for it, did we get valet service and our bags brought upstairs. The room was decent (except a previous tenent had drawn all over the walls in the bathroom, and there was a lingering odor of sewage for all 4 nights). The bed was clean, but honestly, any Sheraton for $100 has much better beds. Coming from me, that's a pretty despicable thing to say- I only stay at 5 star hotels whenever possible.For $399 a night, I expect more than 2 pillows on the bed, and just the little things- sewing kit, cotton balls, etc. Any of these details, while free at most other classy hotels, are available 'upon request only'. Their room service stops at 11pm. After that, you can only get like a ham sandwich, rolls, or fruit. That's pretty crappy. The bellmen never opened the door for us. Instead, I had to maneuver a stroller, umbrella, and open the door, while the employees stood there.There were no 'good afternoon's from anyone. In fact, some front desk employees spoke very minimal English.Umbrellas were not offered or available.Upon checkout, after waiting 20 minutes at least, and calling twice, we gave up on waiting for a bellman to retrieve our luggage. Instead, we shlepped our baby and many pieces of luggage all the way downstairs. This is NOT a five star hotel, and I will never stay here again. I'm sorry I ever left the Ritz- where they always treat you right.	
Oct 27 2005	Good price great location clean room!	Just a short review here to help anyone who is interested in this hotel-The hotel is in a great location on Rush St. next to Michigan Ave. About a 1 minute walk to the great shops on the Magnificent Mile.There is a walkway to a mall in the lobby so you don't have to go outside if you want to do some quick shopping.Room was nice- view wasn't that great, but the price was fabulous for a hotel in that location in Chicago. The room was clean, but the walls were a little dirty with hand prints and such. Rendevous bar was quaint and had great martinis! Everyone was very friendly and helped us out with anything we needed.If you want a 5 star hotel with spectacular views, try the Ritz Carlton or The Peninsula. But you pay much more. This hotel is perfect for anyone who just wants a clean place to sleep for a good price in a great location for downtown shopping.	
Oct 26 2005	Our "Home" in Chicago	Our son lives in Chicago, and we visit him several times a year. Le Meridien is where we stay every single time as long as the rate is around 200 dollars or less. The location is great. It is right on Michigan Avenue within the Nordstrom's North Bridge Shopping &quot;mall&quot;. From the Le Meridien eleveator on the fifth floor, you can go straight into the mall/Nordstrom's without having to go outside. You can also go straight down to Wacker Ave./the cross street that takes you straight to Navy Pier. On this lower level, there are plenty of excellent restaurants like Joe's or simple places to eat like Cosi. It's a good 10 to 15 min walk to Water Tower Place and the North end of Michigan, but also close to the Loop, Millenium Park, Chicago Institute of Art, and the River (for Architectural boat tours, etc.).The rooms are very nice. Nice size, nice decor, good beds, great big bathrooms with a big glassed-in shower 'room' and tub - all marble vanity, etc. It is on par with the Westin or the Omni. It's better than the Marriott which is next door. The front desk can sometimes be a little standoffish. They will comply with your wishes, though, and are generally helpful. As another reviewer noted, the local phone call charges are unique. I'm not sure it's $1.5/min for a local call. I think it's $1.5 per local call. If you book the business rate, though, local calls are free. Clearly you should find out what the charge is first. Of course, you can always use your cell phone. We really like Le Meridien. It's great that it's in the North Bridge shopping center b/c when the weather is too hot or too cold, you can still go 'out' to Nordstroms Cafe for yummy coffee (or the new Nordstroms 'diner' on the 4th floor?) AND the Nordstrom's Spa is now open too, and of course, go shopping. The location along Michigan Ave. is pretty perfect too; everything in Chicago is a quick taxi ride or an avg. walk away. The rooms are quiet, well appointed, nicely airconditioned/heated, with good housekeeping, and bathrooms. Once the rate starts to go around 300 or more, you might start to feel like you are not getting your money's worth, though.	
Oct 24 2005	Great Location	We stayed at the LM for three nights in October 2005. We took a redeye and were pleasantly surprised to be able to check in at 6:30 a.m. with no additional charge. This was a lifesaver for us. The location is awesome - - you don’t even have to go outside to get to Nordstrom and the mall. The only downside is the fact that they charge you for the internet...we paid $13.00 for one day’s access, which isn’t the end of the world, but our friends stayed at the Four Points Sheraton (also very nice and good location - and a bit cheaper) and they didn’t get charged for internet access. Overall we were very pleased.	
Oct 15 2005	good location hotel	just arrived back from a three day trip to Chicago staying at this hotel. We found the hotel to be very clean throughout with good size bedroom and bathroom. Quite a nice bar area for a drink or snack although these are expensive I paid over $11 plus tip for a small glass of wine. The staff were helpful, efficient and very pleasant. The only complaint I have is when I wanted to check my emails on the internet I was asekd by reception had I got my lap top and if I didn't I could go to the business centre on the 8th floor and there would be a charge. When I got there the charge was $40 for the intial use. This amount would be taken from my credit card.I have travelled a lot staying in very good hotels and have never been asked for that amount for a short while to surf the net. The hotel is in a good location for shopping, it is located in the Nordstrom Shopping Mall on Michegan Avenue also it is within walking distance to Navy Pier and all the main attractions. On arrival at Chicago airport we got the Continental express downtown one way and coming back to the airport we got a taxi. I have to add that the taxi was only a difference of $10 more and was a better transfer - no stopping off at all the hotels. Chicago is not a great airport for hanging around for any length of time - very basic shopping, restaurants and bars and these are mainly located outside the security area. If I go back to Chicago I would stay here again especially for the location.	
Sep 29 2005	the Fleecing of america	Booked a 4 night stay in late September, '05, with an &quot;executive&quot; room, at $399/night.On the positive side, the location is ideal for Mag Mile shopping, room was spatious and comfortable. Public areas well decorated.On the negative side, service was deplorable. I made no less than 5 trips to the front desk in the first 2 days to get a second key card that would open my door. They never offered to save me the trip by delivering it to the room, even though I asked them to on one occasion. Once the front desk clerk said she would accompany me to the room to make sure it worked, then she disappeared to the rear of the reception area...I never saw her again.There is a choice of sleeping covered with a heavy comforter or only a sheet; no blanket in the room. I requested that a blanket be placed on the bed by the turndown housekeeper. She left it folded on the comforter for me to install.The worst thing, outrageous actually, was when I discovered a small pamphlet in the desk drawer listing charges for internet access, etc. As I was using a dialup connection I was interested in local telephone charges; local calls were $1.50...(get this)...PER MINUTE!!. Quite sure that this was a printing error, I called the front desk. No, I was told, no error, but they gave you a break after 60 minutes...10 cents a minute (after you have spent $90). Needless to say, I dared not even look at the phone.I canceled the remaining 2 nights, and moved to the Ritz-Carlton a few blocks north. My stay there was a delight. Local calls were $1.00, period.	
Sep 21 2005	Outstanding	My husband and I stayed at Le Meridien for a long weekend, and we had a great time. The hotel was in a good location and everthing is easily accessible. The staff were extremely helpful, giving lots of information and answering all our questions (although we were told the wrong times for the fireworks at Navy Pier, so missed them). The rooms were large, and the beds very comfortable. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 14 2005	5 star stay	my friend and i flew into chicago for a convention. we had reserved a room at the meridian in chicago online. as we arrived, we so pleasantly surprised by a number of things. the staff were meticulously dressed, and polite and helpful, and the foyer was stunning in it's decoration. they were very accomodating to us in changing our room from a kind sized bed, to two double beds. no problems at all. our room was very luxurious. the linens and covers and pillows on the beds were the finest cotton, sparkling and crisp, and beautiful. the furniture was gorgeous and the decorating theme was lovely. our stay was wonderful. i recommend the meridian as a luxury hotel.	
Sep 7 2005	Very Nice Great Location	We satyed at LM for 2 nights and had a great stay. We were able to check in early. Upon entering our room we noticed that it was not as clean as we hoped. We called the front desk and were given a new room right away, with a much better view. Try to get a room on the 15th floor or higher. The further away from the center (elevators) the better the view of Michigan Ave. The room was large, decorated nicely with large picture windows. The bathrooms were also large with a walk in shower and seperate toilet. They have an outdoor patio off the lobby that is great for having a quiet cup of coffee. The staff at the front desk was very helpful. We were charged for a snack from the fridge. We didn't actually eat it, but my nephew moved it from its original locatin then put it back. The front desk had no problem taking it off of our bill. The LM is in a great location, espically to the navy pier. Just a 10 min walk. There is also a mall attached to the hotel that is great. The Mag mile is right there. We will certainly return to the LM when in Chicago.	
Aug 29 2005	Superb	If you are looking for a great hotel, Le Meridien is it. Right in the middle of all the action, very nice staff, nice room with comfortable beds. The room was a little smaller than I thought for the money, but the bathroom is very spacious. The room was very clean. Nice huge bathsheets, comfortable slippers. Turndown service has to be requested, but worth it. We were allowed to check in early and check out late, without a hassle. Great staff, great location.	
Aug 26 2005	Excellent value	Having enjoyed my stay during a business trip visit, I booked a five night stay for my family's first visit to Chicago this August. If funds had been unlimited, I would have booked the Peninsula, which is without a doubt the finest hotel I have have ever stayed at, but Le Meridien made it easy by offering a terrific rate for the two rooms and a slightly more convenient location a few blocks further South on the Magnificent Mile and therefore closer to the Museums and sights we wanted to see.  It is true that some rooms do not have great views. One of ours did, the other didn't. If views of the Lake or the architectural grandeur of Chicago are a must, there are better choices. But for the money, I think the Meridien was a terrific value. For instance, The Ritz Carlton, which I stayed at the previous week, was a beautiful hotel with lovely views. It was also more than $100 more per night. The rooms are well sized and if the beds are not the most comfortable you have ever slept in, then I envy you. It was also extremely quiet. In short, it's a very comfortable hotel and a great place for those seeking to unwind. The baths are large and luxurious; the bath in the double bedded room contained both a bath and shower stall while the king room had a more traditional bath/shower combination. And huge bath sheets are supplied instead of bath towels. As other posters have noted, it is primarily a business hotel, but we never exerienced any problems with service travelling as a family of four, two of whom were teenagers. To the contrary, the staff were unfailingly polite and helpful. They printed us our boarding passes without hesitation. The concierge desk, I must admit, is strangely operated. There seemed to be whole days when it was unstaffed. (Maybe because they're French and it was August). But since the desk staff was able to assist with all our inquiries, this oddity did not prove to be a problem. But if you need frequent and easy access to a true &quot;concierge&quot;, Le Meridien may let you down.  The hotel is within walking distance of a number of good restaurants and the original Pizzaria Uno (and its sibling Due) are around the corner if that is your thing. It is so convenient in fact that we never ate at the hotel and never ate at any restaurant twice. I do not understand the negative comments about the confusing lobby or entrances. Yes, you take an elevator up from street level to the lobby. This is a security feature. In this respect it is no different from many hotels, including the Ritz and Peninsula in Chicago. You would never use the entrance through the mall unless you specifically desired to go through the mall. I would think most would find this an added convenience.In all, I was very pleased and would not hesitate to return.	
Aug 25 2005	Great Hotel	My son and I stayed for 4 nights. It's location is great, walking distance for shopping and eating. Attached to the department store Norstorms and a mall. There is a good food court and interesting shops. Also easy to obtain a cab or the bus to museums. Chicago is a friendly town. The staff is attentitive at the hotel and very curtious. The beds are oh so comfortable.	
Aug 25 2005	Lovely hotel	Love the atmosphere of the hotel, quiet, in the center of the city, friendly staff and lovely rooms. the bed is marvelous. stayed there for a month and would love to return soon.	
Aug 21 2005	Great Hotel quiet understated luxury..	Once my friend and I checked into this hotel, we visited other hotels on the Magnificent Mile to compare and see if we were missing anything. Nope. This hotel has a fantastic location, adjacent to the huge mega-luxury mall. Great place to be stuck if its raining oustide and you have time to kill. It has subtle luxuries like the most comfortable pillows in the world. A light above each Double Occ bed with dimmer so that your other guest is not disturbed by the light!!! Everything looked new and clean, as if it were recently built.The only negative is the main lobby is a bit plain-Jane. You might not even recognize you in the lobby, it doesn't have a grand lobby appearance. Nothing in this hotel is going to make your jaw drop, but its the best place to stay for the money as far as I'm concerned. I'm headed back this September.	
Aug 17 2005	Sleep well at Le Meridian	We are from Calgary in Western Canada and this was our first trip to Chicago. I read all the hotel reviews before booking at Le Meridian. I was not disappointed. When checking in we were asked if we would like to upgrade our room for an extra $25 per night which we declined. We were on the 9th floor with no view which was OK as we didn't spend much time in our room. I must admit I was a little disappointed when I saw the room - the color scheme is very neutral and it didn't seem to have the wow that I expected from the virtual tour in Expedia. However after looking around I realized it was a superior room. The bathtub made it for me - after a long day of walking it was great to come back and soak, the towels were oversize and a robe was provided. As this is a business hotel in was very quiet - never heard a door slam and my husband and I had the best sleeps ever in the very comfortable bed with beautiful linen. I agree with other reviewers about the entrance - you have to take two separate elevators to get to your room and also pass the bar in the lobby that just reeks of cigarette and cigar smoke. The location is great and we were close to all the action. For fine dining I would recommend the Blue Water Grill (hip and happening restaurant - lots of action) for great seafood and live jazz upstairs, for Italian - Coco Pazzo Cafe, and of course Gibsons for steak! All of these restaurants are within walking distance from Le Meridian.	
Aug 4 2005	Great hotel	We chose Le Meridien based on the reviews posted here and were not dissapointed. Four star quality for around $200 a night is a good find. The staff was very helpful and everything is very clean. In fact, it was so clean like we were the first ones to stay in our room. having the lobby on the 5th floor was a little quirky, but not a big deal at all. Hotel is close to everything...shopping, dining, and only a two block walk to the El. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Aug 1 2005	Great hotel complicated floor plan	Just returned from a conference at the hotel. After reading multiple reviews here about the less-than-enthusiastic service, I was prepared to be underwhelmed; couldn't be less true, for me at least. Everyone was gracious and very helpful. If you are staying in the hotel, you have to go down to the lobby (5th floor) and go to another bank of elevators to reach the meeting rooms. Lots of shopping (the hotel is connected to a mall with Nordstrom's) and great restaurants nearby.	
Aug 1 2005	Quietest Hotel we have ever been in!	After a great deal of research and checking online reviews we chose Le Meridien for a five night visit to Chicago. We booked directly with the hotel chain and found that was the best rate available. While the rate was not what could be called a bargain, we felt it was well worth the price. We requested a non-smoking, quiet room and that is what we were given. In the five night stay we never heard plumbing, tvs or voices from other rooms. We were near Michigan Avenue and hardly heard a sound. The windows opened which is a nice option. Smoking is still permitted in public places in the city and it did keep us from using the bar and the lobby, but that is a comment on the city more than the hotel. The room was heavenly offering cleanliness, comfort, luxury and quiet. It was the basic room and there was no sense of being crowded. The bathroom was great, particularly for an extended stay, with both a drawer and cupboard in addition to the very long granite counter. We have never used a tub in all the years of travelling, always prefering a shower, but couldn't resist this one. It was very deep and comfortable with great water pressure that filled it quickly. The front desk staff tried to be helpful and were always pleasant. The concierge was often absent from the desk and unavailable and did not have all the printed material that other hotels have on hand. The cost of using the phone was a problem as we were trying to keep costs down and at $1.50 per local call and 60 cents per minute it would have added up quickly. The front desk did call and make reservations for us which was great. The main entrance is on Grand not Michigan with the lobby on the fifth floor. There was access to Michigan via the shopping mall which was probably the biggest annoyance since the elevator was very slow. The location was perfect for shopping and using public transit and walking to many of the most popular places to visit. If we visited the city again we would stay at Le Meridien.	
Jul 23 2005	Best Place in town	Stayes here last week for 3 nights. Best hotel I have ever stayed in. Staff is very friendly, very clean rooms, great views. Reception, Door and Bell staff were friendliest I have ever met. Will go back	
Jul 23 2005	Dont use the telephone or bother with the comment card	Stayed at the end of May 2005. Room size OK. Nice view of a slab of concrete from our room. Asked for a twin room and was given a double! Air conditioning made a constant backgound din.We were travelling on to the Bellagio in Las Vegas so made one call from the room to make sure that they were going to have twin beds available due to the mess up at the Meridien. Was on the telephone for two or three minutes. Charge was nearly $14, including $10 for connection. Now, I am used to London call costs and they were nothing compared to this rip off. I complained to the receptionist who seemed to agree but was not able to do anything.I thought, lets fill in the comment card to let them know that in this day and age its just not on. I thought I might get a reply trying to justify the cost, you know, equipment maintenance costs etc etc. Never recieved a reply.Oh well. Last time I stay at a Meridien. The Bellagio was fantastic.	
Jul 5 2005	Want to love Le Meridien	I wanted to love Le Meridien. I did love parts of it. We were allowed to check in early on Friday July 1st, which was nice after a stressful busy travel morning. The Rush Street doormen were always nice and helpful. The lobby and bar are beautiful. I loved the whimsical paintings in the lobby. Our room was beautifully decorated; very contemporary with light wood furnishings, white duvets and linens, and neutral carpeting. The bed was to die for. Slept like babies both nights of our stay. The bathroom was lovely too, with its granite countertop and oversized shower (no tub in our room). Separate toilet which was nice, but no exhaust fan. It's a city, so you're going to get a view of the neighboring building, but we could see a bit of both Michigan Avenue and Rush Street from our vantage point on the 12th floor. The location was ideal. The negatives were minor, and I will give Le Meridien another chance, but it was mildly disappointing after I thought about it a bit. One of the 2 sconces in the bathroom was burnt out, which might seem minor, but it made the bathroom rather dark and difficult to apply makeup, etc. We left the light on when we left in the morning, hoping housekeeping would remedy it, but they didn't, so we called down on our 2nd day there. Being low-maintenace types, it was the only call we made, and they said they would send someone up, and did as we were heading to the bar, but he didn't replace the light. He removed the light bulb and never came back. Maybe something was wrong with the fixture, but they didn't mention it, and it would've been nice if they had. We were left thinking Huh, they didn't fix the one minor thing we asked them to. The other thing was I dropped my pillow and when I picked it up, it had more hairs on it than I would care to see. That was kind of gross, and made me wonder about the thoroughness of the vacuuming jobs and cleaning in general. Some of the front desk people were friendly, some not so much, but that's incidental to me. We had breakfast on our last day, and our waiter was somewhat curt, which pretty much mirrored the comments in Zagat's. But the bartenders were nice, and remembered us, and made a mean drink to boot. Checkout was noon, but they stowed our bags and had them waiting at the Rush Street entrance. We were tired by the end of our weekend and were going to take a cab back to the airport, but the doorman said they had a sedan that would take us to Midway for a flat fee of $40. It's easily $30-$35 in a cab, and more if you're stuck in Taste of Chicago traffic, so that was a nice way to leave Le Meridien, via a Lincoln. I'll definitely give Le Meridien another try, since again any negatives were minor...	
Jul 5 2005	better customer service at the motor vehicle department	My husband and I stayed at Le Meridien July 1 through July 4th. We booked through their website at $159 a night. Everyone during the checking in process was friendly and helpful. All the desk people seemed to be from France or have French accents. The Room: Very small. The views were non-existant. The bed was very comfortable, linens and duvet cover were high thread count and great quality. I am always pleased to have duvet covers so that I don't worry about grime, hairs and body fluids on a comforter cover which has not been laundered in ages. Pillows very comfortable and plush. Rooms painted a pale yellow with tasteful pictures on the wall. Furnishings were blond wood with brushed silver handles. All very modern. Along with bedside lamps there was track lighting with adjustable brightness to make reading much more pleasant. Like the other TA poster, I loved the mirror in the hallway. Decent sized closet in the hallway with iron and ironing board. Our room was well insulated. I never heard noise from the hallways or any of my neighbors. Some of the city noise was impossible to block out, but overall, very quiet.The Bathroom: Sublime. Very large and functional. Seperate deep sitting tub which actually had lumbar support. Large granite counter tops and Grohe fawcets. Wonderful, thristy, huge towels. Bathroom was behind a seperate door. Stand up shower very average. Beautiful torche sconces on either side of the mirror created rather flattering lighting. Soap dish and shower products set on elegant silver Nambe styled plates.The hotel is in a great location. Right behind Nordstrom's. The entry is confusing and can be hard to find. It is up on the 5th floor. On Sat. evening the concierge was very pleasant and helpful. Then things changed on Sunday. Since we were checking out on the 4th of July I knew the airport was going to be a madhouse. I called the front desk and asked them if they can via online print out our boarding pass. Most hotels do this nowdays. They acted as if I was picking my nose. They instructed me to go to the business center and bring my credit card with me. I told them that was absurd. They brushed me off onto the concierge who said they sometimes do this service but it was not a good time and she would call back. Never called back. I called again, the French accent was gone! She said it was too busy and to forget about asking her to do this in the morning before our flight because &quot;we have over 150 people checking out then&quot;. So we caved in and went to the business center the next morning. $15 minimum and $1.50 to print out the boarding passes. When checking out there were all kinds of honor bar charges assessed to our room, including an 'intimancy kit'. The staff was very prompt in eliminating these charges. I was suprised to see our local calls were $1.50 each. Even more suprising was that the front desk was very quiet with no lines. The concierge was doing nothing! Would I stay here again, unlikely. I got the impression they were not interested in my business. Through my observation in the lobby, they bent over backwards to ensure a perfect stay for those who booked higher end rooms. I guess this is true at most places; however, they were not so blatantly in your face obvious in their bias.	
Jul 5 2005	Le Meridien is Le Perfect Location of the Year	I just recently returned for a four day three night stay at Le Meridien, and I've got to say - for THE perfect location and THE good deal, this is THE hotel to go to. Service was great - helped us get baggage out of car while taxi driver didn't and helped us put baggage in car while taxi driver didn't. We also requested a dental kit during our stay because my daughter forgot her toothbrush and it was delivered in a matter of minutes. They have a numerous amount of kits available free of charge - shaving, dental, sewing, etc. The location - as I mentioned (hehe) - is perfect. Our view from the room was onto a road perpendicular to the Mag Mile, but not that bad. There is an entrance from Rush Street, I believe, and one on the mile itself. The elevator system is a bit confusing though - the ones on the right of the reception desk take you down to the Rush Street Lobby, the ones by the restaurant take you to your room, while the elevator down the hall past the bar takes you to the adjoining mall. They have a wonderful &quot;chocolate lounge&quot; - Ethel's chocolate lounge - on the ground floor of this mall that you just HAVE to go to! They have the most delightful chocolate ever - I suggest the Earl Grey truffle, the honey truffle, and the pistachio truffle. American Pie is also very good. Oh, I just love all of them! This hotel is within 15 - 20 walking distance (usually way less) of a lot of major visiting points. Now, the room itself was wonderful - the beds were very soft, the bathrooms clean, and the furniture very contemporary. In this hotel, I only have two &quot;complaints&quot; - the European attitude towards smoking is prevalent here, and the bar/lobby is sometimes hard to breathe in. The hallways seemed fine, though. Also, you are warned - touched/removing anything from the mini bar will automatically add that item to your bill, so don't take it unless you want to buy it. We had about $30 racked up in soda costs, but they were taken off with one word - sorry (hey, even though they messed up, the service was still impeccable!). Just don't do it, and check your bill, just in case. Overall, we loved this hotel and will definitely visit again if we come back to Chicago.	
Jul 4 2005	Okay	I really, really, did not want to write a negative review of Le Meridien. It was one of my favorite choices in Chicago, based on Tripadvisor and other reviews, but somehow it left me a bit disappointed with a big question mark in my head. Upon check in, I advised that this is my first visit to Chicago and also my birthday weekend. I did not recieve a happy birthday wish or anything. We were assigned a room on the 9th floor with a west view (think rooftops and uncharming buildings). The room itself was clean and clean smelling. Not smoky or dusty or moldy. The bathroom was not sparkly clean though as there were minor mildew sightings in the shower. I really did not expect this. The one robe in the bathroom was old and used looking and needed some bleach. I did not use it.The furnishings gave you the feeling of spring -- light bright and citrusy (blond furnishings, light green carpeting, light yellow walls). I loved the huge wall mirror by the closet. We received the newspaper each morning and our room was cleaned each day. There was no turndown service provided on any of the two nights.The bathroom was one of the largest I have seen to date -- deep soaking tub, long/huge single counter, doored toilet -- which makes me question why the shower was not roomier. I really, really expected much, much more from Le Meridien and would probably give them another try, in another city.	
Jul 1 2005 	Good location	Meridien is in a good location and the majority of the staff are very friendly and helpful. Rooms were comfortable, clean and spacious. However, we advise that you do NOT ask for English Breakfast Tea at breakfast because, although it is supplied on the complimentary beverage tray in the bedrooms, you will be told that you CAN NOT have it at breakfast - only fruit teas. Rather frustrating when you know it's in the building! Make a fuss and they'll find it. Pity this is our lasting impression of a good hotel.	
Jun 17 2005	Not great	It's all about cost. If you pay top dollar then you expect it to be pretty good. But we found the reception desk staff a little too sniffy for our liking. They weren't friendly and if the phone rang while you were speaking with them, they would just walk away from you and take the call.Most of the rooms on one side of the hotel from about floor 12 or 13 upwards will have to tolerate the extremely loud air conditioning machinery located on a rooftop right outside. I had to wear earplugs at night to drown the noise out.On the plus side, the room was comfortable and the bathroom was sizeable, although we also stayed in the Sofitel and the room there was much nicer and a lot cheaper! I don't think I would stay at the Meridien again. It's a nice hotel, but it doesn't live up to the high prices.	
Jun 10 2005 	Nothing but excellent service	Arrived on 06/04/05, greeted by friendly doorman, and zipped up to the 5th Floor Lobby. Very open lobby area with friendly reception staff. Room was on the 12th Floor and very nice. Everything was in order and very clean! The king size bed was nice and each night I had a restful sleep. Bathroom was large with separate glass shower stall. The room was furnished with everything I needed including internet hook-up access. Also, you can walk thru on the 5th Fl to the Westfield North Bridge Shopping Mall, where you will enjoy Nordstrom and other stores. Of course, you're steps from Michigan Ave. too. The central location of the hotel was great, as I could walk to most places. The CTA Subway stop (Grand Ave. on Red Line) was an easy 2 block walk. I will stay here again on my next trip to Chicago!	
Jun 2 2005	excellent location	LeMeridien is a first class hotel in an excellent location. It is possible to walk to the loop and all parts of the magnificent mile. The rooms are large and comfortable and havae windows that open. Service is friendly. The only complaint is not enough water pressure in the shower.	
May 24 2005	Very bad views	First of all the good things about this hotel: Good location on Michigan Avenue. Large bathrooms. Some very friendly employees. Nice beds.Now the two bad things:I had a charge of over thirty dollars added onto my bill for room service which I didn't have. No apology. It's only because I was vigilent that I saw this.I paid more for a deluxe room which was advertised on their website as having &quot;beautiful views&quot;. The first room we were given was a close up view of the adjacent building. I asked to be moved to another room, and although it was higher and was slightly better, I certainly wouldn't call the view &quot;beautiful&quot;. At this point I was tired from jetlag, so gave up trying for a better view, but I was really annoyed by this. It amounts to lying on the website if the views described are said to be &quot;beautiful&quot; but in reality are far from it. I made a point of complaining about this on the questionaire in the room.In summary, if you appreaciate the great location and want to stay here then do not pay extra for a deluxe room advertised as having &quot;beautiful views&quot;.	
May 15 2005 	Nice Hotel	I stayed here for my first visit to Chicago. The room an bathroom were great. Very quiet. I usually have trouble sleeping in most hotels, but the other reviews were right! The bed is great and better than most I have experienced during my travels. There is no internet in the rooms, but I would definitely stay here again.	
May 4 2005	Le Meridien - A Truly Brilliant Experience!	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Meridien with our three teenage daughters for easter 2005. The location couldn't have been better - within walking distance of art gallaries, surrounded by great shops (and hotel access into super shopping mall meant that daughters could comfortably go out alone), good variety of excellent restaurants practically on doorstep. The surrounding streets felt safe &amp; clean and we had no worries about walking around late at night. The rooms (adjoining triple &amp; double) were large, spotlessly clean, attractively designed and comfortable, as were the bathrooms. Breakfast was not included in the deal (through Expedia), however, this didn't matter. Breakfast can be ordered from a menu (no buffet) and one can choose from porridge (£2) to large pile of pancakes to full cooked (£8) - drinks are paid for once and freely replenished. Service was excellent - efficient and very friendly. Pleasant bar with friendly atmosphere. Reception staff very helpful in terms of ordering taxis/advising on routes etc.. Will definatly go back. The only downfall is that any hotels we stay in from now on, simply won't be able to live up to the very high standards that we now expect!	
May 2 2005	A near perfect hotel	This is simply a superb hotel. The location is near perfect for all of Chicago's attractions and shopping, as well as close to the Loop and public transportation if you're doing business. The rooms are tasteful and luxurious, fabulous beds, quiet and clean. The staff is attentive and thorough. I've stayed at most of the good hotels in Chicago and right now, I'd rate this one number one. There is no detail that's not carefully attended to; there's just nothing to criticize! (And, I'm a fairly fussy traveler.)	
Apr 25 2005	Great hotel in a convienent location	Just got back from 2 nights on our first trip to Chicago ..I had never traveled to the midwest and was quite impressed with the city and Le Meridian . We went with friends who had booked on Priceline ..and their room was eqvilient ..but after they asked to be moved they got a wonderful room overlooking michgan avenue ..the staff was very accomodating ..then there was our room ..we had booked the weekend special which included breakfast for about $239 ..upon arrival I asked about upgrades ..for $ 100 more per night we had a wonderful corner suite on the seventhfloor overlooking the lake and michigan avenue ..a real treat ..living room separte bedroom and a huge bathroom with separate shower and soaking tub and HEAVENLY beds ..weather was not great but the city was fantastic had a wonderful dinner at Everist ..top 5 of all time .. try jake Melnicks for lunch and Shaw's around the corner for seafood and Lou Mitchells for breakfast ...all fantastic ...Great hotel ..great city	
Apr 24 2005	Excellent!	I'll keep it short and sweet. Stayed two nights with my family Dec 26th and 27th. Paid almost nothing ($129) for 5-star quality and super location... (convenient to north and south Michigan Avenue and area stores/restaurants AND attached to a mall w/Nordstrom, food court and more...) Excellent all the way around. On the odd side --- Hotel was all to willing to advise that they were &quot;almost empty&quot; on the nights we were there... Not the sort of thing they should or admitted or that I should have heard... Don't know why this beautiful property wouldn't be at the top of everyone's list.	
Apr 20 2005	Désirent ardemment de phase Le Merdian (long live the Le Meridan)	Like other posts, I too am impressed with the LeMeridan. The location is perfect, direclty adjacent to the Shops at Northbridge.My husband and I were in town visiting our friends who were flying into O'Hare for the weekend from New York City. We arrived early, anxious to get the weekend started. The hotel staff, by far, were very accomodating. Our room was not ready yet, so we inquired if we would be near our friends room. The front desk person told us we were not, but he will do what ever he could to make sure we would be on the same floor. We left our luggage and went on our way to explore Chicago for the very first time.When we checked in, we found out they were direclty across the hall. It was great they fulfilled our needs! They made you feel like you were imporant to them. Something I just never experienced at a hotel before.When you would pass the employees at the LeMeridan they greeted you with a friendly &quot;hello&quot; or BonJour&quot;. The front desk staff used formal names, (Mr. Parker or Mrs. Parker) when we were in the lobby waiting for our friends. Valet park! It's worth the hassle- just call down BEFORE you leave your room and your car will be there quicker. I am mostly impressed with the decor in the bedrooms. The beds were so fluffy and the bathroom was spacious! The hotel has a seperate shower stall and a whirlpool tub. My husband got a little romantic and drew me up a rose-petal bath compelete with mini tea lights before our friends met us for dinner. Being so close to the shopping district, he purchased everything at Crate and Barrel, a few blocks down on Michigan Ave. I dont know what it is, but the LeMeridan put everyone in a special romantic feeling that weekend in November. It was a weekend we have not forgotten. Merci LeMeridan!	
Apr 17 2005	Perfect	Every year, my husband and I brave the terrible midwest winters to visit our families for Christmas in northern Illinois and every year, we spend at least two nights downtown before we head home... this hotel is absolutely our first choice. Perfect location - close to great restaurants and shops, not to mention that it's actually connected to the Nordstrom mall! great rooms, great restaurant, great bar, great people, great colors, and then some more great people. perfect.	
Apr 11 2005	You won't be disappointed	Just back from 5 days at the this hotel. It's my preferred destination in Chicago and I have stayed there several times. The staff is friendly and more than competent and the rooms are nicely done and most important they are quiet! I have never been disappointed at Le Meridien. Some great restaurant recommendations from the staff too. Try Cucina Bella on Sedgewick if you like Italian.	
Apr 7 2005	4 star rooms but not 4 star service	We booked this hotel for my 40th birthday and were looking forward to something really special. We were, for the most part, disappointed. While the rooms are lovely, crisp &amp; clean, the decor is minimalist. They could use a &quot;punch&quot; of color. The views were non-existent, despite the fact that we paid extra for a room that was supposed to have &quot;spectacular views.&quot; Our first room overlooked a basketball court and walkway to the Marriott next door (complete with dead birds.) My husband asked to be moved to a room with a better view, and we got one a floor higher that overlooked a parking garage - little improvement. The beds and the bathrooms are amazing, though. But what really lacked at this hotel was first-class service. And to me, that's what makes a 4 star hotel better than a 3 star hotel. The staff here was rude and very unaccommodating - we were made to feel like we were imposing - not like we were guests.	
Feb 27 2005 	Terrific hotel with a great feel	The only negative thing I can cite about this hotel is its somewhat strange street entrance. The rather awkward main entrance is on Rush Street, below the level of North Michigan Avenue, and it does not feel all that welcoming. Once you take the elevator up to the main lobby on the 5th floor, however, everything feels very different. In both the public spaces, and the rooms, there is a feeling of great elegance. My spacious feeling rooms was furnished with nice designed modern blond pieces, and the large bathroom had a tub and a separate stall shower. The overall feel was very comfortable and restful. For those who need it, the hotel offers broadband internet service in the rooms, but there is a charge of $12.95 a day. There is lots of interesting shopping, eating, and nightlife within walking distance. To get to North Michigan Avenue, one has to climb some steps or find the awkwardly located elevator to the Michigan Avenue entrance.	
Feb 25 2005	Great Place.	My wife and I stayed here in the middle of February 2005. We took the (EL) subway to the hotel from O'Hare. It was very convenient. The lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable. I've stayed in many a hotel room, this bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The hotel is located in a great area and close to everything. Walking distance to almost all the interesting sites Chicago has. Would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city.	
Jan 18 2005	Wonderful romantic week	My husband and I stayed at Le Meridian for an entire week, which could've been disastrous. Fortunately, it was wonderful. The location is great! We had about a foot of snow the week we were there (early January) yet we had no trouble getting around. The rooms were clean, pretty, and we had a great view. The bathtub is a get-away in itself. The entire staff, from the bellmen, to house-keeping, to the concierge, were absolutely friendly and helpful. After an entire week we felt like we knew everyone and hated to leave. The exercise room had great equipment, and again a nice view. We loved the nearby shopping, Nordstom, The American Girl Store, Pottery Barn, Neiman Marcus, and sooo much more. Great restuarants nearby were ESPNZone, Portillos, Mr.Beef, and we absolutely loved The Signature on the 95th. The only reason I give it a four is because of the uncomfortable pillows. However, the staff did try to accomodate us with different pillows. Thank you Le Meridian for making our trip to Chicago amazing!	
Jan 10 2005	Loved this hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for a few days in December, up until Christmas Eve. The hotel is easy to find and parking is conveniently across the road in a multi-story car park which leads directly into a shopping mall. The hotel is then reached by means of a walkway. The hotel itself was very nice - the service was excellent. On checkin we were upgraded to a junior suite on the top floor with fabulous views. We also had a welcome from the manager. The rooms are very clean, extremely well decorate and the room we stayed in was extremely spacious. I particularly loved the bathroom. The hotel was extremely convenient for Michigan Avenue - not too far to carry all the shopping. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 5 2005	Great Hotel Great Location	We had a great time at this hotel!! The service was great, and the location was even better (one block off michigan). We were two blocks away from the train. I was skeptical of taking the train from the airport but it was SOO easy and so much less expensive ($1.75 versus $25 taxi). We were in walking distance to almost everything that we visited. The hotel was beautiful with a great ambiance. The hotel is also attached to shopping so that was an added bonus. Again, I had a great time and we will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 23 2004	Special hotel in Chicago	We spent the last weekend at the LeMeriden and found it to be a delightful place to experience all that Chicago has to offer. The location is hidden away but accesible to great resturants and shopping. Very clean and stylish rooms with a European flare. The front desk staff was very helpful and everything about the hotel seemed very classy. The bed was the most comfortable I ever ever slept in. We will definately stay at the Le Meriden again and again.	
Sep 28 2004	One of the best	What up with all you crybabies? This is one of the most well-run, most beautifully appointed and best run hotels I've stayed at in quite some time (and I've stayed in lots of 'em in the past 1 1/2 yr). When I got to the front desk, the clerk asked if I wanted an upgrade, which would have blown my corporate budget. I was then dreading a 'standard' room -- not to worry! Most NYC apartments are smaller than the bathroom! Frankly, I was tempted to steal towels, the mirrors, the duvet....darn, this place just rocked! It's impossible to drive to, unless you have a savvy Chicago cabby who knows his/her way around, but it is worth the effort. Let's just say, I was thinking of moving in there permanently.	
Sep 26 2004	Very nice if you get a good price	We got a good rate on this room ($89 for one night, including taxes, through Priceline) and were mostly looking for a good location. It's well-situated downtown and was walking distance to everything we cared about for the weeekend. The hotel is stylish and well-appointed; the room was clean and modern-looking. The bathroom was huge and came pretty-well equipped with separate tub and shower, a full-sized hair dryer (not one of those useless little things mounted on the wall) and the usual soap/shampoo assortment. There was only one robe, which didn't bother us but might bother you. The hotel has a decent-sized exercise room, and also a bar and a restaurant that we didn't visit. The staff was helpful if a little cold. They let us check in at 10 am Saturday and stored our bags for us after we checked out Sunday, which was great. One odd thing: the layout of the floors is screwy. You enter from the street in sort of an alley, go up the elevator to the front desk on the fifth floor and then switch to another elevator to the guest room floors. There is also an entrance through an upscale shopping mall next door, but that relies on the world's slowest elevator. The room was clean, but I noticed that someone left a used drinking glass on a table near the elevator bank on my floor and the glass stayed there for at least 5 hours--not the kind of touch you look for in an upper level hotel. Housekeeping was inobtrusive except for one supervisor who kept trying to get into our room during the afternoon while we were taking a nap. Again, not first class.  I can't say this hotel is worth the list price (we were quoted $280), but it's worth what we paid.	
Sep 11 2004	A wonderful experience	We were quite unsure what to expect after reading various reviews. It was with some trepidation that we checked in. We need not have worried. The reception staff were friendly and most professional. Our room was beautiful and spacious as was the bathroom. Even the separate toilet had a telephone.We enjoyed the Terrace area which has views of skyscrapers and wonderful lights of the city.The entire experience was fantastic and would be at a loss to find fault with anything. In all, a great time in an awesome city.	
Aug 16 2004	rooms very small personnel rude	When we arrived they had our reservations all mixed up. Sent to one room and it was so small we couldn't move. Asked for another and they reluctantly gave us one. Got to our room, which was to have a lake view, and none of them do, and once again it was very small. The bathroom faucet was broke We will never stay here again. The one good thing was the glass enclosed shower, but no water pressure. I don't know what I expect for $220 a night.	
Jul 27 2004	Wow...what a mess	I guess it began when we called from the road for exact directions....got a couple of very rude operators who seriously could not tell us how to get there...struggled with street names....struggled with actual direction...then as if that were not enough....were just plain nasty. Upon arrival we discovered the reservations were completely twisted.....very confusing since we made the reserhvations directly with the hotel 5 weeks prior. We finally got to our room and nothing worked. The mini-bar fridge was glowing like an ember....no remote controls for the televisions...the furniture looked like it had been attacked by a jack-hammer....the best was calling down to the desk to report that the safe wasn't working....after three folks came up to the room in succession over a two hour period...they decided that we didn't know how to enter the code into the safe....even when it failed to work several times right in front of them. They left and said they would return with a new safe....we never saw them again...the safe sat half open and broken the whole four days. The food was very average.....there is so much more but in conclusion, the property has potential...it is just so poorly managed and maintained that its comical.	
Jul 20 2004	all right but won't go back again	We made a reservacation on hotels. com and stayed there for 3 nights. The hotel recepnionists were snobby and rude, and the first impression was not so great.The room was small, and our room was near a noisy exercise room and meeting rooms, and it made us wonder it was because our reservation was made on the internet using a discount site.The good things about this hotel- a comfortable bed and its location. The bathroom was spacious. That's about it.We mistankely drank a bottle of mineral water in the room thinking it was complimentary and it was not. The bottle of water was five dollars. Their high-speed internet connection was not free of charge either, which we've read in the guidebook. It was $9.95 per day for the internet access. Overall, the hotel staff didn't give us a good impression and we will probably stay at a different hotel in Chicago next time.	
Jul 8 2004	HEAVENLY!		
Jun 24 2004	Excellent Hotel		
Jun 3 2004	A great hotel.		
May 19 2004	Elegant perfection!		
Nov 13 2003	First line level staff UNHELPFUL		
Aug 24 2003	Perfection		
Jul 26 2003	guys night out		
May 1 2003	Refined Retreat		
Mar 24 2003	Pick another		
May 15 2002	Luxurious Comfort within the Heart of the City		
Nov 8 2009	ottimo		
Oct 4 2009 	???????????		
Jul 24 2009 	???????		
Aug 18 2008 	bochorsoso		
Feb 26 2008 	Merveilleux séjour		
Jul 7 2007 	Hotel an guter Lage		
Jan 21 2007 	Perfekte Lage; unauffälliger sehr guter Service		
